 I purchased this cup as a first sippy cup for bottle weaning -- becuase of the `` leak proof '' feature and the soft silicone spout . My 10 month old took to it right away . As most all children of this age do , he would chew on it but he had no teeth and it did n't harm the cup . However , in seconds of his using the cup he was completely soaked all down the front of his shirt because the entire silicone lid caved in causing all the liquid to escape . This cup is not leak proof and a very bad design . So , a couple of months later I decided to try the Nuby `` Flip n ' Sip '' also a `` no spill design . '' It has a straw ; which I am told by dentists is better for the child 's teeth and mouth in the long run . It too leaks when the cup tilted back ... which is natural for anyone to do while drinking . I would not recommend either of these products and am re-thinking this brand all together .
 I like this cup however I do n't like the spout . My toddler bites on it and then breaks the seal over time . I have yet to be able to find any replacement spouts in the stores . I have been to Babies R Us , Baby Depot , Target , etc. and no replacement spouts for the wide cups . They do have them at Babies R Us only for the regular size cups -LRB- no handle grip -RRB- . Once the spout is broken , they are worthless . I would recommend getting the small mouth spout . The new redesign is more durable to biting as well . He has yet to break the seal on any of those . These are VERY easy to clean .
 I bought this cup for my daughter but it in less than a week it started leaking ... very disapointing ...
 Because my daughter would n't take any of the other sippy cups I offered her , I tried this very soft topped Nuby sippy cup . She finally figured it out with this cup ! But after a few uses the handles would n't line up anymore ... now , really she did n't seem to mind this -LRB- lets not get OCD , now -RRB- , but when they started leaking all down her chin and made a mess , I decided to move on to a more rigid -LRB- my favorites are made my playtex -RRB- sippy cup ! Now I 've gotten rid of these . Only buy if you need a short-time transition and do n't plan to use them for very long .
 I bought a set of 3 `` No Spill '' Nuby sippy cups when my son first started drinking from cups . We lost 1 , and broke 1 . So I went to buy some more . The only ones available were the Luv n Care cups . I liked the Nuby cups and just figured they had redesigned them , which was a bit disappointing . These cups suck . The handles come off pretty easily , especially if dropped . If dropped too many times , the handles break and then they wo n't stay on at all . The lids are difficult to get on correctly , so they do n't leak , and the actual plastic the cups are made out of is thinner ... looks cheap . Do n't buy this sippy cup if you have other options . I would buy the Nuby `` No Spill '' sippy cup . It 's strong , sturdy and has the exact same nipple ; it 's just a better cup .
 I liked this cup at first , but then it started leaking from the bottom . Evidently , over time , the plastic holders start pulling away from the actual bottle , creating a leak where they were once joined . At least we got about 4-5 months out of it first ... Unless you want a `` disposable '' sippy cup , spend your money on a different product .
 I got this item at a local store . It looked like a great idea , but it was actually a huge disappointment and had to be returned .1 . Expandability . The frame is supposed to extend from 26 '' to 42 '' , which is true ; however , the expansion is fixed in 1/2-inch increments , so unless one happens to have a doorway that has exact measurement like 36 '' or 40 1/2 '' , this will not fit . This is a big problem , as the gate is pressure-mounted -LRB- see below -RRB- .2 . Pressure-mounted gate . This gate is `` pressure-mounted '' , meaning it has two rubber bumpers on either side , which is mounted to doorframe by extending the gate to the fullest length possible within the doorway and securing it with a steel latch . This setup , however , is not sturdy at all . I tried rattling it lightly , and found that the rubber bumpers moved very easily on painted walls -LRB- non-gloss -RRB- and wooden doorframe -LRB- gloss-painted -RRB- alike . My 2-pound Maltese puppy is in the habit of jumping and moving even steel wire playpen -- this certainly would n't stand against a full-frontal assault ! 3 . Portability . The gate is certainly light , but it adds to overall instability when mounted . The instruction says it 's easy to secure or unlock the latch and relocate the gate , I actually found it rather difficult to undo the steel latch that secures the gate at a given length . If it 's this much trouble to mount or unmount the gate , it defeats the purpose of having a `` portable '' gate !
 It was n't what I expected . The gate does n't hold up well or stay in place . I followed the instruction as directed . I ended up sending my back .
 I opened this item to find one of the long standup wooden sided almost completely snapped in half where the crossbar is attached to it . Ca n't even say yet whether it 's good or not ; I 'm ordering another because I really need this before Christmas and am hoping it 's OK .
 I wish I would have tried this stroller out before buying it . It is cumbersome , awkward , huge , hard to maneuver and I wish I had never bought the darn thing . I have used it less then a dozen times and the clip broke and the stroller in unable to be used . The company has a non working customer service number and at this point I am awaiting my refund from Amazon . DO N'T DO IT !!!
 Before buying the stroller , I read a lot of reviews on this stroller and they were all good . So I decided to buy it , what a BIG mistake !!! Everything is wrong with this stroller
 The clip broke on my stoller so now it will not collapse . I had it for only 1 month until problems occured . I emailed the company but did not receive a response .
 My STROLLER FRAME COLLAPSED AND COMPANY WONT CONTACT ME BACK - THIS IS A HORRIBLE STROLLER AND PLASTIC ON THIS STROLLER BROKE ON BOTH SIDES OF THE FRAME
 We 've gotten some good use out of this stroller - the frame works with the Graco snugride , and that has been an excellent feature . Also the stroller is quite easy to assemble and collapse . However , now that my baby is starting to outgrow his carseat , and I have to use the stroller seat itself , I am very dissapointed with it . The seat is big , bulky and cumbersome , and we can not fit it into the trunk of our car -LRB- Honda Civic -RRB- . We also got very little use out of the basinette -LRB- he outgrew it by 10 weeks -RRB- , and the sunshade/canopy might as well not be there it 's so small . The basket is equally as useless , and can barely carry anything - this is VERY frustrating . I wish we had bought the Valco Lattitude stroller . It has all the same features -LRB- except the wheels -RRB- with a much bigger basket and canopy , is lightweight , compact , and about half the price of the RSB .
 When I received this item , I was surprised that it looks nothing like the item I thought I purchased . It is a Dwink product , but it looks like a much cheaper version . It is a solid dark blue with `` Dwink '' cut out into the plastic , and it does not bow out like the old one we had -LRB- which looks like the picture on Amazon.com -RRB- , so smaller juice boxes do not fit as they should . I was very disappointed and am sending it back for a refund .
 I thought when I read about this , it would be great for my toddler to have his drink cups in this . Yes , it does fit the smaller juice boxes but it slides around and is short inside making it hard to drink from the straws because as anyone with kids know , those straws are never straight up in the air . So you are constantly pulling the straw up but you have put your fingers down inside the container of this holder .
 Good drink box holders seem to be hard to find . The whole point of a juice box holder is to prevent squeezing -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- . Although this item is a good size , it is also pliable , allowing a child to squeeze the sides of the box , causing liquid to shoot out of the straw hole -LRB- if held anywhere other than the handles . Other boxes are more rigid , but not large enough to fit all box sizes . I do not recommend `` Dwink '' . I wound up buying `` juice box buddies '' , and they work great -LRB- rigid sides & fit most boxes -RRB- .
 I think I jumped too quick with this product . It 's super cute and cuddly , but it turns off after like 5 min and then is activated again by movement . So , I turn it on , baby falls asleep . It turns off , baby wakes up . Baby starts to move , it turns on and scares her . Then I have a crying baby . Not the ideal situation . I ended purchasing the Munchkin Nursery Projector and Sound Machine . It has options to turn off or stay on . Works much better for my little one .
 The womb sound quickly soothes the baby to allow him to go to sleep . You can place the bear anywhere in the crib because the sound is loud enough . I also feel it is safe to have in the crib because the bear lays flat and wo n't tip over onto the baby if placed close . My nephew loves the silkie trim on the blanket , he 'll hold onto it until he falls asleep . I highly recommend this gift to anyone , whether your baby is fussy or not .
 I was really excited until I opened it . Small and not exactly the sound quality I thought it would have . We 're returning it .
 This product , IMO , is a waste of money . I bought this when my baby was ~ 1 month old and VERY colicky . I found myself horrified that newborns are not nearly as easy and fun to care for as I in my delusional first-time pregnant state imagined them to be , and equally horrified that COLIC does not neccasarily have anything to do with gas , does not always respond to gas drops , and sits back and laughs at the suggestions in `` Happiest Baby on the Block '' -LRB- another great bit of bunk for first time parents -RRB- My baby wanted to be held and nursed all the time and if he was n't being held or nursed during the day , he cried . I thought this was a problem that needed a solution . Turns out that 's just how some babies are.When I got this , it did n't come with the `` silky '' - but I am laughing at the idea of it . You do n't need to BUY something special for your child to have your scent near him . And I am not convinced that this current practice of selling new parents something with which to give their baby a bit bit of the parents ' scent has any basis in fact . I just ca n't wrap my head around its being useful . Your baby loves your scent because he loves YOU . He 's not stupid enough to think a scrap of material that kind of smells like you is the same thing.Anyway ... the heartbeat function of this bear was useless . I tried really , really hard at first to make myself think it was doing SOMETHING . The first time I used it , I had it out of the bear , had the baby in the Bjorn on my chest , facing me ... strapped the heartbeat box to the Bjorn , danced around with the baby , he fell asleep ... it was working !!! I thought . But I really do n't think it was . I think my baby was just happy to be near me because I was never able to repeat the experiment - and believe me , I tried . I attached to ti his car seat . To his stroller . To the Bjorn again . Put it in the bear and next to him in his cradle . Never made a difference . He was fussy or not , depending on his whims and nothing else.I give this item two stars because at least the bear is adorable . Very cute , very soft , very squishy -LRB- if you take the hard plastic heartbeat box out -RRB- . At 19 months my baby has JUST started to get attached to stuffed toys and he really likes the bear . He has a duck , a baby doll , and this bear that he likes to have in his crib . But given that all this item has ended up being useful for is a stuffed animal , I do n't think it 's worth it.This is just another product preying on the insecuritues and pocket books of new parents . Caring for a newborn is HARD . If you are reading this and thinking there is some nifty modern gadget that will make it a breeze , WAKE UP . Do not spend your money . Your baby wants to be nursed and cuddled and held and rocked and talked to and sung to . Your baby wants YOU . It is not easy . At times it will seem like sheer hell . But that 's the way it goes . It passes . Save your money , give your baby the gift of yourself , and someday , with or without modern gadgets , you will look back on these days and actually ... sort of ... miss them .
 For the first few weeks my daughter was not affected by this product . But after the 3rd week it really helped her fall asleep and stay asleep but it only lasts for 5 min . I had to stand by her crib and touch it every time it went off until she was fast asleep . Unfotunately my daughter needs 15-30 minutes so it is very cumbersome . I would not recommend this product unless they added a longer mode .
 We got this for our daughter and took it to the hospital when she was born . It is cute and you can take the sound box out of the bear , which we did , and attach it by velcro to railings such as the baby bed at the hospital . It sounds great but it wo n't stay on . It lasts for about ten minutes and then it stops , usually right as you or baby are almost asleep , leaving a deafening silence . Then you have to reach over and bump it to make it come back on , over and over . Tedious !! Also , the batteries ran out after less than a week of use and as they dd it just got quieter and quieter . We found much better results for the same price when a friend gave us the Homedics sound maker and projector : Homedics SS-3000 Soundspa Lullaby , WhiteThis not only plugs in , wth NO automatic shut-off , but also has several sound settings as well as beautiful and colorful discs that project wherever you aim the device -LRB- wall , sofa back , bassinet cover , etc. -RRB- . Our baby has watched it since she was three weeks old . I highly recommend this instead of the bear !!
 The sound portion of this product failed within 30 days and it was replaced in a timely manner . The replacement also failed within two months ... My baby really liked this product , I wish this review could be better .
 The problems with this bear are that the sound does n't stay on long enough -LRB- only 5 minutes ! -RRB- and the sound and motion activator is not sensitive enough ! My daughter had to scream into the device with it right in front of her to activate it and by then she is too worked up and too loud for her to hear the womb sound to calm her down . The womb sound works for her , she just needed something that stayed on longer . We ended up exchanging this item for the `` Sound Sleeper '' , which works wonders ! I recommend that rather than this bear -- and the `` Sound Sleeper '' is less expensive !
 We purchased the Slumber Bear for our two-week-old daughter in the hopes that it would help lull her back to sleep when she awakened in the middle of the night . While the bear itself may eventually be of use as a generic toy , the audio pacifier has not been at all effective in the anticipated pacifying efforts . The audio/motion detector is only triggered 50 % of the time when our daughter screams directly at it , and oftentimes I 've needed to give it several good , solid whacks to get it to play . When it does play , the audio track of womb sounds has had no impact on her crying . I acknowledge that it may work better for some children , but ours is not one of them . I should note that our daughter is not what would be considered colicky or otherwise overly fussy .
 This gate is not a sturdy one . Would not recommend this gate to anyone . Had to buy a sturdier one .
 Well , seeing that I needed an extra wide gate , I had few choices , and this was the only one that would fit -- the only reason I bought this gate . Bought last Dec -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , the gate lasted all of 5 months . My little dog has chewed through the filmsy wooden slats and escaped . I would have fared better using boxes of rocks placed side by side to keep the pooch in the pen . Total waste of money !!
 When I bought this swing , I incorrectly assumed that because it was made by a major name brand it must be safe . WRONG ! At about 5 months , my daughter learned grab hold of the bars on the side of swing . When she did this , the seat somehow folded up , and she was hanging upside down from it with her head dangling about an inch from the floor ! My husband said from the start that the design was poor . I wish I 'd listened to him . Do n't buy this swing ! Also , avoid swings that hang from doorways . They can be unstable too , and your baby can drop to the floor !
 This swing is absolutely horrible and dangerous as well . We did n't get this swing until my baby was almost 4 months old and he was almost already too big for it . It is definitely a safety hazard , as like other reviewers said , my son would grab the bars and end up pulling his head between the stand and the frame . I think any swing on the market would be better than this one in every regard .
 I bought this for my son while we were out welcoming daddy home from Iraq.Up to 25 lbs my behind . . My son was more like 16 lbs and the thing would n't swing . I would have it on high and it would barely budge . He hated it . And he loves swings.Also the animals that are supposed to hang off the banana leaf do n't hang on . They constantly fell off.And like the other person said , he was too tall for it at 4 months old.It did make cute noises but that is all of the compliments I have for it.The Aquarium swings are SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO much better in my point of view . .
 I purchased this swing because we were out of town and it was much needed . We have the full sized Papasan swing and the travel Ocean Wonders swings at home -LRB- which in retrospect , we were wishing we brought with us -RRB- . While neither of those are 100 % perfect , they are much better than this one . The open frame allows the child to kick the swing frame , stop the swing from moving , and potentially get their feet/legs stuck in between the bars . ALso , the swing seat almost lays horizontal -LRB- with the foot part of the swing MUCH higher than the head position -RRB- while swinging , to the point that I am afraid if my daughter would wiggle a bit , she would end up tipping the seat backwards and land on the floor . Lastly , the mobile is horrible . It 's pitiful and I find it hard to believe that Fisher Price put something like that on the market . It 's a plastic leaf that has little notches for two toys on strings . The strings have a not on the end of them and you slide it into the notches . These toys remain on the notches for approximately 3 seconds . It 's a very poor design and needs a LOT of work . And my daughter ends up in a crumbled up ball on one side of the swing more times than not - it does n't seem to have the support that our other 2 swings have.That said , the swing is very attractive and appealing . I only wish it were better made and more thought out .
 I tried this swing then this Fisher-Price 's Open Travel Swing . In both swings my baby would lean forward and fold himself in half in the seat . The Jungle swing was difficult to haul around since it did n't stay closed well and the `` palm tree '' was always in the way . Finally I bought the Fisher-Price Aquarium Swing . I found the seat of the Aquarium swing to be deeper and it clicks in place -LRB- so it wo n't fold over on baby -RRB- and it is easier to assemble and haul around .
 I would not recommend putting your baby in this swing -- I had my son in it , he slumped over and his head became wedged between the frame and swing arm . The swing was still trying to swing , pushing his head into the bar . Thankfully I was nearby and able to remove him quickly . I called Fisher Price , they were more than helpful and apologetic and are in the process of testing my swing for `` product integrity '' ... however , I would definitely advise finding a different product -- this was a scary experience with an infant !!!
 I purchased this swing because we wanted something to take back and forth to our parents house . Though I am VERY sorry I purchased it . When you place the baby in the swing - the seat lays almost flat/horizontal -LRB- with the foot part of the swing MUCH higher than the head position ?? -RRB- Very weird ?? While it swings , I am afraid my daughter could end up tipping the seat backwards and land on the floor . Also , there is no head support . On the box it says that it is age appropriate from birth to 25lbs - THIS IS NOT the case . My daughter is only 4 months old and she can hold her head - but not too great yet and there is NO HEAD support with this swing . My daughter ends up leaning way over to one side of the swing - it does n't seem to have the support that other swings have . I have another swing the head support and positioning of the way the swing sits is MUCH BETTER . To add - the mobile is horrible . It 's really pitiful and hard to believe that Fisher Price put something like that on the market . The entire swing has a poor design to it .
 The authors recommend that you microwave all the food you cook for your baby . Is this a joke ? Coming from a company that is based on feeding children natural food you would think they would want to cook it in a more natural manner . I do n't even own a microwave and definitely do n't plan on cooking 100 % of my baby 's food in one . They do have about 4 sentences in their 100 page cookbook that relates to steaming food but it looks like it was added as an afterthought.Also the book and DVD are written with a 12 year old in mind as their audience . They could give their customer a little more respect and act like they have at least half a brain.The trays are nice and I plan on making my baby food using the cook book but you have to be a little curious about a natural baby food product that encourages everything to be cooked in a totally unnatural manner .
 Obviously most people seem to really like this product but in my opinion it is a waste of money . All you have to do is look up how to make baby food online , buy some trays with lids and you can totally skip buying this.The DVD
 I agree with several others about it being VERY difficult to clean . There are so many nooks and crannies . I used it for my daughter and hated it and then tried it again when I had my son and it was no different . My son is 16 months old and has been learning to feed himself and there are times that I do not want to let him practice because I dread how long it takes me to clean after each meal . I went out and bought an inexpensive highchair without all of the bells and whistles and it works great ! Now I have more time to spend playing with him instead of cleaning a highchair .
 I bought this as it was the `` nicest '' -LRB- most expensive -RRB- highchair ... WRONG ! my baby -LRB- 6 months old -RRB- hates it -LRB- too confining -RRB- and the tray is up to his eyes !!!!! Whats the point of it if he can not use the tray ? The thing is HUGE i mean huge and if you have a small space like me you 'll grow to resent it . I sold it and am getting the Stokke tripp trapp with the baby rail - totally worth the extra $ $ as it grows with the child -LRB- becomes a booster etc -RRB- . I 've heard the peg is a nightmare to clean up too.Cons : HUGEhard to clean uptray is WAY to high to ever usedid i mention HUGE ????? expensive for a big piece of plastic *** UPDATE *** we ended up with a $ 20 high chair from ikea -LRB- ! -RRB- that we LOVE ! it 's so much smaller than all the rest and cleans up so easily which will be so important to your sanity !!
 Lets be honest about something - babies are messy . They 're dirty , especially when they are eating . Food gets everywhere . Strained peas go in the hair . Prunes end up , well , I ca n't really say where . The problem with this high chair is there are too many cracks and crevices into which little ones can deposit their unwanted dinnertime treats . After one meal , the chair is absolutely filthy and disgusting . Then , once you finally get your child unstrapped , stripped , bathed , rediapered and put to bed , you have to go back to the kitchen and face an unholy , god-awful mess that takes forever to clean , because you have to take the entire chair apart and use toothpicks to pick the strained peaches out . This is the second Peg Perego high chair we had . We did n't want this one again , but a now-disowned relative gave it to us as a baby warming gift . Trust me , buy something else .
 As a mother of two little boys , this high chair has been a huge disappoinment from practically the beginning . First , it is very difficult to clean and has so many nooks and crannies that if you are not ready to wield the Q-tips , it begins to have a smell . Second , the seat cushion ripped near the middle knob . Water collected after you cleaned it , and also if you have a child that throws up , that as well . I decided just to order another seat cushion , thinking it was maybe something I did , and the second one has now ripped . For the price , this high chair is DEFINITELY not worth it . The person who invents a high chair that is one solid piece of plastic and easy to clean will be a billionaire .
 Now that I have this chair , I 'm not going to replace it but I have two major complaints about it . Our son is 20 months old and I still have to put a book wrapped in a dishtowel in the seat so he can comfortably reach the tray or our dining table . Raising the height does n't help because the arms of the chair come up so high and so far forward you ca n't scoot the chair in any closer to a table . The chair also has a very large footprint -- unless you have a very spacious dining area it 's hard maneuvering around it . If I could do it over again , I would n't buy this high chair .
 I 'm on child number 2 with this chair , and my complaints are the same . 1 . They tray is way too high for an infant/young toddler to reach anything . My son is 8 months old and he can barely see what is placed on top of the tray .2 . It is a cleaning nightmare . I am still finding food from my first born hidden in this chair!Good points : - pop off tray-divider that keeps them from slipping out-cool colorsI tried a friend 's cheap Evenflo chair and I loved it 100 times better and it cost over 100 dollars less !
 I hate this chair !!! I agree with the other reviewers on everything including how hard it is to clean , the tray height , etc. . I ended up taking the seat cover off permanently because I was so tired of scraping things out of the crevaces and trying to get underneath it for the food that fell through . The chair is trying to be so high-tech that it forgets that parents need easy , too !! I have had to clean the chair with a toothpick to get the food out of all the little cracks and crevaces . I am a clean person and I think that my son is relatively self-controlled when it comes to food mess ... . but there is n't a child clean enough for this chair !! My mom threw hers out!Buy a $ 15 used chair at the second hand store ... you will be much happier .
 I registered for this highchair because of how nice it looks , and the reputation of the company . I really hate the cheesy baby patterns ... this went well with our decor . Knowing what I know now , I would have purchased a plain wooden one . The only positive thing I could say about it is that it is nice looking.The wheels do n't move with the chair ... My hardwood floors have several deep gouges and countless little scratches.The straps do not come off -LRB- my daughter was sick and threw up in the chair -RRB- Let 's just say they need to be replaced . It is impossible to deep clean them , they are permanently attached.The tray does n't not lock into place easily ... it takes numerous tugs before it sticks.The quality in general is just horrible . The reclining feature is a joke . It takes all my strength to lock it into place and even then , it 's uneven . My daughter ends up leaning to one side!I am not a slob ... I keep everything in my home very clean for my daughter , but this chair has been a thorn in my side . Peg Perego customer service is horrible . Never recieved a response after several attempts to reach a customer service rep. In my opinion this just is n't worth the money .
 I am very disappointed with this highchair . I love the Peg Perego brand and I love their strollers but I HATE this high chair . These are new colors so I could n't find any other reviews on it but I had to share.The bad points
 I do n't think so . My son has been using this chair since he was 4 months old -LRB- he is 15 months old now -RRB- and I do n't care for this chair too much . When I put the tray on I must shove the tray into the chair 2 or 3 more times to make it `` click '' into place . Otherwise one side of the tray is not properly locked in . -LRB- I must do this EVERY time ; VERY annoying . -RRB- Also , the tan leather does n't seem to be as `` pretty '' as when we first bought it ; it looks kind ' f grungy -LRB- sp . -RRB- now even though I clean it all the time.I do like the fact that the seat raises up and down and also reclines , but many of the cheaper highchairs do this as well.I will not be buying this chair for my 3 month old . Overall , for the money , I would not recommend this chair .
 I received this highchair as a hand-me-down . Looks lovely , mine is pale blue and lime green , but is infuriating to clean . I have never seen more cracks , crevices , screw holes , all where baby food and slobber collect . After one feeding with my hyper 7 month-old the chair is beyond filthy . You will need to buy toothpicks to get in all the crevices . A friend of mine has a Fisher-Price high chair which is much less complicated and easier to clean . The price is insane -LRB- glad mine was free -RRB- . I would never buy this chair even as a gift . I would advise anyone considering this chair to go with something cheaper and easier to clean . I would give it zero stars if I could .
 We had to clean this high chair nearly every day and the process itself would take 30 minutes . I am not a neat freek in any way shape or form . But you kind of have to clean this frequently as the food goes into every nook and cranny . If i had to buy another chair I would get a wood one . We have the Eddie Bauer booster now that our son is older . We clean that once a day with a sponge which takes all of 1 minute and take the cushion off for a super clean once a week.The Prima Pappa is comfortable and secure . In the end I realized that we did n't need all the bells and whistles !
 I bought this chair used and I do n't think it 's worth the $ 50 I paid for it . I also have the Fisher Price chair -LRB- I have twins -RRB- and that one is SO much better - I wish I had 2 of those . First , like everyone has said , it is ridiculous to clean . Those people who said it 's easy to clean must either not be really cleaning it or have babies that make very little mess . Gross food particles collect in every crease and corner , especially under the seat.Most importantly , the tray is way too high - even at 1 yrs old my girls are uncomfortable reaching food on it and they are an average height/weight . The tray also does n't come close enough so there is a big gap between the baby and the chair - not dangerous but perfect for all the food to fall through and collect in the sides of the chair and on the lap.Finally , the tray is too big for an average size dishwasher so must always be washed by hand . The FP high chair tray can go right into the dishwasher.ONLY BUY THIS CHAIR IF THE ONLY THING YOU CARE ABOUT IS HOW IT LOOKS .
 I am very disappointed in this high chair and we own 2 ! Our twins are 2 and they still must sit on pillows to reach the tray -LRB- and I 'm sure that you can imagine the mess of cleaning the pillows daily -RRB- . ** Important ** the tray to seat ratio is fixed !! You can not adjust this !! And be careful of the light colors , they crack and get dirty and will not come clean.We received these as gifts but had we known how bad the chairs are , we would have returned them .
 I am so dissapointed with this high chair . The tray does not come in close enough and the seat is much too low . The real problem is the tray , on the closest setting there is still HUGE gap . When your baby starts to self feed , he/she will drop food , since the Prima Papa does n't come in tight enough , the food will drop on the floor , into the nooks and crannies of the high chair that are impossible to clean , etc. . Find a high chair with a tray that comes in nice and tight , so when food does drop your baby can just try again ! Some things are definitely worth spending a little more , this high chair is NOT one of those things . Keep looking , you have n't found your high chair yet .
 We used this high chair from the time my son was 5 months until he turned 10 months . I had so many issues with this chair ! The tray is huge and did not fit in my dishwasher . It was also heavy and required both hands to manuever . There was a huge gap between the tray and my son 's chest , which means that half the food fell into his lap , or worse , got stuck in the crevices of the chair . I was constantly cleaning this chair and hunting for a tool to get the filthy straps off . At 10 months , when the pediatrician said it was time to start letting my son self-feed , I knew we had to replace the chair . We chose the Fisher Price Heathy Care Booster seat and I love it ! Other people may like this chair , but I am just being honest with you regarding our experience with this chair . I wish I had not wasted my money on it !
 This highchair is absolutely terrible !!!! It is so difficult to clean and no matter what we do to it , it never seems to be clean . It has so many crevices where food can hide and unless your baby is a very clean eater , this is not the chair to buy . Also , the pad of the chair is very difficult to remove and reattach and it seems as though our fingers are always getting pinched trying to do so.Positive notes - Nice reclining feature , harness and easy tray removal , however these features can probably be found on another high chair.I will probably get a new highchair for my next child as this one is such a pain ! Yuck , do not buy !
 In a nutshell , I bought this chair because it looked attractive in our kitchen and I thought it would be very comfortable and safe . There is , however , no conceivable way to get this thing clean ! Even with daily wiping down and disassembling , the chair has developed an odor from food getting caught in the straps and crevices . The tan leatherette has begun to deteriorate and crack after only 5 months ! We must take it outside and hose down the frame weekly to keep down the colony of fruit flies that have taken up residence there . In short , it is a disgusting chair and I am even more disgusted that I paid $ 180 for it . I would not recommend this chair to anyone .
 I agree with another reviewer that this high chair is best for babies 12 months + . We registered for this high chair and I am impressed with its stability , quality and design except for the fact that the tray is so large that my 5 month old ca n't see over it . She drowns in this high chair ! I was disappointed that this chair did not have an adjustment where the tray can be lowered so that infants can fit comfortably in it . I think we will not be able to use this chair until my daughter is about a year old . : -LRB-
 After seeing and using so many cloth covered high chairs , one would think that a leather covered high chair would be great . It should contain foods that are dropped by new eaters and wipe off easily . As I said , in theory , it 's great . However , the design of the high chair is greatly lacking.This design has a hole in the leather for the bar that is designed to prevent your child from sliding out under the tray . It also has a design in which the leather comes together in the back , bottom corners . Because the leather comes together from two pieces , this leave a gap/slit that allows food to be pushed or to fall under the leather padding . These two holes have been the most irritating , agitating part of owning this high chair.We live in a climate in which we keep our windows open all of the time . Because of this , small little creatures can get into our home -- namely fruit flies and gnats . These lovely gaps in our $ 180 high chair have created a breeding ground for these bugs ! We are not dirty people and I clean out the crevices in this high chair after every use . But , since food falls under the seat , I am having a hard time cleaning it thoroughly after each use.I called PP today to ask about what they suggested to prevent this . They told me that I should reasonably be expected to remove the screws , pull out the straps and seat belts , thoroughly clean , then replaces everything -- including the screws AFTER EVERY MEAL . Then , I was told that perhaps if I were a little cleaner , I would n't get bugs . So much for customer service ! I do n't know anyone with a small child who would think this is a reasonable way to design OR clean a product that you use at least 3-5 times a day!I suggest buying a less expensive seat -- perhaps one that can be popped in the dish washer ... or even one of those old fashioned wooden ones . We 're currently in the market for one to replace ours -- and I ca n't , in good conscious pass this bug growth zone on to another unsuspecting parent ! So , I 'll be throwing it out .
 This chair is way too big . My baby is 10 months and I have her sitting on a book so she can reach the tray , and she 's still too low . Plus , there is way too much room between the baby and the tray . I purchased a Fisher Price chair for my Mom which was 1/3 the price and I like it much better !
 ... very , very hard to clean . There are cheaper high chairs on the market now with similar features . Do n't be fooled into paying more for the Perego name . It 's just not worth it .
 My son is 19 months old now . I really dislike this highchair . Our nanny , who cleans it , dislikes it even more.I HAD to have this chair . . just like I HAD to have a 4 different kinds of strollers -LRB- Peg-Martinelli , Bugaboo , Mclaren and a Jogger -RRB- , 50 baby blankets , a kelty , a bjorn , Mustella -LRB- only -RRB- , ... I could go on ... for days . . My mom laughs that I slept in a drawer and she used regular soap on my bald head . She still laughs at my baby wipe warmer that almost caught on fire.Anyway , my words of wisdom of my 19 months of momdom , save your money for a nice dinner ... get a $ 30 booster seat . When having company , booster fits nicely in the closet and cleans up in a second.Oh , and forget cleaning the straps ... ick !
 The only customer who should go for this chair is the one which loves extensive unnecessary cleaning . The number of cracks and crevices are endless . We 've started lining the plastic of the chair with saran wrap after we found a blackish mold in one undiscovered crevice.The device is impossible to keep clean . If I had to do it again , I would absolutely not buy it .
 I have this chair in white leatherette . It was given to us as a gift . I had not registered for it and in fact had never seen it before . My first reaction was to be very alarmed of a WHITE cover on a chair for an infant/toddler . However , the leatherette wipes off beautifully and it has not been an issue.But I hate the straps . As others have said , they are nearly impossible to get off . And the tray ; it 's so big ! We started using it when my son was 5 months old and he could barely see over the top of it . My son is now 8 months . We 've been using the chair for 3 months and I just wanted to give my honest opinion of it . The thing that I hate the most is the fact that the straps are so hard to get off to clean.It LOOKS great , but I honestly think it works better for a toddler-age child -LRB- 12-24 months -RRB- than for a small baby . Because of the size of the tray and the straps being nearly impossible to remove -LRB- who wants to get out a screwdriver just to do routine cleaning ? -RRB- , I gave it 2 stars . I think you can find good high chairs out there at a much better price !
 As with the other reviews I have been reading , my child is 21 1/2 '' long and weighs just over 11lbs . She is already outgrowing this cars seat , and she is always sweating in this seat . It is easy to use , but for the money , I thought I would be able to use it longer than what I 'm going to be able to use it for . She was almost 7lbs when born and was cramed into the seat , I had to take the head support out right from the begin because the seat is so narrow , you do n't need it anyways .
 Wish I read the reviews first - but bought the seat due to the Consumer Reports article . But then again this was one of the two seats that fit my car well - BMW 525 Wagon.The fabric makes my daughter too hot - after 30-40 minutes or so she starts wailing - when we take her out it feels as if she has a fever!I also think the protective hood does not go nearly far enough overhead so we always have to put a receiving blanket on it to increase shading.Also the plastic clip that joins the two shoulder straps is lame and difficult to put on when baby is active.We had to take the velcro attached pads off the should strap because they also made her very hot since they bunch up around her neck.She is starting to get bigger at 9 weeks and looks like she fits perfectly - which means in two months the seat will be way too small.Oh well , on to the convertible seat . Such a disappointment for a high priced/safe product.The positives are it fits well and is easy to latch in . I also like the variable adjustment knob - I saw that most other seats have discrete heights to which you can level the seat .
 I bought this carseat because of the high safety rating , but I was severely disappointed with it . To begin with , my baby was born in the summer and she would get so hot in this seat if she was in it for very long . Now that it is winter , she gets overheated when she just has a sweater on , so I do n't even want to know what it would be like if she had on a big thick snowsuit . Second , she has never been very comfortable in it . More times than not , my otherwise laidback content child will wake up crying if she has fallen asleep in the seat . There is not alot of room , it is very narrow , so when she is in it , her little arms get stuck almost underneath her . It is definitely too narrow compared to others I have seen . Her little feet have started to hang over the front and she is under 27 inches , but for safety reasons we have to buy her a bigger seat . Lastly , we traveled with this carseat and were disheartened to know we had to bring the base to use the carseat on the airplane . Even then , my husband had to force the seat into the base because the buckle was in the way of the latch . Do n't let the ratings fool you - this carseat is not worth the money .
 I love my Peg Perego Duette stroller , and the Primo Viaggio car seats snap right into it , so I was happy as a clam , until 4 months , when my son was so `` hunky '' that he no longer fit into the seat . I had to buy a convertible car seat for him -LRB- which is not even as nice as the clip in 's because you have to completely take the baby out EVERY time you run an errand -RRB- . My daughter is more petite , but she got fussy in her car seat by the age of 5 months . I know people with the graco car seat system and they are 7 months along and STILL fit in the car seat . So , I truly wish this seat would have been wider . I agree with other reviews , these seats weigh a lot too .
 Think carefully when deciding on what car seat is appropriate and works best for your child and your vehicle . I agree with the other posts regarding how quickly a child will outgrow this carseat . I am very disappointed in that respect.On another note , I am not at all impressed with the ease of the harness system which I seem to spend a great deal of time untangling after every use . This may be common in most carseats , but this one is incredibly frustrating ! I also want to cmment on the tension-fastening system ... it does n't work very well , and upon pulling to increase the tension , the `` button '' mechanism broke -LRB- trust me , I am not that strong -RRB- . There are several other brands out there that I should have given a closer look at before I purchased this one . This just goes to show you that simply because an item costs more , it does n't mean it is better .
 For starters the instructions are vague . It is very difficult to remove and install outer cover to wash . Difficult to get in and out of the car . Does n't fit in our stroller or shopping carts . Is uncomfortable for the child . The straps constantly get twisted . My daughter is now about 16 lbs . that combined with the need to wear cold weather clothes will not fit . I would have returned it except it was given to us as a gift from a close friend .
 For the price I paid for this car seat , I would n't have expected so many problems . The canopy does n't cover the babies face as far at it should and continues to slide back as the baby is pushed in a stroller or snap-n-go . The handle is very hard to move and the head rest never stayed in the shape it was suppose to . After putting my infant in the car seat , I would have to spend several minutes trying to fix the head rest around his head . Lastly , the fabric is very hot and the seat is heavy . Save your money and go with a less expensive seat .
 Love the fabric and look , but the car seat is very heavy , and I was very disappointed to find out that you ca n't travel without the base . What a pain it will be to lug this heavy car seat & base when I travel ! The Pliko stroller is five stars though .
 Unlike most carseats the Peg Perego does not have slots in the carrier to secure onto the seatbelt of a plane . If you plan on flying , you have to bring the huge bulky base with you . If I bought the Graco , I would not have to lug that big awkard base with me everywhere at the airport!I also found the carseat to be difficult to use . It is heavier than most and not as easy to snap in and out of the car .
 I loved the look of this carseat and the fact that it snaps into the Venezia stroller . It seems to be very comfortable for our 2 month old baby , but on almost all occasions -LRB- unless it 's a 5 minute drive -RRB- he sweats to death in it . When the baby is in the seat it is like he is baking in an oven . The material does not breath well at all . When the baby 's hair is wet and his back is sweaty you can only imagine why he screams most of the time we drive anywhere . Would n't you?It is also very heavy . We drive an SUV and getting it in and out takes muscle . I will say I really like how easily it snaps in and out of the base though . It is very sturdy and great quality . I feel safe knowing our child would probably be well-protected in it if we were in a collision . But being rather petite , this carseat is getting much too heavy for me to carry . I basically just take my son out and put him in the Baby Bjorn carrier , it 's much easier and he loves it . My husband who is 6 ' 4 '' thinks it is heavy also and he even struggles with it a bit now that our son is over 10 lbs.I love the Peg Perego products -LRB- our stroller , Venezia , is fabulous -RRB- but I 'd reconsider this carseat a second time around . I 'm ready to move on to another seat and our son is barely 2 months old .
 We have been using both the infant seat and it 's matching stroller now for three months and I am anxiously awaiting my 3-month old son to outgrow it ! The only positive thing I can say about this carseat is that is is definitely SAFE . However , it is much heavier than other brands and because of it 's super-thick padding , it is hard to get my 15-pound son in and out of it . He 's 25 inches long and just about reaches the edge of the seat . This carseat is also VERY heavy , and more importantly it does NOT have any fabric or anything on the handle with which to hold on . This makes it necessary to hold the carrier in the crease of your arm . I do NOT recommend this carrier . The stroller is also not one I would recommend . It is very compact , which is its only positive attribute , but it is difficult to snap-in the infant carrier to it . I will NOT be using our Peg carrier nor stroller with baby # 2 .
 We bought two of these carseats before the baby arrived . We thought we were getting the BEST for her . We were so upset when she CRIED AND CRIED every time we took her anywhere in the car ! After six weeks of this , my mother finally suggested that this carseat might just be too snug and uncomfortable for the baby . My husband bought a Graco infant seat , and our lives changed for the better ! Our baby was VERY UNCOMFORTABLE in this very snug , small carseat . Do n't spend the extra money on this when you can get a better carseat for less .
 We purchased this seat for my son because we liked the other Peg Perego products but my infant son cried every time we put him in the seat . It was impossible to keep the belts open to put him in - we had to drag the belts and buckles out from under him . He was hot and uncomfortable and hated car rides . I switched him to my older Evenflo seat and he loves it , naps in it and likes car rides . I share this with everyone I know and hope others can skip such a costly mistake .
 Do n't waste your money . This carrier is very deep and narrow which causes my baby to overheat easily and makes it very difficult to get her out of , which causes an otherwise calm baby to scream . It is also heavy and difficult to get in and out of the car . The sun guard is so short that it 's useless . The seat is so small that I 'm sure my baby will out grow it in a matter of weeks , not months . Two of my girlfriends purchased the same seat and have the same opinion . Reconsider buying this and look at Graco-they are much easier to deal with !
 I purchased this car seat that fits nicely into the Peg Prego stroller . I was extremely disappointed to see that my baby out grew the shoulder area in less than 1.5 months . He was only 12 lbs and 23 '' long when he was no longer able to fit in it . I have been using my sister 's Evenflo car seat and it is much more comfortable . I realize that safety is one of the reasons for the snug fit but if the baby can not fit in it or if he/she cries everytime you put them in it , it really does n't justify the purchase . Therefore , I have a brand new $ ... car seat in my basement that I will probably never use again .
 I really like Peg Perego products , & believe they are of good quality , but the fabric on this carseat makes the baby way too hot ! I had to have my mom make a cotton insert for it to help keep baby cool & that has made a big difference .
 We bought this carseat and matching stroller . We love the stroller . Our son is uncomfortable and hot in this carseat . We have recently purchased the Britex Marathon . Hopefully he will be more comfortable in the Britex carseat .
 Mu husband and I did a lot of research before purchasing the Pliko travel system witht the Primo Viaggio car seat . We selected the Pliko travel system because we loved the lightweight stroller , and knew Perego was top of line in quality.Our big mistake - I never tried removing the car seat from the car base before making our purchase . The release mechanism on this seat is probably the worst design in the history of car seats . If you have small hands like I do , you will be unable to remove the seat from the base without tremendous difficulty . I was completely exhasperated after 30 minutes of trying ! We returned the travel system , and were so frustrated that we gave up on Perego , and are now in the process of looking at other brands . My advice - try the release before you buy !!!
 MY DAUGHTER IS ONLY THREE MONTHS OLD AND BARELY HAS ROOM IN THERE . SHE CA N'T STRETCH AND SCREAMS . SHE ALWAYS SWEATS IN HER SEAT . WE WENT TO BUY A BIGGER CONVERTABLE SEAT BUT SHE WAS SWIMMING IN THAT ONE . I WO N'T BUY ANOTHER INFANT CARSEAT , THIS WAS PRICEY AS IS . PLUS A PAIN TO SNAP OUT OF THE BASE BECAUSE YOU HAVE TO HAVE A BASE . BEST BET LOOK INTO OTHERS AND HAVE A FEW BUCKS . I LOVE PEREGO STUFF BUT THIS IS HORRIBLE !
 I chose Peg Perego because I wanted the best for my first baby . Plus it was the only brand that had descent colors . I did n't want navy plaid . What a waste of money . The seat is very heavy and the base is very difficult to install . If tightening the baby in while the seats already in the car the plastic around the release button pops off every time . I bought the Atlantico , Peg Perego stroller to go with the carseat , also very disappointing . The way the straps are designed with a piece of plastic that hooks them to the back of the stroller seat is a total design flaw . Now that my baby is 3 months old and can sit up the plastic stabs her in the back of the head . All Peg Perego strollers have the same strap design . I would get rid of the stroller and buy some other kind if I did n't pain nearly $ $ $ for it !!!
 This is not a good infant seat , very small . My 3 month has already grown out of it at 1 month -LRB- 13 lbs -RRB- It 's not worth the price . I was expecting to use at least a few months . The material is the worst , baby gets SO HOT !!!!!!! and very fussy . The shade is very small does not cover at all . The straps are useless , once you get the straps over baby , poor kid ca n't even move . Do n't even look at this one , it is so not worth the money ...
 -LRB- 1 -RRB- My newborn baby was only 7 lbs when he was born and was very cramped in this chair . He will likely grow out of it by the 4th month . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Easy to intall , but very difficult to adjust . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The fabric on the cushion of the buckle just fell apart ... torn from the seam today ! -LRB- 4 -RRB- Canopy does not pull over enough to shield the baby from elements . -LRB- 5 -RRB- Harness clip very clumsy to use.My friends have the Graco Snugride -LRB- I do n't work for them -RRB- and it 's much easier to use and seem much more comfy for the baby .
 This infant car seat is very secure and probably a very safeseat . It has a nice appearance and the fabric is pretty . Itwas a wonderful fit for bringing home my 6lb 8oz grandson , butit is very heavy to use as a carrier . My grandson overheats init , and he can not move in it . He is now 3 months old andscreams constantly whenever we take him out in the car . He isonly 13 lbs but seems to be miserable in it . Hate to put himinto a convertible seat at so young an age , but we think itwill be necessary as I can not see the $ $ for another carrier forso short a time period .
 I bought this because it matched the stroller . Do n't make the same mistake I did . There is NO COMPARISON between this and the US brands .1 -RRB- much heavier than other brands . Right after birth you will not be able to lift it with a baby weighing 8 lbs or more2 -RRB- more difficult to get out of base , especially if you have a high SUV3 -RRB- difficult to attached to stroller unless you have it aligned exactly . I was only able to do it with the baby out of the car seat because it involved such precision . This defeats the purpose of having an infant carrier4 -RRB- does n't work with Snap N Go stroller base . This was the biggest bummer because I bought the Peg Perego Milano stroller which is huge and only fits in one of our two car trunks so my intention was to use Snap N Go with the smaller car or if I needed to go somewhere where it was impractical to bring the huge stroller . Unfortunately , Primo Viaggio is not compatible with Snap N Go . It is the only brand that is incompatible5 -RRB- the seat is small compared to other brands -LRB- yet it is heavier , go figure ? -RRB- . My son outgrew the seat at six months
 We were so impressed withthe Peg Perego Pilko stroller that we registered for this infant car seat to use them as a travel system . We still love the stoller , but hate the carseat . Our son is by no means big -LRB- 3 mos and 12 pounds -RRB- and is already starting to outgrow this carseat . Whenever I put him in it he screams . The five point harness it outdated . -LRB- It 's hard to explain , but you 'll see if you compare them . Other models snap together , Peg 's straps slide into a cheap piece of plastic , which means you have to pull the straps tight over the baby 's chest to connect them . -RRB- The fabric does not breath at all . Even with the air conditioner on high he still sweats . The sun shade is worthless . It is really difficult to adjust and when you get it pulled forward it is so short I have to put him in the shade or use a blanket to cover him . It does not snap into shopping carts . It is very heavy compared to the other ones on the market . Not to mention its expensive price tag . I am purchasing the graco snug ride heatwave car seat today as well as the universal carrier . -LRB- Together the cost the same as this seat . -RRB- He rode in a friends the other day and was an angel ; did not cry when I put him in it , slept great , even woke up and smiled . If I only knew sooner ! We cant wait to use Peg Perego stroller , but this car seat was a waste of money .
 For the money this seat cost , I though I was buying the best infant car seat on the market . I was wrong . `` You get what you pay for '' does not apply to this car seat . First , my son is 2.5 months old and has outgrown the car seat already . While it will hold children up to 20 pounds , it has a very small height limit -- 26 inches . Second , the seat makes my son completely sweaty even on short 1/2 hour rides . We have to dress him in the lightest clothes , regardless of the weather so he does n't overheat in the car . Third the little plastic harness holder which is supposed to secure the child 's chest is impossible to work . When we were bringing my son home from the hospital , it took us 10 minutes just to lock in that part . After a few weeks , we simply could n't lock it and wound up leaving it unlocked when we traveled . Forth , the car seat is impossibly heavy and awkward . I 'm 5 feet and can barely manage to haul it with my son from the driveway to my house . My husband who is 6 feet 2 inches is also uncomfortable carrying it and our son is NOT that heavy -LRB- 12.5 pounds -RRB- . Overall , I am pretty disappointed with the product . I have n't tried other car seats , so I ca n't compare this one with others , but I have to believe there is something better out there . My friends who have the Greco Snug Ride seem much happier with their selection and they certainly paid a lot less !
 very disappointed in this seat - the same complaints as the other reviewers
 We bought this careseat for our first child as we received the Peg Perego Venezia stroller as a gift and thought a travel system would be a good idea . Naturally , only Peg Perego fits in Peg Perego so we were sort of stuck with getting the Viaggio.Anyway , we 've concluded that the Peg Perego products we 've purchased are definitely over rated . Our son HATED this carseat from the minute we put him in it coming home from hospital . The seat is way too deep and he was really squished . Very restrictive movement wise -LRB- were they trying to create a ` womb ' effect here ? -RRB- and heavy . Complete misery every car ride . A few weeks later , I borrowed a Graco seat from a friend and it was like night and day . Suddenly , pleasant car rides . My little guy would actually sleep in his car seat - unheard of in the Perego . Perego out , Graco in.And a side note on travel systems
 My worst decision was not buying a new car seat . The second worst decision was buying this one to begin with . Trying to buy only the best for my son , and knowing that Peg Perego products are highly rated , we opted for this seat.We could never get him comfortable in it . He cried and screamed every time he was in it . It was painful to take him anywhere . The straps were impossible to adjust . He was always hot and he outgrew it before he was 4 months old -LRB- and way before the 20 lb , 26 inch limit -RRB- . Once we got him into his Britax Roundabout convertible , I was able to go out of the house again . He actually laughed during the first trip .
 I received this off my baby shower registry . Luckily , we we 're over some really cushy carpet . The right latch -LRB- when facing forward -RRB- did NOT latch tight compared to the left one.My daughter fell out the right leg side , and hit the floor . If you own this , CHECK the strength of the left latch to the right.PLEASE just spend the extra dollar to get a carrier that has an actual locking mechanism . This thing kind of just slide latches into place and offers no real security . Please , please , please - invest in another one and if you own it check the integrity.I really ca n't stress this . Just check the strength , please ? I do n't want to read any other reviews besides mine of a baby falling from this carrier . You 'll be able to tell if its faulty by just comparing how easily the left side comes undone to the right one . If they 're both loose . . Than geez I do n't know.Good luck .
 this is a review from a father who has been using this for over 3 years on 2 children.I wish I can give 0 star ! but there is no option for one star.the shoulder padding constantly rotates and eventually the shoulder strap digs into your shoulder . THERE IS NO WAY TO STOP THIS ! . IF you do n't mind the shoulder strap digging into your shoulder and having bruises , go ahead and purchase this . otherwise STAY AWAY AS FAR AS POSSIBLE !!!!
 It is annoying that installation instructions are not included . However , their customer support is very helpful.The shims are too large for the top bracket to be installed . To be able to squeeze the bracket around the tubing with the original length shim is next to impossible . To install it , we shortened the shim by 1/3 '' . If you are able to install the bracket with the original shim , you run the risk of the nut coming out due to the stress on the plastic . Further , the idea of the nylon webbing to secure the seat makes my uncomfortable .
 No instructions were included , but found online ; they stated you merely remove screws & attach the adapter ... however , the stroller is put together entirely with rivets , requiring drilling them out . Our conclusion
 It seemed like a good idea but when I got it out of the box , I saw that it needed for me to drill holes in my stroller . I did n't want to have to drill holes into my stroller . No instructions , so that 's what I guessed needed . So , in the end , I figured out a way to convert my jogging stroller into carrying my baby 's car seat with no cost out of my pocket .
 After reading such glowing reviews , I had planned to purchase this strolller . I brought my four year old and one year old to the store and put the one year old in it . When my four year old jumped on the back , she would have completely tipped the stroller over with her baby brother inside had I not held the handles tightly . She is very average size for her age . Even the store employees were shocked . I would never buy this stroller . If our daughter ever decided to hop on it for even a brief second without me , the stroller would definitely tip over backward . One previous reviewer mentioned a good ranking from Consumer Reports . Actually , Consumer Reports gave this stroller a black circle -LRB- worst possible rating -RRB- for safety . Now I understand why .
 I would not recommend this item . I recently bought it for my 4 month old with my primary reason being the mirror . I wanted a safe mirror in the back so I could look at her when I was driving . She likes to look at this but kicks it constantly and so depending on where she kicks it - the mirror moves and I ca n't see her anymore . If your reasons for this purchase are something for baby to look at then buy it but if the mirror is your big reason avoid it - it will do nothing for you .
 The idea is cute , but it just does n't work like it should . My daughter would just kick it from side to side . It should have a better way to keep it secure to the back of the seat so it would n't move so much . I returned it and will have to try something else .
 The first time I purchased this item one of the air tubes was cracked and the bunny would not pop up . An exchange was made , however , the second time proved just as disappointing . My son loved it at first , as did I . But it took less than 2 weeks for a 4-month-old to break another air tube . I only give this item 1 star because my son loved to kick and make the animals hop into view -LRB- when it was working -RRB- . However , after the second item broke , his frustration with trying to kick the bunny into view again made him kick so hard that , like others , the entire thing would shift . Great concept , but it seems cheaply made and impossible to fix . Not recommended .
 I think that this product would be great if it was n't so poorly made . As soon as I took it out of the box it was broken . I should have returned it right away , however , instead we decided to try it just using the velcro and the thing just does NOT stay in place and even if it was not broken it still would n't have worked properly . Definitely over priced and a waste of money.It gets in the way of the infant car seat .
 This mirror constantly moves when being kicked . Not only that , I have a small car , so I often had to move the mirror toy out of the way , put my son in , then move it back . Very annoying , took it out months ago , would not recommend .
 I agree that this is a great concept , however , the mirror is way to small . It simply is n't functional for viewing your child in the back seat - especially if your child is in an rear facing infant seat because the carrier handle where you usually hang toys blocks the view of your baby 's face all together . This product defintely needs improvements .
 My 3 month old son loved this toy ! However , one of the bunnies stopped jumping within 3 days . I exchanged it for another one which broke in 2 days . How disappointing because he loved kicking them and watching them pop up ! If someone could improve on this concept I 'd buy it in a minute !
 We bought this stroller per the recommendation of a friend of ours . We have the sable color , which I see is not sold this year ... but I digress . We have been using this stroller for eight months with our eight month old and are absolutely fed up with it.My biggest complaint is the steering . The front wheels slide sideways over any smooth surface and if we 're not on a smooth surface , it feels like I am pushing the stroller into a brick wall because they do n't rotate to allow me to push the stroller forwards . I am always backing up and turning in order to get the front wheels to align so I can get where I want to go . Shopping is a joke with this stroller because I can not get it to navigate the aisles easily.The shoulder straps are attached to the back of the stroller with a little plastic tab which , really , does n't seem like the best way to keep a child 's shoulders restrained . It ends up coming out from the tab holder and my son is virtually only wearing a lap belt . This is fine now that he is able to handle a 3 point instead of a 5 point harness but when he was younger , this got on my nerves.The adult cup holder is a joke , so we took it off and my son figured out how to take the kid 's cupholder out so it does n't stay in any longer as well.Oh , and the thing folding down so that the handlebar catches the sunshade complaint is spot on . SO FRUSTRATING ! Not a big deal , really , but poor design because the sunshade prevents the handlebar from locking the folded up stroller in the folded up position most of the time.I just remembered also , that the sides of the padding in the seat area , when I used this stroller with our Graco Snugride car seat , would bunch up and prevent the car seat from sitting securely . I would have to prop the edges of the padding in the seat area underneath the arm-rests of the seat area -LRB- the parts that say Aria -RRB- before I put the car seat into the stroller seat area so that it would sit deep enough to latch onto the cup area and allow the security strap to go over the carseat snugly.If Peg Perego could fix the steering , I think I would be able to live with the rest of my complaints but the steering factor is enough for me to trash the whole 9 pound thing now that I found another stroller that steers so much easier with my 22 pound 8 month old son .
 I bought this item b/c it got great reviews , and i 'm sure it is a good item . However , the reviews said that it fits the Britax Marathon , but it does not . Perhaps it fits an earlier model , but not the latest . My point is that before purchasing this item , you should make sure that you car seat fits in it , before arriving at the airport !
 We had this for a little while in the quest for one good bag that would meet our needs . There is only one zipper down the center so it opens like a clam shell , which makes it really tough to get the seat in and out . It naturally wants to close as you push something in or pull it out , so it just made it a frustrating experience . The single strap is pretty useless , too , because there is no way to effectively carry it despite what the smiling people in the pictures look like . It hurts your back and is off balance so you need to hold the seat , which means it really does n't make it hand -LRB- s -RRB- - freeThe only reason it does n't get one star is that there are worse ones on the market .
 We used this product once which was wonderful while the strap lasted . On our way back home from vacation the strap broke in the airport before we even made it to check our luggage . The size is great , but the one over the shoulder or across the chest strap is a loss . Two shoulder straps would probably have made this bag much more efficient and durable . Maybe they will come out with a new and improved bag .
 I was hoping that I would be able to use this like a backpack , but it only had one trap -LRB- It would have worked much better if you could carry it like a backback -RRB- . It was impossible to push a stroller with two hands and keep the car seat from fall off my shoulder . If I tried to hook it on the stroller it would drag on the ground . It just made the car seat that much more bulker . Granted , if you have others to help you , it is nice to be able to pack other things in with the car seat , as there is ample space . I will be traveling alot this summer , and I wo n't use this product again .
 I see reviews that the bag fits the Marathon and reviews that say it does n't . We bought the travel bag last August and it does NOT fit our Marathon without pulling down the material on the seat and literally forcing the bag to close . We make it work but it is a pain . It is great to have the carrying strap . We have used it on three trips and only have had to check it once . However it is already showing signs of wear with holes in the bag . This is very disappointing and I am going to call the manufacturer to see if they changed bag since 08/04
 Does this cover fit the Eddie Bauer Blue Glacier Booster ? I ca n't find any descriptions of dimensions.Thank you .
 I ordered two of these to replace ones which were lost . BE FOREWARNED ! Nowhere does it say this bag is for BABY car seats only ! It will not fit regular size car seats or boosters ! It says it on the packaging once you receive it , but not on the web page.We live overseas and have always used car seat bags to save our car seats from dmage , so we do think they are great products .
 I bought two of these for a recent trip to Hawaii based on the reviews I read about how durable this bag was . We checked-in one -LRB- which held a Graco car seat & base plus some extra blankets & other soft stuff -RRB- and carried the other one onto the plane -LRB- held a Britax Marathon -RRB- . I have to say that I was very disappointed when BOTH our bags got small rips & tears -LRB- this is just after the one-way trip from California to Hawaii -RRB- . I knew that the one we checked-in was going to get tossed around a bit and that tears might occur but I did n't think that would happen based on this bag 's numerous good reviews . But I was certainly surprised when the one we carried onto the plane got small rips and tears too -LRB- and we DID N'T toss it around or handle it roughly -RRB- . The bag is just big enough to hold the Britax carseat with extra room for some blankets/jackets . It is a bit heavy and cumbersome to carry . Luckily the bags held together for the return trip home without the small rips getting bigger . Now I have two damaged bags that I probably wo n't use again for its original intended purpose . Not a complete waste of money -LRB- since we did get the car seats there and back in one piece -RRB- but I am definitely not satisfied at all with the quality .
 I bought this travel bag with the expectation that I would be able to use it for many trips to come and was very disappointed that it did n't last even one trip . I flew one way and when I retrieved my bag it was torn on the bottom and top . The bag can not be used again .
 I am an American living in Europe and travel quite often . My Eddie Bauer Car Seat travel bag was somewhat helpful , but without wheels , it is difficult to carry while towing a child and all your luggage . In fact I only used it once and the bottom has become quite frayed .
 It is a very colorful mobile . My baby loves to look at it but the arm swivels easily and had bumped the baby on the head . The pieces also fall off easily . If you remove the colorful animals from the snakes , it is safer .
 This product is horrible . I have never written a review of a product but I feel very strongly -LSB- about this -RSB- ! I bought because it was so cute and I thought my daughter would love it and she did until it fell on her head . It does n't attach well to the tub or the infant tub . Do n't waste your money . ...
 I thought this would be fun for my baby to play with . The suction cup does n't work very well , the toys fall off , and the flower part is way too low and she hits her head on it constantly ! I bought some rubber duckies , and those seem to be entertaining her just fine ! I 'm returning this today to buy something more useful . Maybe tot locks ...
 I thought what a cute idea . I thought diffrent once we got it and set it up . It falls apart SO easy . The toys are ok alone but the mobile part is terrible .
 it is a really cute toy ; in the box . the toys do n't fit on the little worms to hang . my son kept pulling it off the side of the tub . so we just gave him all the little toys to play with . he ate the frog and the whole mouth split open from the little squirt hole . do n't waste your money .
 I bought this toy because I thought it would give my 4 month old daughter something to look at while she is in the bathtub . It comes with a large suction cup that you use to attach the mobile to the side of the tub . I put the mobile up and pulled on it to make sure it was going to stay . We put my daughter in the tub and two minutes later it came crashing down on her . I do not recommend this product , there is no way of making sure it is going to stay .
 I bought this toy because I thought it would give my 4 month old something to look at while she is in the bathtub . It comes with a large suction cup that you use to attach the mobile to the side of the tub . I put the mobile up and pulled on it to make sure it was going to stay . We put my daughter in the tub and two minutes later it came crashing down on her . I do not recommend this product , there is no way of making sure it is going to stay .
 I invested in this swing because my daughter loved the -LRB- very -RRB- used Fisher Price ` take along swing ' someone gave us . I thought the Eddie Bauer full sized swing would be better & something she would n't outgrow as fast . I 'm diappointed with this swing . My daughter liked it OK , and napped in it almost daily for a few months . It was n't swinging well until I discovered that the legs have to 100 % spread apart or else the motion is very gentle -LRB- barely swinging -RRB- . Even if the legs look as though they 're 100 % spread apart , they might not be . If you use the vibrating seat function and forget to turn it off , the batteries run out ! And the screwed in battery compartment is UNDERNEATH the seat - not easy to get to !! And the mobile is a useless ornament . It does n't wind up nor is it battery operated . Our swing broke after less than 6 months of use , not sure if it can be fixed or what happened . Does n't swing anymore . It was one of the few things I bought brand new for my daughter & I 'm disappointed we wo n't be able to use it if we have a 2nd child ...
 This is the first electric swing out on the market so my expectations should not have been high but for $ 80 I thought it might be ok . 1 . This swing should have been a manual swing because the 6 speeds claim is really just one speed - too fast and too high . 2 . The reclining seat is also problematic - it does n't recline nearly enough for an infant to use comfortably . So the speed of the swing coupled with the seat angle would make my baby 's head loll back and forth . I still use this swing but without plugging it in . I just push it gently myself and I keep a snuzzler headrest to keep my baby 's head steady . 3 . Finally , one minor complaint . The animal mobile is cute - my baby loves to stare at the animals but she has to crane her head up to look at them . The mobile arm is right above the seat and needs to be out further in front . I tried to contact Amazon and Fisher Price regarding these issues but with little luck . I hope the next generation of electric swings will consider these issues .
 I bought this swing thinking that it would be great . It was n't ! If you baby like to move at a faster speed than do NOT buy this item ! The swing is great and so is the mobile but the battery powered swing does a much better job as far as speed and swinging go . Just me but I will watch what I buy next time because to me this is not worth paying the `` new '' price , better to get it `` used '' . Thanks .
 1 -RRB- It arrived more orange than the picture shows .2 -RRB- The product description said that it fits most Kettler highchairs . The pad was much too big for our Kettler Futura highchair . It hung off of the seat where our child 's feet could not use the foot rest .3 -RRB- There were no straps to attach it to the chair .4 -RRB- Feels like a patio chair cushion -LRB- the cheaper kind -RRB- . Not that soft , but I suppose that 's good for wiping off messes ?
 I have two toy breeds and one has difficulty getting through the door . The small size may work well for cats but only the smallest dogs can use it .
 Unfortunately I purchased this item and fitted it after some difficulty . I have smaller , vinyl door . No matter what you try the doorlock will not function with the given hardware . Even more disappointing was the poor quality of the door itself . The plastic insert was too small to block the entry hole when inserted and our dog just knocked it out of the hole and ran straight through it as if it was not there . I eventually had to package it up and return it , itself no small task . The Customer Service guy was very nice and helpful , but no hint of an apology for the trouble I had to go to .
 If you can put a through the wall dog door than I would do that . This is just not a great product . The instructions are lacking . And with the many different types of sliding glass door this may or may not fit well on your door . For the price the materials are not up to par . The black rubber flap to keep out the draft stayed on for about 3 days . After than nothing would keep in stuck to the dog door . If you need something right away this is an ok stop gap but I would not buy it again .
 We used this carrier for about five months before the snaps gave out ! Fortunately the problem began when we tried putting our daughter in it and it did n't happen when she was already in it . She only weighed 16 pounds and the carrier was not overused . Maybe we just got a bad one !
 The bag looks nice from the outside and fits Dr. Brown 's tall 8 oz . bottles perfectly . But after 3 months of medium usage , the inside lining split on one side . I tried to super glue it , which worked for a couple weeks but then it split apart again . Then the other side split apart after about 5 months . Not very sturdy . Also , you need a second ice pack in order for the formula to stay cold enough.I wish Dr. Brown 's would come up with a better quality , longer-lasting bag -- I would be willing to pay more if they could come up with something that lasts longer than 3 months .
 I chose this bassinet only because it is so beautiful ! But I chose it for the wrong reason . This bassinet has a rocking feature but you must rock it your self , which can become extremely tiring . The music feature is hilarious ... I never play it for my son . It is also extremely inconvenient at night to pick up the baby from the bed ... I should have purchased a co-sleeper .
 This bassinet looks great , but is totally unsafe . I wake up every night with my son having moved to the side of the bassinet with his face burried or almost burried in the side . We have the rocker locks on and they do not prevent the cradle from rocking at all , so when he is in there it tilts to either side with barely any force . I am very displeased that this expensive bassinet would have such a dangerous and faulty feature ! My son is only 3 weeks old and almost manages to turn over on his own when he is in the bassinet . If you want the security of knowing your baby is safe while you sleep ... DO N'T BUY THIS BASSINET !
 When I first saw this bassinet , I loved the style and color so much that I could n't wait to get it . I quickly assembled it so it would be ready for baby when he was born . Unfortunately I was so dissappointed with this purchase and regretted throwing the box away . First of all , I agree with the other customers who felt that this was a dangerous product . Even in the locked position , the bassinet still moves ! My newborn would find himself on one side and stuck there because of gravity . Sometimes his face would get right up to the side fabric with all of his weight leaning against it because the bassinet just wo n't stay level . This scared me so much that I could n't sleep even though he was sleeping because I was afraid of SIDS . I do n't understand how other parents could not have a problem with the bassinet moving while baby is asleep . The music also sounds horrible and a little out of tune . There is a thin piece of wood and a little pad that serves as the baby 's bed . This and being unstable and makes this a very unsatisfactory place for a baby to sleep .
 As a new mom I wanted to have a pretty bassinett for my little girl . This one was just that ... pretty . That 's about it . The pad is very thin and there is only one sheet and it is not very soft . If you have a child like mine who spits up in the night you will be washing this everyday . I also had a problem with the bassinett rocking even when it was locked . My baby would end up smushed against the side if she moved even a little bit . Not only was that scary but she did n't get any solid sleep because everytime se rolled to the side it woke her up . We have since brought our pack and play upstairs for her to use instead and she loves it . Save your money .
 I wanted to warn people about the lack of reinforcements this cradle has at it 's joints or stress points . I was pushing the cradle down the hall and the minute the front wheels hit the area rug , it stopped dead in its tracks and I heard a loud crack . Upon inspection of the under side where the legs are joined together , the stress points had cracked the screws right out of the wood . Did I mention that the cradle was empty and I was barely pushing at all ?? You would think this cradle would be able to go up and over a small bump , such as the front edge of an area rug , without virtually collapsing in front of my eyes . If my baby were in there , his weight could have caused the whole thing to fall to pieces . I mean look at the design , the cradle is top heavy with all the pressure put on a few poorly designed joints down below . If they would have just added cross support pieces half way up the legs , this would have been a great cradle to have . Now mine is sitting in the trash . Who cares if something looks nice , it matters more how SAFE it is .
 I am a new mom and of course wanted the best for my daughter . I thought the Eddie Bauer Bassinet looked great . I just had to have it . Me and my husband had to go to 2 different stores to get this finally . They were sold out at the first store . We brought it home and unfortunatly my little one did not like sleeping in anything except her swing . Finally at the age of 2 months she decided it was right for her . I loved it and so did she . I was a happy mommy !!! . Whew i acomplished something . I have 2 major complaints . The music box is terrible , it is very disorted and sounds awful . Its not very relaxing . The other major complaint is i would rock her to sleep . I would do this for about 2 mins . Everytime i did the screws fell out !!!!!!!! . My husband would have to put them back in . One night i was rocking her and heard a loud pop from the screws i thought the whole thing was coming down . I had enough and took her out of it . We took the bassinet back to babies r us and think goodness we got our money back . I seen there were other reviews reference the same problem . VERY DANGEROUS ITEM . THIS NEEDS TO BE RECALLED . IVE CONTACTED COSCO AND REPORTED IT TO THEM . THEY SAID THEY WOULD CALL BACK IVE HEARD NOTHING . ! 1800-544-1108 . PARENTS PLEASE BE CAREFUL
 I bought this bassinet 3 days ago for my newborn son . Being a first time buyer and , thus inexperienced , I bought this product without doing the necessary research I should have . -LRB- Basically meaning I bought this product because I liked how it looked , I like a number of features and I thought that the Eddie Bauer name would mean that it is high quality -RRB- . I will be returning this product.I am very concerned about the fact that when the locking mechanism is in place the bassinet still tilts to the right or left . In my case my son has ended up with his face in the bedding on the sides . This is a very big concern to my wife and I for suffocation/SIDS . I have read almost all of the reviews that were submitted on this site and I would like to respond to a couple .1 . One person had mentioned that you can jerry-rig the device so it does n't move . I do n't feel that I should have to be the one to make sure the bassinet does n't move when my son does .2 . A number of individuals had mentioned they got a thicker pad . I have discussed this with a number of medical professionals and having a thiner , harder pad actual is a preventer of SIDS . Also if the pad does n't exactly fit the bassinet this can also become a big suffocation hazard .3 . One person had mentioned rolling up recieving blankets and proping them against the side of their baby . Being that I recently left the hospital with my newborn son the nurses and all the doctors had said that laying a newborn on there side with a rolled up blanket is a big no no . Our pediatrition told us just think of the phrase `` Back to Sleep '' . In other words sleeping on the back is the safest.Please think about these things as you are making your decision and reading the reviews of others . When I hear that others are buying mattresses that kinda fit right on the Eddie Bauer Bassinet it says `` Warning do not use any non manufacturer parts '' it makes me wonder how crediable is there 4 or 5 star review.The locking mechanism is a serious defect !! Think of it this way . If I had the opportunity to drive a brand new Lamborgini , Mustang , Corvette -LRB- whatever your dream car may be -RRB- , it may look great but if the engine has a defect that causes fires I am not going to drive it .
 We bought this bassinet because we really liked the way it looked and it had excellent reviews . We did not realize that the cradle portion still rocked a good two inches to each side -LRB- when in the locked position -RRB- until we brought our daughter home from the hospital . She likes to roll onto her side and the first night that we put her in it , the fact that she moved to her side put it off balance and she rolled face first into the side of the bassinet . We returned the bassinet to the store and they accepted it back once we explained what had happened . This bassinet may be cute but it is not safe ... especially if your newborn is very active .
 I loved this design because it matched our furniture , was sweet looking , but not girly , and was made well . The day we brought our son home , he would sleep anywhere but the bassinet . He 'd sleep on the changing table of the pack-n-play with no trouble , but the bassinet would send him into hysterics . I think the fact that it never fully locked , and would continue to shift made him uneasy . As others have mentioned , cleaning this is a real pain . I have not even been able to figure out how to remove the fabric on the canopy to clean . My baby spent his 1st 3 months sleeping in his Papasan instead of the bassinet .
 We were expected our third baby , our ` last baby ' when we bought this bassinet . My husband actually picked this one out beacause the wording on the package does imply that it will rock or vibrate in such a way that a soothing motion is produced like rocking . I figured it would be comparable to those vibrating bouncy seats our other babies loved.The rocking is parent powered.The music box does n't work properly . The sound is not great but what kid toy is . I actually used the music to soothe the baby during his three hour nightly colic crying fits as I bounced , rocked , walked him . It turns off after 10 minutes , you then have to switch it to the off position , wait several minutes then turn it on again . Turning it on too quickly does n't work . So we sit there and do the on , off , on , off , on , off dance . All the while baby is screaming for his music.The padding was so thin and I was too afraid to use another even , only comes with one sheet -LRB- a pillow case cut down and sewn to size will work if you sew , or iron on adhesive -RRB- . The wood although pretty , is very soft and easily dented . Ours even had a few cracks in it before assembly.Even when locked the bassinet tends to tip to one side if your baby wiggles or turns to his side . When our baby was a week old I put him in his bassinet , he turned on his side and then the bassinet tipped and he was nearly on his tummy with his face against the padded sides . I freaked out . We started putting rolled receiving blankets at his sides to keep him from wiggling.It is defintly a beautiful piece of furniture but a bassinet is more ` disposible ' . Save your money buy a consignment shop bassinet of a cheaper one new . Spend the money on a really good convertible car seat -LRB- where safety costs a pretty penny but is worth it -RRB- that your baby can use untill he is 40 pounds -LRB- 4 years old -RRB- . Or a vibrating bouncy chair , that 's where the baby will sleep any way !! Even a real rocking chair ! Or start a college saving account.Our crib was $ 10 less than this bassinet , car seat $ 40 more , What were we thinking .
 I bought this bassinet because I liked the way it looked . Like the other reviewers have said the music is HORRIBLE and yes , it rocks , as long as you are rocking it . Also , the matteress pad is VERY thin and standard bassinet pads do not fit in this bassinet.It is also very small . If you have a large baby , I do n't think they will fit in it for 4 months.I had no problem ordering extra sheets from the company but really , it would be nice if they would include extra sheets with the bassinet from the beginning.With all that is wrong with this bassinet , I still like it well enough and kept it around for baby number 2 .
 My mother bought this bassinet for us 4 months prior to my due date . When I assembled it , I noticed a piece of hardware missing . So I called customer service to get the missing part . They said they would have to send a whole new hardware pack and they were out of stock and would take 2-4 weeks . That was 6 weeks ago , and my baby is due in 1 week . I also ordered replacement sheets and they also were on backorder ; I still have not received them after a month or more , and so I only have one sheet that I can use for the bassinet when my baby comes home from the hospital . It does NOT take standard bassinet sheets or crib sheets . I would not buy this product again because of these inconveniences !
 I got this bassinet as a shower gift , and am I glad I did.My daughter loves sleeping in it and it 's the right height for me to see her from my bed . She was born premature and has acid reflux which causes her to choke on spit up , so I like the fact I can roll it into whatever room I 'm in to keep an eye on her.I would definitely recommend this one .
 PARENTS BEWARE . I DISCOVERED BED BUGS DEVELOPING IN THE BEDDING OF THE BASSINET WHEN I CALLED BABIES R US THEY WAS NOT SUPRISED I WAS TOLD IT WAS A COMMON PROBLEM.I WAS ALSO TOLD THAT IT WAS NOTHING THEY COULD DO I HAVE TO CALL THE COMPANY BECAUSE IT COMES FROM THE WAREHOUSE WHERE THE BASSINET WAS SHIPPED FROM.I AM SO UNHAPPY ABOUT THIS SITUATION THE ONLY THING IM BEING TOLD IS THEY CAN SEND ME A REPLACEMENT BEDDING WHY WOULD I WANT REPLACEMENT BEDDING .
 I had choosen this bassinet because it was neutral and not too `` babyish '' . It is cute to look at but thats about it . It does not rock automatically , so twisting in bed trying to rock it back and forth was torture -LRB- esp . if you had a c-sec -RRB- . We had our baby swaddled alot in the beginning and she would roll to one side with her face smooshed against the padding . She would also freak when she was on her back and it would rock slightly-even though it was locked -LRB- I think she felt like she was falling-very common w/newborns -RRB- also , the music is super distorted and scratchy.Save your money !!!
 My sister was the recipient of the this bassinet . One day she saw a bug on the bedding . When she killed the bug alot of blood came out . When she lifted up the mattress she found a nest of bugs hiddden in the crevices of the bassinet . We had no idea that sleeping in the bassinet with my niece were bedbugs.We called BabiesRus and they were not suprised . They said that the bedbugs probally got into the shipping from the manufactuer . She asked for a refund and was told to call Eddie Bauer . Eddie Bauer said they would replace the bedding . Why would anyone in their right mind want a replacement?I just wanted the parents to be aware . Bedbugs do in fact bite . They feed off of blood . So be careful . Be very very careful .
 I picked this bassinet for all the wrong reasons . It was pretty and looked sturdy . My daughter hated sleeping in it . I could never find sheets that fit it and the music stopped playing after a day .
 We purchased the bassinet a 3 weeks prior to our baby 's arrival . When we put the bassinet together we realized that it was missing a lock to keep the bassinet from rocking . Babies R us told us to contact the manufacturer for the part . The manufacturer said that there would be a 5 week delay in getting the part to us . 3 and 1/2 months later , we still have not recieved the lock . We called 4 times and the representatives said they could not do anything about it because it was on back order . Their manual says do not use the bassinet if any parts are missing . They seemed to not care about this statement because no matter how many times I have called they have made no attempt to get me the part like they keep saying they would . I can not place my baby in the bassinet without her rolling to one side which can cause possible suffication and that is because she is only 7 lbs . Good luck if you have to deal with Babies R us or Customer Relations department for Eddie Bauer .
 My husband and I are expecting our 4th child in December . I was looking forward to adding this bassinet to our registry , but after reading the reviews , I am very concerned about this locking device which is supposed to keep it from swaying . Some of your customers were not happy with the device at all . It was mentioned as being `` unsafe '' by a nurse which resulted in the parents ' returning it to the store . I 'm wondering why has n't it been recalled if it is indeed `` unsafe '' ??? Also , what is the deal with all of the missing parts ? I certainly do n't want to go through that . Overall , it seems like the majority loved it , however , I 'm still too nervous about getting it under those conditions .
 We fell in love with this bassinet the miniute we saw it . It 's beautiful natural wood and mello colors ... and lets face it , it 's eddie bauer , it has to be quality ! WRONG!My son hates this . The pad is so thin , I 'm not sure why they even bother with it . The music option it awful . It sounds like when you have a blown speaker in your car but still turn up the radio as loud as it goes -LRB- or am I the only one who does that ? -RRB- You have to rock it yourself . And locking it in place does n't completely lock it , it still moves a bit.I finaly went out and got a different one and now my son sleeps a lot better -LRB- we are still working on getting a full night of sleep ! -RRB- I know that it 's beautful , but consider a different option !
 Like many of the reviewers , I too fell for the beautiful style of this bassinet . Note that many of the reviews are from people that have not actually USED this bassinet yet ... only have it assembled and ready for baby 's arrival.Here 's the problem
 I was not going to purchase this bassinet after reading the poor customer reviews but ended up receiving it as a gift . I put it toghether and all was going well until the very end . One of the wooden ends was split in two . I called the manufacturer to have a replacement part sent to me . They informed me that this particular piece could not be replaced - they would have to send me an entirely new bassinet . Fine . But first they would have to send me paperwork to fill out to prove that the bassinet was in fact in unusable condition . Then I had to take it completely apart and ship it back to the company before they would send me a replacement !!! I had a fit and told them this was inexcusable and I would not go to such lengths for THEIR faulty product . I am still waiting and it 's been weeks . Baby is almost here now so I probably wo n't get to use it and will end up with a broken bassinet . STAY AWAY FROM THIS `` B '' IS FOR BEAR LINE !
 We purchased this bassinett because I wanted something that was simple but a little more than a thin piece of fiber board for a bottom . I agree with the other reviewers . This bassinett does not truly ` lock ' in place and will still move a little . My baby did not like the rocking motion at all and we never used it . We had to purchase another mattress pad to put over the less than one inch , lightweight pad it comes with . We also used the ` snuggle nest ' with it which gave her additional padding . When we took the snuggle nest out , the make-shift pad did not really fit snugly and we had to use changing pad covers - which our baby did not find too comfortable . So , we stopped using it.The bassinett does not roll very well on carpet and as a result the wood frame is now wobbly . I did not push it more than 20 or 30 times on the carpet.It 's fairly extensive to put together . My husband used to work in a furniture store in college , is an engineer and it took him a few hours . So , let me tell you , it was assembled perfectly!So , keep looking around - although the choices in this category are somewhat limited . I never tried to sleep her in the pack and play , and it seems other people have but wish I had tried . It came with a bassinett feature . I just was never impressed with those mattress pads either .
 We agree with the prior reviewers that this bassinet does not lock . If you have a wiggly baby , like ours , your baby will end up crammed against the side and screaming . We borrowed this bassinet from friends and their baby also refused to sleep in it .
 Besides the fact that it is too small , if your baby moves around a lot she wont get a comfortable night sleep . If you are going to have your baby sleep in your room for several months , just buy a pack and play the best one without question is the one by graco that costs 59.99 -LRB- Newport Bears -RRB- , do n't waste your money on anything else .
 I gave this bassinet a 1 star rating since the customer service at the company who manufactures this bassnet is simply horrible . I ordered sheets to fit the mattress 4 MONTHS AGO . they originally told me it would take 2-4 weeks . It is just outrageous . They keep telling me they will be here is about 1 week . Of course , this was many months ago . I keep calling and they have no explanation . Do n't buy this product because the customer service is terrible . the number is 1-800-544-1198 . Call and see for yourself .
 We loved the style and functionality of this bassinette ! The underneath shelf held a small trash can , diapers , wipes , a change of clothes , extra sheets ... everything you need for middle of the night changes without leaving the room . Unfortunately , we returned the bassinette because the locking mechanism for the rocker did not completely immobilize the bed . This created 2 serious problems ... 1 . Because the locking mechanism did n't lock the bed in place the bed shifted at the slightest movement which provoked the startle reflex in our little girl ... I finally discovered this after about 2 sleepless weeks and then sitting up to watch her to find out why she was screaming after we put her down sound asleep . 2 . Our daughter rolled from back to side from day one home , and the first night we put her to sleep in it that she actually slept , I woke up in the middle of the night to find her face against the side because the bed shifted with her weight even though it was the locking mechanism was on.Bottom line - If the company would improve the locking mechanism , this would be a great purchase .
 The bassinet does not lock into place and my baby always rolls to one side and is flush against the side of the bassinet with her face against the padding . Due to gravity and her still being so small she is unable to push herself back . This scares me to death for fear that she will suffocate and as a result i am unable to sleep and constantly waking up to check on her . For first time moms , this bassinet looks nice but is extremely dangerous . Please do not buy it . You will regret it .
 I chose this item and selected to be on my register . I received this bassinet for my newborn son three weeks after he was born . It was not mentioned in the description that shipping will take such a long time . In addition , when I set all the parts for bassinet to be built all the screws were missing . I called the manufacturer right away . They promised me that the screws will be here in 7-10 business days . My son is eight weeks now and I still have not recieved any screws . After speaking to manufacturer sales department I was told that the screws were backordered and that I will take another 10-14 days to received them . Hmmmm ... At that time my son will be three months old and I will not be able to put him into bassinet for safety reasons ...
 The bassinet has a faulty design and the top 2 screws supporting the bassinet often come loose with movement and fall into the basinett , which can result in serious injuries to the baby . We are not quite sure if the whole thing can just collapse -LRB- with the baby in it -RRB- when the screws become loose , but we are not about to find out.After finding the screws in the bassinet a couple of times , we went out and bought another by a more responsible manufacturer .
 Neither my neice , nephew , or daughter would sleep in this bassinet . They would all sleep anywhere , anytime , EXCEPT in the Eddie Bauer bassinet . Other cons
 I bought this bassinet and had to return it because my daughter weighed over 9lbs at birth and her weight caused it to rock . This resulted in her face being up against the slats . We feared she would suffocate and had to be constantly moving her from against the sides . She got black and blue bruises on her cheeks from pressing her face against the sides .
 This bassinet ... does n't rock , the screws fall out . . it is unsafe ... especially with little toddlers around , when they try to peek in at the baby the whole bassinets swings ... NOT WORTH 2 CENTS -LRB- let alone $ 130.00 -RRB-
 This was the first time I heard my baby 's `` Ouch ! I really hurt myself '' cry
 I bought this for my newborn as he was n't quite ready for his crib when we first brought him home . I was attracted to the style and figured it would be decent because of the `` Eddie Bauer '' name.I am thoroughly disappointed in the quality of this item . First off , the assembly was missing two screws that hold the `` music '' in place ... and the music is AWFUL ! It sounds like it has a short and is very basic.Also , once the bassinet was assembled , I found parts unsafe ! The screws that hold the bassinet in place would loosen almost to the point of falling out when rocked . If you over-tighten , the bassinet wo n't rock . And , the wheels ... If you move the unit , make sure the wheels are still locked in place before you put baby in it . I found them falling out several times after moving the unit from one place to another . They should have longer stems.I would seriously recommend buying a different item - this is n't worth the cardboard it 's packed in let alone $ 129 ! If my newborn ever takes a nap , I hope to dismantle it and return it to Babies R Us . TWO THUMBS DOWN !
 All I have to say is do n't waste your money our babykept rolling in it and the music was annoying . Noow we use it to store his clothes .
 My sister purchased the bassinet for my son when he was newborn . I found him , more than once , in the middle of the night , having rolled into the corner of the bassinet with the cradle on a tilt and his face buried between the `` mattress '' which is not much of a mattress , and the side of the bassinet.Then I found that the screws that keep the bassinet attached to the frame unscrew after rocking for a while . More than once I have found the screws in the bassinet , which is a choking hazard , but the bassinet was also completely detached from the frame creating a fall hazard.This is a beautiful piece of baby furniture , but not worth the safety risks !
 Had originally registered for this bassinet because it looked beautiful and functional . It has the extra storage underneath , it rocks and has wheels for easy movement . The other reviewers pointed out some significant details that we took into account and which we went back to the store to rethink this purchase . Sure enough , the crib part was n't as safe and stable as it should be . It had a potential to slightly rock , which for the price and its intended purpose , our last wish was to modify it at home.It is also made of widely spaced steel bars , and was rather small as well when compared to other types of slider bassinets , one of which we decided to purchase instead.We finally decided on the DONDOLA CRADLE made by C & T INTERNATIONAL INC. . This is a slider type bassinet which overall is larger and much more stable . And I must say , after using Dondola cradle for a few months it has been a much better purchase.After reading all the reviews and understanding the general consensus , I can actually say that parents who purchased this product and gave their honest opinions in good faith actually helped us make a better decision . For those of you who do buy this bassinet , and it works for you , I sincerely hope you and your baby enjoy it.Either way ... Best wishes!Update 7/30/05 - Three months have gone by and we are sincerely pleased that we did not purchase this bassinet and concede to some of the disingenuous positive reviews that it was given . Having heard other reviewers who expressed dissatisfaction regarding both its ' size -LRB- baby outgrew it after only three months -RRB- and its instability -LRB- baby always rolled to one side -RRB- have left us relieved . We are completely satisified with our Dondola Cradle by C&T ; industries . Baby has been in it three months -LRB- at 16lbs and 25 inches -RRB- and will be in it comfortably for three months more . Unfortunately this bassinet mimicks some other Eddie Bauer products which are cute and made of strong materials but poorly constructed and of an infereior design .
 OK ... . Little babies have fits anywhere they lay . . especially when they are hungry and with my baby she pushes her self around in a cirlcle when she has a fit . Although , she sleeps right next to our bed one night she had a fit and her head got stuck on the little itty bitty bar on the side of her bassinet and she screamed so loud it was a mothers worse nightmare . I picked her up and felt the top of her head and it was dented in and I freaked out , it ended up a bump and thank god it went away ... but if you still must buy this product after reading this I suggest you put thick cardboard in between the bar and the fabric.Ohh ya and to other reviews my baby was only 2 -LRB- two -RRB- months old when it happened and 21 that 's -LRB- twenty-one inches -RRB- when it happened . My baby it just a very active baby . -LRB- smile -RRB- Keep your rude comments about other 's babies to yourself . Thank you .
 First of all , this bassinet is beautiful . I love that it is wood because I was planning on keeping it for later when I have another child . And the neutral colors are great . I did n't find out what I was having and this was great for a boy or girl . Second , the storage area on the bottom is very convenient . I keep diapers and things for nighttime changes , as well as a blanket , socks , etc. under there and it is nice . However , that is the only good thing about this bassinet . For the price , I expect much more . I put brand new batteries in this bassinet and the music sounds like the batteries are dying . So I changed batteries and it still sounded the same . Not to mention , when the music starts it is like there is not intro to the music . It is like it starts in the middle of a word or something . In addition , the description is very misleading in that it says musical rocking bassinet . I take this to mean , like many others , that there is a mechanical feature that rocks this bassinet . Nope . You have to sit up in the middle of the night and do it yourself . If a swing can do it on its own , and you are paying so much for this , why is that feature not installed ? Then , when the baby finally falls asleep , you have to lock it in place . Well , those locks make a loud clicking sound so if your baby is not in it 's deepest sleep yet , you have just done all of that for nothing . Not to mention , even when you `` lock '' it in place , it still moves enough from side to side to make the baby be on one side rather than in the middle . Also , the pad is very thin and hard . I had to put a bed pillow inside and then a blanket at the end to make up for the extra room in order for my baby to sleep in it . With this product , you are definitely paying for the name . Of all the things that I have purchased for my baby , I am least impressed with this one .
 I chose this bassinet b/c I liked a -RRB- the design -LRB- not too frilly , but still sweet -RRB- , and b -RRB- the rocking option . I have been dissappointed with it . First , it does not rock automatically ... you must push it . Second , the sheets situation is a problem . I ordered them -LRB- over the phone -RRB- six weeks before my baby was born . My baby is now FOUR MONTHS , and they still have n't arrived !!! Third , unless you want to train your baby to be tone-deaf , you will not want to use the music option . It sounds absolutely horrible . Very cheap . The music is distorted and out of tune .
 We bought this item in April , before our child was born . We loved the look , the wood , the lack of `` frill '' etc. . We were so excited to bring our child home to his new bassinet . After one of his first few nights in the bassinet we noticed that he always ended up sleeping on one side of the bassinet . If he were to move , it would rock to one side and he would `` roll '' under the force of gravity to one side . As he was not old enough to roll over on his own yet , he stayed in that position as he could not overcome the angle . Mind you , this did not prevent him from sleeping , in fact he was a great sleeper . The sleeping on an angle all relates back to problems with the locking mechanism you have seen mentioned in other posts . While maybe we should have been concerned about suffocation as other parents have mentioned , that idea never crossed my mind . I wish those posts had been up when this was happening to us . Nevertheless , we let him continue to sleep in the bassinet - at that angle . In hindsight , this was completely stupid . At his doctor appointment at age 2 months he was diagnosed with plagiocephaly - a flattening of the head - due to sleeping in the same position every night . Immediately we got rid of the bassinet . Our son was prescribed 8 weeks of physical therapy for torticollis - a stiffness in the neck . Fortunately , after the removal of the bassinet and the therapy , he made miraculous progress overcoming the torticollis . However , although our son had not slept in the bassinet for three months , and had been through extensive repositioning techniques , at age 5 months it was determined that his flat spot was not improving and he has since worn a helmet or band on his head in hopes that his flat spot goes away -LRB- see orthomerica.com - STAR Cranial Remolding Orthotics -RRB- . It is anticipated that for the next 4 months he will wear his special headgear 23 hours a day with frequent doctor visits . So , please do not purchase this item . If you have it , return it . The failure of the locking device to hold , and the lack of warnings of sleeping on an angle like the one created in this product is dangerous for our babies .
 My husband bought this because it matched our room but other than looking good , it is not worth the money . It does not rock by itself . The one and only sheet it comes with is more like vinal than cloth and the music is horrible . When I tried to contact their customer service with questions I could n't get ahold of anyone . My suggestion is that you find a different bedding option .
 I thought that this would have been a rocker that rocks itself , and it is not . This is too small , so you would not get too much use out of it . You are better off getting the pack and play . I used this for around 4 wks if that long , and had to put the baby in the bed until i got the pack and play . Totally waste of money .
 I loved the look of this bassinet at first sight . Having my first baby I wanted something that looked good and would last through another pregnancy . The under storage basket is great !!! That 's about the only thing . The `` Rocking '' bassinet does n't rock unless you stand there and rock it yourself . The music is not the best . Worst of all is the durability of the bassinet . Pushing the bassinet from room to room really wore on the wood . We had to tighten the bolts several times within the first month . I was so disappointed with this item that we only used it for the first month . Get the Travel Lite Crib by Graco - it 's much better and you will get much more use out of it !
 Product claims to work for doorframes at least 28 '' wide . However , upon attempting to install this gate in my 28 '' kitchen door , it very quickly became clear there was no way it was going to fit . Very disappointing and a big time waster
 Please think twice before purchasing this as any type of baby bedding if it is not covered in polyethylene . Sheepskin has a direct link to SIDS/Cot death , it gives off toxic nerve gases -LRB- phosphorines , arsines and stibines -RRB- . Do a little research into the issue at least before purchasing this or any skeepskin product for your baby . Yes , it 's soft and luxurious , but is that worth the life of your child ?
 I could n't agree more with the previous review . We love the the chair , but are $ 45 for a replacement pad . Are you kidding me . It took us forever to find a replacement , and the pad is not durable at all . Ours is ripping at the seams . Update - Called Doral - the manufacturer , they sell replacement pads for $ 10 plus shipping . They now have vinyl pad as well . Problem solved .
 The screws that attach legs went thru the seat bottom and ruined the rocker . Hex screws are also hard to screw in and the heads stripped out . My last time buying furnitue unseen .
 We just needed a simple gate for our kitchen and thought this would be good . As soon as we got it we put it up . The gate is very cheaply built and not sturdy at all . Also the metal fasteners top that allow the gate to expand do not lay flush with the railing when in place . There is a lot of wiggle room that your child 's finders can get caught in . Mine got caught in it while putting it up . I do not recommend this gate . Do not buy . We instead spent a little more and got the fabric gate . I highly recommend these .
 Decent item for light duty use . Has a little lever action to ensure a tight fit .
 Do n't even waste your time buying this cheap gate . I got it for my toddler ... stuff was falling off time we got it out of the box . It was so hard to put up ... once up ... it would n't stay up ... the slightest touch ... made it fall down ... just plain waste of money . Very disappointed ... I threw it in the trash ... real fast ... it was n't even worth it to send back in the huge box that it was shipped in . . : -LRB-
 The gates I purchased fall apart very easily and it is very hard to get them on track and together again . But they do prevent a small dog or a small child from climbing over them , due to the way that they are made , which is why I purchased them to start with . I ca n't say that I recommend them though , because of them falling apart so easily .
 This gate does not lock in place in any of the standard doorway sizes . Even if it did , it feels very flimsy . Not recommended for any use in any setting . Avoid at all costs .
 My husband and I purchased this product in order to confine our small puppy when we need to leave her alone/unsupervised in the house . Unfortunately , once we unpacked the gate , it was very quickly apparent that this was not at all suitable for us.The product is flimsy and feels cheaply made and unlikely to withstand any sort of `` harsh treatment '' -LRB- such as , in our case , a puppy jumping against it -RRB- . When at its widest extension , the gate is flimsy and looks unstable . Yes , I know this product is cheap and you get what you pay for -- but after attempting to secure it into the doorway , the wood has already become frayed and chipped due to the fastenings . Even with the low cost , I still expected better than this.The main reason why I will be returning this product back to Amazon is because it simply will not fit our standard sized doorway . The fastenings go up in 1/2 inch intervals , and simply do not lock tight enough to secure the gate in place . We need something that can withstand an energetic puppy and also not fall over when our cat jumps onto it . This product failed to fulfil either of these functions - it falls over at the slightest touch and would never withstand the efforts of a puppy.Not recommended .
 The one I bought was n't working properly . It was n't stand up . One side of gate was not straight that it did n't fit right on the wall . I refunded . But I guess the one I bought was probaly defected one .
 This thing does not work - I actually came online to figure out how to return it but I think I may be over my 30 days . Please do not buy this as it does not hold up at all .
 As soon as we took it out of the box , we put it back in and returned it . The product was very cheap . I can get a much better baby fence at Walmart for a less expensive price .
 This gate is nice because of the solid see through plastic but it 's not sturdy at all . Do not trust it for children , especially not on stairs . In my standard size door frame it works ok to keep the puppy out of the kids room but on one notch it 's too loose and the next size up it 's so tight it makes the wood bow outward . I tried it on our front door which is bigger but not huge . Even though it was far from being toward it 's max size it just would n't stay up . I like that it is short enough for 7 year old to step over . It would be good for small breed puppies and ferrets that wo n't chew up the wood .
 I tried everything . It does n't fit to any where I put in the house . I do not know what is their sense of measure , but definitly it is not US measurement . So I returned it back
 I bought this in order to keep my dog out , a bulldog that weighs 55 lbs . We had a previous gate that worked just fine as he knew that if there was something in front of him , he knew that he was not meant to go through it . Well with this one , he just walks right into it and the gate just falls over . With a smaller dog , maybe it could work but even when placed in the door frame , I was expecting a gust of wind to blow it down . Taking it out of the package , I just knew it was not going to work as I wanted it too as the gate felt so cheap , so wobbly . I understand that people buy this model as a cheap alternative to a real gate , but save your money and just upgrade to another model . Save yourself the headache . It could be useful for ferrets though .
 Way over priced for what you are getting . The size locking device does n't stay in place . Not a good buy !
 It is way too flimsy and does n't mount to walls very well . But you get what you pay for .
 Received it via FedEx around 5pm this afternoon and promptly filled out an RMA to send it back to Amazon . This thing is easily the flimsiest , most poorly constructed product I have ever seen . It would n't stop our cat from getting where I did n't want our kid going . Highly disappointed .
 I have several brand of gates of this sliding variety , and this is the only one where the 2 `` sides '' come apart from each other entirely . It 's as if the metal brackets are not fitted correctly -LRB- or not the right size -RRB- , because depending on how you slide the sides , the 2 pieces come completely off the track . This also happens if someone takes the gate down and stores it on its `` side . '' It works fine and looks fine if you handle with care , but I would not purchase this particular brand again .
 The gate was so flimsy my 13 month old gave it a good hit and it literally fell apart . I 'm not exaggerating . It 's horrible . Did n't work at all . I bought a new metal one and so far it 's much better . As far is this gate goes , Do NOT waste your money !!
 This gate was so cheap I should have known it was too good to be true . I was hoping to use this to block off the fireplace opening from my soon to be crawling baby -LRB- we never use the fireplace so no worry about the plastic on the gate -RRB- . This gate has very limited ability to adjust at the pressure points and I was unable to get it to fit in the space that I needed . I then tried the gate in our kitchen doorway thinking I would keep it if it fit there . Again this gate would not fit in any of the positions available for what I consider to be a pretty standard doorway size . On top of the inability to get this gate to fit it 's kind of cheap looking and the wood frame does n't seem very sturdy . I guess you get what you pay for - lesson learned and I 'm now returning this gate and will continue to look for a solution for our fireplace opening .
 We ordered this product back in June and received it in July only to receive it broken and missing parts . We sent it back and waited for a replacement . The replacement was on back order . We just received the replacement and again the chest is broken . After a very frustrating call with Amazon , all they could do was send us another replacement and offer us a $ 30 promo code for our next order . That does not even cover 10 % off the chest nor all of the hassle of having to repackage a 100 + lb chest and take it to the UPS store twice . We asked for overnight shipping and they could not do that nor could they ensure that it would not be broken again . We are due any day now and now without a chest for our baby . Great customer service Amazon ! If you want bad customer service and broken items then this product is wonderful . After ordering many items for our business and personal , you would think a company that reports over an 8 billion profit for 2009 could eat a $ 70 + overnight shipping charge .
 `` It does n't tip over with a diaper bag hanging from the handle and no baby sitting in it . '' I have to disagree with that -LRB- maybe my diaper bag is to heavy -RRB- . Mine fell over and broke the cup holder . -LRB- both cup holders have broken and in the same place -RRB- Within a month or so of buying this the fabric on the foot rest have unraveled . -LRB- you can adjust the foot rest to several positions -RRB- So now I can not raise his feet . A replacement is $ 50something . The handles are n't quite high enough -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 4 '' -RRB- . On a good note , it is easy to fold and unfold , is light to carry and has a handle . My husband thinks it is to `` cheap '' to have cost as much as it did .
 Do not use Baby Age , they do not have the ability to Warrenty products.Baby Age is a terrible place to get any product
 I bought this stroller largely because of the excellent reviews that I read on this site . I have a 5 year-old son , 3-year-old daughter and an infant . I have been using the stroller since my baby was born in February 2009 . The first time I tried to fold it up in the cold winter the frame cracked and I returned the stroller to the store to exchange for a new one . I am still quite unimpressed by the cheapness in quality as compared to the single Evenflo stroller system I used to have . As the other reviewer said , it is very difficult to push and manuever , as well as to fold and lift -LRB- for me -RRB- . The front seat does not seem very padded or comfortable , and is not large enough to lie the child down and change a diaper with ease as I used to do when out & about with my other children -LRB- at county fairs , etc. -RRB- I like the stroller for it 's utility , cupholders and the large storage area underneath . I 'm sorry to say , that 's about it though !
 I got this Roayl Doulton gift set at a very good price , but unfortunately when it arrive in the Seychelles Islands - the plate was broken and I can not use the set as a gift anymore - pitty ! Very sweet set .
 I returned this item as it was not the Bunnykins Children 's set that I expected . This set is no longer manufactured in England it now comes from Taiwan . The quality and the coloring is not the same . I am very disappointed that this set is no longer made in England . I will not purchase another one . I am willing to pay more for English goods . I am tired of cheap goods .
 The plate cracked in the microwave after just one month . The plate was room temperature and in the microwave for 30 seconds . The product is sold and stamped `` Microwave Safe '' . I 'm returning the set and have to dispute Amazon for a refund . Charming .
 I ca n't actually review the product as it arrived in pieces . It was returned and my money was refunded . I did not attempt to have it replaced .
 I have 2 daughters , one is 23 months , the other is 12 months . About 8 months ago I bought this stroller from Babies R US . thought that is the best choice because of the brand name . Although there are many negative review on other website , I was so sure that this gon na be a useful stuff . Besides , I did n't find many negative reviews here on Epinions then.However , this stroller is a big disappointment . With normal use , the cup holder broken in 4 months , clip hold the seat controllers recline felt in 2 monthes , front stickers had detached in 1 months . The sun shade , has displaced in 5 months . The wheel is hard to steel and also hard to open since the beginning . What I said a normal use , included mall shopping , play ground / park strolling . Normally I use it once a week and other shopping if they have a shopping cart , I would rather use shopping cart .12 / 22/06 one of my babies had felt out from the stroller to ground in front of Senta , while I am doing Christmas shopping in Woodbridge Center Mall . I was using a normal speed but a kind sharp turn in JCpenny . I was looking for bathroom . Both of babies ' seat belts were detached on the back of the seat , and the felt baby , Hannah , her belt were still connect to the seat in the bottom but one buckle of the T buckles has unbuckled . The other baby , except back of the belt detached from seat , she was alright . Both of the babies ' tray were took off because they were not like it.After that , I called the customer service about the seat belt easy to detach from back of seat . Their answer is the eye opener - well - the seat belt clip is not suppose to hold baby in the back . The hook purpose is to put the belt when baby is not in the seat . I ask them that is not count as 5 point harness if baby 's seat belt can not attached in the back of the seat of the stroller , they claim that the seat belt actually on the shoulder and they can not fell out and count as 5 point harness . They also said that if I want to restrain the babies on the seat , I should choose other stroller.I called 4 times to make sure that is their answer -LRB- because it sounds to me like a joke -RRB- , both my husband and I talked to them , and we all assume that the small hook on the seat belt that attached to the back of the seat should be part of the safety belt safety device ; not mention the Customer service is cold and rude while they answer . I have nothing can say since her felt actually is not because the seat belt fail . Still , every time when the children are in seat , they are always loose , many times she had half felt out . If not have no other choice , one really do n't know if it is proper to continue using this stroller .
 We thought we could get a great product at an affordable rate and bypassed the higher-end lines and we decided on the Baby Trend Expedition Jogger/Infant seat travel system . At first pass it worked fine and we were pleased overall . Several weeks into owning the stroller we noticed that the front wheel became excessively shaky when not in the locked position . It was very difficult to maneuver with the wheel locked all the time , as we use the stroller for every day use.We called and were told to check and adjust the tire pressure . This didnt fix the problem and were told to try another fix , which also didnt work . When we called a third time it was suggested we ship the stroller back.After we finally found a box large enough to ship this stroller back , we shipped it in tact to Baby Trend to be repaired . Several weeks later I called and followed up and was told it would be returned within 10 days . We got home and opened the box to our surprise , our stroller had been shipped back unassembled ! The issue we had was the unstable front wheel , and the wheels had been removed , negating the correction ! Worse still , the screws and hardware we shipped in tact with our stroller had been removed AND NOT REPLACED ! Baby Trend took apart our stroller and sent it back without the parts or means to put it back together!The footrest on the front of the stroller has no hardware for us to put it back on , and the tray that the car seat rests on has no screws and pulls out when touched , meaning the car seat CAN NOT be placed in the stroller ! If I hadnt pulled it out first , I could have put my child in the stroller and he would have fallen immediately out of it . How could this happen , how could they send a stroller back with no parts and with a blatant safety hazard , as though it hadnt been checked at all?Worst of all , they have told us simply that there is `` nothing they can do '' and they refuse to fix the problem . They tell us the parts are on backorder and they have ` no idea '' when they will be available . Meanwhile , I have no stroller and no means to get my 4 month old around . SO frustrating !! Totally unacceptable , we sent it WITH PARTS and they sent it back without parts , and wo n't rectify the situation . I have a stroller in my living room for a month that I simply can not use . And they are fine to leave it that way , that we 're just out of luck ?? Its just wrong . Do n't buy from this company , they DO NOT stand by their product . Check Consumer Affairs before you buy from them , I only wish we had .
 We have the baby trend jogger -LRB- green not pick -RRB- but basically the same.The front wheel has shaken since buying.I 've tried the recommended tightening of the lock nut , but it comes loose very quickly . Unless at exactly the right tension the wheel shakes frighteningly or is too stiff for maneuver . If you are running shaking can start suddenly enough to make you fall over and give your baby a big shock.The locking position sets the wheel in place but makes the jogger so difficult to change direction it 's of little use.The help line is useless . They had me on hold until hanging up , several times.The lock nut finally fell off and we will try and install our own with locking ring , together with now missing bearings.I would recommend people do n't buy this until they fix the issue .
 We 've used this stroller -LRB- In a different color , with matching carseat -RRB- for 4 months now . I 'll never buy ` Baby Trend ' brand again.Cons : Heavy ; cumbersome to fold/unfold -LRB- takes both hands & a foot -RRB- ; bulky when folded ; latch that keeps it folded is flimsy & designed improperly -LRB- the stroller can fold much tighter than the latch will allow -RRB- ; tires do n't hold air ; canopy does n't pivot fully forward -LRB- a problem when the sun is in baby 's eyes -RRB- ; and saving the worst for last - the swivel front wheel shakes on demand when you 're trying to push in a straight line , so you have to stop completely & start again , hoping it does n't shake . The only way around this is to lock the front wheel in place , but then you have to tilt back to turn , which causes baby 's head to flop forward when using the carseat.Pros : Seems to ride smoothly . Looks cool.Do yourself & your baby a favor - buy something else .
 If you bought this for some other reason than to help with round ligament pain due to pregnancy , skip to the next review . I bought this belt because I began suffering significant round ligament pain , to the point that walking was extremely painful , around 20 weeks of pregnancy . In particular , for me , it seems to be severely exacerbated by jogging or running.I purchased this belt after surfing around Amazon looking at the various maternity belt options . This one is definitely one of the smallest options of the bunch , and also one of the cheapest . Unfortunately , after trying it out for a few days , I really do n't think it 's helped me at all . The round ligament pain is as bad as ever . Perhaps it would be worse without the belt as my pregnancy is progressing - who knows.The belt itself is well-made and easy to put on . I am 22 weeks pregnant and 140 lbs or so currently , and I found the size Small fits on the smallest setting .
 I found this to be very uncomfortable , I am a nurse and am on my feet for over 12 hours a shift and I ended up taking it off the first night within just a few hours of wearing it . I also could n't sit down with it on , it pressed into my belly and just hurt !
 I received the band last week and it really did not help but made my pelvic pain worse . I ordered another one with more back support to see if that helps better . I bought a band that was a litlle bigger so I asjust it to 3 levels of tighness and none of those work for me .
 Everyone reviewing this product said to size one up . I did and it was huge . I could not exchange , just return and was charged shipping . My belly support from Amon just arrived and thankfully it does fit according to the size chart and seems much more supportive for the whole belly .
 I purchased the It 's You Babe Mini Cradle , size small . At 5 ' 3 '' and a current weight of 152lbs , I ordered the SMALL because according to the size chart it ranges from 136-180lbs . I am almost 35 weeks and have already stopped gaining weight -LRB- the same thing happened with my first pregnancy -RRB- . I was afraid the medium would be too large since I am not anywhere close to 180 . I should have listened to the other reviewers ! The second to last clasp was way to tight . I put it on the last clasp and it fit , but just barely . If I gain any more weight or if my stomach drops anymore this would not fit . I adjusted the position several times thinking maybe it was in the wrong spot but no such luck . I ended up having a weird crampy fealing both times I tested it out and have n't bothered with it since . The company needs to change their size chart so it 's based on your stomach circumference . Then maybe people would have an easier time getting the right fit .
 After reading the reviews , I purchased a size up as many reviewers said this product ran small . I 'm 33 weeks and weigh 170 pounds and decided to order the medium . It is definitely too big . It does not fall off , it stays on , but even on the tightest hook setting , it does n't actually give me any support . I do n't use it at all at this point . I should have just ordered the Small based on the product 's weight chart .
 I wish I had returned it but now it 's gathering dust . There are only 3 spots where it can be adjusted so just hope that your particular size works with one of them . They are too far apart . So if you pick one and it 's too tight , the next one is going to be too loose . It was n't comfortable at all . At least Velcro is more adjustable to various sizes ! Would not recommend !
 this band does not give you any support , It is just useless . I returned it immediately . Would not recommend it .
 I guess it 'd be fine if you 're only at 4 or 5 months , but beyond that , it 's too narrow and provides no support .
 Did n't give the back support I was really looking for - sizing was a little off as well . This helped some while sleeping at night .
 I bought the medium as I was solidly in the weight range listed and it fits just fine - I alternate between using the middle tightness and the highest tightness setting with no problems.Unfortunately it does n't offer any pain relief for me . My hips and pelvis hurt just as much with it on as with it off . I keep trying it and hoping , and while it does make me feel a little more secure when I 'm walking around , it really does n't lessen the pain any .
 This belt did n't seem to do anything for me.I do n't feel more support . I am glad that I read reviews prior to buying this item because you really do need to get one size up otherewise it will be too small .
 This band can provide back support if you are not experiencing any other issues due to pregnancy . My abdominal discomforts , especially sharp round ligament pain got worse with the band . And also , because of the pressure , I felt the urge to run to the restroom every half hour . But of course , if you are having a pain-free very comfy pregnancy , and just looking for back support , this band could be for you.The sizing info is a bit tricky . I am 5 ' 6 '' and my pre-pregnancy size was 0-2 -LRB- occasionally 4 -RRB- or XS-S . Now that I 'm passed midway , I hit 136lbs , I got the size S following the chart . There is no way I could fit into smallest setting . The medium setting provided support while giving more room for the future . I think I would use the largest setting at the end of my pregnancy , but I ended up returning it because of the discomfort I had .
 I ordered the petite size.I was size 0 -LRB- pants -RRB- before my pregnancy , and 122 pounds at the time of ordering it.On the biggest setting -LRB- using the first set of loops -RRB- it is still too tight !!! I should have ordered the small ! Cant use it as it hurts me so I cant say if it really works or not .
 The band was made of very hard , uncomfortable elastic . It was poking me and binding . It should have been covered in some sort of fabric . Further , the hook and eye closures were very far apart making it difficult to get a comfortable fit . The belt was either too lose or too tight . Babies R Us has a mini belt with a velcro closure that is a much better design .
 This belt was absolutely useless for my wife . her size fell between the 2 settings . it was either too tight or too loose.Though the idea of having the hooks seems like a good idea , it 's not as easy as velcro .
 Didnt fit well . 5 ' 3 &#34; , size small pregnancy clothes , and 140lb at 40 weeks , this never seem to fit comfortably . Would recommend they put more adjustment hooks on so the gaps are not spaced out so far from one another .
 I am 35 weeks and started getting mid to lower back pain on one side only a couple of weeks ago . When I went for a prenatal massage and evaluation - its just a knot in my back that 's formed from the baby 's weight and its pressing down on part of a sciatic nerve . I researched and thought I 'd buy this belt because I saw the good reviews - I 'm 5 ' 5 , started at 118 and am now 145 so the medium was the right choice but the belt does n't help anything.I took it on vacation with us when I knew I 'd be walking alot , wear it at my desk at work , wear it in the car , etc. but it does n't help the pain at all and its not really supporting anything . I think something with a broader back brace and possible straps would work better so I 'm going to buy the Soft Form and see if that works - sadly I threw away the packaging on this piece of crap so I ca n't return it - $ down the drain ... sigh and no back pain relief . = -LRB-
 This belt did not work for me . The sizing recommendations also seem off ... I followed them , and this was still too big . And even though it was too big , it mad me feel like I had to pee way more than usual while wearing it .
 I am 25 weeks pregnant , 5 ' 3 '' , currently 133 pounds , pants size -LRB- pre-pregnancy and maternity -RRB- is 4 or 6 . I ordered the prenatal cradle mini cradle in a size small.I was so excited to get this in the mail today . What a huge disappointment it is . Here are the 2 reasons I am returning this item . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Completely Inaccurate Size Recommendations -- I thought I had heeded the advice of the reviewers by ordering a small -LRB- supposedly 136-180 lbs. , size 6-12 pants size -RRB- . However , the only setting that I can close is the largest setting - and I have 15 weeks to go ! Ridiculous . -LRB- 2 -RRB- `` Adjustments '' Are Way Too Far Apart -- This is actually the main reason for my return . As I mentioned , I can fasten only the largest setting , but that one is just a little too loose to provide any support . The next smallest closure is almost 4 inches apart from the largest . I can not come close to fastening it . I have no idea why the manufacturer made the closures so far apart.I wish I did n't have to give this a bad review ; I really could use a good maternity belt . Please comment on this if you have any recommendations ! Thanks ! : -RRB-
 I read other reviews on the size and decided to go for the petite anyway , since it says 90-135 pounds . I am only 24 weeks pregnant and weigh 108 pounds . Surprise ! it 's way too small for me . I am not returning it because of the hassle . But I am giving one star for such misleading information .
 Maybe for a smaller woman it would be helpful . I am a pregnant size 14/16 , xl in maternity and I noticed almost no support for my belly while wearing this . Also , it is a huge pain to move when going to the bathroom and readjusting . I would not recommend this product at all . I find the much wider belly bands with no hooks to be more supportive , and less hassle to wear .
 I bought the mini cradle because I was getting bigger and needed support to hold my growing belly . This didnt help much . Sometimes I thought I felt the support but it didnt last long . The belt also kept biting into me and that hurt . I felt it should have been a tad broader .
 I 've been having problems with the muscles in the top of my belly spreading , and causing sharp pains . My OB suggested a belly band to help take some of the pressure off . Unfortunately this produce did nothing for my pain . I gave it two stars because it was relatively comfy and I did n't buy it for what it was intended . It did n't help me in the least though .
 after reading all the reviews i thought this would be the perfect thing for my back pain and was quick to purchase it for some relief but after i reccieved it and tried it , fail ! it was not what i was expecting it hurt to wear it and it was very unconfortable ! dont wate your money !
 Got this when I was about 8 months pregnant to help give me some back pain relief . Did n't do anything for my back or anything else and it was really uncomfortable , the fabric is n't very soft to the touch and was stiff , felt like fabric cardboard . Waste of money .
 I purchased this and the Boppy Maternity Support Band at the same time - and I 'm 31 weeks pregnant , with some ongoing feelings of thigh pain and belly pressure . For me , the mini cradle was ill-fitting , as many other reviewers have said . The largest hook-and-eye setting was just too large , and the medium setting was far too small . Additionally , the band was uncomfortable , and I was not able to find a position that worked for me.The Boppy band was much more supportive , and it 's extra width helped lift my belly more evenly than the Mini Cradle , which put a lot of pressure on one area . I 'm planning to return this product .
 The size does run small , so I ordered the next size up . I was eagerly waiting for the support belt , but was disappointed on day one because the material the band is made of is uncomfortable , and dug into my skin when i was sitting . It did its job , but it was so uncomfortable that i will be returning it and looking for another one with softer and more comfortable material .
 I bought this for extra support on walks . This thing was horrible . It was nothing more than an elastic with pins . THere is very little room for adjustment . In addition , the one I received was stained . I ended up returning this and buying something with velcro .
 Getting a lot of pressure in the abdomen with my twin pregnancy and this belt was recommended by a friend . I thought I would like it because it is simple and can be hidden between the pants and shirt . First , it runs super small . I got a medium , which was a size larger for me and wish it had been a large . There are three settings on it and by the 20th week with my twins , I was already on the last setting . Tried to put up with it numerous times , but it seems to add to the pressure . My doctor has since suggested getting one with a harness .
 I dont know if it 's just me or what but I found this belt to provide no extra support what so ever . Save your money or invest into a belt thats worth it .
 I believe I tried this during my second trimester . I found it to be uncomfortable , and it provided no support . Waste of time and money .
 The sizing for this belt is pretty ridiculous , there are only three options to adjust it , so you just have to hope that one of those options will fit , but being pregnant your belly is constantly growing so this is very limiting . Also , the support is very light , I am on my feet a lot at work and needed much more support than this belt offers and I am only 23 weeks .
 I ordered a size small , and it 's too small -LRB- even on the largest setting -RRB- . The other reviews indicating that the belt runs small are correct . Except that I * just * hit 130 pounds , and their `` small '' size says it goes from `` 136 - 180 lbs '' . It is ridiculous that their sizes should be * that * inaccurate . I 'm returning it , and going to buy one in a store that I can try on .
 I 'm only 17 weeks but wanted to try this out because I am already having sciatica . I ordered the medium based on other reviews saying the sizing was extremely small . I 'm 5 ' 8 '' pre pregnancy 145 lbs ... now 155 ... the smallest setting is very uncomfortably tight and huge on the mid setting ... it is pretty worthless to me for now -LRB- maybe when I 'm a little bigger ... -RRB- I ended up getting the Babies R Us support belt ... it 's got a lot more fabric but is extremely comfortable and fits properly .
 This was the worst thing ever ! I understand that it would need to be rigid enough to offer support , but this thing dug into my hips so bad ! I had it on for 5 minutes before I took it off and sent it back . Look elsewhere for something different !
 I ordered the petite size 90-135 Pounds . I weigh 120 pounds and am at 28 weeks . I figured by the time I reach the end of my pregnancy I would be at or under 135 pounds -LRB- my end weight goal is 130-135 pounds according to my Dr. -RRB- . I just received the prenatal cradle , and I can only hook it to the last notch . Even at the last notch , its super tight ! So looks like the sizing is totally off !!! I 'll obviously have to return it as there is no way I am going to be able to wear this for the next three months !!! Very unhappy , as I was really looking forward to wearing this belt and having some relief from the constant back pain .
 I did n't find this belt to be that comfortable . It is very hard and stiff . Does n't do as good as a job as the maternity belt I purchased from Babies R Us . Which has an upper and lower support band .
 Pre-pregnancy sizes quoted are not accurate . I ordered a small belt based on those recommendations and although I am not in 3d trimester yet the first two sets of hooks are already too tight , while the last set of hooks makes it still too lose . And since there is no velcro I ca n't really use it , until I get big enough to fit the last set of hooks .
 A day after receiving my belly band I went to my prenatal visit and was instructed by my Dr NOT to use this product . It decreases blood flow to baby , for the same reason u ca n't sleep on your back . His exact words were , `` these things should be banned '' ... Sorry to be Debbie downer just think all mommies should know .
 I had high hopes that this belt would help with back discomfort , but it has n't . I think these must be for very specific types of problems . I am only 32 weeks pregnant , so it may prove more useful later . My advice is to not have very high hopes about this helping significantly -- it is not very expensive , so it may be worth a try for you .
 I opened up the small 3 '' x 3 '' box labelled `` Its you Babe Mini Cradle , Small , New '' , and inside was a very nice roll of Scotch brand Magic Tape , 1/2 in by 450 in ! They really should say in the description `` product pictured is waaay different then that being sold '' . At least theres no sizing issues
 I was supposed to have the package past thurday , and 4 days later have n't received it yet . Need to know what 's going on ??? thanks
 As another reviewer mentioned already , the idea of having a cup holder mounted on the outside of an already fairly wide stroller is a total flop . Within two days of attaching it we hit so many door frames , gates , etc. that we decided to return the product -LRB- before it gets busted -RRB- . Two stars for holding bottles well and not breaking after being hit a few times .
 The cup holder is very easy to install but it does not stay in place.It was quite expensive for something that keeps falling even when there are no cups in it.I bought it for my Bugaboo Bee .
 Worked great for a few months , until the internal holder broke , rendering the whole thing useless . Also since you have to take it off everytime you fold it down , it quickly became lost . It would be better if it was somehow integrated into the stroller . Poorly constructed .
 This cup holder never stays on . Even with exchanging the parts and size pieces it comes with . I 'd rather hold my drink than fight with this .
 I 'm giving the review a low score to get people 's attention . Do n't make the mistake I made ! I thought I was being smart wedging my phone between the little pegs , but after a bump my phone fell out . It happened a few times when I was talking on my iPhone with my hands free set , so I noticed immediately . However , one very sleep deprived day , my phone fell out and it was not be found by me . Also , there is a hole in the bottom that precludes you from putting keys in the cup holder too.As for a using the cup holder as intended , it 's very handy and great ! I would give the product a 3.5-4 star review . Make sure you use a strong cup that can withstand the tension in the pegs .
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I purchased the letter `` b '' but when I received the package , the ribbon was stapled on upside-down making the letter look like a `` p '' . It looks great other than it being upside down . Because of the price , it is not worth sending back and waiting on another one . It would be less hassle to just fix it myself . This is a great product , but I suggest buying it in a store -LRB- I think Babies ' R Us sells them -RRB- to avoid receiving the wrong letter .
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I purchased the letter `` b '' but when I received the package , the ribbon was stapled on upside-down making the letter look like a `` p '' . It looks great other than it being upside down . Because of the price , it is not worth sending back and waiting on another one . It would be less hassle to just fix it myself . This is a great product , but I suggest buying it in a store -LRB- I think Babies ' R Us sells them -RRB- to avoid receiving the wrong letter .
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I purchased the letter `` b '' but when I received the package , the ribbon was stapled on upside-down making the letter look like a `` p '' . It looks great other than it being upside down . Because of the price , it is not worth sending back and waiting on another one . It would be less hassle to just fix it myself . This is a great product , but I suggest buying it in a store -LRB- I think Babies ' R Us sells them -RRB- to avoid receiving the wrong letter .
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I purchased the letter `` b '' but when I received the package , the ribbon was stapled on upside-down making the letter look like a `` p '' . It looks great other than it being upside down . Because of the price , it is not worth sending back and waiting on another one . It would be less hassle to just fix it myself . This is a great product , but I suggest buying it in a store -LRB- I think Babies ' R Us sells them -RRB- to avoid receiving the wrong letter .
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I purchased the letter `` b '' but when I received the package , the ribbon was stapled on upside-down making the letter look like a `` p '' . It looks great other than it being upside down . Because of the price , it is not worth sending back and waiting on another one . It would be less hassle to just fix it myself . This is a great product , but I suggest buying it in a store -LRB- I think Babies ' R Us sells them -RRB- to avoid receiving the wrong letter .
 This is based on plaster mix for hand and foot prints , and there are several pitfalls . First and foremost , throw out the instructions provided -LRB- little there are -RRB- . The water/plaster portions given are wrong , and it is really difficult to get the right mixture proportion unless you are craft saavy working with this type of stuff . If you do n't get it just right , the consequence is that you either end up with rapidly curing plaster which can not be worked with or a mix that is too soft for a good quality print . The instructions leave out any mention of time constraints , since the consistency of the mix does change of course . Look , I 'm no craftsperson but I 'm no idiot either ; in fact , I am a rocket scientist ! I 'll admit that others will likely have more success , but there is little margin for error in this . I * strongly * recommend going with a modeling clay approach and going to our local craft store , which is what my wife and I ended up doing . Lastly , the frame turned out to be pretty cheap as well . Punt on this one folks !
 We purchased the Sesame Street version of this bed for our 2 year old son . About 15 minutes after putting our son down for his nap , he started screaming . My husband went in and found my son wedged in between the sleeve -LRB- NOT the blanket -RRB- and the mattress itself . Our son had opened the back where the velcro was and crawled into the space between the outer sleeve and the mattress . He had wedged himself in and could n't get out . The valve was leaking air -LRB- he had apparently opened the valve -RRB- , thus the mattress began to deflate . If we had not heard him crying , he probably would have suffocated . I just wanted people to be aware of this possible fatal flaw and please be careful !
 My daughter is not quite 2 1/2 years old , but is 37 '' tall . I bought this and had it sent to my parents house for her to use when we visit there . Well , she barely fit on it and the side bumpers did n't hold he on when she shifted at night . I checked on her and she was half-off the thing . It was cute , but did n't quite work for us .
 These sheets are of very thin , poor quality fabric . If you hold them up , you can pretty readily see what 's on the other side . There are loose thread ends , thick threads and thin spots.That said , they 're the only flat sheets I 've been able to find for a toddler bed that are n't in a set . They did n't disintegrate in the washing machine , which was initially a concern . The stitching is okay , and the fitted end has kept the 3 year old from tearing the bed apart for over a week .
 These sheets are nice that they are fitted at one end.They are not the softest sheets , but they are not the worst either.I ordered 4 of these sheets and I was charged for four separate shipping charges even though it was shipped in one shipment . -LRB- Hence the rating -RRB-
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I purchased the letter `` b '' but when I received the package , the ribbon was stapled on upside-down making the letter look like a `` p '' . It looks great other than it being upside down . Because of the price , it is not worth sending back and waiting on another one . It would be less hassle to just fix it myself . This is a great product , but I suggest buying it in a store -LRB- I think Babies ' R Us sells them -RRB- to avoid receiving the wrong letter .
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I purchased the letter `` b '' but when I received the package , the ribbon was stapled on upside-down making the letter look like a `` p '' . It looks great other than it being upside down . Because of the price , it is not worth sending back and waiting on another one . It would be less hassle to just fix it myself . This is a great product , but I suggest buying it in a store -LRB- I think Babies ' R Us sells them -RRB- to avoid receiving the wrong letter .
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I purchased the letter `` b '' but when I received the package , the ribbon was stapled on upside-down making the letter look like a `` p '' . It looks great other than it being upside down . Because of the price , it is not worth sending back and waiting on another one . It would be less hassle to just fix it myself . This is a great product , but I suggest buying it in a store -LRB- I think Babies ' R Us sells them -RRB- to avoid receiving the wrong letter .
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I purchased the letter `` b '' but when I received the package , the ribbon was stapled on upside-down making the letter look like a `` p '' . It looks great other than it being upside down . Because of the price , it is not worth sending back and waiting on another one . It would be less hassle to just fix it myself . This is a great product , but I suggest buying it in a store -LRB- I think Babies ' R Us sells them -RRB- to avoid receiving the wrong letter .
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I purchased the letter `` b '' but when I received the package , the ribbon was stapled on upside-down making the letter look like a `` p '' . It looks great other than it being upside down . Because of the price , it is not worth sending back and waiting on another one . It would be less hassle to just fix it myself . This is a great product , but I suggest buying it in a store -LRB- I think Babies ' R Us sells them -RRB- to avoid receiving the wrong letter .
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I purchased the letter `` b '' but when I received the package , the ribbon was stapled on upside-down making the letter look like a `` p '' . It looks great other than it being upside down . Because of the price , it is not worth sending back and waiting on another one . It would be less hassle to just fix it myself . This is a great product , but I suggest buying it in a store -LRB- I think Babies ' R Us sells them -RRB- to avoid receiving the wrong letter .
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I purchased the letter `` b '' but when I received the package , the ribbon was stapled on upside-down making the letter look like a `` p '' . It looks great other than it being upside down . Because of the price , it is not worth sending back and waiting on another one . It would be less hassle to just fix it myself . This is a great product , but I suggest buying it in a store -LRB- I think Babies ' R Us sells them -RRB- to avoid receiving the wrong letter .
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I purchased the letter `` b '' but when I received the package , the ribbon was stapled on upside-down making the letter look like a `` p '' . It looks great other than it being upside down . Because of the price , it is not worth sending back and waiting on another one . It would be less hassle to just fix it myself . This is a great product , but I suggest buying it in a store -LRB- I think Babies ' R Us sells them -RRB- to avoid receiving the wrong letter .
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I purchased the letter `` b '' but when I received the package , the ribbon was stapled on upside-down making the letter look like a `` p '' . It looks great other than it being upside down . Because of the price , it is not worth sending back and waiting on another one . It would be less hassle to just fix it myself . This is a great product , but I suggest buying it in a store -LRB- I think Babies ' R Us sells them -RRB- to avoid receiving the wrong letter .
 Our family uses alot of Baby Einstein products and have always been happy with the quality . Unfortunately , their swing is the exception.The interactive toys are designed very well and we loved the mobile , but after a couple weeks , we noticed the motor started making alot of noise and barely worked depending on the speed setting , even with fresh batteries.I place blame on the Graco motor , it just does n't seem to have what it takes to get the job done , and our son only weighs 13 pounds . The `` side motor '' design , while giving you more room to take baby in and out of the seat , seems very poor . We exchanged this swing for a Fisher Price model -LRB- same price -RRB- with the swing suspended from the motor and are ecstatic at the performance of this model.My ideal would be for Baby Einstein to team up with Fisher Price instead of Graco and make a great quality swing with the interactive toys we have come to love !
 The swing is OK but the tray is a pain . It can not be removed easily .
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I purchased the letter `` b '' but when I received the package , the ribbon was stapled on upside-down making the letter look like a `` p '' . It looks great other than it being upside down . Because of the price , it is not worth sending back and waiting on another one . It would be less hassle to just fix it myself . This is a great product , but I suggest buying it in a store -LRB- I think Babies ' R Us sells them -RRB- to avoid receiving the wrong letter .
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I purchased the letter `` b '' but when I received the package , the ribbon was stapled on upside-down making the letter look like a `` p '' . It looks great other than it being upside down . Because of the price , it is not worth sending back and waiting on another one . It would be less hassle to just fix it myself . This is a great product , but I suggest buying it in a store -LRB- I think Babies ' R Us sells them -RRB- to avoid receiving the wrong letter .
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I purchased the letter `` b '' but when I received the package , the ribbon was stapled on upside-down making the letter look like a `` p '' . It looks great other than it being upside down . Because of the price , it is not worth sending back and waiting on another one . It would be less hassle to just fix it myself . This is a great product , but I suggest buying it in a store -LRB- I think Babies ' R Us sells them -RRB- to avoid receiving the wrong letter .
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I purchased the letter `` b '' but when I received the package , the ribbon was stapled on upside-down making the letter look like a `` p '' . It looks great other than it being upside down . Because of the price , it is not worth sending back and waiting on another one . It would be less hassle to just fix it myself . This is a great product , but I suggest buying it in a store -LRB- I think Babies ' R Us sells them -RRB- to avoid receiving the wrong letter .
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I purchased the letter `` b '' but when I received the package , the ribbon was stapled on upside-down making the letter look like a `` p '' . It looks great other than it being upside down . Because of the price , it is not worth sending back and waiting on another one . It would be less hassle to just fix it myself . This is a great product , but I suggest buying it in a store -LRB- I think Babies ' R Us sells them -RRB- to avoid receiving the wrong letter .
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I purchased the letter `` b '' but when I received the package , the ribbon was stapled on upside-down making the letter look like a `` p '' . It looks great other than it being upside down . Because of the price , it is not worth sending back and waiting on another one . It would be less hassle to just fix it myself . This is a great product , but I suggest buying it in a store -LRB- I think Babies ' R Us sells them -RRB- to avoid receiving the wrong letter .
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I purchased the letter `` b '' but when I received the package , the ribbon was stapled on upside-down making the letter look like a `` p '' . It looks great other than it being upside down . Because of the price , it is not worth sending back and waiting on another one . It would be less hassle to just fix it myself . This is a great product , but I suggest buying it in a store -LRB- I think Babies ' R Us sells them -RRB- to avoid receiving the wrong letter .
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I purchased the letter `` b '' but when I received the package , the ribbon was stapled on upside-down making the letter look like a `` p '' . It looks great other than it being upside down . Because of the price , it is not worth sending back and waiting on another one . It would be less hassle to just fix it myself . This is a great product , but I suggest buying it in a store -LRB- I think Babies ' R Us sells them -RRB- to avoid receiving the wrong letter .
 Horrible quality . Would never recommend buying this product.Serioudly do n't invest your money on this.You 'll hate it . It 's not thick at all so if the baby were to fall in the crib it would n't protect them etc
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I purchased the letter `` b '' but when I received the package , the ribbon was stapled on upside-down making the letter look like a `` p '' . It looks great other than it being upside down . Because of the price , it is not worth sending back and waiting on another one . It would be less hassle to just fix it myself . This is a great product , but I suggest buying it in a store -LRB- I think Babies ' R Us sells them -RRB- to avoid receiving the wrong letter .
 I did n't mind what I received . It was a wooden letter . I just do n't know why a different ornament is pictured . I wanted to return them since I bought a bunch for my daughter and other relatives for Christmas but it was less than 2 dollars , i figured what the heck . Put the right picture of the product you are selling please !
 I purchased the letter `` b '' but when I received the package , the ribbon was stapled on upside-down making the letter look like a `` p '' . It looks great other than it being upside down . Because of the price , it is not worth sending back and waiting on another one . It would be less hassle to just fix it myself . This is a great product , but I suggest buying it in a store -LRB- I think Babies ' R Us sells them -RRB- to avoid receiving the wrong letter .
 I absolutely LOVE the format of this album , as well as the cute John Lennon designs !!!!!!!! That said , I MUST tell you about the poor quality binding . I wrote in this baby book once a month for DD 's first few months . After about 3-4 months the pages started getting loose , and finally after 6 months I took it back to Babies R Us . I showed them the problem and they agreed that it looked disastrous -LRB- most of the pages had fallen out completely -RRB- . They let me exchange it for the loose-leaf baby book , and they even let me keep all the pages I had written in including the page with DD 's footprints ! While I appreciated that BRU provided excellent customer service , I am very dissatisfied that they would continue to sell such a poor quality product -LRB- it 's still on their shelves now , an entire year later ! -RRB- . I hope that the manufacturers acknowledge this problem and fix it very soon.I am very satisfied with my loose-leaf John Lennon baby book . It is a bit thicker -LRB- due to the 3 ring binding -RRB- , but it 's SO convenient ! You can move the order of the pages , which I really appreciate ! And it even comes with some clear pages that hold sentimental items and pictures ! I would rate the loose-leaf one with a rating of 5 !!!!
 This book fell apart within a couple of months after I beagn using it . I taped the pages together but now they have torn away from the cover . Also , there are not very many spaces to write your own anecdotes about your baby . The book prompts you to finish their sentences but gives you little room to put in your own narratives .
 Got this for my then newborn and thought it was a life saver until she started soiling it months later and then realized it is n't all that easy to get on and off . With 8 snap on straps , it 's a hassle to move the crib away from the wall and snap on/off on a regular basis . I realized changing the crib sheet was just easier . With crib mattresses being vinyl covered , why do we need waterproof sheets anyway . I just slip off her fitted sheet and wipe up any wetness off the vinyl - so simple . Sometimes good marketing convinces us that we need useless products . By the way , two of the straps broke off in the wash , thank God it was after I realized I did n't need this anyway .
 When we first bought our baby 's mattress , it did not have any unusual odors at all . We washed the Ultimate Mattress Pad before using it , but after a short time , we began to smell an odor on the mattress that became stronger with time . We finally replaced the mattress and once again had a mattress that was stench-free . By this time we had purchased an organic mattress pad as well . Use of the organic did not cause any problem , but since we had not yet put two and two together -LRB- not smart -RRB- , we put the Ultimate Mattress Pad on our new mattress just one time and sure enough it began to smell . We now use only organic mattress pads and only one side of the mattress . The side that never came in contact with the Ultimate Mattress Pad smells just fine , but the side that we did use it on has a stench you do n't want your baby sleeping on . I guess you need to make sure you put a sheet between the mattress pad and the crib . We actually put the sheet over the mattress pad because the surface seemed so rough that we did n't want our little boy sleeping directly on it . When we did try that , he woke up with a mesh-imprinted face .
 The `` Breathe Safe Padded Sheet '' also left a mesh imprint on my baby 's face . Placing a sheet over the Breathe safe pad defeats the purpose of lessening the current routine :1 -RRB- Untying bumper guard & moving it out of the way2 -RRB- Struggling to `` pull '' out heavy mattress from crib3 -RRB- Removing & washing sheet & mattress pad4 -RRB- Wiping off mattress with soap & water5 -RRB- Replacing sheet & mattress pad6 -RRB- Returning heavy mattress to crib7 -RRB- Re-arranging dust ruffle8 -RRB- Re-tying bumper guardOther than that , it seemed like a good idea . Searching for a better product .
 If you research the toxic gas theory for crib death -LRB- which has been around for 15 ? years -RRB- you will see that this item can produce toxic nerve gases just like crib mattresses can . This product is not safe at all , no matter what they call it . Get a BabeSafe mattress cover to prevent toxic nerve gases from getting to your baby , and use only 100 % cotton on top of that -LRB- between your baby and the mattress cover -RRB- . Do not use polyester fleece or acrylic blankets or comforters and use 100 % cotton blankets . Run from this product !
 I love the pattern and the colors . But after having washed the blankets 2 or 3 times they seem to be falling apart . They have faded and gotten little pills all over them . They are n't as high quality as I had expected .
 I loved the colors and the print of these receiving blankets . However , after the 1st washing -LRB- on gentle cycle -RRB- all the edges frayed with the whip stiching coming off the blanket on both blankets . Looks like a dish rag now . For quality I 'd give it a BIG zero .
 I love the Malawi print and did the baby 's room in it . I recieved these blankets as a baby shower gift , and I washed them right away . I have n't even used them and they look terrible . They have little balls on all the edges . I would not recommend this product . I was expecting the quality to be better .
 The blankets are small , cut crooked , and very thin . Over priced and poor quality if you ask me .
 Could n't possibly be the same product the last person wrote their review about . This sheet is horrible ! A burlap sack would be softer . Ca n't believe I paid $ 20 for this !!! I read the previous review and trusted that customer 's description . Mistake on my part . Pass on this product , would n't buy it for $ 2 .
 Bad purchase ! I jogged for a 1/4 mile with it and turned around and went home to look into returning it . Mine does not stay completely locked into position while it 's open . It is off balance and wobbles terribly . My husband adjusted the front wheel several times and it finally alligned straight , but you can not ajust the back wheels . Both the front wheel and back right wheel started to buldge durning my short run . There is about 10 inches worth of storage space behind the seat . It was big enough for me to only put my dog 's leash in it . I would definitely invest in a better brand if you are really planning on jogging with a stroller . Walking and park trips with this stroller would probably be fine , but I do not reccomend it to actually jog with . On the plus side , I do like the colors ! They are not as bright as I was expecting .
 The suspension and brake make this seem nice for parents , but look closely at the seat . There is no padding on the seat , seatback , or shoulder straps . After buying this , and opening the box , I had no intentions of making our precious child ride in that.I looked around , found the Instep Safari for $ 10-20 more that has great padded seat , seatback , and shoulder straps , as well as child tray , swivel/fixed wheel options , and looks a lot nicer overall .
 We were given an instep jogging stroller as a gift and loved it until one day it refused to fold . The latch on one side would not release . My wife runs mostly from the house and this stroller had been folded less than 10 times.The side latch that broke is inside the frame and can not be repaired even by the bike store -LRB- this was confirmed by customer service -RRB- . Unfortunately the stroller was six months out of warranty and instep will do nothing to help . I called and the bike store called and the company says no warranty no luck.This part is innacessible to replace and as I said the stroller had been folded so few times I am very very disapointed with the product and this company and will never buy from them again . For such an integral part to fail is a real shame .
 This stroller is not for little toddlers and definitely not for babies in arms . It swam around my daughter when we got it at 6 months and it was only after she turned one we could use it at all . The shoulder harnesses do n't hold her in now that she 's grown more , and they 're adjusted so she 's pinned against the back of the stroller . She just slips her arms out the sides . The lap harness is hard to fasten . You HAVE to raise the front tire if you want to turn , and the front wheel has always seemed a little off balance , no matter what I try . I would not recommend this stroller at all .
 This stroller was cute and cheap , so I bought it . Not being a serious runner , I did n't want to spend the money for a high tech jogging stroller . However , this stroller broke after one use ! It still rides fine , but it wo n't collapse at all . Also even when it did fold up , there 's no latch to keep it closed . The rubber grip on the handrail ripped after one use as well . This stroller is very poorly made . The cup holder is also worthless for a regular water bottle .
 i ret this item as soon as it arrived bc the box itself said only up to 50 lbs ... i have a 3yr old who already is tall and 40lbs ... we go for 3-5mi walks and i wouldnt spend that kind of money on sumthing we will not get much use out of ... so be careful when reading the product descriptions they are not always accurate
 Okay . I should have read the description more closely and examined the materials listed . That 's on me . But when I took this out of the package , I could n't believe the vinyl smell . I threw it in the wash with some other laundry and everything in there came out smelling like vinyl . I took the pad out and washed that laundry again , twice , and there was still a faint smell on the clothes but they aired out okay . I washed the pad by itself once more but it still reeked , so I ended up ripping off the vinyl , which came off pretty easily . I washed it again , twice , and aired it out for a day or two . I have since washed it three more times and the smell is pretty much gone . It 's an okay pad that you can get to fit the Graco P&P ; if you really try , but it does n't exactly fit like a glove . I would skip this one and just get a good-quality thick pad rather than waterproof.I really like the ABC/TL Care line of products and am pretty surprised that they came out with something like this .
 I ordered this pad to use with my Graco Pack 'N Play Playard with Reversible Napper and Changer . However the pad really too small for use with this playard . I ca n't recommend it .
 This mattress pad , while indicating it fit the pack n play , does not . It is too small . I 'm not sure what it does fit , but it does n't fit the pack n play .
 The mattress pad seemed perfect when it arrived I tried it on my Graco Pack n Play Pippin and it fit well . I washed it and dried it on LOW and it shrunk significantly !!! Save your money DO NOT BOTHER with this .
 I have washed this cover about four times and the waterproof liner has already ripped . On the plus side , it fits the Chicco Lullaby LX Playard , it is soft and my baby seems comfortable on it .
 After the second wash the plastic has melted and torn . I followed the directions and my dryer has a sensor on it so that it does not heat things . Still it is a mess . Going to return amd look for a new one .
 Did not fit the pack n play for which it came up with , to purchase to go with the pack n play . There was no dimensions to go by in the info for the pad .
 We just bought this mattress pad after reading some great reviews . I tried it on before washing it and it fit great in our Pack 'n Play bassinet . I washed it - following the instructions , and it shrunk so much that now the bassinet pad bunches up . I 'm not sure we 're going to be able to use this waterproof pad at all , which is disappointing .
 The liner is decent , however the fit for a chicco pack n play is not great . It bunches and I found it too thick to use .
 I am not pleased with this product at all . You can only wash it with cold water and dry it on low heat . Which is very strange for bedding/linens . Unfortunately , I did not read the label and washed mine with warm water . This in turn put holes in the vinyl layer .
 I bought this for our new Graco Element Playard after reading many positive reviews on Amazon . In anticipation of our baby 's arrival , I washed it so that we 'd be all set . -LRB- Also , a pre-wash is recommended on the packaging -RRB- . But after following the manufacturer 's washing instructions -LRB- cold wash , tumble dry low -RRB- , the vinyl melted and gathered in one big spot on the back . So now there are a bunch of holes , and the pad is n't going to stretch enough to even fit the mattress . Very disappointing . What a waste of money!Also , as a side-note , when I tested the sizing on the Pack 'N Play mattress -LRB- before washing -RRB- , it was too big . I figured it 'd be fine once I put a lot of effort into making sure to pull and smooth any extra material to the underside of the mattress . And after I put a sheet over top to help hold everything in place . -LRB- For reference , this is the Playard we have
 This is a waste of money since it does n't fit the playmat since it shrunk after one wash in delicate cycle .
 Bought this for a Pack n ' play based on positive reviews -- should have trusted the reviewer who said it would n't fit the pack n ' play because it does n't ! Seems like a good quality item if it fits your mattress . -- be sure to measure !
 This mattress is not worth the amount I paid for it . Made using cheap materials . I advise potential buyers to look elsewhere .
 This completely fell apart the first time I washed it , has n't even been used yet and it is destined for the trash !
 I finally got the mattress cover , washed it per the instructions ... and it shrunk ! Could barely get it on the mattress . Very disappointing .
 This pad does n't add any comfort . What a waste of money when we bought it for our first child . Our son did n't like sleeping in the playard at all . Now we are using the mattress topper by MamaDoo Kids with our daughter , which we received as a gift , and what difference ! Not only it has the perfect dimensions and but it makes the playard super comfy .
 I ordered this for a pack n play just to see . It is too loose . So in case you are wanting to try this for your own pack n play ! Also , I do n't know why but I kind of assumed American Baby meant made in the USA . But it was made in China , FYI .
 I ordered this pad to use on the Chicco play yard . It fit pretty well . However , I washed and dried the pad -LRB- gentle cycle , low heat -RRB- before the first use and when I pulled it out of the dryer , the waterproof vinyl was melted and there were big holes in the vinyl , making it useless as a waterproof pad . I received a free replacement and it only melted a little bit the first time , so I kept it . The second time I washed/dried it however , it melted the same way .
 This was sold together with a crib sheet and a Baby Bjorn but it 's almost too small . Mattress would only go flat after lots of pressure was applied . Crib sheet is even smaller . Fortunately it will be used by a one year old who is large enough to flatten it but it would have been unsafe for immediate use by an infant .
 I bought this item because the measures seemd good for the babybjorn travel crib . Actually the measures are wrong , the true meassures are a couple of inches shorter and it is unusuable with the babybjorn crib .
 I 've never left a review before but felt I should on this one . Our now has a big hole in the back after only the 2nd time washed . I 've never had this happen with any mattress pad cover before so I was really disappointed .
 Despite the fact that this item appears when using search terms for pack n play mattress pad , it is too small for the specific product and crunches the mattress up . It should not be associated with this product , although it might fit other portable cribs . Stay with the product made by Graco with the appropriate size .
 I found the American Baby Sheets and Mattress pads very small for the mattress that actually comes with the pack n play , and extremely thin . When I put them on , they bent the corners of the pack n play mattress , and even did the same to the after-market mattress I bought -LRB- but they fit the after-market mattress better -RRB- . So I 'm off to buy the actual Graco version in the hope s that it will be a better fit .
 Attempted to wash the product prior to first use according to to directions and it melted . Worthless .
 I bought two of the pads for a Graco Pack and Play . I made sure to try them to ensure a good fit before washing them and pre-wash they fit perfectly . One cold wash and a tumble dry and they shrunk to the point where they no longer fit and are unusable . They are so small that they make the PNP mattress fold up on itself . A waste of money and I can not return them now that they have been washed . Not sure what would happen with a cold wash and a line dry , but be warned .
 Unfortunately I believed a previous review that this item fits the Baby Bjorn Crib Light 2 and upon checking out when Amazon said the Baby Bjorn is often purchased with the American Baby Waterproof Quilted Crib cover and the fitted sheet - I purchased both . NEITHER FITS so listen to Baby Bjorn when they say ONLY Baby Bjorn sheets fit our Baby Bjorn crib light 2 !
 We purchased this to use with our DaVinci mini crib and it is way too thin to use as a main mattress . If it was for travel with a pack and play it would be fine , but not to use as a baby 's main crib mattress . The Crescent 5 '' mattress is the one we ended up with and is perfect .
 I bought this bouncer to match my carseat . I thought that the portable feature would make it worth the xtra money but i was wrong . My biggest issue with it is that it is at a much higher angle than most bouncers so a newborn can not sit comfortably in it . They start to slide to one side because they cant sit up that well . By the time the baby is old enough to sit comfortable in it they weight to much to sit in it because it only holds up to eighteen lbs . My son screamed evey time i put him in it . I had better luck just putting him on the floor on a blanket when i traveled . The other issue i have with it is the toy bar does not stay on tight it fell off every time i bumped into it . If my son actually liked it it would have fallen right on top of him the first time he kicked the toy bar . Your better off buying a portable swing if your looking for portability . My son loves the Fisher Price - Lil Laugh N Learn Bouncer It has lights and plays actual songs i 've been using it since i came home from the hospital .
 This changing table cover was okay . After first wash , it was still okay . Then after consecutive washes , the seams began falling apart . Maybe it was just mine , not so sure . I only have one changing table cover , when soiled , I use the larger/rectangular receiving blankets .
 I bought this changing pad cover because it was really affordable . However , I did not read the description closely enough where it states ` flat changing table cover ' . I have a Summer Infant changing pad that is the standard shape and size and this cover did not fit - it is way too small to cover the pad . Make sure when you purchase this you have a FLAT changing pad .
 Purchased this item for a Serta contour changing pad and it was n't until it was on the changing pad that I realized it did n't fit correctly because it was n't made for a contoured changing pad . I guess I did n't fully read the description so the ill fit was n't that big of a deal . However , the material seems kind of cheap and the terry tends to pick if you catch velcro - from a diaper tab or swaddle blanket - on it . Overall I like the Carter 's and Babies R Us brand changing pad covers much better - the better quality is worth the few extra dollars . I would not purchase this item again , even if it did fit the Serta changing pad .
 i figured this is something you can go cheap on . how hard is it to make a decent changing pad cover ?! this is poor quality terry , too small for the pad , and already has a hole in the seam after 2 washes .
 I chose this cover for the color and material . I was very disappointed when I put it on the change pad and it did not fit . Our change pad is a standard size by Summer Infant . It did not fully cover the sides and I put something in the center , about the weight of a baby -LRB- I am due next month -RRB- the corners lifted off . It is too bad because I really liked it and had to return it .
 I was excited to find a changing pad cover for $ 10 , but I will be returning this item . The material is SO THIN ! It 's a tad small for a standard size , contoured changing pad so it comes up a bit on the sides which looks very ugly . The purple is a dull lavender , I was hoping it would be a little more vibrant in color . The color I could overlook , but it 's so thin and small that there 's no point in having it . With a coupon I can get a yard of nice minky fabric in the color I want for less than $ 10 and make my own nice thick minky dot changing pad cover . Even if you 're not handy with sewing though , it 's worth it to spend a little more and get something worth having . Do n't waste your time or money on this item .
 These are not as useful and practical as the folding binsFabric Folding Bin - Sage . We originally were going to use them on our baby changing table but have the bins now instead and use the baskets for storage in our closet . The liners are really synthetic feeling so we threw them away as they are not really necessary . They do n't hold as much as you think they will and are not as sturdy as they look .
 I purchased this stroller recently after having owned another Instep that was well worn after 3 years . I live by the beach and after 3 years of use it was all rusted out so I bought this so I could have smooth ride with my new baby.Though these strollers are on the low end of the spectrum , I was hoping Instep would have made some upgrades to their line , but it appears they have n't - other than new colors -LRB- which are n't even better in my opinion -RRB- . The canopy is still not long enough to cover my babies legs/feet , so I have to clip a blanket to the canopy and drape it so it protects him from the sun at certain angles . Also , the material is still thin and has absolutely no cushion . Once again , we had to , purchase the Kiddopatomus insert to cushion the baby . The 5 pt harness never changed either - it is still a cheap and thin black strap with no padding and I worry that it is uncomfortable for my baby . Lastly , the strap that goes between babies legs appears to be shorter than the previous stroller I owned and it 's so tight it hurts the baby when I pull the buckle through . I 'm calling Instep tomorrow to see what they are going to do about it . Unfortunately , it is sewn into the stroller seat so it 's not going to be an easy replacement or fix.I recommend paying $ 100.00 more and upgrading to something else . The Schwinn 's looked like the next step up .
 I got this stroller in late 2009 and I did n't know what I was looking for , so I thought lightweight would be best for a jogger stroller . However , who cares if it 's lightweight because this stroller is hard to use . It is : - hard to fold down/close-very uncomfortable for baby -LRB- my son always cried sitting in it , finally I put a blanket down for him to sit on so he could bare it -RRB- - the cup holder is too small . This SUCKS for someone who wants to put a water bottle in it for jogging ! Now I put the water bottle in the bottom basket , but I ca n't reach it when I 'm jogging.-uncomfortable straps for child , that are also hard to use and adjust - no drink tray for babyI seriously recommend not buying this . It 's even been discontinued on their website , along with all their strollers designed like this . They now design their strollers without all the things I just mentioned probably because nobody liked them .
 the quality and feel is nice . it was just too small for our basinet . would work perfectly for the nature 's purest basinet mattress .
 I expected ecru to be off white maybe lite tan . The color of the sheet I recieved was a true dull yellow .
 In general I would say it 's a nice carrier with nice colors , the reason it gets a 2 star rating . The problem I had that the fit was too snug for my little one . Every time I put her in the carrier she would get claustrophobic and start crying to get out . My baby 's legs started to get purple because the leg openings where too small for her legs . She is now 3 months and the carrier is too tight/snug for her . I would recommend a carrier with adjustable leg openings , especially if your baby baby does n't have skinny legs . If you have a tiny baby you can go ahead but they will outgrow it very fast . My baby was 5 lbs at birth and by 3 months I had to put the carrier away .
 This potty chair is a pain ! The design is odd and flat . The urine hit the splash guard and ends up under the little tray . It seems to collect in weird places , out of sight , and mysteriously appears later . I 'm constantly wiping this thing , it 's just a messy design . My 2 year old really does n't like to use this one . It 's her last resort . It was also pretty pricey for what it is . At first , I thought that using it someday as a stepstool might oftet the high price , but now I just regret buying it in the first place .
 At first my family loved the look and utility of the bench . We liked that it did not have the look of a potty as it sits in our kitchen . We thought it would also be great as a step stool for the kids to wash theirs hands at the sink and that 's when we discovered how dangerous it is . The bench does not have any rubber feet and since our kitchen floor is tiled , the moment our daughter reached over to turn on the faucet , the bench slid out and nearly caused her to bang her head on our granite counter top.We thought that surely this was just a packaging error and that the rubber feet were somehow missing from our box . After all , any designer for children products -LRB- especially step stools -RRB- should consider safety first so we contacted Boon . This was their response
 I had to order this online as Hawaii did not have it at the time I bought it . What a disappointment !!! My son has a hard time keeping his urine in the potty because the shield is too small . Also , my son is tall , so the seat is not comfortable and the pot itself is very small . If I could do it again , I would wait until he showed signs of readiness instead of buying what I liked . I would let him see what fit him best and how effective it would be being that some of the potties do not have shields for boys . Really check and see if your child fits in the seat appropriately and if you have a son , make sure to see if the shield will fit him properly . Buyer beware !! If you want to try another seat , try the Baby Bjorn . I have found that my son is more comfortable in that chair and we have no mess as the shield is very high .
 The seat of the potty is so small that my son ca n't sit comfortably to do anything on it ! The opening is ridiculously small and the one time he actually used it , it was a total mess!The colors are nice and it 's cute and it 's a great stool and good toilet paper holder and he is very amused by the fact that it stores toilet paper in the sides but ah ... was n't this supposed to be a potty first and foremost ? I 'm now looking for a new one .
 The potty has a very small opening and my son was too big to sit comfortably on it by the time he was ready to use it . I have noticed that many of the postive reviewers mention they have a daughter . I think that many little girls potty train at a much earlier age than boys , and so the small size of the seat is not an issue for them . I would say that a child sized 18-24 months would fit comfortably on the seat ... if your child is already a 2T or larger , you 'll probably be better with another potty .
 I did n't buy this potty but rather got it second-hand from my sister . That said , if I had bought it , I would have returned it right away . To be honest , I have n't tried it out with my daughter so the issue is n't whether it works or not but it 's design . There are so many crevices and nooks in this thing that should a mess happen where peepee did n't go where it was supposed to go then you would have to immerse the whole thing in clorox to properly santize it . I ran into this just cleaning it up to try using it.It is a cool design and that it can be used as a sturdy stepping stool is good but I think the cleaning hassel would be too much of a headache . I have a Baby Bjorn and with all it 's two pieces it weighs nothing and has no such crevices . I 'm keeping the boon as a stepping stool only .
 my daughter uses this . . I just wan na throw it out . . PROS . . Looks nice.Alright . . step stool.Storage.CONS . . Its big.Doesnt have grippy bottom.Directions say not to lean on backing , I keep mine up against a wall.THE BIGGEST CONcleaning it . . it might look smooth but it had a bunch of nooks and crannies on the inside on the pull out tray thing . . I could clean it a dozen times and I still cant get the urine smell off of it . . its gross . . I am going to try to COMPLETELY dunk it in cleaner . . and even if that works , still pointless ! I dont want to have to fill up a bathtub in chemicals to clean a potty chair everyday . .
 I bought this potty because reviewers said it fit their taller/bigger/older children best . We were definitely challenged with finding a potty to fit our son who is a big kid for his age , he 's not yet 2.5 years . While this potty bench seemed like a good option , he has been attempting to use it and it is extremely difficult to get him positioned just so behind the shield . The shield is too small in height and width , it is a very difficult target for a toddler . We have tried to direct him behind it or get him to point down , but for a new trainer , all of this creates more anxiety than anything else . We are extremely frustrated . The design of this chair is very thoughtful in the way the shield inserts , unfortunately it does not function well .
 I believe this potty would work well for a girl . However , it is not a potty to buy for a boy or atleast not a taller boy . I purchased 2 . My son is small enough that I can help direct him into the orange guard . My nephew is way too tall and it in not possible to direct him into it at all . The toilet paper and storage sides are a huge hit with both boys , but the function issues seem like something the manufacturer should have product tested and worked out prior to marketing . I would also suggest putting rubber on the bottom to keep it from sliding while ysing as a step stool .
 We got this because it looked nice an would n't be an eyesore in our bathroom and it closed . It 's rather large so it just seems to be in our way all of the time , the seat is too narrow so when our boy sits on it the guard squishes him in all the wrong places because the sides squish his thighs in , which in turn squishes other parts so we have to wedge the guard in between his legs and by that point he 's had enough , therefore not wanting to sit on it any longer . We 've found that an insert for the toilet is much easier than this .
 I got these buckets when my son was about 6 months old . He was never ever interested in them and they spent more time on my head and my husband 's trying to get him to look at them than him actually playing with them . I have been trying to push them on my daughter since she was born ; she is now 11 months old and has yet to even cast a look at them . The only redeeming quality for me has been the little stuffed toys that came with them ; my son liked to chew on them and that 's about it .
 I love the cute island surf theme , but that is pretty much it . The toys come off way to easily , the mat is to thin to go directly on the floor , the pillow is an odd shape and not supportive of a child 's head , and the aquarium part is hard to fill with water and becomes to cold for my child 's liking .
 I gave this two stars because it is a cute concept but as far as a tummy-time mat it really is pointless . The point of tummy time is for baby to use his/her muscles on his/her own and by having a pillow under baby it really defeats the purpose . My son sometimes enjoyed himself and sometimes did n't but in the end we rarely ever did tummy time and when we would I would just put him on a blanket on the floor , sit on my tummy in front of him and shake a rattle . They make so many cute toys and things out there that catch new mommy and daddys ' eyes but in the end my son is rolling over without having used his tummy time mat very often at all .
 i had a very hard time getting mine full with water ... it said to remove valve ... when i did that is was sealed shut so no water would go in ... i 'm sure my son would like it if i could get the water in ...
 I got so excited when I saw this tummy-time mat . My enthusiasm was hedged when I read that the water pouch needed to be EMPTIED DAILY . If had known that little detail , I would not have registered for this mat . I must also confer that the neat little toys do stick together - bummer . Honestly , now I am skeptical of any `` tummy time '' mat . I think my boys prefer a brightly colored , patterned blanket , toys within reach , and lots of parent encouragement to stimulate their tummy time needs . Better off spending the money elsewhere .
 Guys , tummy time is great , fun and worthy.However , this mat is a waste . It is very small . It has very limited purpose and a limited developmental age range . You can simply use a blanket on the floor and whatever other cute toys you have lying around will work just fine to keep your baby interested and trying to look around . Heck , ours loved tupperware and wooden spoons from the kitchen more than the little foam creatures inside the water pillow on this thing , creatures which really do n't move very freely . And once your kid can wriggle more and roll over , if you 're trying to provide some padding or even just limit his face-to-floor/carpet contact time before he can lift his head for longer periods , this item is just too narrow . It 's really a waste of space . -LRB- A good way to check how useful something * really * is is to see how many dozens are listed `` like new '' at any one time on eBay :-RRB- If you have a simple play gym -LRB- the square mat with the arches that go from corner to corner -RRB- that works much better and challenges baby 's development for a longer period.To grandparents , friends and relatives of expecting parents
 Seems like a good idea until you read that the water in the pouch has to be emptied daily and it 's really impossible to empty it completely . I ended up throwing the pouch away so as not to deal with mildew issues .
 This mat is terrible ! It 's very poorly made . Everything about it seems cheap . Within 1/2 hour of us filling it with water , the entire thing had leaked through the side of the pouch -LRB- not the hole to pour the water into -RRB- and soaked the mat and our carpet . Not only did it soak through but the dye in the material stained our carpet pink . I would never recommend this product to anyone !
 My baby does not like this toy at all . I wanted to stimulate her , by helping her push up better , and getting her upper body stronger , and I thought the mat looked like fun . Every time I lay my little girl on it she starts to cry within seconds . She seems so uncomfortable on the prop that she does n't even take the time to discover the hanging toys , or bother with the swimming creatures . It 's also a pain to have to take what little free time I have in the day after she goes to sleep , to empty and refill the water cushion with sea creatures . Additionally the water creatures stick together really easily while you are filling the toy , and they are hard to get apart . I would n't bother with this one .
 My son hated this mat at first , then he played in/with it for about 5 days ... after that , it got old ! Mighty quickly . My son is now about to make 5 months old , and he does n't even want to look at it . Waste of money for me .
 Do not register for this thing . You have to put water in the little aquarium pocket and empty it daily -- what a hassle . The mat itself is machine washable but the pillow , which gets drenched in drool and spit up , can only be lightly surface-cleaned . Pretty gross . We used ours for less than a month and than tossed it .
 I bought it because we love surfboards . However , the little aquarium is too difficult to fill and empty - I never successfully did either one - and the instructions say it should be done daily !?! In addition , the pillow ends up full of saliva and the instructions say to give it only a light surface wash - gross !
 In order to work for jogging , the front wheel must lock firmly out in front . The Safari 's front wheel locks rearward , providing an inadequate wheelbase for jogging . Furthermore , it does not lock firmly . It rattles side-to-side badly . This stroller is NOT usable for jogging , and any claim to the contrary is a falsehood .
 I bought this stroller less then a year ago . The front swivel wheel constantly shakes and the seat is already ripping at the seams . Piece of JUNK !
 I am an australian living here in the US for 3 months and needed a double stroller but did not want to pay huge dollars for it . I was excited when I saw this on Amazon . I am glad that I only need it for 3 months , it is pretty poor quality . I am only hopeful that it stays in one piece up until I leave.Firstly , I paid an extra $ 30 delivery to get it quickly and then it arrived missing the part that keeps the the left had seat up . I rang InStep and they said they would send one over quickly . 7 days later I rang again . I questioned wether I should recieve reimbursement for the delivery -LRB- basically I did not receive all of the pram -RRB- the service woman was not impressed with this query and said that they would not charge me delivery for the part that they did not send me in the first place - how nice of them . I had to tie the cords at the back of the seat so it was upright while waiting for the part . 10 days later it arrived . No-one bothered to mention to me on the phone that there are little toggles on the end of the cords that do n't come off so I CANT PUT IT ON !! Secondly , the front wheel jams when you sometimes turn corners . The only way to fix this is to push the pram back and forth until it rights itself . This is very annoying when you are on a busy street . Doing this however bent the axle and the front wheel fell off . My poor father had taken my son for a long walk and had to push the pram back on its back wheels because there was no front wheel . I am now super cautious to use this pram in case the wheel falls off.The quality of the material is pretty poor , if you spill something on it , it just get sucked up into the material - it also looks alot better on the internet than in person.People have commented on the sunshade , this has not bothered me . I kind of think that the front wheel staying on is a great priority.When we first got to the US we hired a baby trend and the front wheel rattled like crazy if you went faster than a slow walk and I thought , there is no way I will buy this one . I am now wishing I did - at least the wheel stayed on.Please buy with caution and hopefully you get all the parts delivered !
 Bought stroller from BABY AGE and opened it . Did not like the stroller , handle is too low , but I 'm six foot tall . Called about returning the stroller . I was told that if it was rolled around the house it was considered USED and could not be returned . This is NOT the return policy is listed on their site.Filed complaint with Better Business Bureau . Company a NIGHTMARE to deal with .
 This stroller may seem like a bargain , but three-wheeled double strollers are much more dangerous than four-wheeled strollers . Whenever you are putting weight on the front wheel , like when are on uneven ground or going up even one step , the entire stroller becomes unstable and can tip . This happened to us . Just going up one step onto our patio , the stroller tipped , and we have two bumped heads . Maybe you should n't even go up one step , but the reality is that three-wheels give a lot less balance than four.Certainly worth the extra money for a four wheeled jogging stroller !
 My husband is 5 ' 8 and I 'm 5 '11 and the handle for this stroller was so low that it put our wrists in an akward position . As for the swivel action just like all the other swivel double joggers I 've tried the stupid wheel shakes if you go faster than a slow walk or hit a bump in the road . I have given up on the double jogging stroller that swivels . Save your money and get one that does n't swivel because you 'll just end up locking the wheel anyways .
 Since this double jogging stroller was one of the least expensive ones available , I tried to keep my expectations low . But all the positive reviews convinced me that maybe this was one of those rare occasions where you actually get more than what you pay for . A good deal , even . It 's not . The fabric is cheap and the padding is flimsy . There is no separation between the two seats so both kids roll toward the center . There is no hand brake so if you 're on any incline , you 'll need to apply the foot break with is really stiff and difficult to use . It should n't be called a foot brake if you have to squat down under the stroller and yank it up and down with your hand to engage or release it . The canopy is a joke , barely shielding the kids heads when the sun is directly above and useless if the sun is anywhere else in the sky . The pushing handle is rubber , not soft foam . The handle is also wasit high for me , an average height person , so my wrists are always at an uncomfortable angle while pushing . The color of blue is ugly and generic looking . The seats wo n't sit up straight enough and my kids get tired of slouching . They ca n't reach the front bar of the stroller when they are fastened in so it ends up being just some other obstacle to putting them into the stroller . The fasteners on the belt are sharp and hard to fasten , pinching my fingers each time I use them.I hope I can save someone the trouble of thinking this stroller is a good deal and then having to pay to return it .
 I had very high hopes for this stroller . I 've had an Instep jogging stroller with a fixed front wheel for two years and needed a double stroller so I went straight back to Instep . This stroller had a structural FAILURE which caused the front wheel to fall off while I was jogging with my children . The stroller flipped over causing injury to both my children , 2 years and 5 months , and me . I advise all parents to look very closely at this stroller for any signs of structural problems around the front wheel . I will not buy this stroller again and advise all parents to look elsewhere.UPDATE
 The day we received the stroller we were very excited . We put the stroller together which was very simple per instruction . However , when we took the stroller out of the entryway of our house the elbow of the stroller where the stroller folds caught the underarm of the babies skin and pinched it into the elbow . Of course it tore the skin and the baby was screaming . We have not used the stroller again and we are still trying to resolve this issue with the company . I would not reccommend this double jogger to anyone at this time .
 Do not think you can jog with this stroller and the back rests are very short . my 3 year old 's head was completely over the top of the back of it , which would be fine if you could sit the seats up . They lean way back at their highest position.Here 's the kicker ! The wheel fell off and the stroller when tumbling forward and landed on the pavement on TOP OF MY CHILDREN WHOSE FACES GOT SCRAPED UP !!!! I WOULD NEVER EVER EVER recommend this stroller to my worst enemy . Save your money and get a BOB , even if it 's just work walking.Oh and did I mention that the axle in the back is bent after only a year ? And that the rickety clicking sound was there after a month and never went away ? And that it 's hammock style so that means the kids just lean into each other and get angry with one another ? What a hideous investment .
 I originally had my heart set on the BOB but could n't justify spending the money . After reading the reviews on this stroller , I decided to go with it because all of the reviews seemed positive . The first time I tried the stroller , the left side wobbled a lot and the front tire shook . After having several people look at it , they decided it was put together correctly and it should n't have that problem . Long story short , I ended up returning the stroller and got the BOB . The BOB is the best stroller I have ever owned and it is definitely worth the money !
 When my husband and I ordered this stroller , we read all of the great reviews . Yes , the stroller is great looking . Yes , it rides really smoothly . However , upon actually using the stroller , we have had the front swivel wheel fall off of the stroller TWICE while both of our daughters were inside . The front wheel is attached with a lock-in lever , which apparently comes loose on its own , after use . This is a dangerous stroller and should be purchased with great caution . I am trying to get in contact with InStep , as the wheel should be screwed in securely , not with a latch . This is recall material !
 Well , I have to start by saying this stroller seems to handle nice and folds easy , almost seems lighter than my JEEP single three wheeler -LRB- Which I LOVE !!! -RRB- BUT-YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR ! I thought i researched enough but ... The cheap price comes at a price .1 . The canopy or lack there of is an insult to the consumer ! It only shades the children if the sun is at noon or behind us .2 . The parent `` Console '' is a floppy mesh bag that holds a bottle and keys , but do n't expect it hold your bottle upright , it just dangles from the handle bar leaning way too backward .3 . The storage below is great -- if you can get to it ! It is positioned way too far under the stroller you must stoop , and kind of blindly wave your hand around for what you want -LRB- what the kids want -RRB- : -RRB- 4 . My kids are 6 months and 21 months . Both of them are forced to lean to the inside . No matter what i do with the cord -LRB- uses a cord to raise and lower seat backs -RRB- Or seats , they still are crushed together after only one week . I can figure after years but one week ??? 5 . My 21 month old is 26 pounds and normal height 36 '' She is almost hitting the top of the canopy in the upright position . Not much room to grow !! 6 . The brake works great ! Just have to stoop and use your hands to disengage it from the dirty wheels ! A foot release would have been great since that is how it 's engaged!Bottom line
 I bought this stroller last week -LRB- first week of June 2009 -RRB- . I was excited about the price , and the fact that it was a front swivel double jogger , however once it was assembled I was disturbed for the following reasons :1 -RRB- the `` shade cover '' does not shade at all , let me re-word - it will shade but only when the sun is directly above our heads -LRB- noon -RRB- 2 -RRB- my two boys ages 2 & 4 did not appreciate the fact that they were always forced to sit on an incline , the seats are adjusted by a drawstring in the back and the highest that the seat goes , they were still on an incline , and not able to sit upright and hold onto the lap bar3 -RRB- Finally , my biggest annoyance with the stroller , is the fact that it is to wide to go through a normal doorway . We went to the mall and I actually had to take out my kids from their seats , fold up the stroller , and attmept to put them back in . -LRB- which did not end well -RRB- SHORT END OF THE STORY - I SENT IT BACK AFTER ONE WEEK OF USEI would not reccomend this product to someone , unless that person is planning on using the stroller on a cloudy day , with kids that do not mind being slouched , and have no intersts in going through a doorway .
 I bought this stroller second-hand but in excellent condition . I have two two year-old boys of medium size for their ages , and , with winter coats on , this stroller is just too small . The straps on the five-point harness are adjusted to their loosest , and yet they are too tight . Sometimes I ca n't even fasten them ! That is n't the only size problem , either ; their heads touch the top , and their is n't enough room width-wise , either.The `` sunshade '' is utterly useless . It might as well not even be there . It only `` protects '' from the sun if the sun is directly behind you . I have to drape a blanket off the front of the shade when heading into the sun , no matter where in the sky it is , or my sons complain.The one good feature are the underseat baskets , which are large and easier to access than our BOB Revolution . Also the swivel front wheel , but the BOB has that , too.As far as handling , I find this stroller a bit cumbersome . While it fits out the gates from our backyard , I can never get through without hitting one side or the other and having to readjust.I am seriously considering re-selling this stroller and just sucking up the very expensive cost of the BOB . I love the single Revolution that I have , and I do think it is worth it .
 I was grossly disappointed with the small size of this product and wish I had read others ' reviews before ordering . I am returning the bank because it is no where near the 16.1 inches it boasts in the description . I bought it for my 3 year nephew who surely will have more change than this can hold . It is beautiful and would be a nicer gift for a newborn . No doubt it is high quality and lovely to look while not being something easily broken . If they could just make a bigger version I would reorder it !
 The product details/description states that the train dimensions are 16.1 x however wide and however tall ... I was under the impression that I had purchased a much larger train than I had received . Very disappointing .
 Like many others , I was surprised at the size of this train . It is TINY . When an ad says 16.1 '' long , it should be somewhere close to that , not less than half . While the quality is good , it will hardly suffice as any type of bank . VERY disappointed ... My fault for not reading all of the reviews first ... . I gave it 1 star only due to the quality ...
 This is the biggest rip off ever ! All it is , is a flimsy piece of cloth sewn into a rectangular sack with a velcro closure . It 's like a project made by a middle school home economics student . I 'm going to use it , because it does serve a purpose , but had I known what it would look like , I would have made this myself . This is worth about $ 3 tops .
 This album is supposed to store 4x6 photos . Unfortunately , 4x6 pictures do not fit in the photo sleeve . I have to trim each picture approximately 1/4-inch to use the album . I previously wrote a review praising this company for their quick service and detailed packing of the album . The album is beautiful , but I would not have ordered it , if I knew I would have to cut up my photos .
 I do agree it 's a potty training kit but it 's actually regular pullups that you buy . You can get the mega pack with 40 in the pack for less than $ 15 when you use subscribe and save and the other things included you can get pretty cheap at your local grocery store or even at target . The stickers you can pick up at any 99cent store and you can print your own certificate online . Saving you a ton of money . Huggies would do anything to make an extra buck . Save your money and buy the regular pack .
 Just buy the pull-ups . Forget this so called kit . It 's not a kit at all . Just a bunch of papers we had to throw away and a few stickers .
 just buy the pull-ups . This kit is not needed . The wipes were died out and the coupons expired in dec2006 , I got kit in spring 2008 .
 Disgusted . The delivery looked very worn but we did n't think the damage was going to be more than superfacial so we gave it to our daughter . The unit inside was damaged ... scratched sides , bent drawer guides and missing half the directions . It looked USED ! Never again .
 I love how this booster fits in my chairs and my daughter thinks it is very comfortable , but BEWARE ... There is white text on the bottom of the booster and it has rubbed off on my leather chairs . I managed to remove it from my chairs the first time , but the second time I could n't get it all off so now you see white text on my chairs . I tried covering the text on the booster with clear packing tape , which worked pretty well until my toddler discovered it and kept ripping it off . Now it sits in our garage . What a waste .
 This product did not work for us . My son was 5 months old when we bought it . It was hard for him to play with toys that were on the ground because the POD sits up high . It was also hard to put him in the POD ... He was too big . This product would work better for a younger baby .
 I 'd give this chair 0 stars if that was an option . The chair seemed great at first in helping my son sit upright and practice his sitting skills . He started using the chair around 4 months old . I was very careful in using this chair . I only put him in it when it was on the floor and I was always nearby to supervise . One day my son was reaching for a toy next to the chair and he fell completely out of the chair flat onto his face . Luckily he was n't hurt and there was no furniture nearby for him to bump into , but this could 've been a very serious and scary hazard . The chair seems like a great idea , but I really want all parents to know that it is not safe . I have written the company to complain and am awaiting a full refund . DO N'T USE THIS CHAIR FOR YOUR BABY .
 Yes this is a lifesaver , but at the same time , it is a big waste of money . We luckily bought ours used so it is n't a big loss for us , but I would say hold off . It is really only good for your baby when they are n't quite big enough to sit on their own and when they are strong enough to hold their head up on their own . My daughter really only used it about a month . It 's very akward and she always seemed uncomfortable in it . She spits up a lot in it becaue the middle part of the seat pushes into her stomach when she leans forward at all . It she drops a toy if front of her she leans forward to try and get it . I think when you are at a certain stage of motherhood you are looking for anything that can hold your baby for a minute while you go to the bathroom or wash the dishes or whatever . Get something more like a papasan . We have used that since birth and she still likes it . It has good support and you can strap them into it . Really , this thing does n't help your baby learn to sit . It only let 's you set them down without them falling over . I would n't invest in this .
 I love this product but was a bit annoyed when I opened the box and there was only 1 snack cup . They advertise the picture with two so I thought I was getting two . I could have purchased 2 from a different vendor on amazon for only a little bit more .
 Do not buy this product . You only get one . The main picture is very misleading . Also , It shows the purple top and blue bottom . I got purple with stars . NOT what I had in mind for my son.We will be giving this away to a friend that has a girl.Not worth the hassle to return it.Go to Walmart or Target and you can get the 2 pack there for the same price as this ; which is only a one pack.I only ordered this because I figured it was the same price and I would n't have to go out and get it . But now I wish I would havejust picked up another pack at Target.It really looks as if sippy cups and other baby food/drink storage items are not a good deal via Amazon . It 's too bad because I buy a ton of stuff on here.Very disappointed in the misleading advertising .
 Maybe our daughter is too young to use this product as intended . As soon as we gave it to her , she understood how to reach in to retrieve a snack , but she quickly learned to completely remove the top . Ultimately , fun won out over hunger and she either held down one of the flaps and then shook the container ; thereby releasing all contents onto the floor and her lap ; OR she just removed the top and dumped the contents onto the floor and her lap . We gave it to our neighbors and their 15-month old is able to use the snack catcher just fine . It 's possible that our daughter will grow into being able to use this , but I 'm not entirely convinced . Why is it so easy to pull the top off ? A screw top instead of a pull on/off lid would be more appropriate , I think .
 I am very disappointed this is just a one pack when these are typically sold as two packs . I LOVE The Munckin snack cups nad have given these as shower gifts . I will now second guess using this seller and ordering baby items off Amazon .
 it worked for my 2 year old for a few days till she figured out how to open the lid and that was the end of this item ... . useless
 I purchased the snack catcher after having weighed the pros and cons from the product reviews . Upon using it , I initially thought it well-made and durable , despite the inevitable falling out of a few Cheerios whenever my 21mo toddler would use it . And she loved eating out of this cup . After a few weeks , however , I noticed several red scratch marks on her hand - the same hand that she uses to take the snack out of the cup ! I inspected her for a couple of days and decided to chuck the cover . I still use the cup part because we like the handle . Although there 's a lot of spillage without the cover , it 's better than the cuts she 's gotten . I wish Munchkin would redesign the cover to make it safer .
 Call me ditzy for not realizing that there was only one in the package , but the picture shows 2 . I should have read the fine print , but I felt this was a little misleading.And , $ 8 for 1 ???? If I had realized there was only one , I never would have bought it . And , I definitely would n't have bought it for a 2-year old that is smart and immediately knew how to get the lid off and dump his snacks everywhere !
 While this may be a really good product -LRB- do n't know , have n't tried it yet -RRB- , I placed my order expecting to receive 2 snack cups since the picture shows 2 . I was surprised when I received my order to learn that there was only one . Had I known this , I would have ordered from a different company that offered a second snack cup for 60 cents more than I paid for this one . I am very disappointed in Amazon that they supplied a photo which is misleading to the consumer .
 I should have paid more attention to the other reviews ! I love the snack cup , but did not realize that you actually only get one -LRB- even though the main picture is of two -RRB- . I honestly did n't even know they sold single packs , because I have only seen them sold as a pair . My mistake , but ca n't help but feel tricked and annoyed , especially since Target has them -LRB- two cups -RRB- on sale for $ 4.19 !
 This is the third munchkin product I 've purchased in the last six months and they 've all ended up in the trash or recycled or repurposed . This cup is a great idea , but was poorly executed . The plastic lid comes right off with barely a tug . It practically fell off twice while I was just holding it after getting the packaging off . I did n't even bother trying to use it as my son would have the lid off in seconds . I did n't buy this on amazon and do n't have the receipt so we 'll use the cup later when my son is older or for other things ... Too bad . I would NOT recommend this brand or this product to anyone .
 I bought this bath mat because it looked very useful . After having it though , I found that the top surface is very slippery -LRB- not what you want in a non-slip mat -RRB- , and it mildews very quickly underneath.Buy this mat instead
 Yes , the mat does n't slip in the tub due to all those suction cups . I wish I could say the same for the surface you actually stand on - it is extremely slippery when wet , and a danger to your health with soap on it . I finally decided after 3 months of trying to work with it to just chuck it in the garbage can . I bought a cheap mat at Walmart and it works just fine .
 i bought these bottles for my 1 1/2 month old daughter and did not like them . first of all you ca n't fill the bottle beyond 8 oz . or they leak from the cap and the nipples are to soft daughter had a hard time sucking on them they kept popping out of here mouth ! i like the ventaire or drop ins by playtex way better .
 I am a big fan of Graco walkers , this being the 4th one I have owned . All of them have had the same overall design , but just with different tray toys & colors . I would have to say that this is my lease favorite . I 'll get to why ... The design of the walker itself it a brilliant design . What I like best about it is the fact that it is all heavy duty plastic ... no metal , or metal-like parts -LRB- makes it lighter , neater looking , and less dangerous -RRB- . It 's wheels go nicely over hard surface flooring without leaving marks , but leaves something to be desired for carpet . It you remove the white rubber stripping on the bottom of the walker , it goes a lot better on the carpet . I do n't recommend doing this if you have stairs because this rubber strip is to help prevent it from going down carpeted stairs ... but I only use my downstairs so I do n't have to worry about it -LRB- plus you can reattach them if needed -RRB- . It adjusts in 3 different heights that I feel are perfectly spaced out for little ones learning to walk . It is also fairly easy to adjust . Assembly is a snap and you pretty much do n't need the instructions . It does come apart for storage , but you have to disassemble it -LRB- no folding option -RRB- . Now , why I gave this only 2 stars . Would have been 1 star , but the design won it an additional one . The toys on this tray absolutely SUCK ! They are stuffed animals that do n't do anything . It claims to be an interactive tray , but I ca n't get it to do anything but play a lame song only when I first turn it on . I do n't like that you ca n't wash them either . The tray does snap on and off easily , but whats the good of snapping it on if it sucks so bad ? The colors are not as vibrant as they look in the picture . I hate when baby toys are made to match what the parents find `` visually appealing '' because babies like bright and crazy colored things ... black , white , red , yello ... those things ... not soft neutral colors like this . The toys are designed more for an infant learning to sit rather than a little one learning to walk.Graco had another walker that was my favorite of all of them . It had a steering wheel , a shifter-like thing , a mirror ... all in bright colors with lights and a mirror . THAT was a good design Graco ... this one , not so much .
 Well my daughter did n't get much use out of this because it was hard to roll on carpet . While it was a cute walker and easy to assemble I found it to be very bulky and hard for her to use . My daughter did enjoy the toys and the animal sounds/songs .
 This great for about two seconds . It is a smart idea but poorly executed .
 This would be a great product if it were BPA free . They do not make a kit like this with the BPA free bottles , those are only sold separately in twos , but worth it !
 I 'm exclusivly pumping and was looking for a good way to store expressed milk in my freezer . Since my child is 3 months , she 's eating at least 5 ounces at a feeding . And since storage bags are expensive , I fill them all the way up . This product fits a TOTAL of 12 full bags . That 's $ 14.99 to store 12 bags of milk.I returned it . Now , I use the Gerber storage bags , and freeze them lying flat in my freezer with the ziplock part turned up so nothing leaks . Once frozen , I place the bag upright in an ice cube storage bin I bought for $ 1.99 . Each bin stores at least 15 , AND it 's easy to use the old milk and just push the fresh ones to the front .
 Have to agree with the other reviews - wish I 'd looked before I bought this . I think this is a pretty new product and when I saw it at BRU it seemed like a good idea . BUT , it DOES NOT hold what it says it does . I 've found the same thing other reviewers did - that you can only get about 12 bags in there.I 'm very disapointed because I 've generally liked the First Years products . The drying rack and the bottle warmer are great . This is the first that will be going back !
 I wish I would have kept the box so that I could return this . I agree w/the previous review -- it only stores 12 pkgs of milk frozen in Gerber bags . Buy a $ 1.99 bin and store way more ... save your money ... the bags , once they freeze , can be stored acc ` ding to dates in regular cheap bins .
 Like everyone else who bought this , it seemed like a great idea . Upon getting it home and using it though , it was useless . When I read the fine print on the box , it says it will only hold 24 if there is only 4 ozs in each bag . I assume they just want you to squish them on top of each other , which is just annoying.I , too , went back and bought a $ 1.99 ice cube storage bin which is the perfect size , and actually makes rotating th oldest easier , you just add to the back , unlike this product , where you would either have to put a marker in , constantly move each bag forward into a new compartment , or pick each one up and look at the date .
 I got this as a gift and I wish I had a gift receipt to return it ... I takes up too much space in the freezer and only holds 12 bags . Before I got this organizer , I used a tall rectangular snapware container with a lid ; it held more bags and took less space in my freezer . I 'm definitely going back to my good old container , I hope to find another use for this .
 Everything everyone else said PLUS : Previously frozen packs can not be put into the compartemnts as they did n't freeze in the proper shape.And yes , rotating is a pain .
 As other reviews have stated , each container -LRB- 2/box -RRB- will only hold 6-4 ounce milk bags . The containers are expensive and not at all worth the money .
 As said above , this product is useless . To add though , i dont understand how you `` stack '' them when you have to pull the bottom out -LRB- the support -RRB- . It just makes everything topple . Wish i had spent my money on other things !
 I am using this product now as it seemed like a good idea at the time , but I would not have purchased it if I had put some thought into it . Firstly and I think this is a bit dangerous for exclusively breastfed babies , the ounces are off on the storage bags . I know I placed 3oz in the most recent bag but it comes up as 6oz in on the bag . This is not good especially if mom is not home and a caregiver might be fooled into believing they have enough milk on hand . Secondly , the storage bags are expensive . Ziploc snack size bags are much cheaper and I am going to try those to see if they fit so I can as least make the most of the small spaces .
 when i first seen this product at toysrus i knew i had to add it to my online registery . i 'm glad i read the reviews first ... thanks to all who actully put their thoughts on here , saved me the hassle , and gave me ideas . THANKS
 We were considering these wipes until we found that some of the ingredients are considered to cause allergies and other health problems . The product title is somewhat misleading `` naturally refreshing '' has nothing to do with natural ingredients . Buyer beware ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I dont know what kind of crazy closet bar we have , I know it is new and was purchased at a hardware store ... and these do not fit . I really like that too = /
 But these do n't fit over older style wooden closet rods . I can get them on there but they 're bent slightly and wo n't move . Probably better for nonhistoric homes .
 I like this potty because it 's creative , something attractive to toddlers . My son likes to pee on it . It 's a pretty small potty . I am lucky my son is small and fits on it . Any average or bigger toddler would not fit on it . I wish it had an easier dumping feature . When you pee or poop in it , there 's no pouring cup to get it out . They pee or poop right in it so you have to flip the whole thing upside down to dump it into the toilet . So I guess there 's more clean up involved each time your toddler goes potty on it .
 This potty is really cute and the handlebars and rolling ball offer a distraction for a child who needs to sit there and -LRB- hopefully -RRB- go potty . Unfortunately , my son -LRB- who is 22 months -RRB- is unable to use it because it is so small . He is a little big for his age , but this seat seems to be made for a child who is very petite . When he sits on it , his knees go all the way up to the handlebars and bump on them . -LRB- it looks as if an adult is sitting on a tricycle -RRB- Plus , the actual part the child is supposed to go to the bathroom in is not very deep and so tiny that I think if my son was able to fit on the seat and go in it , once he went it would fill up the seat and wind up getting all over his rear ! So , while this is a cute potty I would not recommend it unless your child is extremely petite .
 This is a toy . My 1 year old grand daughter liked to play with it , but it is too small to use as a potty chair . It 's cute though . She pushed it around the room . My 2 year old grandson could n't use it as a potty chair and he 's not a big child . I would not recommend this as a potty chair .
 It 's cute and cheap ... but it 's hard plastic and just not comfortable for a first time potty user . I think doubling it up into this whole `` fun '' toy thing is distracting for the child and they might not really understand what they are meant to do ... -LRB- when they 're young , obviously for an older child - who should be on the small side - they might get it . -RRB- So , if I would be able to go back in time ... I would spend more $ $ and buy something with a padded seat and nothing that forces the legs apart so the child can decide how to sit and what is comfortable . -LRB- I have a girl though , so I do n't have to worry about `` the guard '' in the front . -RRB-
 If you could give this bassinet 0 stars I would . I am so unhappy with it . The picture of it is very misleading . To start the lace does not go as far as it is shown in the picture and there is a warning label very large right in the front of the bassinet in orange and the lace does not cover it up either so it is the first thing you see on the bassinet . A really bad place to put the warning sign . It is sewed very well on there too , we were able to get it off thankfully . Also the music box feature with music and light and vibration is underneath the lace on the front . Which makes having the light pointless because with the light on under the lace you can not see the light even on . If this bassinet did n't cost so much for shipping and to ship it back I would send it back but it is not worth the money wasted . Please do n't waste your money I ca n't see how anyone would be happy with this product .
 I personally was n't pleased with this product . I can not speak from the other scents as I have only used the Lavenders scented from this brand . I put the amount on the bottle in the flow of the water and used my hand to splash around in the water to build the suds and unfortunately it did n't produce a whole lot . On top of that they went away very fast compared to pretty much every other brand I have used . The smell was pleasent and I did appreciate that . Unfortunately , after about 2 weeks use my daughter developed a rash all over her lower body - literally the rash line stopped right around where the water line in the bath tub usually sits on her skin . We went several days ruling out any and everything that could have caused the issue and it came down to the bubble bath being the last thing on the list that could of caused it.Others may enjoy this product my myself personally it just was n't worth it and we switched to her old bubble bath .
 These chopsticks seemed ideal for my 3 year old , and they were great the first 2 times he used them . After only 2 uses , the rubber pieces in the clamp holding the chopsticks together broke and it never worked right again - one of the chopsticks would constantly fall out .
 These might be more appropriate for an older child . For my toddler , they were bulky in the grip and not secure enough -- they would roll past each other once he got a grip on some food , causing the morsel to go flying out of his grip .
 We 've found hit-and-miss uses for these chopsticks for our 2.5 year old son . I like that the connection piece helps to teach him proper technique but it 's a little bulky for his little fingers to wrap around . I tried adjusting them further down the chopsticks so that he would n't have to grip/hold the chopsticks together so hard to hang on to a piece of food . That seemed to help a bit . However , we 've found the material that the chopsticks are made out of to be too plastic-ky/slippery to be used with the foods that we eat . He 'll use them once or twice at the beginning of the meal and then , he gets frustrated and asks for his fork or spoon . It 's very exciting when he does get a piece of chicken or vegetable into his mouth though , so I 'm hoping that he 'll use the chopsticks more as he grows up and can give a firmer grip to his food . It 's so sad when he finally picks up a piece of food with the chopsticks only to have it fall out just as he 's about to put it in his mouth .
 The playtex bottles were highly recommended to me by another mom I know , but they suck ! Dr. Brown 's are so much better . The playtex nipples are much tougher , where as dr brown 's are softer and feel more natural .
 Just an FYI I bought these Nipples and 1 package was from 1997 and the other 2001 . I am sorry but I am not giving that to my daughter . Buyer beware !!!
 The new style pump and save bags are hard to use and not as functional as the old bags . The new style adds yet another piece of equipment to be washed and makes poring the milk out of the bag tricky . The old style -LRB- as was advertised and I believed I was purchasing -RRB- was much easier to use .
 DO NOT BUY THIS FROM AMAZON BECAUSE IT WILL NEVER SHIP AND THEY WILL TELL YOU THAT IT IS GOING TO SHIP TOMORROW AND IT NEVER WILL . PROMISES FILLED WITH FALSE HOPE ! THIS ITEM WILL NEVER SHIP ! I ORDERED THIS OVER A MONTH AGO AND KEPT GETTING EMAILS STATING THE DATE IT WILL SHIP , WHEN I NEVER GOT CONFIRMATION OF SHIPMENT I CALLED AND THEY TOLD ME AGAIN THAT IT WOULD SHIP TOMORROW.VERY UN-HAPPY !! IF YOU ARE GOING TO BUY THIS OR EVER THINK ABOUT IT ... CALL THEM FIRST TO VERIFIY THAT THE ITEM IS IN SHOP , BUT IT NEVER WILL BE !
 I may have received a `` lemon , '' but my experience with this chair so far is poor . Several pieces in the box were significantly damaged -LRB- large dents and deep , long scratches in the wood , one of the cushions was separating at the seams -RRB- and I spent 20 minutes on hold with the company to get replacement parts in `` maybe 15-30 days - if they have them '' ... As far as comfort , the chair is alright ... Just remember - you get what you pay for . If you do n't mind a chair that may arrive damaged , screws that do n't line up correctly - basically a cheap product that was made in China , then this chair is for you . If you want something that is sturdy and built to last , I would look into higher end gliders made by another manufacturer -LRB- Dutalier , Best Chair , etc. -RRB- .
 DO NOT BUY THIS FROM AMAZON BECAUSE IT WILL NEVER SHIP AND THEY WILL TELL YOU THAT IT IS GOING TO SHIP TOMORROW AND IT NEVER WILL . PROMISES FILLED WITH FALSE HOPE ! THIS ITEM WILL NEVER SHIP ! I ORDERED THIS OVER A MONTH AGO AND KEPT GETTING EMAILS STATING THE DATE IT WILL SHIP , WHEN I NEVER GOT CONFIRMATION OF SHIPMENT I CALLED AND THEY TOLD ME AGAIN THAT IT WOULD SHIP TOMORROW.VERY UN-HAPPY !! IF YOU ARE GOING TO BUY THIS OR EVER THINK ABOUT IT ... CALL THEM FIRST TO VERIFIY THAT THE ITEM IS IN SHOP , BUT IT NEVER WILL BE !
 I may have received a `` lemon , '' but my experience with this chair so far is poor . Several pieces in the box were significantly damaged -LRB- large dents and deep , long scratches in the wood , one of the cushions was separating at the seams -RRB- and I spent 20 minutes on hold with the company to get replacement parts in `` maybe 15-30 days - if they have them '' ... As far as comfort , the chair is alright ... Just remember - you get what you pay for . If you do n't mind a chair that may arrive damaged , screws that do n't line up correctly - basically a cheap product that was made in China , then this chair is for you . If you want something that is sturdy and built to last , I would look into higher end gliders made by another manufacturer -LRB- Dutalier , Best Chair , etc. -RRB- .
 I was disappointed with this product . First , it is heavy and difficult to move from place to place with one hand -LRB- as you often have to do things onehanded with a new born ! -RRB- Second , it broke and the vibrator stopped working after only 3 weeks of use , and I did n't use the vibrating feature that much at all . The battery cover is extremely hard to remove , and I replaced the batteries multiple times trying to get it to work . Now the entire unit is broken . The only good part about it is that the customer service department was helpful and are sending me a replacement bouncer .
 I purchased this bouncer for my second baby and I was very disappointed . I had one of the cheaper fisher price ones for my first child and it was great but this one looked so plush I just had to have it . My problem with it is that it does not bounce much . This chair does not allow you to bounce with your foot or very easily at all with one hand . I have it at home and do n't even use it . I started using my daughter 's chair and now purchased another fisher price chair . My baby did not like bouncer at all .
 We have had this glider for 4 months and are terribly disappointed.When it first arrived it smelled so strong of varnish that we could n't sit in it for three weeks.Once the fumes finally cleared and we had the opportunity to rock the baby we quickly noticed that the back is not at an angle that is comfortable for holding and rocking a baby.The wood creaks and groans with every movement , which does not help when trying to soothe a tired baby.The cushions have already started to wear out -LRB- and we 're both small people -RRB- . The most ridiculous thing is that random nuts and bolts fall out of the chair - no matter how often my husband replaces and tightens them.It 's a cheap chair and the quality is very , very cheap.My advice is to go to a brick and mortar store and actually rock a baby in the chair you intend to buy before making a purchase !
 This glider looks good but after a week it is making a loud creaking sound . My husband took it apart and put it back together to see if that would help and it did n't . I ca n't rock my baby to sleep when the glider makes so much noise .
 This chair is absolutely terrible ... I do n't think I have seen a worse glider out there . My mother-in-law bought this chair for us with the impending arrival of our second baby . We already had a glider that was a hand me down , but it was too big -LRB- I am a small woman -RRB- , and the fabric was getting yucky and it just did n't look that nice anymore . We got this chair as an alternative . It is definitely an ok size for a small woman , not so good for my 6 foot tall husband - but that is ok ! The worst thing about this chair is the squeaking . No matter how large or small the person who sits in it , it squeaks and makes horrible noises when you rock a baby ... . and this defeats the purpose , as when you rock a baby you are trying to get them to SLEEP ! What baby will fall asleep in a noisy , creaky , loud chair ? Yep -- no baby . No amount of WD40 fixed this problem ; no amount of ` tweaking ' the chair fixed this problem . Every time my husband or I sit down in it we talk about how much it sucks and how we should have asked for a better chair . I still use the big old ugly glider because it is blessedly silent ! DO NOT buy this chair . It is a waste of money . Pay for something better or go to a store and test out chairs .
 This glider chair is very poorly made we have had the base break three times since we bought it -LRB- less than a year ago -RRB- and the arms are now falling off . The customer service is excellent and the company had no problem sending us replacement parts , but seriously enough is enough . We used this glider for rocking our baby to sleep , every time it broke it would take us an extra hour or two to get the baby to sleep ... awesome . we are currently looking for a traditional rocker , which will hopefully last a little longer .
 I bought this glider a couple of months before my daughter was born . I had read all of the reviews about the glider and decided to take a chance . I had read that it was squeaky and the padding became uncomfortable . I used it occasionally before she was born and liked it . When she was born I have used it almost everyday . After about 2 months , it started to squeaking in the back of the chair and I could n't get comfortable because of the padding . I had to sit sideways to get comfortable and after about a half an hour , I had to readjust to get comfortable again . At about three months , I sat in the chair to put my little one to sleep , and the chair snapped ! Luckily , we did n't fall to the floor , I caught us before we got there . My husband tried to fix it , but was unsuccessful , now my dad is trying to fix it , but does not think that it will glide anymore because the track is worn out -LRB- I did n't think I used it that much ! -RRB- I guess you get what you pay for !
 I bought one of these and loved it initially . It was comfortable and smooth . But within 2-3 weeks , it started clicking and squeaking and then one of the bolts broke ! I assume it was a one-of-a-kind defect , so I returned it and replaced it with the same exact one . And the second one is doing the same thing ! In fact the bolt broke again so now I have to return the second one as well ! I am very disappointed in this chair . Definitely do not recommend .
 We have had this chair for almost 2 years now . It was fine for the first year but now it is falling apart . I wish I had paid the extra money for a chair that would last . The arm keeps falling off , the bottom squeaks and creaks loudly when barely rocking , and the cushon has gotten really thin . We do not even use the chair that often . I would n't recommend this chair unless you only intend to use it for short time .
 second time that my wife was using this chair to nurse our baby I noticed a rather large diagonal crack on one of the supporting beam under the chair -LRB- luckily I was sitting next to the chair on the ground so I could see under the chair -RRB- had I not noticed it god knows what would have happened if the beam would have broken.Bottom line this chair is extremely cheap quality and I would not trust my wife and baby on it , definitely think twice before purchasing this chair !
 this item is my worst purchase on Amamzon - 4 months and all the screws are falling off . The glider makes so much noise that i can not have my baby aleep in my arms . overall a really bad buy -
 I received this product on Dec 18 and when it arrived one of the dowels going across the base was broken . I called Storkcraft to ask for a replacement and they were more than happy to offer to send me a new base . They said first I must email my proof of purchase to them . I have been trying to email them ever since -LRB- today is January 8th -RRB- but the emails keep coming back rejected . I called them again and they said that they can only receive email attachments in jpeg format -LRB- I had been sending pdf -RRB- , so I tried again ... rejected . I then copied and pasted the receipt directly into the body of the email with no attachment ... rejected . They told me that I could fax them the proof of purchase ; but they are a Canadian company and sending them a fax will cost me $ 5.99 for the first page and $ 3.99 for the second . I give up on Storkcraft customer service . I am sending it back to Amazon and will have them send me a replacement instead.The chair looks great and will probably be very comfortable if I can ever get a base that is n't broken . The one star is because I have n't been able to sit on it yet . I assume it will move up to 4 or 5 star once I can .
 My husband and I were very surprised in the poor quality of this chair . We order frequently from Amazon and have always been pleased with the products they offer . We were looking for a mid-range priced glider and reasearched them pretty well . We decided on this storkcraft for the style and price . While it was very easy to assemble , the size of the back of the chair is extremely short . My head barely could rest on it , while my husbands head went above the back of the chair by a good 18 inches . The seat cushion is extremely uncomfortable , very thin , no padding at all . We gave the chair about 5 minutes before my husband disassembled it and we returned it . Thank goodness the assembly was not difficult or time consuming , and that Amazon is so amazing with their return policy . I would HIGHLY caution buyers against this chair . We 're going to consider a used better quality one from Craigs list .
 When we received the product , the fabric of the ottoman was stained and torn , even though it was still wrapped in plastic . Obviously , Storkcraft simply upholstered the chair with damaged fabric . In addition , the seat is very thin and stiff , so not very comfortable , and the chair back angle is very straight , so you basically have to sit straight up in this chair . The seat back is also too low to rest your head on , so all in all it is not a very relaxing rocking experience . We ordered it because it was inexpensive , but I say that if you can afford to pay a little more , get a more comfortable one !!! And hopefully you can find a cleaner , un-ripped one , too .
 my wife weighs 110 lbs and it squeaks really loud , it just sucks , customer service people sucked all around . It is a giant suck fest , do n't buy this product , you will thank me !
 My son in 25 months and this glider was great up until a few months ago . The quality is n't the best , but it was a good price and it fit well in the nursery . Unlike many of the customers whose reviews I 've seen here , the wood was not cracked or anything , but here is my big gripe
 Title of review says it all . Everyone said well u get what you pay for ! It squeaks and came scratched pretty badly . Thought maybe it was a reject , but no . You get what u pay for . Too lazy to return it and complain . Too busy with my newborn baby !
 My husband and I ordered this chair to rock our newborn son in . We have had it a week and already had three springs break and a button pop off . My husband almost took a hammer and destroyed the chair after the last spring popped and almost broke his finger . Neither me or my husband are over 115-120 pounds so weight was not an issue . I am very upset with our purchase and feel that our son 's safety was in danger . I am returning the chair and would not recommend this product to anyone !
 We research things a lot before we buy . The ratings for this chair are pretty skewed
 We purchased this glider in advance of our first baby . We purchased it primarily for the price , and I hoped it would be sufficient given some of the negative reviews . It is sufficient , but no more , and in hindsight with the hundreds of hours I have spent rocking & nursing her , I wish we had gone for a pricier , nicer glider.The bottom cushion is not the best quality and quickly became pretty warped/permanently indented . The arm rests are a ltitle short -LRB- they hit my arms in an uncomfortable place -RRB- , and the chair does n't give a lot of back support . I also wish the back was higher to give better head/neck support . I 'm 5 ' 8 &#34; and have to tilt my neck considerably to rest it on the back . It is hard to be comfortable after spending more than a couple minutes in this chair .19 months after purchasing this chair , we are expecting again and I have reluctantly purchased a nicer glider for baby # 2 . I hate having to buy another chair , when this one is still in decent shape -LRB- pro
 I bought this chair for me to rock my daughter in and was looking for something sturdy since I breastfeed and wanted something comfortable , as I would use it often . It looks nice when put together but the pads are just tied onto the wood and the sides on the arms do not stay snapped . The padding on the bottom is also very thin making it uncomfortable to sit in . Not only is the chair very uncomfortable but it was broken within 6 weeks ! It started squeaking and all the screws in it became very loose . I am NOT a big girl by any means ! I weigh 125 and this chair is supposed to hold up to 250 lbs . Right now , the back of the chair is getting ready to fall off and the left arm of the chair has broken completely . I am still using it until I can find a new one , but it seems like any second that thing is just going to collapse . I will end up throwing it out before I get a replacement . This chair is certainly not something I would EVER purchase again or recommend to anyone . It looks nice once it 's all put together , but the quality is just not worth it . If you are looking for a nice , quality rocker , spend the extra money and get a better one . This one is cheap and cheap quality . You get what you pay for ! I will end up spending more now when I replace mine than I would have if I just would have gone with a nice one to begin with !!
 First let me tell you that I never write a review about anything before , but i think i have to do on this item . I ordered it twice from amazon and received the wrong color every time . luckily amazon customer service was easy on returns and fed ex came and pick the package up.the product itself looks cheap , the cushions smelled like a strong chemical or something . The holes on the hand rest and the back piece were not matching and it was hard to assemble the chair . and the button on one armrest cushions was getting loose.do not waste your time and money on this product .
 Very nice appearance and color matches perfectly . However padding is less than adequate for something you 'll be sitting on for hours . We were also missing a brad for the side pocket .
 We debated over going with an expensive glider or a cheaper one . We settled on the cheaper one . It arrived today and was easy for me to assemble . It is very small in scale - I am 5 ' 7 '' and my head is above the back rest . The back cushion is pretty comfortable , but not the seat cushion . I already stuck another cushion on top of it , which raises me up even higher . I have n't used it yet with an infant , as we are not due for another few months , but I think it will do the job . If you are hesitant , I would definitely recommend going with a higher quality glider .
 Length :
 I added this item to my baby registry.my better half assembled it , seemingly without any trouble . however . the arm rest padding is meant to button down around the arms . on the right side , this was not a problem . on the left side , two of the four buttons DO NOT FIT.this is ENRAGING.i realize that this is n't a particularly expensive item BUT there is absolutely no reason why this simple mechanism should be engineered / manufactured in a faulty way.naturally , we 've thrown out the packaging and will not go through the trouble of disassembling and returning this item . but given that this is a newborn / nursery item , the waste of time that is created by the fault in the chair is really quite unacceptable.i advise you to look elsewhere.i feel bad that my parents spent their money on something that was intended to be a gift , rather than a frustrating time expenditure .
 I have been searching for a rocker since I was praganet with my son , after he was 2 months born I bought this rocker , so excited to put it together and start using it , BUT IT SUCKS . It 's so loud and squeeks every time I rock . I recommend trying out chairs first at other stores .
 This chair represents some of the worst possible manufacturing coming out of China.This chair 's instruction manual would have you believe that it 's simple ; only six bolts and eight snaps , a few bow knots and some Velcro straps and you have a Glider ! That 's not the case I ran into . First of all , the arm rests were mislabeled , the right arm rest had the `` Left '' sticker and the left armrest had the `` Right '' sticker . Obviously that was an easy issue to work through . It became instantly obvious that the stickers were wrong . The Left Armrest installed easily enough , but the Right one was a different story . The pre-drilled holes did not line up properly . I had to spend twenty minutes twisting the arm into a shape that would work . In the middle of which , I re-referenced the instruction manual and discovered the following sentence
 I requested this glider in my registry and someone bought it for me . I had read the reviews and it seemed like a good deal . Let me tell you , after sitting many hours in this chair . . it is just not comfortable . The cushions are just too small and thin to sit on for very long . I can not find a thicker cushion to fit it either . Using a foam pillow under the cushion right now . Also , the seat cushion started coming apart at the seam in just 1 month of use . The ties that tie the back cushion to the frame ripped out in 2 months of use . The wood finish scratches easily . And it is just plain small . All in all I desperately wish I had opted for a more expensive chair that is bigger in size , more comfortable , and better built .
 I totally agree with the review `` Invest in the best ... this is NOT it ! '' . The EXACT same thing happened to us . Every single word she said was true . My advice is to spend a bit more for a better chair .
 We bought this glider before our son was born . It was as described - we liked the pockets on the side so we could have things handy during feeding . We were happy with the glider at first . Unfortunately the base broke 6 weeks into using it . I leaned down to grab something off the floor and it broke on one side of the base - there really is n't a way to fix it because the wood is cracked . I only weigh 150 so I ca n't imagine that weight had anything to do with it .
 The glider is good but there was missing button for the side pocket making it unable to assemble correctly like on the other side . Unfortunately , I shipped this product oversea already so could n't return it : -LRB-
 This thing is cheap and flimsy . The cushions are thin and unsupportive . The build is insubstantial and rickity . Small children are guaranteed to get pinched or worse with the lack of protection on the the rocking mechanisms in both the chair and ottoman . My most valued input is from other reviewers but I guess that 's not going to work anymore ... ahhhh , the photo makes it look like you really did good!What makes me think I can get a quality product at a rock bottom price ? Better rethink that too . I bought this for my daughter-in-law and feel embarrassed about what I gifted her.What is up with all these high markings ?
 terrible packaging , chair arrived broken , had to return it , was a waste of time and energy .
 If you want to make your baby 's bedtime a peaceful experience , do n't buy this chair . I bought it and whenever I rock my baby , it makes noise.If you buy it anyway , you will hate it .
 For the 2 times I was able to use this glider , it was comfy and smooth . Then the frame cracked . Amazon quickly and easily replaced the glider . When I opened the box of the replacement , the frame was cracked in the same exact spot !
 We ordered two of these based on reviews . Both have been returned . Material was not stitched well and on one the back was torn . Very poor quality . We ordered based on your reviews and statement that it was your best seller . Probably the most often returned as well .
 The chair came fast , but found the same one at Walmart the next day for 20 dollars cheaper . And this one came with scratches and the wrong color .
 I purchased this glider a month before my son was born and it did n't last past his 2 month birthday . It was a little uncomfortable to sit in anyway but the bottom screws snapped off on one side . My husband repaired it with new screws and some wood glue rather than go through the hassle of shipping it back . That worked great until it broke in two other places a week later . It is a cheap glider so your getting what you pay for . DO N'T buy this item , spend a little more on another brand .
 We purchased this chair before our daughter was born but did n't get to really use it til she was about 3 months because she hated rocking . I loved it at first . It took a very short amount of time for my husband to out it together , the fabric is soft , and the wood looks nice . I like that it has pockets on the sides too . This makes me almost want to give it 2 stars but I just ca n't because after about 5 months of use I 'm just about ready to throw it away.Within about a month of using it , it started to squeak every once and a while . My husband tried lots of things as he is very mechanical but had no luck . The squeak has progressively grown worse and also feels like I 'm running over something . Now the other night it squeaks going both directions , very loudly . There 's no way I can rock dd to sleep ! I 'm so disappointed , I really wanted to be able to use this for a while . Apparently a couple hundred bucks does n't buy you much anymore . I just know I wo n't be purchasing this brand again if this is the product they make.Please read these reviews and really think . I know there arevpositivevreviews but maybe contact them to see if they still like it . There were only a few -LRB- positive -RRB- reviews on it when I purchased it so I also learned my lesson there .
 We purchased this chair and ottoman because we have a new baby . This chair was great at first but less than 1 month after we purchased it the chairs glider broke . -LRB- Neither my husband or I are over weight so that was not the issue -RRB- I really had great hopes for this chair because our new baby girl really seemed to like it and it was pretty comfortable but I am not happy that the chair lasted less than 30 days . If I had purchased it locally I would have returned the chair or at least gotten a replacement .
 The seat smells of Kerosene . I figured it might need some `` airing '' and kept it in the patio for 2 days now . The smell is persistent and wont go away .
 Do not waste your money on this glider . I registered for this glider/ottoman and received it as a baby gift . I definitely would have chose differently , however , if I had known it would fall apart . One of the springs broke before we even had it set up for three weeks . Unfortunately , by the time it had been given to us and by the time we set it up , it was too late to return it . Once my husband fixed the spring , another one broke . Eventually he reinforced all of four of them and it seems to work ok now . This glider/ottoman did not perform as I had expected , and did not live up to my expectations . A couple pros though
 -LRB- EDIT -RRB- After one year : It falls apart . Unsafe and should be recalled . Bolts wo n't stay together , springs under bum cushion always pop out while using it . Noisy and can cause an injury .
 I just received this chair the other day in cherry with the beige seat . My husband was so excited to start putting it together until we realized that three bolts on the bottom of the gilder were stripped , and one was missing . Also beige is not exactly what I would conceder the color to be , closer to a very light tan with a grayish color , it is more a dirty beige . The seat itself is also a bit thinner then i would like so needless to say I have concerns on how well it will hold up over this next year or so . We will be exchanging this item and hope that the next one will be better made since i really do not want to offend my mother in law at this point . If the next one has the same problems with the stripped and missing bolts then i will be looking into a different brand.Update
 The pre-assembled part of this chair falls apart regularly , sending me looking for the nuts and washers so I can put it back together . The fabric is absorbent cotton so , if you 're actually getting this to rock a baby , it will quickly acquire an interesting `` pattern '' due to spit up and the like . This chair was cheap , but the fact is that it 's really worthless . Complete waste .
 After less than one month of using this chair lightly , it broke . One of the springs on the seat popped out and after i managed to get it back into it 's place , about a week later the ball bearings piece broke while my wife was nursing our son , causing them to fall out of the chair -LRB- luckily neither of them was hurt -RRB- . She is only 5 ' 5 and 120 lbs so it 's not like she is putting a whole lot of stress on the chair - this chair is very poor quality . Amazon customer service is great and they helped us get a replacement chair quickly . We 'll see how the second one holds up .
 Do n't do it ! Its cheaply made . I had my chair for almost a month and the wood is splitting I only used it during my baby shower . Literally chunks of wood broke off from the chair .
 I ordered this glider before my son was born because it was inexpensive and had good reviews . It is nice looking chair but not very comfortable . The material seems cheap and the bottom cushion lost its shape very quickly . It is also uncomfortable to sit in for a long period of time and I had a hard time sleeping in it . My biggest complaint is that the spring in the chair broke three times . I am petite and not much weight was put on it . We ended up returning it and getting our money back .
 Here are the major issues with this product :1 . It sits way too close to the floor . I am 5 ' 7 and my wife is 5 ' 5 . We both feel that the seat of the chair is too low . If you use the ottoman , it is not as much of an issue .2 . The pads for the arm chairs are way too short . There is no slack . The buttons keep popping off . Also , on one side of the chair , the buttons were misaligned so we could n't even use it.The only real pro is that it is easy to assemble .
 We bought this glider and ottoman for our baby 's nursery , and I used it every day while nursing . The glider looks as pictured , and it is easy to assemble . The seat cushion is thin but comfortable enough . When we first bought it , the chair and ottoman both glided smoothly and quietly . After about 6 months the chair started squeaking loudly and the bolts started loosening and falling off . We used WD-40 on the chair and it did n't help . We had to stop using the chair because the squeaking kept the baby awake , instead of helping him fall asleep ! We also tightened the bolts several times but they kept loosening and eventually bent , so we gave up .
 Just put this thing together , pretty easy with basic instructions . Noticed right off the bat , the side cushions are n't long enough to snap into place and therefore i 'll have to stretch them out somehow to make them snap on . Also , I 'm 250 -- and when I sat down gently in it . I could hear crack , creek . Granted , this is for my wife but brand new out of the box having this problem tells me its good for smaller people , wo n't last long , and well poor quality .
 I love how comfortable this chair is . Unfortunately after a few weeks of using it , it started making awful squeaking/rubbing noise when the chair rocks . We 've tried resolving the problem but it is no use . So now it is useless when trying to put the baby to sleep .
 The chair looked great , but when I sat in it it did n't allow me to recline enough as needed when rocking a baby . I was really disappointed because it looked so nice .
 The base of the chair cracked -LRB- irrepairable -RRB- after less than a month of use -LRB- heard something `` crack '' the very first time I sat down in it so it may have been defective when we received it -RRB- . Also has a very `` chemical '' smell to it , so we let it air out for a few days after assembling before placing into baby 's room . Very disappointed , would not recommend this chair . Based on other reviews , does n't seem to be even worth trying to get our money back from the manufacturer .
 I never usually write reviews on items purchased online , however , I feel like I must warn anyone interested in this product . My husband and I picked this glider out online thinking it was perfect to match our baby girl 's nursery . I even read the reviews and thought 4 out of 5 stars means it must be pretty good . I was wrong . We just received the delivery yesterday and put it together about an hour ago and already I 'm dissatisfied.First when unpacking the items from the box , we noticed lots of scuff marks and chips on the white wood finish . They were all over the bottom chair piece and the ottoman . It bummed me out but decided it might be better to touch up the imperfections rather the going through the hassle of returning it.Then we put it together , assembly was fairly simple . Except the arm covers seem a little too short to snap on but after stretching it out we got them on . The seat cushion was horrible quality , super thin and cheap looking . the beige material had wrinkles in it as if it was not sewn properly . Not to mention the chair height was kinda on the short side.After chair was put together , my husband sat it and it made the most annoying squeaking noises . Then I tried it and same thing . I could n't imagine trying to rock my baby to sleep using that chair . We thought maybe the screws were too tight and that didnt fix the problem , the squeaks were coming from the chair backing -LRB- where the rods were -RRB- which you cant really fix that issue -RRB- Being a first time mom and having a baby on the way , the last thing I need is to worry about going through the hassle of return such an expensive big item . Not happy at all ! Really disappointed . I cant figure out how to post pics to review but Im posted to customer images of product .
 We just had a baby , and after 6 months of daily use , the chair became noisy . I checked it and discovered it was caused by a broke bearing . 3 broke bearings later , we stopped using it .
 I purchased this glider several mos before the birth of my daughter thinking it was a good value . For the first 4-5 months it was great ! I used it frequently , as I breastfed and sat down in it 7-10x each day and rocked a LOT ! Around 5 mos it started squeaking on each rock unless I sat at a specific angle , which is nervewracking when you 're trying to get a baby to sleep . It would also squeak when I stood up to transfer her to the crib - which woke her on multiple occassions . Not tiny mouse squeaks , either . Rusty hinge type squeaks . Oiling and greasing give short-term relief.Around 6 mos one of the rungs under the glider splintered and I taped it back together with duct tape -LRB- I 'm not a heavy gal , either , 5 ' 10 '' and 150lbs -RRB- . I wish that I 'd gotten something with better low-back support , too . At this point we still use it but I truly wish I had invested more money in a better quality rocker-glider , since I knew I 'd be using it a lot . This was not the value I thought I was getting . Live and learn ...
 we have had this glider for 6 months now . for the first four months it was great ! glided well and was very comfortable . but then we started to experience the notorious squeak that everyone here is talking about . it is loud and impossible to get rid of for long term . I tried the spray silicone , grease , WD-40 , wax , tightening the joints , etc. nothing fixed it . Then the back part started to pop really loud with each rock back and forth . I felt that maybe part of the issue is I am a big man , 240 lbs . so I stopped sitting in it and only had my wife sit in it -LRB- 120 lbs -RRB- . I called Stork and they informed me that the limited warranty will only cover a maximum of 50 % of the parts of the chair so I had to choose to either replace the back or replace the rocking base . I chose to fix the rocking base and it took about 5 weeks to arrive -LRB- they told me it would take that long so I wo n't hold it against them even though it was a long time to wait -RRB- . I got the new base and only had my 120 lbs wife sit in it and it worked like a charm ... for one week . then the squeaking came back again . once again I tried all the lubes you can imagine to stop the squeaking but it only subsided for a few days . I called stock and they told me I had already used the full coverage of my warranty and that was the end of my extended service.I 'm disappointed in this glider and I am in the hunt for a better one to rock our little one to sleep . I recommend that you look somewhere else besides Stork Craft for your glider needs .
 This rocker looks so much nicer than it actually is . Very easy to assemble , and the cherry wood is nice . But the cushions are terrible . The seat cushion , after one day , already feels flat . On day two , it 's developed a squeak . I am not happy with purchase at all .
 I 've had this glider for over two years now . I 'm a person who usually just `` deals '' with things if they have little problems or idiosyncrasies . This glider is so poorly and cheaply made that I ca n't just deal with it 's issues . Do yourself a favor , and spend the extra money on a product that will last.The title is such because nearly 4 months after we started using it , that 's the noises it began making . Over two years later it 's still making the same noises . It squeaks in every joint , it 's a chorus of squeaking . I WD40 all 8 joints almost weekly and it 's still a squeakfest . It also clunks horribly , like it 's forcing over a bar while it `` glides . '' At one point it sounded like it was being drug over gravel , I 'm really not sure how it would make that noise . And the crack ? The wood must be the cheapest wood they could find , because when I shift in the chair the wood joints crack loudly . I 'm not a heavy person -LRB- 140 at 5 ' 7 is n't heavy -RRB- , so it 's not like I 'm stressing the chair at all.And here 's where it gets fun . I 've had to go buy wood glue to glue the joints of the arm rests back together because the chair was literally falling apart on me . Why would n't they glue the dowels ? After that little joy , the chair literally came apart at the joints when my husband was rocking my infant to sleep . The part where the rod connects into the joint for gliding just popped out spraying tiny , greasy ball bearings all over my carpet . My two year old thought it was Christmas early , she eats everything . I was finding tiny metal balls in my living room for weeks , I was furious . A product should not come apart during normal use like that , it 's absolutely ridiculous . The company wo n't help , so I had to take apart the ottoman and use the joints from it to replace the ones in my chair . Oh , those pockets on the side are handy , right ? They actually came apart as well , believe it or not . The fabric frayed out of the seam , so I have a flappy piece of fabric hanging from the arm of the chair now . I 'm amazed the back of the chair has n't given out yet , sending me and my child flying backward.How does the chair fare otherwise ? Not too well . The back looks cushy in the picture but it actually curves away from the spine , so there 's no back support and it 's rather awkward to sit in . Two years later I 'm still uncomfortable in it from the lack of back support -LRB- one of these days I 'll buy a little pillow to go in it , if I do n't take an axe to the thing first -RRB- . The cushion is cheaply made and kind of hard , so my -LSB- ... -RSB- hurts in it after a while . Would I buy this product again ? No way . Would I recommend it to a friend ? Definitely not .
 This Glide was easy to assemble and was great until one day I was rocking my baby and the I felt a jolt . The front of the arm rests had come apart and one broke completely off . I was so scared when it happened that me and my baby were going to crash to the floor . It had n't even been a year since purchasing the chair and it broke . The only good thing I can say is that Stork Craft are replacing the arms for free without a problem . But if the one year warranty had expired who knows the hassle it might have been .
 I bought this glider because it was the No. 1 in this category at Amazon . I believed in people 's choice , my past experiences strengthened this belief , but this time , I was wrong.This glider arrived right after my daughter 's birth . I was glad to have it . Assemble was easy , and it worked - for a few days . Then I started to notice the squeaking noise and the side rotation , and with everyday passing , they became more and more intolerable . I wondered why , and checked the glider , and found that probably the problem was some loose screws on the glider base . I fastened these and other screws , but the side rotation and squeaking noise still exist , only slighter . My feeling was that in one week or so I would have to dissemble it and fasten the screws again , or add a few more screws on the base , if I 'd have to keep it . So I called Amazon and returned it.I was so happy that Amazon dealt with the return quite straightforward and smoothly . By the way , I emailed the manufacturer , Stock Craft , and did not get a reply.So I had the glider for no more than 2 weeks , and had the most negative experience with a product I bought from Amazon . But , no complain to Amazon service as it is as great as possible .
 This chair is so small , I feel like I 'm falling off of it . I am 5 ' 4 and 110 lbs.-not very big ... so if you are bigger than this , I definitely would n't recommend it . It is also incredibly uncomfortable . The cushions are n't thick or quality enough for my comfort .
 I bought this from Hayneedle.com for $ 159.99 . -LRB- I forgot to check Amazon which had a lower price . Still , at that price , it seemed like a great bargain compared to everything we saw in furniture stores . -RRB- When I put the chair and ottoman together just before our baby shower started , I was impressed with the look and feel of the set.During the baby shower we were short on chairs so I sat on the ottoman as we opened our gifts . After about 20 minutes , the board under the ottoman cushion completely split in two . The thing had barely been assembled for an hour and something already broke on it ! I still liked the chair , so I called to see if the would send me a new cushion/board for the ottoman and I was told I 'd have to send the whole set back for a replacement . Since I knew I would be getting another cheaply made ottoman if I did so , I decided to instead reinforce the ottoman with a piece of plywood . This project took a couple of hours , but at the time I thought it was worth it because now I had a product that was even better than before.Less than two months later , my wife was rocking our newborn son when I heard some creaking from the glider . I got closer to listen and decided to tighten down all of the hardware on the glider . Ironically , not more than a minute after doing this , one of the ball bearing assemblies completely gave out and the chair collapsed on itself jostling my wife and our baby . I thought about repairing the ball bearings , but it does not look like an easy thing to do at all and the hardware is very hard to access . I think I 've had enough and will be returning the item for a full refund . I do n't want to invest any more time into this poorly made product . If Storkcraft had simply used better heavy-duty hardware , I think this chair would be an incredible value awesome . Instead , they cut corners at every turn and this cheap glider is just that ... CHEAP .
 PROS1 . Easy to assemble . I just had to put together the arm rests , back rest , and cusions .2 . The arm rest cushions . They actually snap on to the seat on the bottom part , keeping things -LRB- or baby -RRB- from dropping through . Moreover , there are handy little pockets on the outsides of the arm cushions .3 . It 's cheap and comes with the ottoman.CONS1 . The paint on the wood is sparse in some spots and , even worse , had some scratches on the wood itself , up on the top of the back rest . Thankfully , the cushion covers it , and the other paint issues are n't too noticeable since they are toward the bottom of the glider .2 . Uncomfortable ! When I fall asleep in this , I wake up not being able to feel my arms . Also the chair area is kind of small and makes it so that I have to sit up stiffly with my back straight . I do n't usually notice it until I 'm getting off the chair and realize that my back is a little sore .3 . The arm rest is too short . My baby has the habit of leaning back for a stretch after she is done nursing , and on this glider , her head dropped off the end ! 04 . The cushions are very squeaky , kind of like the hinge of a door that needs to be oiled . The back cushion as well as the seat cushion will make these loud squeaks with any amount of movement . Even after three months of use , they are just as bad and have become more and more annoying . And the sound is loud enough to wake my baby up when I want to leave the room . Terrible!I would definitely rather buy a used Dutailier on Craigslist than buy this again .
 I have had the WORSE luck with this glider , I wish I never purchased it ! I bought this to put my first baby girl to sleep , to calm her , to rest . oh was I wrong ! 3 months after purchase , it started to make this loud and annoying squeeking sound . I called target online to see what can be done and they told me since it was a little over 3 months , they could not help . so I called the manufacturer and they sent a new bottom part , -LRB- representative was not really trying to help and seemed annoyed with my call -RRB- I received the part , and happy to have it started to use it . to my horrible surprise , the glider felt flimpsy and moves from side to side . I tried to see what was happening , but it seems like they sent me a damaged part . I tried to contact them again , sent pictures and told them what happened and they are not wanting to send a replacement that will work . Horrible customer service , no help and will not ammend their faulty product . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS GLIDER PRODUCT !
 I originally wrote a 4 star review for this item because it looked great and for the first month it was great . Now we have been using it -LRB- and not even that frequently -RRB- for 4 1/2 months and it creaks ! It is so loud and we practically never use it because of the noise . I wish we had spent more money for a quality chair seeing as how we had planned on using it for future children . Waste of money !
 I got the package in a somewhat beat up condition with a big tear on one of the edges with a wood part exposed . Thankfully there was n't a mark on the wood so I was relieved . I put the chair together in minutes and was pretty happy . I was even happier that the ottoman did n't have to be built at all . That is , until I started pulling apart the plastic covering the cushion . As I was removing the plastic from underneath of the cushion , I noticed a crack that ran edge-to edge for the support part of the ottoman cushion . Basically , if it was ever sat on , it would just break in half . Also , two of the legs supports were cracked pretty badly . I hated to have to go through the trouble of disassembling it to return it , but there was no other choice . Stinks pretty bad .
 I just recieved this glider as a gift and there were NO screws sent . I contacted AMAZON.COM customer service with ZERO help . They told me the only option I had was to send the entire 40lb box back ... for only 8 screws . You mean to tell me that you can not get 8 screws from the manufacturer . I am so frustrated with this so called customer service at amazon.com . Truely dissapointed .
 The chair itself is good but the OTTOMAN comes damaged and broken seller or amazon will not and refuses to address the problem so do not buy from them . I was forced to have to go out and buy a seperate OTTOMAN I REPEAT DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER
 I placed this order 15 days ago and it STILL has not even been shipped ! I have searched to contact the company to ask why but have had no luck with finding contact info . leaving a low feedback is the only way that i know how to get in touch with them . I will update my feedback when/if I ever recieve my chair and ottoman .
 When I found the chair on Amazon , I was so relieved to find a rocker and have it delivered a week before my due date . When it arrived , the box corners were ripped . Getting all the pieces together , we discovered the base of the glider was completely cracked . There was no way it could be fixed or even be used . I was so disappointed that we were going to have to send it back and somehow get a new one before my due date . I thought because of my trouble with the chair they could at least send a new one next day delivery . When I called the man said I could have a new one within 5 days . I was so happy . By the end of the conversation he said `` well actually the chair would n't ship out until 3 days later and I PROBABLY would n't receive it until the weekend AFTER my due date . :-LRB- I was SO upset . I just wanted to write this review to review the company itself . I think as a manager , in order to keep customers coming back to your site or store you take care of them , and if you mess up you make it right . Ill never shop on this site again . : -LRB-
 Well , I really wanted to like this glider . . however , I have had three base replacements sent to me , and we still have a creaking/squeaking chair . The chair is less than a yr old and for the 4th time basically unuseable to rock baby to sleep . When it is not squeaking I really like it . . Also , there is not much lumbar support so I placed my own padding -LRB- towels -RRB- behind back cushion . -LRB- very minor problem -RRB- Since we have replaced the base so many times , the snaps for the arm rest padding on 1 side have completely ripped off.Customer service -LRB- not very friendly -RRB- is pretty easy to deal w/and only once needed a picture before sending another base . One of the bases they sent , the spring completely broke within a cpl weeks . Maybe we just got a `` lemon `` of a chair ? I am going to call tomorrow and ask for a new chair or a refund . . ** update . . I called to get new parts to fix squeaking and creaking again . I spoke w/the rudest lady I have ever had the displeasure to speak with . I actually had to ask her half way through why such attitude ? She started being sweet as pie . The parts department wanted pictures of the squeaking ?? After sending pics of the chair and a few emails back and forth , I decided to return the chair to amazon ! Best decision ever . Got the new chair in 2 days and just have to send back the old within 30 days w/free shipping . If this chair is just as bad we will get a refund and buy a worthy chair .
 Chair looks nice and was easy to assemble , but seat cusion is almost flat after only a week of use . Its already uncomfortable to sit in .
 I tried to assemble this glider chair , however one of the 6 small bolts included for assembly was broken . The end of the bolt -LRB- where the allen wrench fits -RRB- was not punched correctly at the factory , and therefore the allen wrench will not seat into the bolt head . Totally frustrating . I contacted Amazon to try to get just a replacement bolt but they said I have to return the whole chair , which I have already mostly assembled and would have to spend 30 minutes taking apart and packing up again . Just for a bolt . Totally frustrating , and too much inconvenience to return this bulky item . I will just buy a replacement bolt next time I go to the hardware store .
 This rocker is mediocre but then the price is very inexpensive . The rocker itself is pretty solid but the ottoman is relatively useless and you 're likely to trip over the thing in a dark room . I set one knee down on the ottoman and the wood snapped in two and I 'm not over weight , it 's just cheap quality . There is also a heavy chemical smell in the cushions which is obviously the chemical smell from whatever material the Chinese manufacturer is using . We left the cushions out on the porch for a few days until the chemical smell aired out . Overall , it is what it is , a cheaply priced rocker for putting the baby to sleep .
 Waste of money poor construction . Chair broke after two months.Don ' t think I can return it as it has been more than 30 days . Would not buy a gain .
 Worked well at first , but after one year it would n't stop squeaking , and the ball bearings broke at two years , which rendered the chair totally useless . So after two years , off to the trash .
 I bought this glider after reading the mostly positive reviews , however I should 've paid attention to the negative ones.First , they sent the wrong screws in the package . I had to contact the company and they sent me the correct ones . Then the cushion wore after 2-3 weeks of use . I had to go out and buy another cushion . The glider started creaking about 3 months in , now it pops , grinds , clicks , and creaks . It squeaks so loud that I ca n't even use it anymore to rock my child . And , just this week , the arm part broke off . Fantastic glider.WORST GLIDER EVER . DO N'T BUY !!!!! My grandmother 's glider from the 70 's is so much better and is in perfect gliding condition . Spend the money and invest in a glider that will last a long time unlike this one .
 I bought this rocker back in June 2011 . I had to throw the chair out in October because the left armrest broke and front and back supports snapped in half.Wouldn ' t give this product even one star .
 I ordered this chair . It came with 4 missing screws . I got these from home depot . However within 2 weeks the back just broke . I am going to contact the seller to return it .
 This chair was relatively easy to put together until the last part , which was the armcovers . They are too short to fit over the arms and one of the rivets was placed too close to a vertical piece of frame to get the snap over it . How dumb is this ?
 One of the screw parts was not drilled out correctly . There was no phone number as to how to get a replacement part . The chair is now super glued !
 This is my first Amazon review , and I 'm writing it from a father 's perspective . I convinced my wife to try this chair before buying a more expensive glider chair for the nursey . Needless to say , I 'm in the process of returning it after using it for about three weeks . It 's basically a cheap wood chair that you assemble by putting on the back and arms , then attach a piece of foam filled canvas to it for the cushions . Pretty easy to put together ... at least I thought so . We decided to get a chair at Babies R Us - one that is upholstered and much more cushy , although it was $ 500 for the chair and the ottoman and the Stork Craft was $ 130 . `` You get what you pay for '' is a saying that is not always true from my life experiences , but I would certainly say it 's true when it comes to nursery gliders . It 's hard to put a price tag on comfort and when your wife is literallu going to be spending hours a day in her nursery glider , pony up and get a quality chair . I 'd recommend going to a store and sitting in some chairs to get a feel for what you like -LRB- duh -RRB- . For the money , this chair is OK , and like the Hyundai Accent or Ford Fiesta , those cars definitly serve a purpose . If you 're on a tight budget , this chair is not to bad . But if you have the money to spend , I 'd suggest getting something a little more plush . Do n't expect this to be a nice , luxurious chair , because it it not .
 The look and design of this chair is great . However , after having the chair in use prior to our baby 's arrival the wood started creaking and squeaking . This is the ultimate reason why we returned the chair . The chair is a tight squeeze for Dad at 6 ' 1 '' 220 lbs , but fits Mom nicely 5 ' 2 '' ~ 125 lbs . The seat cushion is very thin and firm and can cause numbness in the rear and legs .
 One of the wooden piece that support the chairs glider broke off within a few weeks of purchase ... . And no luck whatsoever with getting any customer support ...
 This glider is SO uncomfortable and the quality is unacceptable . The cushions wear down almost immediately making the chair look and FEEL horrible . 2 months after purchasing this chair a spring broke and now it also creeks every time we us it . I would NOT recommend this chair , spend your money elsewhere !
 Have had this chair 3.5 months and it has completely fallen apart-literally . The arm rest came off first and then the spindles followed soon after . do not buy if you want it to be anything lasting
 We ordered this product and assembly was easy , and within minutes we were rocking our baby to sleep . Other than the white color which I treated the fabric with scotch guard , we were happy . Flash forward to a month later . On the glider , both wood support pieces on the right side cracked . I do n't know if we just got a lemon , but I wo n't be replacing this item with another one from the same company . I guess I will go with the I got what I paid for , and just invest in a better one next time .
 Chair came with a broken snap and was too much of a hassle to reship back to company , so we kept it for our new infant granddaughter for mommy to rock to sleep at night and comfort . But would n't buy another piece like this on line ... plus do n't we get what we pay for ?
 Chair was built and broke immediatly after wife sat in chair . WIfe is 5 ' 3 and 125 lbs . If chair is not built for small women then how is a heavy pregnant woman suposed to use .
 one of the glider springs came out within a week and it was dangerous as the mother could have fallen inside . I had a very tough time getting it fixed . sometimes the glider make squeaking sounds . Would not recommend this to anyone else.The manufacturers should fix the spring so that it does not come out .
 Was comfortable at first , but not for long sitting/nursing sessions . Not cushy enough . After a couple of months , it starting squeaking and my husband had to buy some wood glue to help hold one of the metal bars that holds the spring base in place as it popped out of its hole . We will see if that helps . Would never recommend it .
 Although this has been a nice-looking glider and ottoman , after only a couple months this rocker started to give us problems . Not only did the metal parts of the gliding mechanism start to click and squeak , the wooden portion where the back fits to the seat also creaks . No amount of tightening screws or WD40 has helped more than a week or so at a time , and the clicking never goes away . It kind of defeats the purpose of rocking a baby with all that creaking , clicking , and squeaking . It 's been nice to have pockets on the side to keep bedtime stories and burp cloths . Maybe it 's just been our rocker , but if I could go back in time and spend my money on something else - even if it cost a bit more , I would .
 Wish I had believed the reviews that described the faulty construction of this glider chair . The seat pad is hard as a rock . There is the feeling that the chair will tip over . Totally unusable for the new mother for which it was purchased . TOO much trouble to rebox and return . We will sell it -LRB- at a loss -RRB- on CraigsList .
 I love this chair and it was given to me as a gift so I ca n't complain much bout the price lol but I have to say if I had bought it myself I would say it was worth what was paid . The only complaint at all that I have is that the first time sitting in the chair the tie in the back on top broke off . All I did was sit in it and it wasnt tied too tight so that kinda annoyed me but I sewed it back on and Im pleased with the chair all in all and I think it will be quite comfy when my son gets here in a few weeks for midnight nursing :-RRB- My husband is 5 ' 8 '' and 250lbs and sits in it pretty comfortable too and has claimed it til baby gets here lol so it is obviously sturdy : -RRB- UPDATE :
 What a junker . For starters , our gilder rocker came out of the box with scratches on the wood and blobs of dried glue coming out of joints.The product description contradicts itself
 I have had this chair for three days now ... first of all : - Assembly was a pain in the butt . Took husband and I hours to put this together . Should have been simple but the holes were not drilled correctly.-The first time I sat on this chair all I could think was `` where 's the cushion ?? '' I knew it was not going to be super high quality but I expected at least something that felt like a padded chair , and not so much like a rock . The pad is not even 2 inches thick and is made with very low quality foam , instead of being cushy , it is stiff . After sitting in this chair for about ten minutes , I have to get up and stretch because my tailbone is so sore.-The back cushion is the only thing `` cushy '' in this entire chair but it slides down revlealing a couple inches of the wood backing , so do n't plan on resting your head back on this thing while your trying to nurse . Its not comfortable.The one positive I can give this chair is that it has a very smooth glide-that is before it starts squeeking.I will be returning this product and buying one that was on display at target . There was no comparison on the quality . Im not a picky person in the least bit but if im going to be up all hours of the night tending to the baby , then I at least want to be comfortable . Amazon is OUTSTANDING . It shipped even faster than what they would , packaging was awesome , and no hassle returns .
 We purchased this chair about 5 months ago . After about 1 month , the chair began to squeak each time I rocked our baby in it . So , we oiled the bearings . That lasted for a few days . We have tried to oil it many , many times . It still squeaks.Now , the wood of the chair is making cracking sounds as though it is going to break any minute ! I 'm very concerned as I rock our baby in this chair SEVERAL times a day.If I had sat in this chair at someone else 's house , I would have expected that they paid at least HALF of what we paid for this chair.Wish I had listened to the other reviewers of this product.Very disappointed .
 Bought this for my wife for our infant to rock during feedings and sleep times . We needed to add an extra pillow because there is no cushion comfort . The bearings broke in less than a year . I took this apart to fix the product and out of 8 bearings 2 were good . I kept the parts for spares and broke this chair with a sledgehammer and burnt it in the back yard . We bought another chair in the $ 200.00 - $ 250.00 range . We did like the pockets on the sides of the arm rests . Easy assembly and fast shipping . Do n't buy this product .
 Received item with defects - screw anchors are missing from the base frame . Visible scratches are every where on the chair frame.Here 's a summary : - No quality control - Bad packaging for shipment - Low cost
 I placed the order for this glider because my wife and I just had a baby last week . We did a lot of research and found that this was the best fit because of some of the reviews and the price ... I was totally wrong . I received the glider yesterday 11/2/11 and opened it today to put together . What was nice was that there was very little to put together - everything pretty much came assembled . As soon as I finished , my wife was so excited . She was holding our 5 day old baby and sat down in the chair . The second she sat down I heard a loud crack and noticed my wife on the ground . By some miracle of God , she was still holding our newborn in her arm.Needless to say , I was absolutely furious ! I called Amazon and they offered my a $ 5 gift certificate to say sorry ... really ? I do n't care about a gift certificate , but since they offered it , $ 5 ? I told them to keep their money but I wanted to speak to a supervisor and find out why they sold such shotty workmanship . After being placed on hold for 10 minutes , the lady came back and said they were all unavailable . Now it 's going to take over two weeks for a refund not to mention I have to box it all up and drop it off at a UPS store . Stay away from STORKCRAFT - I should have done my homework . Pretty recently , they had to recall 500,000 cribs back because of horrible manufacturing . This is a company that markets and sells their products to parents with newborns and young children . I have never been so furious ! I am going to call StorkCraft tomorrow morning to get some answers . Please stay away from this product . Even if this is just a fluke and it was defective , I could never trust a replacement item or any product from this company again - especially if I am using it for my newborn !
 Yesterday , my wife and I were excited to received this product from Amazon and I immediately assembled it per instruction . It seemed to be a nice product when I finished assembling it . Small , cute rocking chair for my 5-month pregnant 125-lb wife . I sat on it for about 10 seconds to test it . Nothing happened . I am 160 lbs anyway . Then , I let my pregnant wife sit on it . She was beginning to enjoy the chair after about 5 minutes . Then we heard a creaking sound from the base . My wife said , `` Oh , I think we need to grease the joints . '' I felt uneasy . Then , another creaking sound . My wife was unable to complete her second statement when the chair went , `` Crash ! '' . The right supporting bar beneath the base broke into two pieces and my wife fell and almost hit her head on the wall . To balance herself , she yanked herself to the left but fell on the left side of her abdomen . Remember , she is 5 months pregnant !!! We were so furious we called our OB for an urgent follow up and we were told to go to the emergency room for an urgent ultrasound . Thank God our baby was fine . Before we went to the hospital , we were able to print return labels from Amazon as a result of our frustration . Today , we contacted a consumer union group reporting our accident and to find out if similar cases have occured in the past . Next , we are planning to contact our local attorney general to see if this product can be recalled from the market if the group can not do this for us.It is a shame for the company making this product to manufacture inferior quality BABY products as the lives of pregnant mothers , babies inside their wombs , and even babies held by moms while on the chair are put in line . They should focus on safety and quality as opposed to profit and savings.As for Amazon , it is a shame for this company for letting retailers of unsafe mother-baby products sell their stuff on their website.Please practice prudence when you buy especially for your family . Read all customer reviews . Do not miss out on those who posts problems about the product .
 This chair looks nice but we have had nothing but issues with this chair . It breaks all the time - we have had to repair the rocker parts - the arms are always falling off . Terrible chair
 Bought on christmas , on the second day the springs in the chair seat came off , so bad and have to return the item .
 I bought this online and had it sent to MO. as a gift for my niece 's babyshower . It was sent to my parent 's house where the showerwas being held so my Dad could put it together . Whoever sent it to us sent us a box that had been retaped shut and missing all the hardware . So the chair could be ready in time my 71 year old father had to go to the hardware store to buy missing parts and he even had to make some parts ... Luckily his past career as an aerospace engineer/nutty professor made himqualified for this task . I think it would have beenvery difficult though for the average Joe . They have said the chair is very nice but had I known that the companysells used opened products as new ones I would have not ordered . I tried to report it through amazon but there was nothing I could do since I was not returning the product.It would be nice for them to send my Dad a check for $ 20 which he spent buying parts for what they should have provided .
 Chair clunks every time I sit down to rock . Drives me insane . Wish I had spent more money and bought better quality .
 I returned this after using in for a few days . It was clearly cheap and could be felt in the cheap microfiber which was very scratchy and the cheap foam underneath that held the impression of your butt and feet in the cusions . Not impressed . It 's worth spending a little more for more comfort .
 We 're on baby # 2 and needed to purchase another glider / rocker as we already wore out the one from our 2 year old ! This purchase came in a large box which the guy pretty much just dropped onto our porch . Assembly was easy . The bottom cushion is a little hard -- but I do n't mind because it almost reminds me of a hard memory foam pillow I have and I like it . The back cushion is billowy and not thick like how it appears in the picture . It 's also not meant for anyone over 5 ' 8 '' as their head would have nowhere to rest if they leaned it back . It works for my husband and I because we 're both shorter -- but it was still a little disappointing.We 've also only had it for 3 days and today I noticed that something was `` off '' about the ottoman . There appears to be a piece of board that 's missing in the base and 1/3 of the foot rest is bent while the other 2/3 is normal . We have n't gotten ahold of anyone at customer service and Amazon wo n't return it because it 's not in the `` new and orignal , unpackaged '' condition . Not sure what we 're going to do with it ... but let me just say if I would 've paid more I would be irate right now . If you 're on a budget and not planning on using the rocker every day then you 're probably fine with purchasing this . But , as of right now , I 'm pretty disappointed .
 We selected this chair because it was more financially feasible . However , we should have sent it back and bought one of better quality . We were disappointed in the poor quality of the pre-drilled holes and the poor lining up of the parts as we were putting it together . The cushions are cheap and already have `` sit '' marks on them -LRB- we have only had it for two weeks -RRB- . I would recommend a higher quality chair .
 We bought this glider pending the birth of our second child . It seemed good enough when we first got it , but within a month or so , we had one of the springs from the cushion popping off repeatedly . We removed it from the bottom since it would n't stay in place . About six months later , a second spring did the same thing . Today , about 11 months after purchase , one of the rods that holds the gliding mechanism in place came out from the holder and the whole thing is now trash . When you open it , the rod slides into a groove that is surrounded by six ball bearings housed in a flimsy casing -LRB- thickness of thin-gauge wire -RRB- and a very thin ring surrounding that . Both of these looked like they had been chewed on by a dog . Very disappointed that it did n't even last a year . Buy at your own risk .
 I ordered this glider for my expecting daughter . The ottomon came wrapped in plastic with the cushion badly stained . When my daughter called to see about returning the foot ottoman she was met with the worse customer service . She decided then to just return the entire glider an ottoman . Encountering problems with customer service again . Plus they would only give her 139.00 dollars . When we paid over 200.00 dollars . I make purchases with amazon all the time spending a great deal of money . Also as my children have registries for my grandchildren . I now will discourage family an friends to no longer buy through amazon . Also I have a friend having nothing but problems with amazon customer care in the return of a damaged table . Laurie Luna Stockton California !!!!!
 Just tried to put it together and we were unable to assemble the back of the chair to the base . All parts were included per the directions however there is no physical way to fasten the back of the chair to the base without adding parts from the hardware store . The bolt can slide in and out because the holes are too big .
 I have had this glider and after 3 months all the cushions are flat , and it makes noise when rocking . Storkcraft customer service is worthless ! They dont help and a 100 % rude . I dont recommend this chair to any mother . You get what you pay for . Its priced cheap because it is so cheaply made . Wish I could return this awful chair !
 I am 8 months pregnant and was able to put the rocking chair together by myself . I think its ugly and cheap looking . I sat in it for 2 mins and when i took my feet off the ottoman there was marks from where my feels had been resting . The cushions is thin and not comfy at all and the fabric is not soft . I wish i had got a better chair :-LRB- I do like the size of the chair , not to big not to small , fits nice in babies room . I would not recommend this chair to anyone ...
 Ordered this chair for my soon-to-arrive first son and put it together today . Much to my dismay , the first step in the instructions did not go to plan ! The backrest is to be screwed into the base of the chair , but the sleeve anchors were not installed in the pre-drilled holes , so they would n't bite to anything . The fix requires -LRB- 2 -RRB- 2 '' bolts with nuts , not elegant , but the only thing I can figure will work . I moved forward with attaching the arms to the back and screwing those into the base , but that required significant tweaking as the armrests were poorly assembled and did not line up with the holes . After that , it all came together fine and is comfortable , but the poor quality build is extremely disappointing .
 I 'm giving this 2 stars because it actually does work as a glider . . This is a terrible glider . We just put it together , and there we stains all over the ottoman . The cushion is so uncomfortable . Its just a thin piece of foam . The wood creeks when you sit in it . I am not a heavy person at all ! The cherry wood is a nice color . I will invest in something better !
 Purchased this glider for our nursery . Item was packaged well and did not appear to sustain any damage during transport . Required minimal assembly.However , the snaps for attaching the fabric armrests are terrible . The fabric was too tight/small to stretch appropriately and snapping it into place was extremely difficult.One arm is completely off-center - it looks like the wooden piece is on backwards -LRB- not fixable -RRB- so the fabric is now draped over the edge of the arm -LRB- this was not a part of the self assembly , so I know I did n't screw it up -RRB- . The glider works fine aside from the arm defect . I have not noticed any creaks or pops while gliding and it remains smooth.I would have paid the extra money for a better quality/assembly glider instead of keeping this defective one . But it 's too much work to box it up and ship it back.Update
 We bought this product because we 're supplementing breast feedings with bottle feedings at night . We 'd thought this nipple would fit standard bottles . It does n't . After one attempt , more milk leaked through the faulty seal between nipple and bottle than made it through the nipple . Yet nowhere does the product information state which bottle the nipple is designed to fit . Only specially designed Playtex bottles at -LSB- ... -RSB- a set ? No thanks .
 I bought the Playtex drop ins because it has a very good concept for a busy mom . We were travelling and thought this will be a good idea that I do not have to carry so many baby bottles and clean and sterilize them.The Slow Flow Silicone Nipple was way too slow , my 3 month old was frustrated and crying . She slept and didnt finish her formula which she normally does . She uses a no. 1 nipple of Avent bottles which is comparable to slow flow so I thought I should get her a slow flow nipple of playtex as well . I tried sucking water from it and I myself can not get anything from the bottle.Now , I just purchased a Playtex Fast Flow latex nipple . I will review this nipple as soon as my baby tries on them .
 We had some Medela bottles and slow-flow nipples , and we were looking for extra ones that have similar flow rate and fit in the Playtex bottles that we already have . These fit well on the drop-in bottles , no leak so far . My son has no problem to switch from Medela nipples to these . However , the flow seems to be much slower than Medela slow-flow , so my son took longer time to drink the same amount of milk . At the end , he just felt so tired that he did n't finish the milk . I would recommend the medium flow from Playtex to use with the Medela slow-flow nipples .
 Finding the right Playtex nipples has been like a Goldilocks and the Three Bears experience for me . The latex Playtex slow flow NaturaLatch nipples that we got with our bottles were way too fast . My nearly 3 month old baby chokes because the milk flows so fast . When super hungry he can chug a 4 1/2 oz bottle in 5 minutes with the slow flow latex version . So I tried these silicone NaturaLatch slow flows and they are way too slow . My baby gets frustrated with how slow these nipples flow . It took him up to an hour sometimes to finish a 4 1/2 oz bottle ! There needs to be some middle ground . Since these slow flow silicone nipples were too slow , I tried the medium flow version and it was way too fast . Strangely enough I found that the Playtex Orthodontic Latex medium flow is the perfect flow speed , but the shape of the nipple makes it difficult for my baby to get those last drops . Playtex needs to work on improving the nipple flows .
 One of the two nipples did not have a hole - I can see that the hole was started on the inside of the nipple , but it does not go all the way through . Very frustrating .
 I ordered it THROUGH Amazon ... I didnt check the nipple and sterlized it and give it to my son . he was keep sucking for half an hour but couldnt finish the milk and atlast he started crying . then I checked and noted that there wasnt hole in the nipple at all . . poor my son then I check the second one and it had the same problem . I was so pissed off because my 2 month baby was struggling to drink the milk and atlast he got tired and cried and fall back to sleep without even drinking milk :-LRB- ... I had bought one before and it was good , it looks like I got the defected one this time .
 These are not the same as the store bought Playtex Drop-Ins NaturaLatch Latex Slow Flow Nipple . These are slightly different in color , have a blem next to the nipple hole -LRB- white colored blem , very similar to dried or stretched latex -RRB- . Either R2D2 forgot to poke a hole into one of the two in the pack or quality control sucks . The other one flows faster than our Playtex Drop-In Fast Flow silicone and latex nipples . My 5 day old daughter almost drowned in breastmilk on her first suck with breastmilk flooding out of her mouth and went into a coughing fit . I spent 10 minutes listening to her coughing and belching louder than the guys on game night with my wife glaring at me as if it was my fault.Do yourself a favor , go to the store and buy these . At least that way , if you need to make a return , you do n't have to pay the same amount in shipping as you did the item and end up screwed twice : #Cons : Daughter almost drowned in breastmilkDaughter went into an uncontrollable coughing fitDaugter spent 10 mins belching louder than I can fart #not sure if that 's a con -RRB- Throwing this item away is cheaper than trying to return itWife gets mad at you cuz it 's always your faultMother in law is mad at you for buying them onlineGrandmother in law is mad at you for buying them onlinePro : Daughter belches louder than the guysYou do n't need to buy a water gunIf you ever need to make black smoke in a survival situation , you can burn itSomething to chew on when your out of gum
 I 've bought these in the store many times and they work great , but for some reason these that I bought on amazon do n't work . The hole is so small that no milk will come out . My other slow-flow nipples do one drop per second . I tried to stretch out the hole but it closes back up every time . They were also a very odd orange color instead of brown like the others . Maybe it was a bad batch or something .
 Finding the right Playtex nipples has been like a Goldilocks and the Three Bears experience for me . The latex Playtex slow flow NaturaLatch nipples that we got with our bottles were way too fast . My nearly 3 month old baby chokes because the milk flows so fast . When super hungry he can chug a 4 1/2 oz bottle in 5 minutes with the slow flow latex version . So I tried these silicone NaturaLatch slow flows and they are way too slow . My baby gets frustrated with how slow these nipples flow . It took him up to an hour sometimes to finish a 4 1/2 oz bottle ! There needs to be some middle ground . Since these slow flow silicone nipples were too slow , I tried the medium flow version and it was way too fast . Strangely enough I found that the Playtex Orthodontic Latex medium flow is the perfect flow speed , but the shape of the nipple makes it difficult for my baby to get those last drops . Playtex needs to work on improving the nipple flows .
 I 've gone back to work and not even these nipples are `` natural '' enough to make my daughter stop refusing a bottle ! The nipples are thrice as long as my own . The textured ring is barely noticeable ! Hardly a comparison to a real nipple .
 My first baby used ok , not for my second baby , Not slow enough for newborn baby at all . Maybe for bigger ones .
 The InStep Run Around LTD is just not great . The front wheel is stationary , making it really hard to jog or even walk on a trail . In order for me to fit the stroller in my trunk , I had to remove the front wheel which is a total pain in the butt and is almost impossible to get back in the socket . The wheels also suck and do not stay inflated . I spent a few more dollars and got the Jeep jogging stroller , and I love it ! It is more compact , has a built in MP3 player , and the front wheel also rotates . Do n't buy this .
 Ugh ! I spent so much time trying to find a decent and not too expensive all-terrain stroller . However , I now kick myself for not getting one with a front wheel that is not locked . We are always hiking and I thought the bigger the tires the better , but that is definitely not the case . It is horrible to steer . The tires are always flat and the rims have rusted almost completely . My daughter bangs her head on the side bars , so I have to strategically place a blanket around the back . The seat belt has buckles that are hard to snap and I always pinch my hands buckling my daughter in . The straps are not meant for a small child . Even with my daughter at two years old , I have to have the straps cinched down as far as they will go and she can still pull out of them .
 We were given an instep jogging stroller as a gift and loved it until one day it refused to fold . The latch on one side would not release . My wife runs mostly from the house and this stroller had been folded less than 10 times.The side latch that broke is inside the frame and can not be repaired even by the bike store -LRB- this was confirmed by customer service -RRB- . Unfortunately the stroller was six months out of warranty and instep will do nothing to help . I called and the bike store called and the company says no warranty no luck.This part is innacessible to replace and as I said the stroller had been folded so few times I am very very disapointed with the product and this company and will never buy from them again . For such an integral part to fail is a real shame .
 We had purchased this as a gift for a friend but she had already received one so we kept it . It was roughly 8 months before we took it out of the box to use it and the front tire was missing . I called their customer service as their instructions suggested and they refused it fix their mistake . Rather than making the stroller totally useless , we had to pay an additional $ 50 to get the tire and pay for shipping . Terrible company with terrible customer service . I am now just hoping the stroller holds up ... if not , i will be back to finish this review .
 I bought this stroller on the 23rd of December 2009 , it arrived a week after , and it was defective -LRB- front brakes do n't work at all -RRB- . I contacted Baby Age on their next working day in regards of this problem and told them that I was not interested in replacing the defective brakes , I wanted a refund since I was not satisfied with the quality of the product and their Return Policy is good for 30 days . It turns out that the item was sold by them but shipped from the manufacturer InStep , which means that Baby Age had to contact the manufacturer , wait for a confirmation from them saying that the return was approved , and set a date for Fed EX to come and pick up the stroller . Well , a month has gone by now and I 've been contacting both Baby Age and InStep to inquire about the status of my `` return '' and every time I call Baby Age , they tell me that they are still waiting for an answer from InStep . Three different times I 've been told by Baby Age 's customer service representatives that InStep said they needed to know more about what was wrong with the product and that InStep wanted me to contacted them directly . Every time I called InStep they tell me I 'm not supposed to be calling them , because Baby Age should be doing that on my behalf . It 's been almost 30 days now and I 'm still waiting for them to get their heads right so that I can return the stroller and I 'm starting to grow tired of this . I really hope this review helps you a lot on your decision , I 've bought so many things through Amazon and I 've never had a problem like this , NEVER ! The customer service representatives are always very nice to me and seem to be trying to help but for some reason it 's useless , nothing ever happens , they just keep telling me that InStep will either notify them or me through an email whenever they approve the return . Seriously , do n't buy from them !!!! Save yourself a headache and some bucks !!! I 'm not the kind of person to write reviews , specially negative ones , but this two companies well deserve it for their horrendous customer service .
 I purchased the Instep Run Around LTD , received it and opened the package only to find that the grip had big cuts in it . I returned it and was sent a second stroller . When I opened it , same thing , cuts in the grips . I would have thought it was from shipping if there were holes in the box , but there were none . I called Instep and they offered a repair kit , for a brand new stroller . Also , the grips were uneven , one side was longer than the other . I know that this is not a top dollar jogger , but give me a break . It still should be better than all this for $ 100 on sale . I returned the second stroller also . I will think twice before ordering anything like this again online ...
 My wife and I bought this glider and ottoman in May 2009 . After about 2 years and 3 months of use , they both began squeaking loudly . The bearings are shot . I called Storkcraft to get new bearings . They said that since it 's over a year old , it 's no longer under warranty . I replied , that 's fine , can I order some new bearings ? They said they do n't sell just the bearings , only the base which was about $ 60 shipped each . I feel this is unacceptable . The chair and ottoman lasted slightly over 2 years and it 's going to cost over $ 60 each to replace them . I do not intend on buying anything Storkcraft again .
 This step stool was not tall enough for my 2.5 year old to get himself onto to the toilet or reach the sink to wash his hands . Not even close !
 A friend of mine got this stool for her kid and I see no difference between it and an ikea one that I have . Ikea sells a step stool with a non slip top and also a non-slip underside for $ 2.99 . Unless you do n't have access to an ikea and have no other reason to go besides getting a step stool , you should save your money .
 This step stool is very small . I intended to buy the larger one , but somehow misread the sizing when I made my order . It is not very sturdy either . I bought this stool for my 16 month old to reach the bathroom sink , and she would tip the stool to the side . I ended up returning the stool and paying the extra money to buy a solid wood sturdy stool .
 Yes , it is safe , but it is too short for my 3 years old kid to reach the sink or toilet . The step is only 6 inch high .
 I thought this would be a bit higher - I 'm 5 ' 5 but seem to be struggling to give my baby bath . would n't recommend
 This is an incredibly short step stool . My son is 36 '' and is n't tall enough to use it to sit on the toilet or to pee while standing up . It is also quite expensive for a simple plastic stepping stool . I bought it since it was so popular/highly rated . I just went out and bought one from the hardware store that works much better .
 This step stool is a safety hazard . The sides are not angled enough so a two-year-old can easily step too close to the edge and tip it over . In fact the stepping surface is so small that it 's hard for a little guy to stay in the middle of it . And when the stool is tumbled over a little explorer can hurt himself badly when he falls onto the sharp edges of the legs .
 I do n't think the designers of this stool had a good grasp of the physics behind getting knocked over . The larger footprint you can make the harder it is to get knocked over -LRB- think trees roots -RRB- . The base of this Bjorn stool is too narrow , such that if my son stands right on the edge it will topple over.I compared this stool side-by-side with our other stool -LRB- a older baby trend model -RRB- and you can see the difference in size of the base . When I push down on the edge of the baby trend stool , nothing happens . When I gently push on the edge of the Bjorn step , it flips ! Unfortunately , amazon does n't sell the baby trend one and I ca n't find it online elsewhere , otherwise I would recommend that one instead.UPDATE
 I bought this stool for toilet training . It does not get my 36 inch tall son anywhere near the potty seat except to peer down into the toilet . I moved the step into the kitchen so he can use it to get water from the refrigerator . False advertising .
 This step was terribly disappointing , the grips on the bottom do n't keep the step from sliding right out from under my son 's feet . The third time he stepped up it went right out from under his feet and he fell over and landed on the edge of the tub , it was awful . It seems to work okay on the carpeted surface , but I 'm not really giving it much use anymore .
 Like all Bjorn products , this stool is well-made . However , it is too short to be useful . We have a tall 2.5 year old and the ugly $ 5 Target version is the one we have to use simply because it 's 1-2 inches higher .
 This product is not the safest step stool for kids especially little kids . My twins are 2 years old and we recently start using the step stool and the matching potty and to be honest both products are disappointing . This worked perfect in our guest bathroom where standing on top of a rag is well support . But my other bathroom is tile and it slides a lot regardless of the rubber underneath . Also the stool is quite small and both of my kids have fallen from it few times because they will step on the corner first and before they get the chance to put the other foot up they are on the floor . Before I even decided this will be a definite return my kids did not care to use it almost as if they were scared to go on it .
 Seems like a great item , and I purchased it based on other reviews . However , the textured -LRB- no-slip ? -RRB- surface hurts my 4-year-old 's bare feet when she gets on it to brush teeth or wash hands . I will be returning it and trying something else .
 This stool is only 6 inches tall -LRB- or a little less ... the box it arrived in was 6 inches tall -RRB- . There is no assembly it seems to be really great quality . Rubber skid resistant top and legs.I went to Target and bought an 8 '' stool near the mops & buckets for $ 5.99 and will be returning this item .
 This stool can flip completely over if your child tips it and they can land squarely in the middle of the overturned stool . This has happened to my son more than once but this time he got a huge deep scrape from on e of the legs . I am going to complain to the manufacturer as well but am hoping to save other children from injury !
 We agonized over which stool to buy our 2 yr old daughter . We wanted one that could be used to help her reach the toilet and later the sink as she got older . It 's great for reaching the toilet and even eventually the light switch . But it 's very short for trying to reach the sink.I do like the wide base -LRB- although she 's still fallen off of it -RRB- and the rubber top .
 Its probably because my baby is n't tall enough , but He ca n't put his feet on this thing without it sliding when he is on the toliet . The top surface is nice , but the bottom needs more slide resistance .
 I actually liked this stool for the longest time . What I love about it is the slip-resistant top and bottom . However , as my kids got older and weighed more , I find that if they if they place their weight too much to one side it does tip over . They 've learned to be careful and we do still use this in their bathroom . My biggest problem with the stool is that the underside of the stool is made with a plastic grid and once my son fell on it when the stool was upside down and had to go to the hospital and get stitches in his knee . I was surprised that the plastic was able to cut him like that . Now , I know Baby Bjorn did not intend for this stool to be used upside down , but my kids are always moving this stool around to use it in different places , and sometimes they leave it upside down . These are just things to keep in mind if you purchase this stool . I obviously have n't thrown mine out , but I would n't buy another one & it probably should have gone into the trash after a visit to the emergency room .
 Got this for our first child -LRB- read
 This stool is nothing special AT ALL ! I paid like $ 16 for a stool that is not slide proof and is not tall enough to get my daughter 's face over the bathroom counter . It was a total waste of money . I got a better stool from the dollar store !
 Tried to use this for a long time on multiple babies since we had a pool . Unfortunately , I could never get it set so it was very useful . Seems like a great concept , but I found the thing to be too slack and the baby would fall all over the place.I had to keep my hands on all the time . And the baby could n't interact in the water with the parent very well which is the entire reason for being in the water.The carrier seemed ill fitting for me .
 I bought these for my daughter 's room because I already had 2 valance panels from the same brand and style but needed a couple more . The picture of the valance that I purchased is exactly what I have in style and color , but when I received the product , they were a different style and do not go with what I already have . I was very dissapointed as I really was hoping to have 2 more valance panels to go with what I already had . Shipping though was fast which was really the only positive thing about this purchase , and the valances are in perfect condition ... just not what the picture showed .
 I wash everything before use ; what a wrinkled , shrunken mess ! The color was n't `` true '' either.Tadpoles Basics Gingham Rod Pocket Window Valance , Yellow
 The first description says that this valance is longer than it actually is . The color is not true at all . The entire valance was one color purple , there was not a darker color at the bottom as the picture shows . Sent it back !
 I 'm not usually paranoid but I was very surprised to find out how many health professionals I spoke with were adamant against using talc based powders . The fine particles go deep into the lungs of you and the child . I 'm not sure I am 100 % that it 's similar to asbestos in possible harm but it 's enough to make me throw it away and go back to messy creams . I 've heard that corn starch is better as the granules are larger .
 The bedding is beautiful and perfect for a little girl . However , it is so poorly made . The stitching is coming undone on the bumper and we are unable to secure it to the crib . We could not recommend this o anyone due to the poor quality .
 Got a new cushion for a 5 year old chair , and the old cushion still looks better than the new one . Svan is clearly on a downward slope in quality , the new cushion looks cheap , poorly made and is much less padded than the old one . It is disappointing when a company 's own product looks like a knockoff .
 I bought my daughters -LRB- who were both pregnant at the same time -RRB- one of these chair each . My one daughter gave me the chair back when her baby was six month old because the baby was shaking it apart . The bolts fall out of it easily . It is extremely hard to clean and also very hard to put a toddler in the chair because of the `` fit '' . The other daughter moved her baby into a BUMPPO and booster chair at the 4 to 6 month old level.I would NOT recommend this chair at all .
 I wash everything before use ; what a wrinkled , shrunken mess ! The color was n't `` true '' either.Tadpoles Basics Gingham Rod Pocket Window Valance , Yellow
 The first description says that this valance is longer than it actually is . The color is not true at all . The entire valance was one color purple , there was not a darker color at the bottom as the picture shows . Sent it back !
 I bought these for my daughter 's room because I already had 2 valance panels from the same brand and style but needed a couple more . The picture of the valance that I purchased is exactly what I have in style and color , but when I received the product , they were a different style and do not go with what I already have . I was very dissapointed as I really was hoping to have 2 more valance panels to go with what I already had . Shipping though was fast which was really the only positive thing about this purchase , and the valances are in perfect condition ... just not what the picture showed .
 I bought these for my daughter 's room because I already had 2 valance panels from the same brand and style but needed a couple more . The picture of the valance that I purchased is exactly what I have in style and color , but when I received the product , they were a different style and do not go with what I already have . I was very dissapointed as I really was hoping to have 2 more valance panels to go with what I already had . Shipping though was fast which was really the only positive thing about this purchase , and the valances are in perfect condition ... just not what the picture showed .
 I wash everything before use ; what a wrinkled , shrunken mess ! The color was n't `` true '' either.Tadpoles Basics Gingham Rod Pocket Window Valance , Yellow
 The first description says that this valance is longer than it actually is . The color is not true at all . The entire valance was one color purple , there was not a darker color at the bottom as the picture shows . Sent it back !
 I purchased these spoons thinking that they 'd be a handy way to avoid the sometimes messy `` wrist checks '' for the temperature of the food . . However , these spoons , rather than changing color when the food is too hot , go white at anything other than room temperature , making it necessary to do the wrist-check for anything that is even slightly warmed up.This means that they 're essentially color-changing disposable plastic spoons that are slightly smaller than adult plastic spoons and worlds more expensive . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I ordered this product online , because the measurements seemed perfect for the small space I have . However , after putting it together , it is not at all the size it claims to be . The actual size is 38H x 20D x 36w . Not 39 1/2 H x 16 3/4 D x 22 1/4 W !!! I was extremely dissapointed in the false advertising !
 They look good but my boy hates them . He would rather drink his milk from a glass than use this cup . I dont know what the real problem is but i feel the bottle is huge compared to its mouth ...
 On the positive side , my daughter loves the wheel and horn feature on this walker . The steering wheel turns , beeps , makes an ignition sound , and plays music , all very fun . This walker is also very durable and would last through multiple children.However , I wanted a walker that my daughter could actually walk in . We have had the walker since she was about 4 months . She began walking at 9.5 months . She is now 11.5 months and is walking very well and still can not walk in this walker . The same durability that I thought would make this walker a good choice , is very cumbersome for her . The way the child 's legs hang out , I do n't think I would be able to walk in it if it were made for my size . We do not have carpet in our house and even on smooth surfaces the walker requires a lot of initial force to get it going . Carpet is impossible , even with an adult helping.All in all , I would recommend a much less expensive steering wheel toy to compensate for the great features of this walker . I do n't think I would recommend a walker at all . My daughter preferred installed towel racks her height around the rooms , and a helping hand from mom or dad to start walking than to be put into something .
 We have the baby girl version of this in pink and let me tell you , it is too big and heavy for a baby to walk around in . It has scuffed the bottom of our walls and it is just too big to store away when not in use . Our baby was in the 95th percentile for weight and height , but this walker still gave her much trouble in moving around in , I do n't recommend this at all
 We put our 4 1/2 month old son in this walker and within a week of minimal use , the wheels broke off ! We have hard wood floors and tile so there is nothing to put a strain on the wheels , and our baby could n't walk at all ! Just gently pushing it along caused the front wheels to break off . Upon inspection , I found that they were attached to the walker with a flimsy , thin rod of plastic . This product is Cheap and not very entertaining , I would not recommend this to anyone , it was a waste of money .
 As a pediatrician , I feel that I must pass on that baby walkers are not safe to be using . Thousands of children each year are harmed by injuries with walkers . Children suffer many falls using the mobile walkers . Do not let your child use a walker . In addition , a walker actually inhibits your child 's ability to walk -- the walker prevents them using the muscles of the thighs and actually delays walking .
 This walker is cute , but it just does n't have enough entertainment value to amuse my son for any length of time . He easily tires of the three noises that it makes , and it does n't roll around easily enough on my carpet . My mother purchased a Step and Play Piano that she keeps at her home for my son and he absolutely loves that . I think that I am going to retire the jeep walker and buy either the Step and Play or an ExerSaucer Ultra for my house . While these activity centers are a bit more expensive , I think that in the long run they will be better investments than Jeep Renegade walker .
 I was happy when this blanket arrived at first glance . It looked very pretty , however the satin backing is incredibly cheap . I do n't even think it should be called satin . It is extremely rigid and rough . Not soft for a baby .
 The mobile is very cute but , it does n't fit on our crib ... it is only designed to fit on a standard old-style crib . We have a sleigh style crib and there is no way that it will fit . It does have a desktop option but , it almost seems to heavy to use that way .
 I got this initially as a gift and LOVED it . It sounds wonderful and is quite soothing , BUT , the first one soon crapped out after only 2 months of LIGHT use . -LRB- Not the batteries . Oh , and by the way , did you notice it takes 4 D batteries ?! -RRB- FP did an exchange by mail which took almost a month , and the second one was also defective ... or maybe I snapped the birds in wrong . Either way , it was a major pain . I returned the second one , FP sent me a check to cover the replacement cost as I did n't want another one . In the end , we ended up with a Tiny Love mobile that she loves-is easy to put together and only takes 2 AA batteries . Oh , breath of fresh air !
 The mobile is cute , but lacks the features necessary to sooth a small infant to sleep . First of all , the light is very dim , does not cast shadows or even glow enough to see the birds . The music has two settings-loud and louder , and it does n't play for very long . The birds randomly just quit moving , although the music is still playing . Also , the birds are up so high , that I do n't think my infant could even see them . It just did not hold her attention at all , and frankly this product was not what I expected based on the advertisment of the product . I switched to the Ocean Wonders aquarium and it is an essemtial for soothing my baby to sleep . Plus , like the flutterby mobile , it can be purchased with a remote which is very useful ! The flutterby mobile may be useful for older infants/toddlers , but I found it unhelpful in aiding my small infant to sleep .
 I do n't know how all of the other reviewers got this to work because it would n't work for me . I put it together exactly as the directions stated and it would not turn as it 's supposed to . The music and light worked but there was absoloutely no motion , just the minute sound of the motor turning , which did n't spin the birds . Would have been great if it did work !
 From the first use , and after trying with brand new batteries , the remote never worked properly . If you pressed the start button on the base it the remote would work for about 10-15 minutes . After that you had to repress the start button on the base . This made it useless to us at night when we needed it because we would have to try to sneak into our daughter 's room to restart it -LRB- HA ! -RRB- . I gave it 2 stars only because it 's so cute and it holds our baby 's attention when it actually works . I would definitely buy something else next time !
 I absolutely love the look of this mobile and bought it for my baby . I put it together and it did not work - no music , no movement , no lights . I took it back to the store and got another one , I figured it was just a fluke . But , again after I put it together it did not work !! I was so frustrated , I tried everything to get it to work , I tried different batteries , I took it apart and put it back together , I read other reviews and tried those suggestions , I called Fisher Price -LRB- they told me to exchange it again ! -RRB- , but nothing worked . I can understand one faulty mobile but to get another just proves that this particular mobile is of poor quality . I love Fisher Price , too bad they ca n't get their act together with this mobile .
 We got this mobile as a shower gift . After I put it together ours too did not work . THe birds would not rotate . I took apart the entire spinning mechanism , and finally got the birds to move . Then , when we went to install it on the crib found out that the mobile attachment only works on cribs with small rails , or more traditional cribs . We have a fixed rail crib , with thick sides and spindles and there is no way to afix the mobile ! A big pain after all the mechanism problems !
 This would have been really cute , except for when you put it together and the birdies do n't fly . I kind of got them to work , but then they would stop . Also on the box it does not tell you that it only will hang on traditional cribs . The box shows a picture with the mobile against the rail - it has to be on top .
 I bought this for my infant daughter , & boy do I wish I read the reviews on it first ! We 've only had it a day & already the birds are n't working . It 's really a piece of junk . If you own a newer crib do n't buy it if you plan on attaching it to the side because it wo n't fit . It 's designed to ONLY fit the older style cribs with a very thin rail along the top of the crib . The only positive things I can say about thisproduct is that the music is rather pleasant . Honestly save your money & buy another mobile .
 After I finally put it together ... the mobile would not rotate ! I read about this problem on another website 's reviews and figured that the people did n't put it together correctly . Well , the music went on , the light went on , but the birdies stood still . I could hear them trying to move . Also , once you snap it all together , you are not able to disassemble so it 's almost impossible to mail back . I also thought that the light would blink or have motion , but it just remains on . My infant loves blinking lights.Also , I was hoping to use this as something to stand over the changing table and playard . It is very top heavy , so if you touch it , it tips over easily . Also , the mobile hangs almost as low as the base of the stand , so it could never be a standing mobile . It would never be used just with the base.It 's not worth it .
 I purchased this mobile for my twins , and returned it before they were even born . It is the poorest design for putting something together I have ever seen . If you do n't snap those birds in EXACTLY perfect on the first try , you ca n't take them off to try again , and then the mobile wo n't work.Fisher Price should be ashamed of themselves !
 The Memory Box itself is very cute and a good size to contain all those little newborn keepsakes . The two inserts on the front have glass covering them up and then reversible blue/pink inserts . However , mine arrived today from Amazon and was damaged . The wood had a stress crack at the corner of the frame cutout and the upper right portion of the box and lid had a dent/scratch in it . The box is packed in a cardboard outer box where all but the front of the Memory Box is protected . This damage must have occurred before it was shipped out to me as my UPS box was in good shape .
 Its nothing more than a maxipad for toddlers . I put one in my son 's underwear -LRB- reluctantly -RRB- and saw him walking around with it . I took it out less than 10 minutes later . I was very unconfortable using them . It 's not even that it kinda looks like a maxipad - it IS a maxipad . Nothing more . Save your money . I should have saved mine instead . Just let them wear regular underwear and change after each accident . They 'll get the hang of it .
 We purchased 2 of these seats to give to the grandparents for when my son came to visit them . Right out of the box , the seat pad would n't stay on the seat and slides around during use . I figured I could live with that since it was just a cheap seat anyway . After only 5 or 6 uses however , the clip that holds the seat belt adjuster to the booster snapped while installing the seat into our second car a few days ago.I tried to contact Evenflo to report this problem , but they were completely unconcerned about the failure of their product . They told me that they only warranty the seat for 90 days from purchase -LRB- and you have to have proof of purchase -RRB- . They did offer to send me out a replacement part , but under the circumstances , I do n't feel comfortable using the seat at all , so I 'll be destroying and disposing of it . I explained that we were thinking of replacing the seat with a different Evenflo model and asked if a discount coupon was available to reduce the cost of replacing the defective seat , but they told me that out of warranty it was no longer their problem.Thank goodness this part failed while installing the seat and not during a crash , or my son certainly would have been seriously injured . We have n't had any problems yet with the other seat , but I 'll be replacing it anyway just to be safe . After their horrible customer service , I wo n't be buying another Evenflo ANYTHING ever again .
 This jogger/stroller has a mind of its own . Just like that crazy shopping cart that steers left . This stroller has that same tendency.We wanted a big wheeled stroller for our forthcoming colorado vacation.The first stroller would tend to gently veer left . Well thats ok for a block or so , but a mile into our test walk it got pretty irritating . My left arm was getting tired trying to keep in lane . So we exchanged it for anouther one ... . Well sure enough it kept gently pulling left also.At the store you really ca n't appreciate the pull because you walk a few feet down the lane . So we went back again . Plopped junior in and strolled the store . Yep . That one pulled too.Its a sturdy stroller . Easy open - easy close . Nice consol for keys and stuff . Under the stroller storage bin . Not too heavy given its sturdiness ... . But that veering is unbearable .
 they sent me a different model and I had to return it -LRB- I wanted the front wheels with the option to swivel -RRB- . Got mad at the time but had everything solved and was reimbursed afterwards . I ended up buying another model in a local store .
 These were alot bigger then I expected , make sure that you have a perfect spot for these , they look best clustered together like one on top and two on the bottom , they to were not the exact color I thought they would be , they were faded to .
 We have a slightly older version of this high chair -- the features are comparable . I knew when I was putting it together that this item would require extra supervision given that it is so flimsy . What I did n't realize was that the buckle could be opened by the baby just leaning forward . After removing the tray for one second , with an adult less than three feet away , our 8 month old leaned forward and , apparently with just the pressure from her legs and belly , released the clasp of the restraint and tumbled to the floor . She bruised her forehead and fractured her femur . Needless to say , we were mortified . Please do n't buy this product
 I ordered these and was pretty pissed to receive a double pack of Cool Alert Pull-Ups , which are $ 10 cheaper than what is pictured here for the same size . Very deceptive . Cool Alert Pull-Ups are not only cheaper , but if you subscribe and save there is more than $ 10 in savings . Spare yourself -- what is pictured is not what you get . : -LRB-
 We have twin boys , premature ... and I have searched high and low for chlorine free diapers . NO ONE has any chlorine free newborn diapers . As an infant , you would think that is the most important time to have chlorine free diapers , but not a single online vendor or retail store carries them ... unless we go to cloth , which is not feasible with preemie twins . Online vendors need to wake up to the fact that babies are not born at 14 pounds ...
 My baby is the long skinny kind , and these have been leaking at least once every 24 hours , soaking him , his clothes and his bedding . As much as I dislike chemicals and environmentally adverse products , I am reverting to Huggies until I find a better solution . The frills around the legs make them difficult/longer to put on , and since newborns really do n't enjoy diaper changes , they seem like an unnecessary system -LRB- other brands do n't have them and do n't leak -RRB- .
 Seriously , this is 3 times what you would pay at ANY store . DO NOT BUY !!!!
 When I registered for a diaper bag , I wanted something that my husband could feel comfortable carrying around . This was good for that reason , and that reason only ! The shoulder strap attachment ripped off , the middle zipper pull fell apart so I had to use a safety pin to keep it on , and I found the attached changing pad annoying . I never used it . I packed a portable one in the side pocket . By the time my son was 2 months old , the pad was too small and he did n't fit on it . Plus , it was difficult to position and use . I would definitely NOT suggest purchasing this product .
 I 'm a mom of a 7 month old and am looking for a different diaper bag . I find this bag a bit burdensome . The feature of the fold out changing pad makes the bag bulky , and my growing daughter no longer fits on the changing pad . I would n't recommend this bag .
 I just had a baby boy 8 months ago . I loved the fact that I was able to buy a lot of Eddie Bower matching items for my son . We bought the diaper bag and it was awesome until 4 months down the line the hand strap broke off of the bag . I have since heard that this has happned to a lot of buyers of the bag . Sad to say the bag is great and I thought it was good quality until it broke and was unable to be fixed.I hate to think that Eddie Bower would allow this low quality bag to be a part of their high quality name .
 I bought the large and small messenger bags to use for my first child . He is 4 months old and I am now looking for a different set . The large bag is too large for everyday use so I only use it for traveling . The small bag I have used since he was born and am VERY disappointed . When he was three weeks old the zipper on the top broke and I had to return it to Babies R Us . I gave the bag the benefit of the doubt and got another one . Now the fabric on the front pocket has ripped away from the bag , the bottle holders on the inside are coming loose , and the mesh pockets on the side -LRB- which I do n't even use b/c I use the AVENT bottles and they do n't fit in them -RRB- is coming apart also . If you are expecting this bag to last for a long time ... DO N'T !!!
 lots of room and a great look , but the zipper broke after only 2 months of use , and it 's hard to get even small baby related stains -LRB- spilled formula -RRB- out of the exterior so i am very disappointed with my purchase and in the quality of workmanship in this eddie bauer product
 I received this diaper bag at my first baby shower and did n't really start using it until I went back to work and my baby went to daycare . I already decided that it was way too big for your everyday outings so I really never used it up until recently.When we started daycare , I packed it with diapers , extra clothes , bottles for the whole day etc. . . It was wonderful space-wise but the double zipper on the top was a pain !! It started jamming up and eventually just stopped holding the bag closed . I would not recommend this bag if you like the easy of just opening and closing a bag with one motion and the fact that the zipper breaks easily . I only give it 2 stars because of the space .
 I bought this bag thinking that it was unisex enough for myself and my husband to use . I loved the changing pad and all the room inside . However , my son is only 4 months old now and the handle is beginning to rip . I tried to sew it back together but I ca n't get the needle through the thick material and velcro . I have read several reviews that rave about the bag ... I only wish I had one of theirs . I use this bag maybe twice a week and it 's already falling apart . If you do decide on this bag , I hope you have better luck with it than I did .
 We purchased this sharp-looking bag because it appeared to fill all our needs . However , upon packing it for the first time we discovered a missing zipper pull , rendering part of the bag useless . We were going to exchange the bag for an identical one , but changed our minds after talking to another couple who have been using the same bag for a few months . They reported that one of their zippers broke almost immediately and that the attached changing pad was useless . I also noticed that the attached changing pad was very thin and since it 's attached to the whole big bag , negotiating a proper space to use the pad is difficult . We exchanged ours for the Eddie Bauer Urban Overnighter Diaper Bag , instead . It has a -LRB- truly -RRB- padded removable changing pad and fewer zippers than the Weekender . It is made of shiny nylon and is just as attractive and roomy as the Weekender . Not all diaper bags are created the same - you need a very sturdy bag that takes a beating , so shop around !
 I 'm a mom of a 7 month old and am looking for a different diaper bag . I find this bag a bit burdensome . The feature of the fold out changing pad makes the bag bulky , and my growing daughter no longer fits on the changing pad . I would n't recommend this bag .
 I registered for this bag and loved it when I received it . Much to my disappointment the zipper broke on the bag when my son was around 18 months old .
 I bought this bag thinking that it would hold everything that Ineed to carry . Boy was I wrong . By the time I put his clothes and blanket in there was no room . also if you use the avent bottles you cant fit them in the bottle holders on the inside . If you keep the zipped bag in place you can hold even less . the only time I could use this bag was if I was going out for a short time . also the strap never stayed on my shoulder so it was very hard to juggel a baby abd the bag . I am still in search for a decent bag that holds enough for a whole day and then some.If you are thinking of buying this dont keep looking .
 The bag is roomy , well-thought out , but NOT durable . The top zipper broke after only 6 months , and then the next week , the plastic hardware holding the shoulder strap on broke off . I will not be buying an Eddie Bauer replacement .
 Thought this bag would be big enough to hold it all . I soon realized that it is more of a tall thin briefcase than a diaperbag.Got a backpack instead that holds multiple bottles , formula and a few changes of clothes .
 The first overnight trip we took with our infant one of the plastic pieces that holds the shoulder strap on broke . On longer trips I have just packed my son 's stuff in the same suitcase as mine and just taken the smaller day bag on the plane or in the car with me .
 You should n't need Eddie Bauer 's name on the bag to make you feel secure that you are using the best diaper bag available . I recommend using a plastic bag from your local supermarket , it works just as well and best of all , it 's free with purchase of any food item . Or just ask them for a bag and I 'm sure they 'll give you one . Plastic bags are easily replaced , whereas spending a fortune on another Eddie Bauer bag might put a dent in the weekly `` children expense '' budget .
 I liked this bag because it was masculine but the handle started ripping after about 2 months and finally broke after 4 months . We tried to sew it but that was pain . It is a nice bag with good features but be careful with the handles.Oh and the diaper pad being attached is nice idea in theory but when I use it in public restrooms on diaper changers there is not enough room for the bag on the changer . It gets top heavy and falls and could be dangerous with the baby on it . Plus it 's a pretty short diaper pad . You 're better off with a separate diaper pad . So overall , I would not recommend this exact item .
 This bag is big , bulky , holds a lot , is heavy , and not terribly stylish . I used it for the first year with my first child but would n't use it again in the future . I NEVER used the attached changing pad , it just added bulk to the bag . If you are going on a long excursion where you wo n't have a car nearby for your backup stash of supplies and need everything but the kitchen sink , this is a decent bag . But if you are looking for a daily-use bag that will see you and baby through running a couple errands , I 'd shop around for something trimmer .
 This was the bag that I asked for in my registry so when I got it , I was thrilled . However , it soon became obvious this would not work for the day to day . It was way too bulky . My son is now 2 years old and I only use this when I travel . Needless to say I have only used it about 20 times . The pull out , but still attached , changig pad is nice but now that my son is older it gets a little awkward . The clear plastic pouch inside is very annoying also . I would have returned it but my husband thought we could keep it to travel so now that 's all we use it for . It has become my son 's carry on bag !
 This is the only diaper bag I have used with my daughter , who is now almost 2 years old , because it 's the only one I have . We 've managed just fine , but with our second baby on the way , I am definitely ready for something different . The attached changing pad becomes annoying very quickly . It is almost impossible to use at most diaper changing facilities while you are out and about , and thus required me to pack a second changing pad . The changing pad also adds quite a bit of bulk to the front of the bag . The pad on the shoulder strap ripped off very quickly and the bag is not the easiest to carry around . I would also prefer something with a few more compartments to keep things separated inside . All and all , I would not recommend it .
 This bag looked very un-diaper bag - perfect for dads too . And since we travel often , this looked perfect for my daughter . It 's not . It 's too small for any real weekend anywhere . Kids go through a lot of clothes sometimes and this bag does not let you be prepared - unless you cram everythig in and have to dump it out to find anything . And its too heavy for use as a normal day diaper bag - without anything in it ! And what 's with the attached changing pad ? How are you supposed to fit a baby and this big bag on one of those public restroom changing tables ? Maybe with a new-newborn , but then the bag probably weighs more than the baby and would drag the baby off the end of the table ! Do n't even get me started on the airplane restrooms - you the baby and the bag will not fit . If you buy this bag , you 'll also need to purchase those disposable chaging pads from Huggies . My advice is to not waste your money .
 I registered for this bag and received it at my shower . I was so excited to start using it , but it just proved to be too heavy and bulky for everyday use . I tried several times to use it for weekend trips , but it does n't really hold as much as I expected it to . I have resorted to using the little one I got at the hospital . It holds everything I need and is very light . The fact that it is black and does n't scream `` baby '' makes it absolutely PERFECT !
 I thought this diaper bag would be great because of the size . And really like the neutral colors of the bag for a boy or girl . Several months after our daughter was born , the zipper started coming off track . The middle part of the diaper bag actually has two zippers . And both have been giving us problems . I 've been carrying this bag for 15 months and I hate the zipper . Most of the time it does n't even get zipped because one or both sides just pull open even after the zipper has been pulled closed . I would n't recommend this bag to anyone .
 Nice , understated colour . A good size on the outside . However , it is heavy and bulky before you even put anything into it . The changing pad is attached to the bag which is very awkward . There are not enough little compartments for small things . There are not enough little compartments on the outside of the bag for things like cloths that you need to grab quickly .
 Do not waste your money ... i got this for my shower and the handle ripped before we even got it to the hospital to bring our son home ! the zippers got stuck and wo n't open , and it has frayed in other places . Eddie Bauer quality has stayed back in the 90 's . It no longer exsist 's . I have purchased quite a few Eddie Bauer products with the birth of my child , and have been dissapointed and taken them back EVERY time ... Its frustrating , and time consuming ... Better luck with a different bag !
 I bought the small and the large Eddie Bauer bags to match and the small one is great ! This bag is like a regular duffle bag ! It does n't have any compartments inside for bottles so that shake around everywhere . Plus the diaper changer pad is connected to the bag , so you change your baby practically on the bag itself . If you have a larger baby forget using the changer pad . I like the Eddie Bauer products , but this one I was not impressed with . It is just not a diaper bag at all ! Buy the small one with all the compartments !
 I found this bag to be bulky and heavy . The changing pad on the front is attached and completely useless on top of the fact that it takes up a lot of what would otherwise be useful space .
 I really liked my Eddie Bauer Bag in the beginning . The material holds up well . It is nice and roomy too ! However , I soon realized that the bag is heavy when it is empty . It is a great strain on my shoulder . Also , the diaper changing mat that comes with it does n't last long . My baby is now 5 months and is almost too big for it . I 'm looking into buying a backpack and a larger changing mat .
 I purchased this diaper bag for my wife . Within a week of using it I was sorry I ever found it on Amazon.com . The bag is much smaller then other diaper bags of this price . The zippers have all broken and trying to clean it out is a nightmare . I ended up buying a much nicer bag at the local babies-r-us store . The Eddie Bauer bag has a small area to hold bottles , an attached changing pad -LRB- it makes it hard to use in cramped bathrooms -RRB- , the zippers are undersized , and it stains like crazyDO NOT BUY THIS DIAPER BAG ... if I can stop just one person from owning this monster I 'll feel better .
 I received this bag as a gift from my registry . I thought it would be pretty nice because it had lots of pockets . I have only been using it for 2 months now and the front pocket has already ripped at the seam . There is no way to repair it . I had small things in there -LRB- nail clippers , medicine , comb -RRB- and there is no reason for it come apart the way it did . And to top it off , the zipper is coming apart . I do not overstuff this bag and really expected a better quality than this .
 We got this diaper bag so both my husband and I could use it . I thought it would be durable and easy to use . Within 3 months the pad on the shoulder strap had come off . One of the straps that held it on the shoulder strap got shredded by rubbing against the clasp on the side . Also , I do n't like the feature of the 2 handles at the top of the bag getting velcroed together . When rushing to get something in the bag it is more challenging to get to the zipper and contents of the bag when you have to separate the velcroed handles . With a crying baby response time is critical.To be fair , I have to state the positive . It does not look like a diaper bag so it can pass as a briefcase and Dad wo n't lose his manliness carrying it . Also , the fold out changing pad is very convenient to use especially with the bathroom fold down changing tables .
 I love A&D ointment and use it on my son 's bottom at EVERY diaper change to prevent diaper rash . He is almost 2 and has never had a bad case of diaper rash . This price is crazy , in the store the same item is under $ 5 and the one pound tub is about $ 11 - $ 12 . So $ 10 for 4 oz . is definitely WAY overpriced .
 I bought this set for my 20 months old son . The finger brush is good . The finger case part is sturdy , so your finger wo n't get hurt too bad when your kids bite on it . And its brush part works well too.The toothbrush 's bristle is too hard . When I gave it to my son the first time , he immediately put it into his mouth since he had been very interested in a toothbrush for a while -LRB- I used to only use one finger brush on him -RRB- . He of course did not know how to use it to brush his teeth but just biting on it . A few minutes later I could see some pinkish saliva dripped from his mouth , so I pulled it out . I saw the brush was tilted and 2 or 3 bristles sticking out from the brush . I tried the brush myself , and I felt it was not soft enough , and that 2 or 3 bristles really hurt my gum . I guess it hurt my son 's gum badly and the pinkish saliva was from his blood . I never gave him this toothbrush again .
 The idea of this set is nice , but the toothbrush bristles are not quite soft enough for baby 's teeth/gums and a little large for baby 's mouth , and the gum stimulator -LRB- which is the main reason I got this set for my teething baby -RRB- is a bit too big for my baby 's mouth too , and he gags on it pretty easily . The finger brush is good - the same as any other . However , none of the products are BPA-Free , and they 're all made in China , which is always a red flag for me these days ; especially for something that I 'm putting in my baby 's mouth . If you 're looking for a good gum stimulator/massager , I suggest the other one we got which fits my baby 's mouth much nicer , is BPA-Free and is offered with free shipping by Giggle
 The quality of the changing pad is fine , but the colors are SLIGHTLY off from the rest of the set which I did n't understand . If you are ordering this to match other items from the nursery , you 'll notice that the colors look a little different eg . olive green polka dots instead of lime green , etc. . I purchased another one from another vendor -LRB- since I needed a backup anyway -RRB- thinking that the colors would match , however , there was no difference . In addition , if you are looking to use it on a standard changing pad cushion , the belt straps do not easily fit through the holes so you may have to rip into the fabric a little to get it in .
 This pump is not good . I got queasy everytime I looked down at the horn . It 's hard to clean too . And did I mention it 's painful ? A friend of mine gave me her medela breast pump machine . I ca n't see pumping any other way . If you call Medela , they will tell you that you should only use the pump on one person for sanitary reasons . But you can buy new horns , bottles , membranes , tubes etc. . . at minimal cost directly from medela or sometimes your local drug store . The breast milk never reaches the inside pumping mechanism . It goes into the horn and drips directly into the bottle . No one should have to pump manually .
 I am very , very dissapointed with this breast pump , it takes me about an hour just to pump one side and I only used it once or twice a week . Also it 's hard to clean , way too many parts , and milk always gets into the handle . I do not recomend it to any one !
 I bought this peice of junk , and it just arrived a little over two hours ago . Why the review so soon , you ask ? Because I used it once , took it apart and cleaned it just as the directions said to , and now it 's no longer working . The handle is messed up , and I ca n't take it apart to fix it . I got one pump out of it and it broke . I will never , never buy a product from this company again .
 please make sure that your package says something about having a foot pedal with your pump . i ordered this because i have very sore hands and pumping would really make them hurt . i wrote ... to find out why it did n't come with one i think that it is an extra part you have to purchase so just so you know it does n't come with the package . you may want to call to ask first .
 This is the worst manual pump that I have ever had experience with ; I consider myself fairly knowledgeable about breast pumps from both personal and professional experience as a labor and delivery/postpartum nurse and a mother of two . It is difficult to assemble in order to get a good seal , and even then , I was only able to get a small amount of milk pumped , and it took too much time . I even called the helpline and was simply told that `` this pump does not work for everyone . '' I would recommend the Avent Isis over this one . The only reason I tried this pump was because my original Avent Isis pump broke and the price was half the price of the Isis -- now I see why ! I promptly returned this one to The First Years for a refund .
 I 'm the one who always buys generic to save a little money here and there . BIG MISTAKE with breastpumps ! It seems like you get exactly what you pay for . I bought this when I was nursing my son . I stay at home , so I only needed it to pump occasional bottles for trips to the babysitter or when we 'll be gone from home for a long period of time and breastfeeding is n't easily done . I was able to express maybe a half ounce of milk after pumping for 20 minutes , after which my hand and my nipples were sore . Tried several more times , no luck . Threw it out and got the Avent Isis , which worked a little better , but still not that great . Finally broke down and realized I should 've spent the money on the best product in the first place and got the Medela Harmony which worked like a dream ! With all the money I spent buying the three manual pumps I almost could 've gotten a double-electric !
 I must have just focused on the `` good '' reviews on this site , and been blinded by the saving at the checkout counter , because I was under the assunption it would be just fine for my needs . I used this a few times , and it just kept losing suction . It was great at first , but now I figure , why waste my time . I still use it because I use the milk for my sons cereal , and I want to have extra milk on hand `` just in case '' , but I can not wait to get something else.You definitely get what you pay for !
 I bought this product to keep at bedside for quick use at night . Initially , it worked great . I could pump both breast just as fast as I could using my electric pump . I was beginning to think that I wasted money on the electric one - until this manual one stopped working . I reassembled it numerous times , but never could get it to suction like before . After reading reviews , I realized that I am not the only one that this has happened to . This product was great for the short amount of time that it worked -LRB- about 3 weeks -RRB- , so if you are lucky enough to get a good one , it is well worth the $ 20 . I , however , bought a DUD !
 Terrible product . Bad design . Reprehensible instruction manual . The pump works marginally well . It seemed fine for the first few days . Even when perfectly clean and reassebled well , it still only works for a while . After searching through the manual to determine which parts need to be sterilized , it was unclear , so we boiled the body , valve and the bottle . Everything warped , so now it works even less well . Garbage ! Went out and bought a Medela - much better design that works well .
 I noticed that some gave this pump high ratings but over all this pump gets just 3 stars . Maybe some have had better luck with this than others but I noticed that more people stated that it did n't work well . I bought this pump and right away I had problems when I would be pumping it would fall apart . It made my breasts hurt like they have never hurt before with any other pump Ive used in the past . You get what you pay for if you are going back to work you might want to invest in an electric Breast pump , I bought the Playtex Embrace double breast pump and it works wonderfully.PS When I called TFY about my problems the lady just told me how to put it back together -LRB- that was n't the problem -RRB- and got off the phone quickly with me . This went into the trash where it belongs
 The item I bought does n't assemble right , the blue thing just does n't lock with the bottom part attached to it so i returned it for replacement . When the replacement came , they assemble right but i ca n't just get any milk at all despite several attemps and I did n't feel any sucking pressure . I am not sure if i was just doing it wrong but it was useless .
 I bought this pump after I read the reviews on this site . It did not perform as well as I thought it would . It is complicated and difficult to put together . It does n't have extra parts except the storage container . Which means you have to wash it after everytime you use it . So pumping several times a day is a hassle . I have a fast flow and it still takes me like over 10 minutes to pump one ounce ! I personaly do n't have that much extra time . It is not very comfortable to use either , actually it hurts . Save your money and buy an electric Medella on E-bay or at a consignment shop .
 This is a piece of junk ! I bought this when I left the hosiptal with our daughter and ended up getting rid of it and buying and electric one . I try useing this pump twice and did not even end up with an oz of milk . You can find electric ones that are not that much , and they work fine . This pump is cheap , but I guess you get what you pay for .
 First of all , we had to use a pipe wrench to get the thing unscrewed ... it was so tight neither dh or I could get it to budge and even w / the pipe wrench it was a challenge ... Then , there was no way I could get the arrow to line up w / the square , unless I used the pipe wrench ... hmmm ... not sure I want to carry a pipe wrench around with me when I need to pump ... Oh , and the suction is horrible . I have the Avent Isis but wanted something I could pump directly into the Soothie bottles , stupid choice ... the Avent is about 10,000 times better , even with more parts to clean , well worth the time and money ... With the Avent Isis I can pump 6-10 oz in 5 minutes ... this one I was lucky to get an ounce in 5 minutes , do n't waste your money .
 This is a truly horrible product . After buying it , two nurses told us what a waste of money it is , and they are correct . While the company is great at replacing any broken part of the pump , they will not give you your money back and neither will the traditional retailer . I do n't know if Amazon will.Don ' t waste your time , energy , or money on this . I would say that `` it sucks , '' but unfortunately , it does n't .
 i wish i had read the reviews before buying this product . it 's just as bad as the others say it is . do yourself a favor and spend the extra money on one that lasts longer and does a better -LRB- and quicker -RRB- job .
 the pump works well , especially in the morning when the body produces more milk -LRB- 3 oz in 10 min -RRB- . what is frustrating is that the package does not come with nipples for the 2 containers and pouring the milk from the container to a bottle can lead to milk spills , very upsetting experiences.i wanted to buy the nipples and neither baby r us nor target had any
 I had this pump with my first baby born 2 years ago . I thought that it would be a better deal than Avent and boy was I wrong . I got it home and cleaned it and started using it and it made my already sore breasts hurt even more -LRB- cracking and bleeding -RRB- and made my problems even worse . The first time I used it came apart during use . And the 5 times I used it after that too . I called customer service and the lady was extremely rude to me , interupting me while I was trying to explain my problem to her and all she did was explain how to put it back together . I took it to my lactation consultant and she said that she hates that brand/model and that she had 5 other mothers have the same complaints about it . The store I bought it from has since stopped stocking this model . Yeah it has a design similar to Avent but trust me there is a reason why this product only costs $ 20 its junk . The breast funnel is hard plastic and very uncomfortable might as well use a kitchen funnel , This time I went with a hospital grade pump Playtex Embrace and I love it
 My wife bought it 4 mo. ago or so but start useing it 5 weeks ago . At first she complained that its very inconvinient to use and dhe were never able do disasemble pump to clean it . Even for me it was almosi imposible to unscrew the blue ring , but pump was leaking from alover . Wo n't buy any TheFY product again .
 This pump worked reasonably well for the price , but it is impossible to feed directly from the bottles because they are a non-standard size and no nipples are provided . I thought when I bought this pump that the bottles were the same size as the wide mouth Avent bottles , but they 're not . I looked for nipples that would work with these bottles , but was unable to find any .
 We 've bought two of these for my wife . When they work , they work well . The problem is that it 's way too easy to break the seal inside the handle casing , which results in the handle popping out and acting broken . This happens regularly.FYI - how you fix it :1 -RRB- Twist the blue ring to separate the handle assembly from the bottle and funnel .2 -RRB- Turn the handle assembly upside down and find the small hole in the blue part3 -RRB- Rotate the blue part until the hole lines up exactly in the center of the handle3 -RRB- Separate the blue piece from the white and you can then see the clear silicon - you should also see that it no longer has a tight seal .4 -RRB- Remove , wash , replace and reassemble - solves the suction problem until it happens again -LRB- and it will happen again , often -RRB- .
 I bought this pump on vacation because I accidentally left my good electric pump -LRB- Medela -RRB- at home . I was terribly disapointed with this pump from the first moment I took it out of the bag . The directions were unclear on how to use it ... and the top popped off while I was attaching it to the catching cup . After this , the pump would n't suck properly . I finally threw it in the trash because it just never worked right . Save your money or invest it in a pump that works . I highly recommend Medela .
 Same problems as everyone else . I bought this as an `` easy '' way to pump . I originally bought an Ameda electric pump . I love it , but wound up not using it very often , as it has a lot of pieces to wash and put back together . As I got more and more used to breastfeeding , I just stopped pumping . Well , I 'm going to be out of the house a little more often and decided I should start pumping and storing and just wanted to do a little pumping at night before bed . I figured a manual pump would be a little easier to use than hooking up the electric pump . This pump is HORRIBLE . It fell apart , and I pumped and pumped and I got less than 1/2 ounce .
 I bought it more than a month ago . I use it once a day to make baby cereals , that 's why I chose the cheapest one . After using it twice , it started to leak around the pump handle -- the milk got sucked up into the top part , and the air leaked at the same time . Since it was so cheap , I was n't too surprised . After a week , the tab of the blue rim was torn , I ca n't take it out from the pump body unless I have to forcefully pull the valve which I 'm not supposed to do -- it 's difficult and it damages the valve . Also , it 's extremely hard to tighten the pump rim onto the pump body , same to taking it apart . If it is not tightened properly , the suction wo n't work -- well , it does n't work well anyway no matter how hard I try . I 've been struggling with this horrible thing for a month and I ca n't stand it anymore . Everyday it takes me an hour to one and a half hours just to get 4 oz of milk . Although I want to use it just once a day for just a couple of months maybe , I 'm gon na have to buy a new one . Please listen to my advice , do n't buy it unless you 're planning to use it for just a few times . Among all of the things I 've bought , this is what I regret buying most .
 I bought this pump when my son was born . It did not express enough milk and every time I used it , it would fall apart and leak throughout . With my next child , I will be spending money on a better product .
 I bought this manual pump after my first one broke , I only pump about once a day ... I should have known not to be cheap , but you get what you pay for . . The suction is good at first , but only if you can get all the parts lined up just right . I do n't know if I was doing it correctly , but the lid kept popping off as I pumped . . then when the parts get wet after you wash them , they do n't fit back together as well . It was VERY frustrating ... So I went out and bought a Medela pump and so far it 's great ... My advice is to spend the little extra money , otherwise you 'll be spending more in replacing the cheaper pumps that do n't work as well .
 This pump is uncomfortable , it does not keep suction well , and does not extract much milk . A friend recommended I get a manual pump for when I travel and this pump sounded good , I have and LOVE the electric version , but the manual is SO MUCH MORE TROUBLE than it 's worth . Another annoying point is that it does not fit the same bottles as the electric version so you have to pump into the special bottles and transfer it to whatever you use to feed or freeze . Do n't I have enough to clean with a new baby ?! It was SO frustrating I threw it away . NOT worth the $ 20.00 .
 I used it just a couple of times , and the suction just died , impossible to pump anything out . It was faster with just my hands !!! We did assemble , disassemble , clean all the parts , but could not get it to work again .
 I bought this pump just to use at work . I was n't going to use it that often , so I looked for a cheap inexpensive one . Well , that 's what I got was `` cheap '' . I had n't even used it for a month and now it hardly suctions and the handle has become loose . It says that there is a 90 day limited warranty , but from what everyone has said about their customer service , they are rude . Why go through all the hassle . I had thought about calling , but decided not to . I know that I wasted $ 20 and I got what I paid for . Another bad thing is about this product is that you ca n't feed from the jars that come with it . You end up having to transfer the milk to a bottle anyway if you 're going to feed instead of store that milk that day . I decided to get a Gerber Massaging Manual pump and it work a lot better and is more comfortable . Just like everyone else , I wished I had read the reviews before I bought this . It pays to spend a few more $ $ in order to get a better product . Cheap is not always better .
 It could n't even suck a small bug inside it ! To make matters worse the handle falls off easily also ... I absolutely got NO milk in the bottle ! If you have money to throw away go ahead and buy this ...
 I was breastfeeding my son when just a few days after birth the nurses gave him a bottle against my wishes . He never latched on again after that . I still wanted to feed him breast milk but naively thought I could buy just any pump . I did n't want to spend hundreds of dollars on a pump but I should have . This pump was terribly uncomfortable -LRB- I ca n't compare with other pumps because I never used any others -RRB- . I never had discomfort breastfeeding but this pump made me cringe every time I used it . The suction was poor and my milk supply actually decreased the longer I used this pump . If you 're going to pump , spend the money on a good one .
 I should have read the reviews before buying this pump . I needed something to relieve engorgment in the mornings and to make it easier for my baby to latch onto over full breasts , and this was cheap . What a mistake - the other reviewers are right . This was is a horribly designed pump . It works great the first time you use it , then it looses suction . We found out the a part inside is easily broken by just pushing down on the lever during normal use ! Once this part breaks it is virtually impossible for it to work properly . I bought the medela harmony for only 15 bucks more . It is a MUCH better pump . It has a great design , soft breast shields and two suction options -LRB- let down and normal -RRB- - and it 's still a manual pump ! Also , I like that if a part is lost or broken you can easily pick up replacements at babies r us - not that you need them . I 've used mine everyday since we bought it and it still works perfectly . Spend the extra 15 dollars and get the medela instead . The easy comfort one is a big fat waste .
 I already owned an evenflo electric pump , but was looking for a manual pump for on-the-go -LRB- for size and convenience -RRB- . After reading the reviews for the easy comfort I decided to purchase it . I am very disappointed . I can pump about 4 oz in 5 min with the elec. pump . When it does work , it takes about 5 min to pump 1-2 oz . The biggest problem is that the valve falls out into the breast milk most times while pumping resulting in no suction . At home it is an inconvenience , but on-th-go it 's unsanitary . I have to stick my fingers in the milk to pull out the valve . Once it is wet , it does n't seem to stay in . I am still trying to work with it , but it seems that it makes more sense to travel with the electric pump . Also note that it is not much smaller than the electric pump that I own already , so it 's not very compact .
 There are other hand pumps that give you much better value for your money . the Easy Comfort pump creates a very strong , almostconstant suction on your nipple , which is reallyuncomfortable when you 've tried other pumps like a manual Medelaor Ameda pump . There is no way to adjust suction as there is on other , better quality hand pumps . Women let down to different suction levels and it is awkward to not be able to adjust the suction level.The pump is also designed in such a way that it is very easy formilk to back flow into the pump mechanism if you tip it ATALL -LRB- in other words , you ca n't lean forward , which is important to be able to do for many pumper because it assists with let down -RRB- . When milk gets in the pump , it stops working completely . It may be fixable , I was n'table to get a hold of the company to find how to fix the problem -LRB- their directions just say , stop using the pump and call themanufacturer if any fluids get in the pump mechanism which leaves you without a working pump in the meantime -RRB- . I liked the feel of the pump in hand -- it is easy to usewith one hand , but in my opinion it is n't well designed interms of the pump mechanism .
 My baby likes to look at the objects but I think there are a few cons
 When i first got this i was really excited about it . my 3 month old baby loves it and so is my 2 yr old girl . one time I left my 3 month old on the crib , she was admiring the mobile . then my 2 yr old got a chair and reach out for the mobile she must have got curious at the blue button before the head of the mobile and press it . the head of the mobile immediately got ejected from the curved part of the toy and fell on the crib . thank god my 3 month old baby was not directly under the mobile .
 This was the only mobile I found under $ 25 but now I know why . I thought I could live with covering the speaker with scotch tape to tone down the very loud volume of cheesy lullabies , however the motor stopped spinning after a week . I like our Tiny Love mobile way better .
 Do not but this mobile . Ours stopped spinning after 4 weeks . The music is tinny and loud . There are much much better mobiles out there . SAVE YOUR MONEY .
 In the box , the Bright Starts Dream Along mobile looks great , but once assembled , the design leaves something to be desired . On the plus side , the shapes and colors are big , bold and made to be viewed by the baby in the crib -LRB- not the parent watching -RRB- . There 's a mirror on the base so baby can see her reflection . I give the designers credit for making the mobile arm removable so when baby is big enough to stand up and grab things , you can still use the base unit as a music box and mirror of sorts . Assembly was fairly straightforward , but the parts did not fit together easily . I had to use a lot of force to get the mobile arms to lock into the hub . Also , the base does not fit on cribs with rails wider than a couple of inches -LRB- like mine -RRB- . On the negative sign , the first thing is the song change `` switch '' -- a sliding duckling on the circumference of the mirror base . The switch does n't have a good feel to it -- you do n't know when you 've pulled far enough . In addition , the part wobbles a lot . It feels like it could be pulled off at any moment . The second annoyance is that there is no volume control and the mobile plays pretty loud . Loud enough to be annoying . Overall , I 'm disappointed . The dangling ornaments are really the only hits , but without a proper installation make it hard to use .
 The mobile is too heavy and it simply does not attach properly to the crib -LRB- it slides forward and since the construction is so cheap I have no confidence that it wo n't dettach and fall in the crib -RRB- . I was very happy to find such a cheap mobile to replace our old/broken one since I was only hoping to get 4-6 weeks of use before converting to a music box since my -LRB- preemie -RRB- baby is already 5mo old but still unable to get up on hands and knees .
 Bought the Dream Along Mobile a few months ago . My 3-month old is quite entertained by it when it actually works . The problem is that the `` ON '' feature is difficult to turn ON ! It is supposed to operate the unit for 15 min , but we have to jiggle and press the button randomly to make it work . When left in the ON position , the mobile has even turned on by itself when no one was there . It 's really a strange device . I suspect there is a faulty electrical connection inside that I ca n't get to and fix myself . Reviews found elsewhere indicate that people have had all sorts of weird problems with this mobile.On the positive side , the manufacturer was happy to send a free replacement -LRB- different model -RRB- . Have n't been able to test it yet but the reviews are fairly negative for that mobile , the Soothing Safari , as well.I would recommend buying a different brand altogether . Buyer beware.PROS : - Ability to run mobile with sound OFF.-Two volume levels on this model . - `` PLAY '' mode functions as expected -LRB- 1 song at a time -RRB- - Size-C batteries still good after 3 months.CONS : -15 minute playback is too difficult to activate-Turns on by itself randomly when in `` ON '' mode - potential to scare the baby ! - Plastic screw for attaching to crib scratches the finish - had to use cardboard to protect it
 We purchased this at Walmart , for a little more than this one cost . Right out of the box , the music did not work . The mobile part worked for a few seconds before it quit . We are returning and will not get another . This is cheaply made and I would not risk buying it since most likely you will just return it .
 Executive Summary
 The crib I have bought is the standard size . Another crib set I bought from other place fits well . But the bumper in this crib set is too short in each side and the ruffle ca n't be put on , either . I have to return it .
 VERY THIN MATERIALi THOUGH THIS WAS COMPARABLE TO LUVSVERY POOR QUALITYLAST TIME TO PURCHASE NOT PLEASED AT ALL
 I ordered three sets of the cups , thinking they were the version pictured . -LRB- the old version of the cups -RRB- When I received them they were the new version . I do not like the new playtex cups , the old ones are so much better . Amazon has great costumer service though . They returned them with NO problem !
 We received our order today and the cups were not the cups in the picture . These looked like completely different cups from the picture and we were disappointed to not open our order to find the cups our daughter loves .
 I will start of my saying that I LOVE the Playtex sippy cups and those are the only ones that my daughter uses . I am only giving these 2 stars however because they are the cheapest looking sippy cups that I have ever seen from Playtex . The sippy cup itself does what it is supposed to do but I bought these because they were girly and said Disney Princess ... The Disney Princesses have almost all washed or scrapped off . Even before that started to happen , the Princesses are nasty . It looks like the image was just slapped on the cup without worrying about the placement of the sticker . The Princesses are printed on the outside sleeve of the sippy cup instead of the inside where perhaps the images would have more protection ... I am still using these cups but only in our house .
 The crib I have bought is the standard size . Another crib set I bought from other place fits well . But the bumper in this crib set is too short in each side and the ruffle ca n't be put on , either . I have to return it .
 The crib I have bought is the standard size . Another crib set I bought from other place fits well . But the bumper in this crib set is too short in each side and the ruffle ca n't be put on , either . I have to return it .
 The crib I have bought is the standard size . Another crib set I bought from other place fits well . But the bumper in this crib set is too short in each side and the ruffle ca n't be put on , either . I have to return it .
 The crib I have bought is the standard size . Another crib set I bought from other place fits well . But the bumper in this crib set is too short in each side and the ruffle ca n't be put on , either . I have to return it .
 I thought this would be perfect , as our daughter was having lots of tummy aches and was obviously uncomfortable . I could n't get it to stay on her . She 's very active , so this might not be a problem for less active babies . Overall , it did n't do what we hoped .
 We 've tried this a number of times and we just do n't think it works -LRB- for our baby -RRB- . Of course , it 's hard to know what 's * really * causing a baby to cry frequently , so I was skeptical that it would work to begin with . But one * should * buy this with a healthy dose of skepticism . Of course , if you 've got a baby that cries a lot , it 's probably worth trying anything and everything .
 This product is ok . The herbs smell good but I did n't see a difference in behavior . I was able to use the outside as an ice pack for me later .
 I did n't see this work for my son . He had a lot of gas pains when he was first born and nothing really seemed to help him . I did n't really see any change in him when he wore it . In fact it often times made him pretty angry.It did have a funky smell but it was n't terribly offensive . The minky material is soft and it was well made . I just wish that it would have worked .
 I was hopeful this product would work wonders and I 'd have a happy baby in my arms in no time . Well , it did n't . It 's easy to use - just microwave the little pouch and put it inside the belt , put the belt on the baby . Easy , right ? Well , the belt is bulky and looks like it could be uncomfortable ... and my baby just screamed louder when we got near her with it . In fact , when we took it away we had better luck with her calming down . I got rid of it since it did n't work .
 Good in theory , but it did absolutely nothing for my son and the velcro does not stick very well , so it had to be held on . A waste of my $ 20 !! Would not recommend unless you simply want a heating pad for other reasons .
 I was really excited whne I received this product . I wanted not only to help my infant but myself as well . I was dissapointed in it 's performance for a number of reasons . My baby still cried for hours on end . She hated the belt being around her tummy and would stiffen up . The product needs a warning label for certain microwave temps . It does tell you to check the product before putting it on baby , however the `` seeds '' in the scented pouch get warmer the longer you hold them against your skin , by then you 've already attached it to your child . My infant had little red marks on her tummy for a few hours after I 'd tried it ! I think this is dangerous especially for new mom 's like myself . Do your self a favor , spend the fifty buck and buy a lullaband , or some collic tablets or gripe water !
 This waistband caused a second degree burn on my 4 month old.With a blister larger than a quarter . We followed direections precisely and had used it successfully 4 previous times . This product is extremely dangerous and needs to be pulled from the market and that will be my goal !! PLEASE do not buy this product or give as a gift . I am also a very experienced mother of 4 and NICU nurse . I repeat this product is very dangerous !!!!!
 This item smells nice , but only aggravated my infant more . It is a good concept , but if colic is gas then I would n't want something warm on my belly either .
 Todas estamos desesperadas cuando no sabemos porque no paran de llorar nuestros bebes . Pero tengan paciencia !!! una semana y se les pasaran los c&oacute;licos . Esto no lo necesitamos !!
 Our little girl has the worst gas pains , but this waistband did n't help at all . I was also worried at how hot it got -LRB- following the instructions -RRB- , so we would n't heat it for as long as it said . For gas , I recommend Hyland 's Colic Tablets over anything else -LRB- and we 've tried everything-having 2 gassy , gassy babies ! -RRB- . They instantly soothe her stomach so she can sleep , and they 're a natural , homeopathic remedy .
 My infant daughter was a little gassy so we tried this . She did n't like sleeping with it around her waist so I returned it . I tried gripe water after that and it helped .
 It 's very soft . The lavender smell is very nice . It did not provide relief for my baby though .
 I really have no idea why I purchased this product . I think it sounded like a good idea , and my newborn had such gas and GI issues that I was pretty desperate . But I think a hot water bottle or a warm towel could have done the same thing .
 This was too big for our baby , would fit a toddler better or a chunky 9 + month old . Not sure if it works as it was just too big when we needed it .
 The crib I have bought is the standard size . Another crib set I bought from other place fits well . But the bumper in this crib set is too short in each side and the ruffle ca n't be put on , either . I have to return it .
 The crib I have bought is the standard size . Another crib set I bought from other place fits well . But the bumper in this crib set is too short in each side and the ruffle ca n't be put on , either . I have to return it .
 I purchased this Princess Vanity Table with Chair set AND the Princess Table and Chair set for my two year old grand-daughter . She loved them and was so very excited about them ; however , less than two weeks later , all three of the chairs broke . The chairs are for the most part made of wood and are very cute , but the back rests on the chairs are only made of cardboard , so they actually broke in half . We tried to repair them , but once cardboard is torn , that 's it . So until they make the chair backs out of wood as they have the other parts of the chairs , I would n't purchase any of these sets with chairs . Very sad .
 Liked the smaller taggies at Target better . This was not a great material . Felt kind of cheap . Our daughter did n't even like it .
 I BOUGHT THIS ITEM B/C BABIES DO LOVE THE TAGS ON THINGS BUT THIS EVENING MY 4 MONTH OLD ALMOST SUFFOCATED BECAUSE OF IT ! I LOOKED OVER TO HER SITTING ON THE HER BOUNCY SEAT TO FIND THE 12 X 12 BLANKET COMPLETELY OVER HER FACE AND HEARD HER GASPING FOR AIR ! I RUSHED OVER TO HER AND THANK GOD SHE WAS AND IS OK ! I JUST WENT ON THE TAGGIES WEBSITE TO FIND THE BLANKET IS RECOMMENDED FOR ALL AGES AND IS APPROVED BY JMPA , TIA AND ICPHSO . I AM SURE MY BABY IS NOT THE FIRST TO HAVE THIS HAPPEN AND I WOULD THINK TWICE ABOUT BUYING THIS ITEM FOR A BABY DESPITE IT BEING RECOMMENDED FOR ALL AGES . THIS ALSO GOES TO SHOW THAT EVEN THOUGH AN ITEM IS APPROVED BY VARIOUS SAFETY ORGANIZATIONS , THAT MAY NOT MEAN THE ITEM IS IN FACT SAFE .
 I ordered from amazon specifically because of the advertised pacifiers blue baseball and red , and received one of their other styles instead , green with a pink star , and a solid pink one . I 'm having a boy so I 'm returning these very feminine ones . This is a common problem for Amazon with products that come in different styles , they do n't allow style selection or you may not know the vendor has the product in other styles .
 THE PICTURE SHOWS A BLUE AND RED , NEVER SAYS IT WILL BE PINK AND PURPLE , MY SON LOVES THESE AND THEY ARE VERY HARD TO FIND , AND WHAT DO I GET IN THE MAIL . . THE GIRL COLORS ...
 I bought this for my daughter because she LOVES Dora , but our tub unit is slightly textured and none of the suction cups will stick ! It floats up when you fill the tub which defeats the purpose of a non-slip mat !
 I bought this mobile thinking it would bo so cute and I was wrong . The canopy top piece of the mobile was fine , but the boats hanging from it looked terrible . The boats looked like oval balls and the stiching also looked of poor quality .
 I bought this item as `` new '' and received it as USED . The plastic is filthy , dirty with scratches , dings , dents , and stains . This was supposed to go in my babies nursery along with all of the other bumblebee products I had bought , but I would n't put this near a flea infested dog !!! I am disgusted . I sent the product back for a replacement , and you would never believe that they sent another used product !!!!!!!!!!!! I am dumbfounded to say the least . The only offer Amazon is willing to make me is to keep it and give me $ 8.00 off the purchase price -- are you kidding me ???? KEEP IT ???? Or just send it back for a refund and have no mobile to match my babies room . No one can seem to give me any answers as to why used products are being sent out , but I want and deserve to know as a customer why this is happening . I AM TICKED to say the least .
 The mobile looks nice in my baby 's room but it does n't spin like it should . It seems like the mobile part is too wide and gets in the way of the base and is n't able to spin .
 This was very cute but it does n't fit all cribs . Sadly went I received it the clamp is too small for the crib . = -LRB-
 I was very disappointed with this item , especially for it costing almost $ 50 -LRB- with tax and shipping -RRB- . It barely plays music , before it shuts off ... and the music itself was not very loud . Sounds like a music box on it 's last leg . We were not able to install it on the crib as the instructions stated and we had to `` rig '' it to make it stay . Not worth the money and I would not reccommend .
 OK SO IT DOES NOT FIT ON MY CRIB . AS A MATTER OF FACT I DONT THINK IT WOULD FIT ON ANY WOOD CRIB . WOULD PROBABLY ONLY FIT ON ONE OF THOSE CHEAP METAL CRIBS . TRID TO RETURN ITEM BUT PAID ALMOST AS MUCH FOR THE ORIGINAL SHIPPING AS I DID THE MOBILE AND THEN WAS TOLD I WOULD HAVE TO PAY TO SHIP IT BACK SO I KEPT IT OUT OF SPITE . BY THE TIME THEY REFUNDED ME THE 14.99 FOR THE MOBILE I WOULD HAVE PAID 30 DOLLARS IN SHIPPING . NOT HAPPY !!!!
 This product is over-priced , shoddy quality , and if you do n't like it you ca n't get a full refund . I was disappointed with the cheap plastic skeleton , the music box that twangs awkwardly and only lasts a couple minutes , and the fabric that does nothing for my baby except match her bedding . Now that I want to return it I learn that they wo n't refund the $ 14 shipping & handling that I originally paid , AND I AM SUPPOSED TO PAY FOR IT TO GET SHIPPED BACK TO THEM . So now I am still out $ 14 of the $ 50 I paid for this thing , I have to pay to send it back to them , and I still do n't have a mobile for my baby 's crib . What a racket!I am SO sorry I bought this thing and now I 'm out $ 20 , the lost time of dealing with all this , and nothing to show for it .
 This might be a great product except for the small fact that I ca n't use it at all because it will not attach to the crib .
 I read the reviews of others having problems with the seller and figured it 's a small problem . Apparently it 's not . We received the mobile with 2 missing parts and 1 WRONG part -LRB- the image in the diagram is different -RRB- . Tried to return , and not only do you pay for the return shipping , but they also charge a 20 % restocking fee . The math looks like this - $ 39.99 + $ 14 -LRB- s/h -RRB- = $ 54 + $ 10 -LRB- return s/h -RRB- - $ 32 -LRB- refund -RRB- = $ 32 . So to return this item still costs you $ 32 ! To top it all off , the quality of the mobile is questionable.Do yourself a favor , stay away from JoJo products and stay away from Beyond Bedding . Amazon should investigate the seller seeing as how this issue appears to be widespread .
 This is the worst item I have ever purchased on Amazon the music box wasnt powerful enough to turn the mobile ! I called to ask for a new one or exchange but they wanted me to pay the shipping back for what I call a defective item . The arm of the mobile is barely long/deep enough for it to spin when I switched out the music box for one that I have had for over 10 years and had been passed down through 4 other kids . The only good thing is that is matched the bedding and that is it !! DO NOT BUY THIS !! I didnt even want to give it one star as it didnt even deserve that !!
 I ca n't believe that they would send me only PART of the mobile . There 's nothing but the cloth ! Nothing to hang these items on ! THIS is a mobile ? I 'm disgusted with Amazon .
 I received the mobile and it looked used . The white plastic was all scratched up and dirty . I tried to clean it up , but nothing worked . We were disappointed and decided not to put it in the baby 's room .
 The product arrived in a box with the pieces just thrown in it.All of the pieces were not in the box and one of the main pieces that were in there were broken . I am returning this right away . I bought the vintage pink toile nursery set and was satisfied with that but this product is very cheap . It is made out of plastic and the pieces were all dirty and dusty .
 I bought this for my newborn a few months ago . I do n't like that the outer layer and inner layer are not attached to each other except at the edges . This makes drying a wriggly baby a bit more difficult because you move one layer and the other does n't move with it . I 've settled on the one layer thin hooded towels -LRB- BabiesRUs/Target varieties -RRB- . The thin towels make it easier to dry in all those little creases .
 We had to buy a new pack n play because our other one was coming apart . I chose this one because of its features and colors . My daughter hated this and screamed every time we put her in it . We tried for days to get her to use this , but she never would . So , we returned this and got a different that she absolutely loves .
 The play gym cross bar `` baby Einstein '' attachment on this product collapsed on my 3 month old ! I had used it before with no problems and thought I was careful in putting it up but the clips keeping it on must have come undone and it collapsed on her . She was not hurt , but could have been if the heaviest part had falled on her . I actually like the regular pack and play part of this very much -- easy to put up , relatively light , nice primary colors -- and will continue to use that but I will not use the `` baby Einsten '' attachment anymore .
 We bought this playpen for our then 4-5 months old son , but did n't find it of much use , for he hated to be put inside the playpen . Everytime we put him in , he would just cry , so it ended being our toy storage box.The music it plays is kind of short & quiet , has never caught any of his attention . For $ 119 , I wish we had n't wasted our money on that .
 Seriously , this monkey is precious ! When I first saw him I thought &#34; I want one for my daughter ! &#34; After hearing the monkey go through two cycles I wanted to shoot it ! It is annoying !!!!! Cute in theory but in practice not practical . Do n't push your child to potty train - let them do it when they are ready !! You will avoid regressions and other issues in the future . If you buy this monkey you may run over it in your driveway !
 The monkey is an amazing concept and I love how it said it needed to go potty on a timer . I wanted to like this product and hope it would help me with potty training my just turned 3 year old twins boys . The back of the monkey is poorly constructed to here it is simply lightweight velcro and my boys ripped that open and ripped out the batteries and wires along with it . They did this the first day . I am surprised that this is n't constructed to keep the toddlers away from the wires and batteries . I am sending mine back .
 The monkey did not work for us . The timer does not work . And now the monkey announces he needs to go whenever ... it is like having another kid - trying to find his little potty so he wo n't keep announcing he has to go . I would not recommend this product .
 I thought this would be great to get my almost 3 year old to start using the potty . but after 1 day it woulnt shut up . and even thru the night it kept talking . No where in the directions does it say how to turn off . so finally i had to take batteries out . returned the item for a refund . how dissapointing .
 My son loves how this monkey talks , and loves to flush the toilet -LRB- great sound -RRB- . But who in the world designed this monkey WITH A TAIL ?!? It 's nearly impossible to get either the diaper or underpants on or off , even for me , since you have to work the long tail through an extra tiny hole . The tail also gets in the way so the monkey ca n't balance on the toilet very well -- he usually falls off . So instead , we use some of his other toys on the toilet instead . The adult 's book that came with the set is very useful , the children 's book so-so .
 These are the first swim diapers I 've ever purchased , mostly because they 're required at public pools . I did n't realize they DO NOT hold urine , which seems unsanitary . My son leaks right down his legs every time . They do effectively hold a bowel movement , but if your child were to have a loose bowel movement , I 'm sure that would leak as well . I 'll be looking into reusable waterproof diapers .
 The crib I have bought is the standard size . Another crib set I bought from other place fits well . But the bumper in this crib set is too short in each side and the ruffle ca n't be put on , either . I have to return it .
 This is the most moronic thing I have ever been pressured into buying . New moms will buy almost anything to keep their baby safe , and this is the perfect example . I wish I 'd just cut out a big piece of cardboard to fit the crib size and put that under the mattress . There is truthfully ZERO reason to spend more than $ 2.00 on a piece of wood . I mean ... seriously . I blame myself , really . But I warn all of you ... this is an absurd purchase .
 I spoke with Natalie Laffe from Angelcare moments ago -LRB- they are in Canada -RRB- . It turns out this product is made by a former partner of theirs called `` Bebesounds '' which was actually sold to `` Graco . '' And Angelcare was not happy with Graco 's business . Their business relationship no longer exists . All of these boards are unsold inventory from Graco . They are no longer manufactured . Even Natalie from Angelcare said this board is overpriced and that all you need is a board that is bigger than the sensor to keep the sensor from being bent or damaged by slats or springs . And get this , she said it does n't have to be made of Masonite ! She said that wood would work fine . If you want to know if any product is made by , affiliated with , or endorsed by Angelcare , you need only to look at the Angelcare website and click on `` products . '' If it 's not there , then they do n't make it . Hope this helps !
 This was nothing but a cheap piece of masonite board that you can have cut for about $ 5.00 at any hardware store . It cost me a total of $ 23.00 after shipping for this product . It does n't even look like the picture . It is n't black with Angelcare written on it . It is literally a normal , brown piece of board . It 's blatant false advertizing . I feel sick , not to mention a total idiot for thinking I would actually need this particular board to go with my monitor . If you have the Angelcare Movement Sensor monitor and do n't have a flat bottomed crib then all you need is any old piece of wood or thick cardboard . Do not buy this . It is a disgrace !
 I thought I needed this particular board for my BebeSounds Angelcare baby monitor . It cost me $ 28 for a flimsy board that does n't look anything like the picture . It 's plain brown , nothing special about it . Not to mention the shipping charge was outrageous !! There 's no way that the package weighs 16 lbs . . it does n't even weigh 4 . I do n't know how anyone could get away with charging that much money for this product . I wish I had gone to a hardwear store !!
 The price for this piece of Masonite is ridiculous . Go to Home Depot and get a piece of 1/4 '' plywood or a piece of Masonite for 10x less . The Angelcare monitor , however , is totally worth it -- five stars !
 Looks nothing like the advertised picture . Go to your local Lowe 's or Home Depot and get this cut way cheaper .
 I bought this and paid $ 30 to have it shipped to HI . I was a super paranoid first time mom and wanted to use their board to make sure the monitor worked . Not worth it.Later we bought a second Angelcare and went to Home Depot for the board . They had the identical board and cut it to size for free . The original board was big enough to cut two from . So basically I got two boards for a fraction of the price of this one .
 This board is small . I mistakenly though it would cover at least part of my son 's bassinet , but it does n't even reach from side to side , much less the length of it . I should have listened to other reviewers and went to home depot and had them cut me a small board .
 When I received this item it looked nothing like the picture ! It does n't have the brand name on it or anything . It is just a board that I could have bought at my local hardware store . This is false advertising !!!!
 Picture does not reflect the real appearance of this prodict - you 'll just get a piece of wood that is not even coated ! Estimated manufacturing cost below 1 USD - do n't by this - I will return it today .
 This board is nothing like the picture . It is just a plain piece of brown board . Yes you could get this for a lot cheaper at the hardware store , but I did n't want to deal with that . So I ordered it our of convience , but this is false advertisement and I do not like or agree with that .
 This diaper bag brand advertises itself as being focused on functionality for modern parents as if no other diaper bag company does that . I disagree their bag is all that functional . The straps are way too long . If you carry it in your hand not on your shoulder it touches the ground . And I 'm tall . The rubbery straps on the stroller clips were a great idea because they grip to the stroller frame but one rubber strap snapped and broke already after light use for only 4 months . The bag is tall but not wide at the bottom so I ca n't fit as much as I 'd like in it . All in all I 'm glad I got this as a gift instead of purchasing it myself . I would n't recommend it to others . I 'm now going to purchase the Skip Hop Studio bag for its larger size .
 The crib I have bought is the standard size . Another crib set I bought from other place fits well . But the bumper in this crib set is too short in each side and the ruffle ca n't be put on , either . I have to return it .
 The rails work great , but they do not come with the rails to hold the mattress up . You need to have the rails to hold the mattress up because this bed does not require of fit a boxspring . My dad had to make these rails to hold the mattress up out of wood . Works great now , but make sure you have these rails handy when converting to the full size bed !
 These rails do not work on the DaVinci crib that I have and I ca n't figure out what to do next .
 This was a baby shower gift , the parents have not had the opportunity to use this item . I would recommend the item once the parents use it .
 Maybe it 's because my crib is older ? Anyway , we bought the crib in 2007 when my first was born . Finally bought the conversion kit in 2010 when we had our second . We did n't want to not have them in case the style was discontinued even though we knew we would n't need to convert for a few years . Tonight , I finally began switching out beds . .2 y/o gets toddler bed , 5 y/o gets crib converted to full sized bed ... and the bolts are an inch too short ! Hopefully , I can get the same diameter bolt in an inch longer at Lowe 's tomorrow . If not , the conversion kit will be useless to me !
 The rails work with my existing bed , the problem is they do n't tell you that you have to have additional cross boards to support the mattress . In addition , once you place the cross boards on the rails , the mattress no longer is held in place , so I had to lower the supports on the rails to keep the mattress from sliding off the bed . Its a poor design . A lot of work had to be done to make these functional rails .
 Is it really too much to ask for the company to include the horizontal slats?I read the reviews , but somehow did n't understand why people were talking about the box spring . The answer is
 The crib I have bought is the standard size . Another crib set I bought from other place fits well . But the bumper in this crib set is too short in each side and the ruffle ca n't be put on , either . I have to return it .
 I liked this tub at first . The size was nice , and the sling was comfortable and good support for my preemie newborn . After about a month of use , though , there was a horrible odor emitting from the mesh sling . This was after `` squeezing '' it out as best I could and propping it up to dry after every use . The sling is not machine washable and therefore unusable after it gets ruined by mold.I stopped using the sprayer after the first couple days . It was just too much of a pain to fill it up everytime , especially since it does n't even spray well . The other reviewers are correct in saying that the button on the sprayer is difficult to press . Especially when your hands are wet and slippery.It 's a good thing BRU will take back anything ! I am off to return it and purchase the old faithful cheapie tub .
 I thought this product would be good , but the whirlpool and shower spray is not what I expected . The buttons do n't work well , so you have to push hard on it . Also , the whirlpool and the shower spray do not work at the same time . I guess I expected too much from this product . The tub and baby sling is great , but not worth $ 40 . I think the company should sell the tub and baby sling seperately .
 I registered for this tub wanting it very bad for my newborn . I thought what a great idea for fussy babies to have a spa and not to mention the shower rinse . Well , the first time I used this it took more time to set it up than I did using it . Also , the button on the shower head IS hard to press , and the sprayer needs to remain upside down or it will leak water allover your bathroom -LRB- found that out the hard way -RRB- . When you use the spa bubbles it makes the water cold very quick . My daughter does love the spa effect , but I think she prefers warm water throughout her bath . The one thing that has really annoyed me is the baby sling has a moldy smell to it . I have washed and dried it many times and can not get this smell out . Needless to say I had to purchase another insert for the tub , which does n't fit very well , so Im a bit irritated . Overall this is a good idea , it needs some kinks worked out of it ... Just not worth $ 40 . So now Im off to target to purchase a new tub : - -LRB-
 Length :
 I put this on my registry because it seemed so comfy and claimes it is made for ages newborn on up . WRONG ! I put my son in it and I nearly had to hold him down to the sling for dear life while I washed him . This might be good for older babies but deff not newborns .
 I am beginning to think that all Summer Products are poorly made -LRB- beware of their Heart to Heart Prenatal Listening system too -RRB- . The shower function worked twice and now it does not work . The whirlpool still cuts on but does n't provide much water movement.There is definitely a design issue with the shower/spa unit . First , you have to turn the spa off to use the shower and the button is hard to push . Second , the unit is located directly at the baby 's feet . When you turn it on your baby will probably jump because of the blast of water on his/her feet . Hopefully your child will not cry and be afraid of baths after that unpleasant experience .
 I thought that this bathtub would be the best thing , because of the shower and spa feature . But the shower is so hard to use , it 's so hard to push the button and hold the shower head at the same time . You also have to worry about your baby falling off or sliding down off the sling , beacause it 's just not positiioned right , it sits too high up , and she just looks uncomfortable on it . You also have to worry about your baby hurting their toes on the shower and spa unit . It was n't worth $ 40 , the sling , and the spa and shower unit is n't useful or helpfula t all .
 In theory this sounds awesome , but in reality is comes really close to being useless .1 -RRB- The `` spa '' is nothing more than a light flow of water which is n't even enough to create bubbles , it comes out of the corner of the pump unit so hardly any of the stream will reach your baby2 -RRB- The shower head has a button that is nearly impossible to keep pressed in for longer than 10 seconds , the flow of water is very weak so is not powerful enough to rinse out hair . A cup does a better job than this .3 -RRB- The tub itself is pretty decent , the plateau used to lay your baby on seems nice and comfy and the temperature indicator is a nice bonus.All in all I wish we had saved our money and just gone with a normal tub , I advise anyone else to do the same .
 I bought this tub because I was really excited about the rinse/spa sprayer . But it really is a terrible product . The cover on the incline is impossible to get off and clean , it 's ridiculous . And the sprayer got water in the battery case and it stopped working . We never took the top off once we put the batteries in ; water just worked down into it and ruined it . The sprayer hose is so hard to uncoil you ca n't use the sprayer and hold onto your baby at the same time.I would never buy this product again . Just go with a basic tub you 'll be happier .
 We got this as a gift and used it twice to bathe our baby boy after bringing him home from the hospital . We were excited to use it but when we turned on the so-called `` whirlpool '' we were very disappointed . It barely moves any water , and does so only on one side because the jet is aimed to the left . We had put fresh new alkaline Duracell brand batteries , so battery level was definitely not an issue.Then we tried the shower head , which was very difficult to press and activate . Having to press the button so hard and all the while maneuver the baby is a tedious and difficult task.All that being said and done , we used the bath twice and then it stopped working entirely for the third bath . I opened it all up and discovered that lots of water had leaked into the battery compartment and the solder joint for one of the battery connections had rusted off from water damage . I re-soldered it and got the unit up and running again . A few days later and now the whirlpool does n't work . Opened it up and what do you know ? Another water damaged solder joint.What kind of company designs such a poor product meant to be used in water but which is n't waterproof enough to protect the electrical connections ? There is so much water leaking into the battery compartment that my Duracell batteries are rusting away and will likely explode as shown in one of the other reviews.Avoid this and any Summer products ! Save your money !
 When I saw this tub , I thought WoW this is great . It had everything.Well after receiving the tub as a gift for my shower I decided to try it before the baby came . I am so glad that I did . The pump for the spa and shower was super loud and had a leak . The shower was very difficult to operate , I had to press really hard.The only thing that I loved about the tub was the sling . It is very nice . I think when it comes to buying a tub for a baby simple is better ... in the beginning speed is key , the baby gets to cold to really enjoy the features of this tub . In my opinion get a simple tub and splurge on something else .
 We do n't have our baby yet - but have tried the tub to see if it works . The first one we bought did not work at all so we exchanged it . this second one the spa works but the shower does n't . The company is sending me a new motor saying that is must be the motor . Will try it again with the new motor of if the third one does n't work we will return it and get a different tub - and probably something else for that money .
 I think the concept is great and all , but the pad that it comes with is hard to clean -LRB- maybe I 'm doing it wrong -RRB- - it 's not that easy to pull off of the frame and then since there are foam beads inside , I would n't think that it 's safe to put through the washer ? Let me know if anyone 's found an easier way . Also , the tub pretty big , although my big boy is actually filling it . I guess I was hoping for something that will sit on my counter . The one I had for my eldest was more simple in design but also convenient since it was smaller . The shower is a little hard to push - I mean it 's not super-tough to push but when your hands are slippery and you 're trying to be really careful , it takes a little bit of force to push that button . I think that once this is developed a bit better , it will eventually be a really good product . I like the idea of having more control than just pouring water over the kids ' heads .
 Seriously this is the worst bath tub ever !! I got this from my baby registry and I do n't know what was on my mind the moment I decided I wanted this for my daughter . Oh well , maybe I was too tempted by the `` Spa '' thing . This tub is a real pain ! First of all , the little newborn pad is way too flat , it should be more ergonomic . I had a small baby -LRB- 5 lbs -RRB- and it was a pain to bathe her cause she 'd just slide off that thing but oh well i thought it was a weight and size matter but when my daughter got bigger -LRB- but not big enough to sit on her own -RRB- she still hated that thing with a passion and bath time was hell for both me and my husband . Then one day I decided to try the Spa thing already but oh Lord why did I do that ?! The buttons are soooo hard to push my middle finger ended up with a blister after the first try . A nightmare !!! Finally I decided to give the tub away and ended up with the Sure Comfort Deluxe tub from the First Years for half the price this one costs and bath time wasnt a pain anymore . So my advice , DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS !!!! I gave it 2 stars just because the size of the tub is pretty convenient for me . Big enough .
 I have purchased for my 4-month-old daughter and it is hard to press down the spray -LRB- uncomfortable to use it , so I do not use it and the spray hose just bothers me -RRB- . I rather use the small bowel to pour water on my baby 's skin -RRB- . Also , the edge of bath sling is metal , so it hurts my baby 's thigh and makes a red mark on it . -LRB- It would be really nice if that part is made of a soft material -RRB- . I think the motor sound makes too much noise and makes my baby little scare for her age .
 I dont know why I did not , I always read reviews but I was SO OBSESSED with my son having everything in either precious planet and i mean everything in his nursery I bought out the entire line . literally . Except for his rain forest tub and rain forest jumperoo . I love fisher price they make quality stuff or so i thought . Until he reached almost 4 months . His back digs intot he plastic piece in the middle and when i release the bottom part of them hammock he slips into water . Holding him up his whole back in ridiculous and should be unnecessary seeing as how this bath is a pretty penny . If I wanted to holding him up the entire time I would have bought a bucket . PLEASE DONT BUY THIS , it wont last . Only two stars because its such a cute tub
 This did not fit our kitchen sink as I had planned . Our sink is not a double sink but more like one and a half , so I guess it is irregular sized or something , but I was VERY disapointed at having to use this tub in our dining area rather than over the sink . : -LRB- It also was quite hard to figure out how to adjust the net to get baby to submerge in the water at all . After many unsuccessful baths with baby screaming like a banshee from being suspended above the water and cold . We could not lower the sling to allow baby to hang because the small `` shelf '' in the tub was right in her back . I finally tried placing the sling in the tub backwards from what is shown in the picture so that she was able to set her bum on the shelf like a toddler would do , but still supported by the sling . She got to be in the warm water and actually calmed down and relaxed ! Success ! : -RRB- I have ordered a new bath to try in the sink with her fancy spray hose attachment for the faucet . I also really like the `` Tummy Tub '' I might end up trying one of those !
 I hated this tub , and returned it after attempting to use it twice . The newborn sling has no support , and kept my baby completely out of the water and he got freezing cold . I tried it without the sling , and the `` infant '' seat part also keeps your baby completely above the water , with just their butt covered . I also found that no matter how tightly I tried to screw on the `` legs '' that you have to attach , they were still loose and wobbly .
 The day after bathing our son , I noticed an odor coming from the foam in the headrest . No matter what I do , short of drying the headrest in the dryer after every bath , the odor comes back . The foam sours and fills the entire bathroom with the odor . Also , there is a `` neck rest '' molded in the plastic for the 2nd stage of bathing . It is awkwardly placed and does n't raise the head out of the water enough . Last , the tub does not drain unless you have the feet propped up on something . The opening is closed by the big bath tub . Not a great buy .
 I used this tub for the first 6 months of my son 's life , and I never really liked it . It was OK when he was a little baby and could fit in the sling part , but the pillow would get very cold very fast , and keeping him warm while trying to bathe him at the same time was a challenge.When I took the sling out , the tub became a HUGE pain-in-the-butt . The seat area was almost too small for him , so he was always uncomfortable . Plus , he was n't yet sitting up on his own , but laying back would make the tub tip backwards ... even with water in it . What aggravated me the most though , was just how hard it was to get ALL the soap off his body . The water in the tub becomes soapy as you rinse him off , so unless you have a detachable shower head -LRB- which I do not -RRB- then there 's soap on him when you pull him out.I only used this tub maybe twice after removing the sling . At about 6 1/2 months , I ditched it and bought a bath chair ... MUCH better ! Overall , this was just OK as an infant tub , but no good for bigger babies . I do not recommend .
 I have used this tub for my two kids and have never been happy with it . When using the hammock their back would lay right on that hump and it would leave a huge red mark on their back , I do n't know how they put up with it . And only their little tushes were in the water , leaving me to constantly try to keep the rest of their body warm . The pillow also would get very cold . Without the hammock they keep slipping off that seat and ca n't seem to get comfortable at all . Then , we they are old enough to sit well , the dang seat is too small . At every stage , this tub has been a disappointment . We picked it because it was the fancier of the tubs , but honestly the 10 dollar Safety First tub has a better design and you can just buy your own toys .
 I ca n't adequately express how much I hate this stupid , space-taking tub !!!! I agree with everything the other critical reviews of this product said . We bought it because it was cute and it looked like it would work well . The bump in the middle is an idiotic design flaw . If the manufacturers had tested the tub out with an actual baby in actual water , they would see how useless and scary it is . The bump makes it impossible to lay the baby down full length . The sling does not lift the baby off of the bump , but it does hold the baby almost completely out of the water -LRB- what 's the benefit of that ? -RRB- . The inclined end does allow the baby to recline ... if you hold the baby at all times to make sure their -LSB- ... -RSB- does n't slip down past the bump . If it does , the baby could bump their little head . My major complaint is that the inclined section is too shallow , and that the deep part of the tub is too short . If you use the inclined part , you end up with a wet baby that is sitting out of the water getting cold . I think the `` giant sponge '' - type bath products -LRB- Safety 1st Comfy Bath Cushion -RRB- are best for newborns and then something like the Summer Infant Newborn-To-Toddler Fold Away Baby Bath or Munchkin White Hot Inflatable Duck Tub would be much better .
 Tub was not great or even all that good . A little bit of water and the material was cool very quickly . Thought my daughter was going to catch a cold .
 This tub would be awesome if that hump was not there , I lay my baby in the sling part and her back lays directly on the hump in the tub . It has to hurt . I would much have prefered the 12 dollar cheapo tubs to this .
 This tub is very disappointing . Let me tell you why :1 -RRB- The newborn stage hammock is very badly designed and really has very little support . You have to tighten the straps very tight because if you do n't , the baby is supported by the tall piece in the middle separating the two halves of the tub . The folks at fisher price were kind enough to mold this with an indentation for the baby 's body , but honestly , would YOU like to be held up by a single beam placed horizontally across your back ?? I tried to pad it with a couple of washcloths after it caused a bruise -LRB- and my son was not terribly wriggly when he was a newborn -RRB- , but that did little to abate the problem . When you do tighten the hammock straps so as to alleviate the pressure from the evil plastic piece , the baby is literally out of the water , plus the hammock itself leaves no room to dunk a cup or scoop in to ladle water over the baby . What an unpleasant experience ! 2 -RRB- The second stage -LRB- reclining end -RRB- keeps most of your baby 's body , again , out of the water even when filled as much as you can get it . See those pictures on the box ? They must be edited , because the actual tub is nowhere near that deep ! -LRB- the bubbles do look kind of fake -RRB- My baby is also long , so his head hits the rim of the bath and did so from day 1 . This made it hard to actually wash him without getting water everywhere . I had to resort to padding this with washcloths , which were necessary in any case because the plastic is too slippery to support a baby .3 -RRB- Third stage for TODDLERS ? It would be nicer if you had somewhere to dunk your cup/hand so that you can rinse the baby . I 'm not having a huge problem with this part right now except for that divider again . It cuts the tub size down for the third stage quite a bit , and is entirely too small if your baby likes to move around at all . My baby is 4 months old and this end barely works for us . I honestly ca n't imagine the third stage working for ANY toddler and am currently shopping around for a new tub.Some things to consider after reading my review
 I bought this for my 2nd child simply b/c it was the most expensive ... so it had to be the best ... right ??? ... WRONG ! The cheap basic one I had for my 1st child was much better ! This one makes the baby sit really high out of the water and the baby quickly gets cold . Plus it left a large red mark on my sons back . He never seemed comfy in it ! It was great while we used it for the baby sling but after that it was horrible !
 This tub is so nice looking . Fisher Price really put thought into how the tub looks . When my son was an infant it was great . Perfect in fact , but he reached 25 inches at 2 & 1/2 months . Too big for the sling & not old enough to have total head control . I took out the sling & wow what a horrible time . I had to hold him the WHOLE time . It was horrible . Half his body stuck out of the back of the tub . Keep in mind you ca n't lay them down cause there is that hump there . I did call Fisher Price & they had me send it back & gave me a voucher for anything else I 'd like to get . so in all it was n't that bad . I got another tub the Safety First & so far so good . It is deep enough where he can sit unassisted & its great . Please do your research BEFORE buying . . It 'll save you some time & energy .
 I thought the sling on this bathtub would be great for my newborn . My baby hates it . The sling sags -LRB- Baby is 8 lbs -RRB- and the bump in the middle of the tub digs into his back . I always wet the sling with warm water before I put him in but by the time I get him into the tub it is cold already . Overall this just does n't work for my baby . I bought a cheap sponge mat that works for now . I 'll try the other functions of the bathtub as my son gets older .
 I bought this for my newborn son who weighed 9-1 , I used the sling for newborns but the ridge in the tub that is used for the baby 's bottom -LRB- when they are bigger -RRB- pushed into my newborns back leaving welts !! So , when he turned about 3 months old -LRB- about 13 lbs -RRB- I took the infant sling out and used just the tub but also had problems . The back rest does not have a non-slip surface so you must be very careful or the small infant will just slide / tip over to the side !!
 We thought this bathtub would be great for our newborn son , but he was never comfortable in it
 I received this tub as a gift off my registry , but hated it . Baby in the sling part made him cold because he did not touch the water . When he was old enough to go in the water , you had to hold him up while bathing . Not a convenient design.I sold it at a garage sale for $ 3 . What a waste of $ $ $ $ .
 When using a sling , your baby is out of the water . It 's good before the navel hills , but the baby stays cold . Without a sling , the tub is very shallow and the baby ca n't be in the water because of the ridge . The water also splashes outside since it 's so narrow . I prefer to use sink instead . It does n't have any weird ridges in the middle .
 I was just about to buy this for a friend when I found it new on the Walmart website for $ 32 . I 'd much rather buy it 100 % new for that amount of money than used for more than that . Ridiculous !
 I loved the idea and bought it without looking at reviews . My baby was born 6 pounds and this bath was great . BUT as soon as she reached 9 pounds I realized there is a `` bump '' in the middle of the bath that cuts into her back as I wash her.So this product is good for babies of less than 9 pounds!Bottom line , do n't bother with this product .
 My son was only able to use this tub for his first three months -LRB- and he was a premie - born at just over 5 pounds -RRB- . After the first few months he became too heavy and his back rubbed on the bump . We took the net off , but then my arm hit the bump trying to keep my baby off it of . It was just really uncomfortable and awkward . I would not recommend anyone use this tub ... there must be a better one out there .
 what a bad design . very uncomfotable , We put it in the garbage after two washes . Junk i would pay 1 red cert for this item
 I put this on my baby registry thinking it was going to work great ! I wish I could go back in time . After bringing my daughter home I tried giving her a bath in it and it was just not a good experience . The sling gets really cold which of course is not good for the baby , the pillow is slippery and awkward , and the bump in the middle of the tub underneath the sling can dig into the babies back . My daughter did not look or act comfortable in this tub . I agree with an earlier review that it is `` not very functional '' . The only thing I liked about it was the cute wash cups ... thats it . Since I ca n't take it back , maybe it will be better once my daughter can sit up on her own . I would definitely not use this for infants again ! Another parent suggested the bath sponge/foam and it works perfectly and my daughter is always happy during bath time . Sometimes simple is better !
 This tub is adorable and I was so excited to get it . I loved the hammock idea and how comfy I thought my son would be in it , but he did n't really sit well in the hammock because the pillow to support his head kept moving around . Then I realized that I was going to have to wash the hammock comstantly because it gets smelly after getting wet and sitting for awhile , just like a wet towel . I did n't have time to keep putting it in the washing machine and most of the time I forgot and would go to do bath time and end up with a stinky hammock !
 I needed a new tub for baby 5 . I bought this one because I have everything else in the rainforest collection and have liked those items . My son weighed 9 and a half pounds at birth . So , from the beginning he was uncomfortable in the tub . I cinched the hammock as tightly as I could , but his little back still hits the dreaded hump ! If I do n't keep my hand beneath his back , his lower lumbar rests right on it ! Have you ever tried to bathe a large , active , slippery baby with one hand ? He wrinkles his brow and squirms rather than enjoying the warmth of the water as he should . I have bathed many a baby many a time in my life and would NEVER have thought putting a hard hump would improve a baby tub ! I removed the hammock -LRB- great idea , bot poorly designed as well -RRB- , folded a thick hand towel placed over the hump , and used an ordinary baby bath sling . This `` set-up '' has worked much better . No more uncomfortable baby or one handed mama . In short , seek out a baby bath tub without the horrid `` hump '' !
 I liked the idea of this tub , but it just does n't work for us . He keeps sliding down despite the sling and his ears will get in the water and there is a bump that I thought would be great to hold him up and in place , but you can tell he finds it incredibly uncomfortable . I usually end up sitting him above the bump so that he stays up out of the water . He also can get his arms tight next to his body and it 's hard to move him to clean them because the tub gets in the way . He 's now 6 weeks old .
 I have twins who were born early and tiny . The sling did n't even work for them bc even when as tight as possible , the bump under them hit their back . I 'm one to `` make do '' so every bath I put a hand towel on it to cushion it at least . I just knew it would get better in the next stage . WRONG !! The next stage where their bottom is supported by the bump is horrible bc the bump is too close and my babies were sitting up against the plastic at a dangerous and wobbly angle . I was so affraid they would flop over that I went out the next day and bought a new one . I am so dissappointed in this product bc I love the brand . I can not even fathom how people give this five stars or even use it at all !!
 My baby is 6 weeks old & I am already seeing an issue with the tub . When he is sitting in the newborn mesh part , his poor lil back is pressed by the HARD rubber piece in the inside of the tub -LRB- suppose to serve as a seat when he can hold his head up -RRB- . He gets a red mark across his back , so I am in the market for another tub already . . what a waste ! I also question the saftey of the tub bc I could see it tipping backwards if his weight doesnt balance out with the seat part when he gets a lil heavier . . hmmm . . Dont go with this one . . Trust Me !
 This bathtub was passed down to me by a co-worker that did n't like it either . I really liked the toys and thought it would be great but I was very disappointed . The sling did not fit a my newborn baby 's body very well and when he was in the sling he did not sit in the water . So the whole time I was bathing him he was cold . Also my son is a pretty big baby and the sling sunk and his back was resting on the edge of the plastic that holds a sitting baby from slipping down so it was very uncomfortable for him . I tried to take the sling off and the seat position would only work for a baby who could sit upright .
 I bought this for my baby and thought it was awesome until she outgrew the sling which did n't take long at all . She can not sit up on her own yet which means the tub is absolutely useless . I am throwing this out and buying something else . What a waste of money .
 This product was great with our daughter being a newborn and worked well when she was not at the point of sitting up . Now it is difficult to have her in the tub since she is just becoming able to sit up on her own . When she lays back she starts to slip down and the tub is not supportive enough for her to sit up by herself . I definately think its is great for newborns and younger infants but around the time my daughter turned 5 months the tub was not what she needed and we had to buy another .
 This tub is the worst infant tub I have ever used . When my daughter was a newborn the sling would keep her out of the water to where she would get cold easily . She also was n't able to stay in the sling for more than a couple months because the tub has a plastic bar that would dig into her back . When I attempted to put her in the tub without the sling , leaning against the back of the tub , she would flop all over the place and the height of the lip of the tub came to just the right level for my three month old daughter to hit her head when she would try to sit up and then lay back again . I would not recommend this tub to anyone . It should be taken off the market . Do n't waist your money .
 I received this tub as a shower gift and the sling is great for newborns . However , my daughter has now outgrown the sling and ca n't sit up on her own yet . The instructions say that you should detach the bottom portion of the sling and use it as a headrest but the problem is that the seat in the tub is not deep enough to hold the baby and she slides down into the bottom portion of the tub . Luckily , I never take my hands off of her while she is in the tub so she has never gone under but I can see how it could happen very easily . This is a great tub if your child can sit up and you want a small tub to bathe them in . It 's also great for newborns but there is a three or four month window where it is useless . I 'm tossing mine out . I bought the Primo Eurobath and it is much safer and will last much longer ... probably until she is three years old .
 I am just writing to say that I LOVED this tub until my baby was 2 months , and at 26 inches tall her head was hanging over the edge and we could no longer easily shampoo and rinse without getting water everywhere . Also , the edge is rounded so that any water splashed on it goes right out ... wet Mommy and Daddy ! So it was great until she reached 10 lbs and could not use the hammock anymore and maybe we 'll use it when she can sit up , but I 'm thinking we 'll just use the big tub when she can sit up !
 I bought this item before the baby was born , not knowing how big it actually was . It is too big and awkward to bathe our baby in the bathroom with this tub , so we have to do it in the kitchen . She hates it and therefore I hate it and have decided not to even use it any more ! Invest in something a little more comfortable for your baby .
 This tub may be okay for the first two weeks of baths but do n't waste your money . The back of the tub is raised ... or has a ledge . Your baby is suppose to sit on it once they get a tab bit bigger . Then once you try to put your baby in the water you have this akward ledge in their back ... because you baby ca n't sit up at that point . I would have to hold my arm behind my baby so it would n't be in his back . After using this tub four months I had it ! I bought another tub . If I had it to do over again , Safety 1st made a great newborn tub and I would have went with that one . TRUST ME ! DO N'T BUY IT , YOU WILL REGRET IT !
 I had the Safety First tub with my first baby and bought this when I had a boy , mostly for the colors . This is nowhere near as good as the Safety First . First , the newborn insert is n't big enough for big babies , my son outgrew it within 2 months . It 's very poorly designed for a baby who is n't a newborn but ca n't quite sit up . There is nowhere for their head to go , no support , and my baby slumps over to the side . He 's also easily able to kick himself out of the part that supports him under his butt , so if I look away for literally one second he 's submerged over his face in water , it 's extremely dangerous . It 's a very awkward and uncomfortable position . When they do get old enough to sit up , half of the tub is dedicated to younger babies , so the space they have to play is much smaller.Get the Safety First with the newborn insert , you 'll be much , much happier !
 My daughter loved this tub for the first 2 1/2 months , it was one of the only ways I could calm her during the evening hours . Although , now that she is 3 + months it seems that ` the bump ' located on the bottom of the tub is extremly uncomfortable . Bath time is no longer enjoyable for her as she arches her back to try and avoid the large plastic bump pressing against her back . I would not recommend this tub for babies over 13 pounds .
 We bought the whole rainforest line which is so cute but this just did n't work out for us . From the get go the hammock part never supported our son . His back would hit ackwardly on the hard plastic bump below meant for use with older babies . No matter how tight we got the straps he still sunk too far down . He was 7lbs 9 oz . when he was born and we 've been using this since his cord fell off . He is just now at 2 months 10 lbs . so weight was not the issue . We 've now tried a couple of times without the hammock attachment . It 's better but still not great . He seems to slip side to side and it does seem pretty short , water spills over the back when we try to rinse his head . I would n't reccommend this tub . There may be better options but I say save your money for other things and do like we do , my husband takes him in the shower with him and he loves it :-RRB- . We wo n't be trying any others .
 I got this for my first baby thinking it looked so cute and came with extra toys and accessories . As some other reviewers have said , it was fine for the newborn stage . When it was time to use it without the hammock , the tub became fairly useless . It 's very shallow and my son could almost roll out the side when he leaned over . Additionally , there is some assembly required . The piece that holds it onto the side of the sink has to be screwed on and it was always a little wobbly because of the way the screws went into the plastic . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This is my second tub I have tried ... first off , its only $ 30 at wal-mart , so if you 're still interested , buy it there.There are a few problems with this tub : First , the pillow is useless - you ca n't wash the baby 's hair when the pillow is there , and if you flip it up , it falls back down in the baby 's face . I had to cut it off.Second , as the baby gets bigger and you still need to use the sling , her back hits the seat below and hurts her . I had to hold her up with one hand and bathe her with the other.So , I tried using the tub without the sling . She is only 2 months , but can lay it the tub/seat just fine . The only problem is that it doesnt seem comfortable for her , and her head rests higher than the seat , which means when I wash her hair , the water does n't flow into the tub , but onto the counter instead.This tub only worked well for the first few weeks . Now I am off to find another !
 The main problem with this tub is exactly as the previous review describes ... the protruding bump . I owned the tub that preceded this model but it was designed to include that bump . The purpose of the bump is to hold the baby in place when the baby outgrows the baby sling . When the baby is in the sling , they slide down and that hard plastic bump is right in the middle of the baby 's back . You will have to keep picking the baby up and sliding her up to get that uncomfortable plastic out of their back . When I used this tub in the toddler position , the part of the tub where my son 's back sits is n't rounded and began to leave a red mark on his back after every bath , which eventually grew into a bruise-like mark . The tub only gets points for looking good but find another tub !
 This tub might be ok for newborns and older children but for the infant stage which is the longest it is terrble . The sling only gets secured to the top and when the whole thing gets wet it gets big and stretches out - causing baby to slide , causing their back to rest on the pertruding `` bump '' in the middle of the tub.Its going back - tried it twice and it was not a positive bathing experience .
 Everyone knows how awkward it is to bathe an infant , so the sling on this tub is what had me sold . Boy was I wrong ! My son screamed in this tub . The sling got very cold once it was wet -LRB- not to mention there was a `` bump '' in the middle of the tub that dug into my son 's back -RRB- . It took us using it only once to determine that this tub will not work out ... what a waste of money ! I have learned that the items with all the bells and whistles are usually not worth the money spent . We are now using a very basic sponge-type bather that sits in the tub and stays very warm . Now I get nothing but sweet smiles during bath time .
 This bathtub advertises that it can fit all stages - newborn , then 3-6 months , and finally babies that can sit on their own . It also comes with some bath toys and is attractive.The sling , I found , to be very easy to wash my newborn in . Granted , like other reviewers , I noticed that it does n't let baby be immersed much in the water but as a first time mom , I felt more comfortable this way because I was paranoid . The baby really liked the sling.The problem is after the newborn stage . As baby gets older and weighs more , he presses down on the sling and there is a ridge that everyone on here talks about mid-way in the tub . While my baby never fussed about it , it would leave a red mark on his back . It says at 3 months that you can take the sling down and put baby sitting up against the head cushion in the shallower end of the tub . Then after that , when baby can sit unassisted , that you can put him in the deeper end . I find it to be very awkward as my baby keeps slipping down and it looks very uncomfortable . I think once my baby can sit unassisted that it may be easier , but for now , I might as well be using the sink . I still use this tub because it 's what I have but I would n't buy it again if given the choice .
 When my son was newborn , it was really awkward to bathe him in this ... bathing him in just the tub or sink was way easier . Now that he 's six months , the bump just marks up his back and I still prefer just putting him in the tub or sink . I 'm donating this tomorrow .
 Just like everyone stated , I will state again ... My baby kept sliding down on the soft sling and I would have to continuously keep moving my baby up so that the plastic bump would n't be on his back . I only put up with the tub because I received it as a baby shower gift and I live in Tahoe where there are n't many options for shopping . When my baby turned 5mons I took out the sling part and let him sit in the tub while I held him . He 's now 6mons and can totally sit on his own . The tub color is the only nice feature about this tub . Look for something better . I hear IKEA has a whale tub that 's fabulous.Fisher-Price what the hell where you thinking on this design ? Thumbs down .
 My almost 5 month old is in the 100 % for height and weight - so she is a big girl . I bought this tub because she is too big to fit in the bathroom sink . She can not yet sit up on her on , so I needed something with support . I thought this would be perfect ... but its not . She is too big for the Level 2 side - where she can sit on the little shelf and recline . And she ca n't totally sit up on her own in the tub side . This tub also slides all over the bathtub , so now I have to hang on to the baby and to the tub just to try to get her clean . Its gotten to the point where the baby will just scream bloody murder when she is on the shelf side . Last night was better because I tried to prop her up on the other side , but it did n't work that well either . If you have a small baby , I 'm sure this tub is fine . But , with a larger sized baby , it does not work at all .
 My Newborn baby -LRB- who came long and about 8 pounds -RRB- dropped in the sling to the bottom hitting the stupid bump and when we remove the sling the stupid bump made it ` again ' hard for us to adjust our son in the tub , this tub is not right for you if ur baby is n't small or tiny ! We are not pleased with this tub Surely because of the BUMP !! it might be a good tub if the remove the bump and change the quality of the sling to make tighter so it will be much safer
 This tub worked fine when my baby could sit in the sling , but the sling only holds up to 10 pounds ! Once he got too heavy , he was sinking down and his back was on the hard ledge and he was extremely uncomfortable . Now I have to try to balance him on this shallow ledge , which he is constantly sliding off of-I have to catch him slipping into the water and re-position him over and over . It makes bathtime very frustrating for both of us ; I 'm going to have to buy another tub because I ca n't deal with this until he starts sitting up.Common sense dictates that you should never turn your back on a baby in the bath , but with this tub , your baby could kick or squirm and be in the water in a fraction of a second . I feel this tub is downright dangerous to use with an infant over 10 pounds who ca n't sit up on their own .
 I got this tub for our newborn . He came out long and big so the sling just drops to the bottom . we remove the sling and he looks so uncomfortable with the bump right in the middle . His head was above the tub lying down as well . This is probably great for a smaller baby . We used it twice and ordered the whale tub which has a removable bump so he can use it longer . He is now 8 months and we are still using it with the bump .
 Loved this at first using the sling with my newborn . Up until he weighed too much for the sling -LRB- 10 1/2 lbs -RRB- . The `` bump '' in the bottom of the tub proved to be a huge problem . It is supposed to support them after they outgrow the sling but it sits them too high up and his head would bob back & forth . We soon retired the tub soon after we bought it . Very unsatisfied with this purchase . He now happily takes his bath on a big towel in regular tub with couple inches of water . Splashes and kicks to his delight . Wish I could have saved the money buying this fisher price tub .
 I owned this tub and I hated it . The ledge that the baby sits on only fit him when he was very young -LRB- only a few weeks -RRB- , after that , he was sitting too high up in the tub and was n't down in the water enough , or he would kick around so that the ledge was in the middle of his back . I ended up giving this away and buying another tub .
 Fisher-Price Aquarium Bath CenterI used it but I must agree when baby was getting older -LRB- 4-5 months -RRB- it became very clear that it was not the best choice . The insert is always cold -LRB- hammock -RRB- , temperature varies between Baby 's butt and feet , because it is just simply deeper and more water goes into the feet area.Space for sitting child is extremely tight.Considering buying another -LRB- ! -RRB- tub ...
 Whoever created this item needs their head examined . I am a grandmother 64 yrs old , and have given lots of infants a bath in my lifetime . There is a plastic hump in the middle of this aquarium tub . So even if you put the infant on top of the hammock , the infant 's back HITS this hard plastic hump underneath it . Another thing
 I registered for this product along with several other Aquarium products . I was so excited when we got it , but the first time we tried it with our new baby , we realized it was not what we expected . The hammock is a great concept , but even with a six pound baby , it did not hold him off of the hard plastic divider in the middle of the tub . My son hated it . I ended up buying a seperate bath sponge to put in the tub . Also , with the hammock , my son slipped down in the tub repeatedly . This scarred him and made bath time such a chore . He is now big enough to sit/lay in without the hammock or sponge , but he still slides . And , the bottom is just too hard . The divider is supposed to make it possible to use the tub at the kitchen sink , but it did not fit on mine . Also , the tub is not mildew resistant . We have drained it and let it air dry after each use , but it still has mildew in the bottom . I have to clean it with bleach weekly and I hate doing that since my son likes to put the attached toys and cups in his mouth . I am now looking for a better tub .
 This tub was great for my son when he was a newborn but once he outgrew the sling it was horrible ! He was too big for the sling but not able to sit on his own yet . Because of the design of this tub and it 's lack of padding or support , he kept slipping and sliding around making it impossible to wash him because it took 2 hands just to hold him up . Now I have to buy another tub . I wish I had never bought this one . There are much better tubs out there - Do n't waste your money .
 there is a bump that sits right below the baby and hits them in the back . i never write these reviews but this bath is horribly designed . there are better choices for sure . .
 I agree with the earlier reviews . We were also sold out on the sling . Just as we were to give the baby bath we noticed the bump right in the middle of the tub . The picture on the instructions appears as if the baby is on the sling and is deceptive . Buyers beware of this tub .
 This was great for baths for the first month when he would fit in the sling . Starting at 2 months old he was too big for the sling but the `` seat '' or whatever the bump is under the sling was completely useless for him . If we had the sling attached at the bottom his feet would get caught on the edge and his back sunk down into the bump . If we detached the bottom two straps of the sling then first of all it just got in the way and either he would lie with the bump in his back or he would be 90 % out of the water with his head above the headrest .
 It worked out great for the first few bath but then I noticed the `` hammock '' it started to get a nasty dishrag smell . I had to put it in the washing machine after every use . Then after about 2 months of that no matter what I did the smell never went away . My daught is 5 months now and we have been usung it without the hammock part for about 2 months now but she is too big for it . Also when she is in it she seems to be too far above the water only the bottom of her bum sits in the water and she gets cold even with the heater on.It was ok for the time being but I will be buying a new one very soon . I would n't reccomend it
 Whom ever designed this product obviously did n't use it on a big baby , or a wiggly baby . I love the colors , and I love the mesh cradle that can be hooked to the tub for a newborn . However , there is a huge hump in the middle to create a seat , and it ca n't be removed . If the baby lays in the mesh , and is heavier than like 9 lbs , they sag and their back is laying right on the uncomfortable hump . Or , if you want to submerge their body in the water , they have to sit on the seat , and most of their body is out of the water , and only their feet are in the actual bath . This would n't be a huge problem if a washcloth was placed on them to keep them from getting cold , however , my baby likes to wiggle , and would wiggle right out of the seat over the hump , and slip in the bath water . He did this over and over , and it made it very hard to give him a bath . The tub part below the seat is small too , so a baby ca n't just lay in it . My baby was all squished . Since I ca n't just lay him in the water of the tub because it is too small with the hump in the middle , and I could n't put him on the seat because he would wiggle out , I had to stop using the tub when he was only like 2 months old !! My older son used this tub for a while , and did well in it ... but he did n't try to wiggle out of it , so I could actually sit him on the seat , and he would sit still . Cute tub , fun toys that come with it , but I hate the hump in the middle ! SO annoying !!! I wish I could remove it !!!
 Compre esta ba & ntilde ; era por ser distinta y resulta que cuando llega no trajo los cojines . Deber&iacute;an de explicar mejor como viene ... no me quede conforme .
 This tub was such a disappointment ! I absolutely hate it ! I have used it twice and I am throwing it in the garbage . Do n't waste your money on this bath !
 To the people saying that you can remove the bump in the middle , you can not , at least on the model I have that is about 3 years old . I am not even sure they make a newer model with no bump for this aquarium theme . I DO however like the Fisher Price whale of a tub , THAT one does have a removable bummp that sits lower inside the tub , so the baby is in warm water and is much happier . But at first - newborn up until 3 months all you really need is one of those bath sponges they sell at walmart or kmart in the baby section for like $ 5 , they are soft and get the job done .
 Do not buy this bathtub . I accidentally registered for it without really checking out and it was a big mistake . The bath was fine as long as my daughter was small enough for the hammock . Once she outgrew it , the bathtub is useless . The headrest is not helpful and all since it 's not high enough to support her head . The positioning of the tub is such that she sits in shallow water and her whole body is outside of the water so she gets cold . The worst part of the tub is its actual design . THere are two compartments ... one for butt to rest and other for legs . My daughter likes to splash around and more and she constantly slips down and there is a hump wedged into her back that separates the two compartments . It 's extremely frustrating to bathe her because either she tilts to the side because there is no support for her upper body or she slips down into the water because nothing there to hold her in place . Stay away from this aweful product . I 'm looking into getting the Primo Euro Bath . All the review on it are amazing . Hopefully mine review can save you some serious aggravation .
 I totally regret putting this item on my baby registry . For the past 4 months I have struggled while using this bath on my own . When my Husband can help with the bath it 's not too bad but to use this on my own is a total nightmare . The sling when my baby was a newborn was not supportive and the pillow at the top of the sling never fit his head properly . After only several uses and following the recommended cleaning regimen the sling became discolored with black markings . Despite multiple washes in the machine it would not come out . It looks gross , like mold . We think it is from the manufacturer 's tag . At the recommended age we removed the sling and even at 4 months my son hate 's the bathtub and slides all over the place . He is never comfortable in it . It has not made bathtime a fun event . It is also so large that the only place to store it in our condo is in our bathtub which is annoying to move in and out when we use the bath/shower . I do not recommend this tub . In fact , I ca n't wat to get rid of it .
 I bought this product for my new born baby . On day 4 we used it for first time . First thing I noticed was that head support can be better . I was surprised , when I put my hand below mesh , to feel some hard plastic supporting mesh to prevent it from touching bottom . I tried to adjust the straps but that did n't work . They have curved it so it will not damage spine . I still do n't like to think that babies back is supported by some curved plastic ... . I would rather buy something where mesh is not supported by anything . That would be more comfortable for baby.I read some other 5 star reviews -LRB- probably form company sales department employees or their spouse -RRB- where they try to undermine fact that bump digs in to your babies spine . They say you should read instruction so you will understand why there is a bump and why it should be there and its not a problem . One review even says that concern with bump is laughable if you read instruction.Fact is if your baby is above 9 lb , you might hurt your baby with this product unless you are very careful . So why take a risk ? Stay away from this product .
 I really did n't like this product . It was very hard for my 6 month old son to sit in . It did n't have any cushion or slip pads for him to sit on so his bottom was slipping and he could n't sit up correctly so I moved him to the laying down part . I was going to Oregon to visit my family and had it shipped there so we had something to use , so thankfully I do n't need to use it every day as I have my own at home .
 We have had two sets of these -LRB- returned the first one after a few months -RRB- . Each performed beautifully for about three months . We kept the monitors in the base for recharging the vast majority of the time . Slowly , each set began getting worse and worse reception until neither would make a connection unless you held it at a certain angle , in a certain direction , without anyone moving in the room ! Too bad , because it really did work well initially .
 Rip off for the price , everything interfers with them , they die very quickly we have been using them for 3months and they are not able to be removed from the charger for more than 10minutes than they beep !! sometime the frequency stops for no good reason , beeps until you change it ! Wish I wouldnot have bought these !
 can not make receivers work on a regular basis for more than about 50 feet from the main unit
 My husband and I received the Graco imonitor Digital baby monitor -LRB- model # 2795DIG -RRB- for my baby shower , just a little over a year ago . I noticed that frequently the base would turn itself off -LRB- ! -RRB- and the dual monitors would beep and flash red , indicating they had lost signal . Of course , most of the time , this would happen in the middle of the night and be a HUGE annoyance waking us with loud beeping . Now the base wo n't turn on at all , whether plugged in or with batteries , and the limited warranty by Graco is only good for one year with proof of receipt . I caution anyone buying this product - this model may be defective !
 My husband and I chose to buy this monitor because we wanted something that would hold connection while we were outside , did n't have a bunch of background noise or static , and something that someone else could pick up on theirs . So , about 14 months ago when we got this , it worked really well at first , for about 6 or 7 months . Then , it started to beep all of the time . I lose connection to it when I am in the house ! It is the most irritating sound in the world . I called Graco and they told me that it was because the battery went bad , so they sent me a new battery pack , and well , it did n't fix it . So , I really do n't suggest buying this product !
 We had a first years monitor with our older son , and bought this when we had a second . I wish we had saved our money . Its major drawback are
 One of the parent units simply did not work . Called Graco and spent so much time on the phone trying to set it up - still waiting for the fre replacement part they are supposed to send . Since I registered for it , could not return it to amazon within the timeframe between receiving it and trying it with the baby ... bummer .
 I bought this because of it 's high reviews and I 'm really disappointed . One of the receivers never even worked . The one that does work has terrible reception . Overall , it 's just a poor product design . It even feels cheap . I would n't bother attaching the handle to a strap of any sort because it would probably break . The on and off button for the part with the microphone is on the side rather than on top ... so I have to pick it up every time I want to turn it off .
 I bought this monitor to use with my son . It seemed to work pretty well at first , there was definitely some static , but not terrible . However , one morning I woke up feeling very well rested . I looked at the clock ... it was 830am ! My son never slept past 7am in his crib ! I look at the monitor , it had turned itself off during the night !!!! How could it do this to me ? Its job is to monitor my baby . Well , I trashed the monitor and bought myself the Philips Avent SCD . Its expensive , but sooooo worth it . There is absolutely no static and it has never turned itself off without issuing some sort of loud annoying warning . Please be careful if you chose this monitor that it does n't turn off on you too .
 If you are considering this product , carefully read the multiple reviews that say the signal is poor and the monitors beep constantly . I have owned this product for a year ; it worked more often than not in the early months , but now the signal is constantly crackly or dropped . Of course , we ca n't hear the baby , and thus the product is useless . Sometimes if you move the monitors around the room , the signal will briefly pick up , only to die again -LRB- the baby 's room is right next to ours , so distance is not the issue -RRB- . I am not one to complain about products much , but Graco is really selling a bill of goods on this one . The bottom line is , you might get lucky and it will work or work for awhile , but there is clearly a problem with battery life , range , and reception with this inferior product . If you spend $ 100 on a monitor , you deserve better quality and reliability . Do n't make this purchase .
 Like so many others , we 've had problem after problem . We received double parent units but the 2nd one just stopped working one day , not a battery problem , just stopped working . Called & was shipped a replacement which would never connect to nursery unit . Called again , another replacement shipped , it also would not connect to nursery unit . Obviously very frustrated I called again & was told I could ship it back to them for them to evaluate - and be without a monitor at all ? At least I had one working parent unit . I asked instead that we receive a new one & then I would ship the old one back , this was not an option . I decided to make due with at least the one working parent unit & then what happens ? That one stopped working several months later too ! Our daughter is only 10 months old , I really would assume for the cost , if nothing else , that the product would last a bit longer than that ! Riduculous & exasperating , we 're going shopping now for another - it will not be a Graco brand needless to say .
 I usually do n't take the time to write reviews , but I was so frustrated with this product that I felt obligated to save others from the same experience . The parent units constantly lose contact with the base unit resulting in a very annoying beep . I have tried everything to resolve -LRB- switching channels , moving other wireless electronics in the house , etc. -RRB- with no luck . Also , even when the parent unit indicates that it is working properly , there have been a couple of occasions when I did not hear the baby crying despite having the volume all the way up . I have another less expensive Graco monitor from my first child and had no problems , so this was a huge disappointment . I am returning it .
 At first we loved this monitor .1 It is small which is great ! 2 you can strap it to your arm and it vibrates .3 it lights up so you can `` see '' the soundDownsides1 it is so quite you almost have to wear it so it can vibrate .2 the reception is poor , even in our apt . which is small and good cell reception . In our inlaws trailer forget about the monitor ! 3the battery is not lasting as long as it did when we first bought it I would go for a monitor with two parent sets so we could swich without having to travel the charging base around.All in all we would have gotten something different we have been using this now for 7 months and are less than happy with it . We also picked it up at a baby store in Kelowna BC and paid way too much it was priced at nearly 200 dollars ! So I am very upset to see it listed on amazon for way less ! Lesson learned
 We bought this monitor because it is digital , which means no one else can pick up the signal and see and hear your baby . It worked great for a few months . One day the parent unit just quit working . I called Graco and they are going to give us a full refund . I am very disappointed because I love Graco products . I also love the idea of a digital video monitor . I guess I 'm going to have to go in search of a new one from another manufacturer .
 This monitor has so much static and loses its connection so frequently -LRB- and then beeps loudly -RRB- that we sometimes just turn it off and have no monitor at all ! So frustrating . It charges ALL DAY and still only gives us about an hour of time before it shuts off - insane ! It has never worked properly and I wish I could return it but it was a gift . Very disappointing .
 This was not the first monitor that I purchased , and also was n't the last . The sound was ok , but definitely not loud enough . I want to know that my baby is awake before she is in a full blown hysterical scream . The range was no better than a Sony that I tried which was rated up to 900 feet . Unfortunately , there are a lot of walls between the nursery and our bedroom , so we are n't getting anything even close to the ratings . We have an old model from Philips that we bought for my now 5 year old son , and we are borrowing it for our new baby until I can find a new one that works as well . No luck so far . I 'm going to try the new model Philips/Avent monitor . Hopefully , it 's as good a product as our old one .
 My wife & I just had twin boys . So we loved the idea of having 2 monitors that we could have 1 upstairs & 1 downstairs . Since we spent over a $ 100 for it , I thought it had to be good . I mean , you get what you pay for . Well , I was very wrong . The unit wont stop beeping , which the book explains is because it is losing the signal to the base . Since , the base is the same room as the monitor , I really have no clue why it is losing the signal.I am extremely disappointed . This product does live up to its hype . It is frustrating , annoying and isnt worth $ 1 .
 I bought this monitor for my second child , after moving to a new house with a very large yard . I wanted to be able to be outside with my 3 year old and still hear the baby . The range is virtually non-existent . No where near 2000 feet . If you bought this monitor for that reason - return it . Otherwise , it works well .
 This monitor worked ok at the beginning but after 1 month of use , the monitor keeps beeping saying the `` link '' has been dropped . we have tried changing the `` channel '' over and over and it still beeps trying to find a link . its very frustrating . we are going to try the sony model as our neighbors swear by it .
 When they were new 2 & 1/2 years ago they worked great with no issues noted . Eventually they started to develop this crackling sound which annoys the heck out of my wife and I. I have no idea why it does this . There is no interference that I can tell of.As for battery life , as others have said , over time the battery life has shortened . Go figure , we have n't used them off the charger extensively , which is weird.All said , if I was given the chance to purchase them again I would definitely steer clear . If you decide to purchase them , think about getting a warranty so you can exchange them with no problems down the road .
 Like several others have said - this was a great monitor with all the features we needed & it worked very well for several months after we bought it . However , it suddenly began to pop and click once in a while and other times it will disconnect for a few seconds and then reconnect * but not always.The size , weight , portablility and the recharging bases as well as the fact it can be turned down to hear no static - nothing but if the baby makes noises - are everything we wanted but my husband finally said tonight , `` go find a better monitor before I throw this one out the window ! `` We have a tri-level , two cordless phones , wireless internet & live 30 feet from our neighbors . Our old FP Lights and Sounds worked well but was worn out after 12 years!Guess we are back to searching for a monitor that works in our house !
 We have the Graco Ultra Clear monitor and it has worked really well for us for over 3 years . With a new baby on the way , we thought we 'd upgrade to the new technology . Oops . It turns out that the range on the new monitor was about half that of the Ultra Clear -LRB- could n't even make it to the other side of the house -RRB- , and the reception was quite poor . And the annoying beeping was the clincher . I sent it back today and bought another $ 40 Ultra Clear . Oh , and I tried the Fisher Price Private Connection also , and had the same issues ...
 We purchased this monitor because it claims to work even if you have wireless internet and for the distance claims . Unfortunately we found interference after less than 100 feet . Our baby 's bedroom is downstairs in the back of our house and we get massive static in the downstairs front room of our 1900 sq. ft. 2 story house ! So do n't believe the distance claims . Also , our rechargeable batteries are now dead and will not hold a charge . Our baby is only 13 months old and the batteries have been dead for 6 months .
 Nothing irks me more than this supposed `` baby monitor '' . Because is n't the point of a baby monitor to monitor babies ? Not to work sometimes , if the moon and stars are aligned perfectly , and work only when it feels like working . Not to beep endlessly and flip channels until I want to pull my hair out and throw the thing against the wall , not necessarily in that order.Now when this monitor works , it works well - it picks up every little sound clearly and I can hear my babies the instant they wake up . I rarely hear static . Despite other reviews , it has a long battery life -LRB- 7-8 hours -RRB- . I have twins , and set up this monitor in two different rooms so that I can hear the babies whether they are napping together or separately . I rarely remove the receivers from their battery chargers ; they just sit in my office where I 'm working , which is incidentally 15 feet from either baby . Since nothing moves , you 'd think I 'd only have to set it up once and be done , yes?Not even close . What usually happens is one of two things : One , it will lose a frequency and search for a signal . It does this whether I 'm on the other end of the house or in the next room . It loses a signal at least twice per day . Then it starts endlessly beeping , during which I begin to imagine drop-kicking this monitor across several blocks and into the freeway , where it gets run over again and again by a convoy of tractor trailers.Two , it will flip channels so that it 's suddenly monitoring the same room as the other device , and now one baby is out of communication . It does n't matter that the switch is set to `` room 2 '' , because it 's now monitoring room 1 . I have no warning this has happened , no beeps or even a flashing light , so unless I 'm within earshot and hear her crying , that baby is out of luck should she need attention . This happens at least once every other day , so I simply do n't go out of earshot anymore . To which I wonder , why have a baby monitor at all ? It 's only out of morbid curiosity I keep it plugged in.I will try to reset the frequency -LRB- which you do by clicking buttons which also beep maddeningly -RRB- but usually this does n't work , and it continues to beep . I am actually surprised this monitor has n't yet been embedded in my wall.Maybe today will be the day .
 I understood that this was to be the best product becuase it was digital and crystal clear . When mine worked it was clear , but the problem I had was that the partent unit and the base unit would constantly loose connection with one another . This would happen nearly everday . I would reset the units just as the directions said , it would work for awhile and then loose connection again . The combination to reset the units was also confusing . Try reseting at 3am . I went back to the cheaper monitors because I hear everything just as good and I do n't have to worry about loosing connection at 3am and not hearing my baby .
 After reading all the great reviews on this unit , we thought we found the perfect monitor . We already have the Fisher Price sounds and lights from when our first child was born 3 yrs ago . That one has worked fine for us ... except for the sometimes loud static and the fact that one -LRB- or more :-RRB- -RRB- of your neighbors also owns the same unit . SO , we wanted a new one for our new baby that was super quiet -LRB- THIS ONE IS ! -RRB- and that was not a `` spy gadget '' for our neighbors to listen in on . So far so good ... but then this iMonitor unit will randomly pick up static -LRB- kinda like older cordless phones -RRB- and seemingly lose it 's signal . It is good that it then tries to re-establish itself with the base unit , but makes a VERY LOUD beep-beep-beep-beep sound if it loses connection to the base . That 's SO ANNOYING at 3 am . -LRB- or any other time too -RRB- . Any time our power even flickers , the base unit shuts off -- then you have to reset it AND the receivers before it works . Again , quite annoying . That said , we live with the frustration but not sure for how long . The design is AWESOME , as the receivers are both recharged -LRB- NO CORD ATTACHED ! -RRB- on their bases and you can just grab them and move them around the house . No need for batteries ! The sound quality and sensitivity is fantastic . For $ 90 , I 'd hope it wouldnt have any problems , but it does . So , I would not recommend this unit .
 I purchased this monitor so that I could monitor someone at night time . The baby unit was placed near the bed of the elderly person and I had the parent unit in a stationary spot next to my bed . The unit is supposed to work up to 2000 feet away . The units were only about 100 feet away in two separate bedrooms . The parent unit kept switching between green -LRB- working -RRB- and red -LRB- not working -RRB- . When it was n't working it would occasionally make three loud beeping noises . I tried moving the parent unit all over the room and it only worked if I had it near the door but too far away for me to hear if I was in a deep sleep . I am returning it .
 We purchased this for our first baby and have been using it for 18 months now . It has horrible static and the handheld receiver batteries die after 1 hour off of their charging base .
 We bought this for our first-born last February . It worked great at first , although the distance that it could `` travel '' never impressed us . After less than a year of using this , the cord that plugs into the base started not staying plugged in , it would fall out constantly . So multiple times a night we would have to go in to our sons room and re-adjust the machine in order to get the cord to stay plugged in . Would not recommend this monitor ... especially for how expensive it is .
 We bought this monitor when our daughter was born - it had very good range and the battary stayed charged for a couple of hours when off the cradle . WIthin a few months , the batteries did not stay charged for more than 10 minutes and the range was worse . Now -LRB- 2 yrs later -RRB- it has terrible range -LRB- off or on the cradle -RRB- and will not stay charged for more than 3 minutes . I loathe it and will have to buy a new one for our new baby - silver lining . And , it was consumer reports top rated at the time !
 I bought this monitor about a year ago . When I first got it , I was very happy with it . There was very little static and I could hear the baby crying pretty clearly . But after about 6 months of use , it started going downhill . Now , I want nothing more than to throw it out the window every time I have to turn it on . Even if the monitor 's been charging all night , the second you turn it on it starts crackling . My house is n't very big , but if I go more than 1 room away , the signal dies , the light goes red , and it starts beeping at me.I give it 2 stars because for the first 6 months , it worked pretty well.If you only need a monitor for a few months and have money to spare , by all means knock yourself out . But if you 're looking for a long-term monitor that you can use for over 6 months or -LRB- shock ! -RRB- reuse with another child , find a better brand . Better to spend a little more instead of having to buy something twice .
 We used this monitor nearly every day since we had our son 11 months ago . It had great range and no interference . However , the last few weeks , the battery began to die earlier and earlier -LRB- It usually lasted a couple of hours before needing charged . -RRB- Now , it sits on it 's charging base and still will not charge , rendering it useless . I gave this two stars because , for the price that we paid , it was not worth the money - even though it has lasted us 11 months .
 registered for this , and it was great for the first couple of months that i used it . the range was good and the sound quality was excellent.however , by the time my daughter was 1 , i had gotten rid of it . it just go worse and worse as time went on . there was a crackling sound that had to with the monitor plug that would wake me up multiple times a night , it was almost always ` out of range ' -LRB- even from just 1 room away -RRB- , and the vibe thing was n't all it was cracked up to be -LRB- for me anyway -RRB- . an absolute waste of money , especially since it was NOT cheap ! i had hoped to be albe to use it for several years , but it did n't even make it through one . would loved to have been able to return it , but it 'd been too long . i 'm looking for another monitor .
 This is the first baby monitor I have ever owned , so I do not claim to be an expert . I bought this because another Graco model was highly rated and they are supposed to be a quality brand name . From the way this model is marketed I thought it would n't have as many problems with interference and so would get better reception . I 've only been using this monitor for a week , but I 'd have to say so far it 's * worthless * . I do n't mean that as an exaggeration either . It 's range is absolutely abysmal . I ca n't take it downstairs or outside on our deck without it losing all reception from the base station . The only places in the home where I get reliable reception are within earshot of where the base station and baby are ! What 's the point of even having a monitor ?! My home is by no means large and when I am on the deck I am probably 75 feet from the bedroom where the baby is sleeping and at most 100 feet when I am downstairs . This was given to us as a gift -LRB- although we registered for it -RRB- so it was n't * my * money wasted . But it angers me that something that costs so much performs so poorly . Our next door neighbor will sometimes pop in to visit while her toddler is asleep , with her baby monitor in-hand . It has some static but she gets a reception ! And that 's going through the walls of her home , crossing some open ground , and then coming through our walls . Her baby monitor is an older off-brand , but at least it works.I definitely * would not * buy this product again .
 Was good for the first few months and then started losing battery power . Then at about a year , stopped working completely . With a new baby coming we are having to buy a brand new monitor . We will probably be forking out a little extra money this time .
 As the title states - this unit was a waste of money.I 've read the other reviews - and I 'm not sure how long those that gave good reviews have owned their units but we have had ours for 2 painful years . It worked great week 1 ... and ever since the performance has gone down hill . All night long we hear snap-crackle-pop from the unit while it 's in the charging stand . Yes , I 'm well aware that rechargeable batteries do not last forever but we were down to about 15 mins off the charger before it needed to be re-charged - on both units - which honestly is annoying and ridiculous . So if you plan on buying this for the long term - you will never get your money out of it as now you will have to pay for 2 new batteries . We 've owned a FP 900mhz unit for our older daughter for over 3 years - it was less expensive - holds it 's charge like it was new and we never hear the `` rice krispies '' at night.Bottom line is for the price and name brand we expected MUCH more . Good luck on your search for the right monitor - but do yourself a favor and stay away from this one .
 Because we live in a town house in the city , I thought a digital review would be the way to go . It works fine in our 1,200 SF home , with no interference . However , the monitor has two major drawbacks . First , the battery life does not last 8 hours , which is a problem if the monitor is off the base , you 're sleeping , and it starts to beep LOUDLY . The second major problem is that the monitor has terrible range . Visiting family in their larger country homes , the monitor would lose its signal with the base if there were more than a couple of walls that it had to travel through . I am now shopping for a new monitor that will give us the range that we need .
 We thought we were registering for a top-of-the-line product , but we returned this within a week of using it . We never heard anything but fuzz and we were constantly double-checking the baby . More than once we would hear the baby through the walls before we could hear any discernible crying through the monitor . We just could NOT TRUST THIS MONITOR.Now maybe we just got a ` bad ' one ... but quality-control is Graco 's job , not ours . I 'm not sure if the fuzz and static was due to interference problems or a product problem -LRB- like too high of gain on the mic -RRB- . We have a wireless router and one cordless phone in the house , neither of which was in close proximity to the baby or parent unit . There is a ` channel ' button on the baby unit , but it did not seem to make any difference.Although I thought the product was useless , I did like the design of the parent units . The integrated belt clip and finger-loop felt sturdy and the charging cradles were convenient.We replaced this with theSafety 1st High-Def Digital Monitorand have not experienced any sound quality issues .
 this item as come very close to being thrown out the window in our house ! The range is quite poor and is constantly beeping when it loses a signal , range varies due to walls and/or doors and not neccessarily distance . Battery life poor which leads to more incessant beeping ... beep , beep , beep . I 've heard more beeping from this unit than I 've heard my baby making noise . The belt clip is useless also , constantly falling off . Very irritating device .
 This is the 2nd set of monitors we had because our original Fisher Price Lights n Sounds died after about 18 months . We thought we 'd try something new so we bought these . I really regret it . They never keep a charge , they never pick up the sounds from my 2 year olds room and they are always staticy and beeping ! . I 'm just grateful I bought these for an older child instead of an infant , because I would have never heard a baby on these things - they are constantly turning themselves off . We are expecting our 2nd baby and are on our 3rd monitor system , having bought the Fisher Price Private Connection monitors a month ago . I would hightly recommend them , they even have a battery back up !
 I was so excited about this monitor and it has been a disappointment - I ca n't figure out if it is the range or the battery but it beeps all the time . I am going to call today to see how amazon can help to get us either a replacement or a different monitor . Very disappointed so far based on the cost - but hopefully amazon will offer resolution - TBD
 The reception is great and crystal clear but the lifespan of the battery after overnight recharge is absolutely horrible ... I get maybe three hours before the unit starts beeping .
 Never holds a charge , even when plugged in . If it would run on AC power , I would n't even care , but it only uses the AC power to charge the battery off of which it operates . Look at the other monitors before you choose this one . I 'm throwing mine away and getting the Uniden phone system which come with a room/baby monitor feature instead .
 I have had other monitors and they were awful so I decided to drop the big bucks on this new , `` better '' one . First off , the directions never say that you have to attach the batteries so I never knew and had to phone customer support . They glibly told me it was in the instructions but when I made her check she admitted it was n't there . OK , so maybe that was my stupidity , maybe not . Yes , there is no static at all , I will give it that much . BUT , it is not sensitive at all and does n't pick up all the sounds . If my daughter turns so her head is at the other end of her crib I ca n't hear her at all . My old crappy monitors all picked up all the sounds , at the very least . Once I have the AC on coming this summer I will not be able to hear anything in the room at all . The volume is up as loud as it goes and it 's not loud enough !! Also , the LED lights on the parent unit are SO bright that I had to cover them up because it was keeping me up at night . Lastly , the batteries die very fast off the base and when they go you get no warning , they are just gone and you hear nothing . I am now going to return them and buy another expendable cheap monitor so at least I can HEAR my kid .
 I 'm a big fan of Graco products , but this was my first purchase of an electronic Graco product , and I am thoroughly disappointed.Following the instructions provided , I plugged the bases for both parental units into functional wall outlets . I was immediately concerned that neither unit 's charging light came on , and tried several other outlets -LRB- all verified as working properly -RRB- . However , the charging lights never came on . I left the bases plugged in for the 16 hours recommended for the initial charge but ... long story short , neither rechageable battery pack was capable of carrying a charge . So , the monitor works if I am willing to operate off of AC power OR use dispoable batteries.I find it hard to believe that a quality company like Graco would ship a product without better QA . Anyway , I plan to try to my luck with ANOTHER company 's monitor .
 We 've had the monitor for over a year and a half and it 's been disappointing . The range advertised is 2000 ft , yet it does n't make it to the other end of our house -LRB- it 's not a big house -RRB- . The batteries are terrible , and after a few months we resorted to leaving it plugged in all the time . Not great when we need to wander the house , but then again , it does n't reach all of the house anyway.We recently took a trip and purchased a different monitor to take with us-the Safety First Hi Def Digital Monitor . That one works better than advertised and made the Graco pale in comparison.We do still use the Graco occasionally , but much prefer the Safety First .
 I think this is the worst monitor in the history of monitors . I wake up several times every night because it starts beep , beep , beeping ... . because it has lost it 's signal . If I type at my computer -LRB- I guess because I am in the way of the monitor or something -RRB- , it goes off again , losing its signal . It drives me nuts ! It works about 70 % of the time , and I have been hesitant to go and buy another one because consumer reports says this is as good as it gets ... so I do n't want to go and spend even more money on a monitor that works even less than the one I already have . I give this product two HUGE thumbs down .
 This is such a terrible product . I bought because of the GRACO brand and was very dissapointed . The range is not good , lots of static and although my baby sleeps at night we can not because of the constant beeping , it seems it looses signal or something and it wakes us up . The batteries did not last very long of the base unit and now they will not resist more than 30 ' off the base . BUY SOMETHING ELSE , WE WILL !!
 The sound quality is very good . That being said we have 2 problems . 1 -RRB- it seems the parent units have to have almost a direct line of sight with minimal walls and doors between to get good signal . 2 -RRB- if power is lost in the home the child unit does not turn back on automatically so both parent units will be beeping because they ca n't find the base . HUGE problem at 3am . For a tiny infant you can sneak in and turn the base back on , but as my son got older this was not practical . Very disappointing . We ended up just getting rid of the monitor . I could not even bring myself to sell it because the problems with loss of power were so bad I did not want to put another parent though that .
 My wife and I purchased this baby monitor in preparation for the arrival of our first child , and after using it for almost 2 weeks I could not be more disappointed . We were drawn in by the promise of a clear connection that would prevent others from listening in , but the many drawbacks far outweigh this one advantage.This is one of the more expensive and highly rated baby monitors , but you certainly do n't get what you pay for here.Pros :1 . You do get a clear connection when the unit is in range -LRB- see cons for a further explanation -RRB- Cons :1 . The biggest complaint I have is the battery life . Even with the parent units on the lowest volume setting , you will not get more than 5 hours of use without having to recharge . You will know when you need to recharge because the unit will start beeping loudly every 5 seconds until you put it back in the cradle to recharge . This is a great feature to discover during the middle of the night . The nursery unit is even worse , as it does not take rechargeable batteries and will eat through 3 AAA batteries in 6 hours unless it is plugged in . Why they even allow this unit to operate without being plugged in is beyond me . Basically all of the units have to be plugged in at all times .2 . I have already had a couple instances where the parent units will simply not connect to the nursery unit . They just sit there and beep like they do if you are out of range . This required a couple of off/on power cycles of the nursery and parent units to correct .3 . The range is not ideal . I have a 2800 square foot , 2 story house and we have already had 1 issue where the parent unit would not connect to the nursery unit . Granted , the units were about as far away as they can be in our house , but considering this distance was only about 60 feet , I do not think it is unreasonable to have complete coverage in our house .4 . As other reviewers have noted , the lowest volume setting can be too loud if you are a light sleeper . Since the speaker is always on , you will hear any ambient noise in the room amplified and played on the parent unit . Several other monitors on the market have noise thresholds and will only transmit the sound if it is above a certain volume -LRB- i.e. if the baby is crying as opposed to shifting in the crib -RRB- . Also the LEDs are also extremely bright in a dark room.Unfortunately I can not recommend this product . We are making due with it simply because I refuse to throw away a $ 100 baby monitor , although I 'm sure I would be much happier with a different product.If you can deal with leaving the units plugged in at all times and only taking the parent units out of the cradle for short periods of time , then this product would probably suffice , although I 'm sure you could find a much cheaper product that would work just as well .
 I bought the dual room iMonitor yesterday . -LRB- only available in store at Babies R Us -RRB- . It is the same as the one shown here , but it has two transmitters to montor two children . Based on only 4 hours of testing , I am taking the unit back.Pro : - The range was great . Whole house , plus 800ft outside.-No interference . I live in a dense suburban area with many sources of interference.-Easy to setup.-Shape / size of parent units are much better than others -LRB- especially sony -RRB- Cons : - Controls are not very straightforward.-The unit always hisses . It is not sound/voice activated.-The power switch on the parent unit is a button that is not recessed . When you turn it off , it does not beep or let you know that you did . The button is easy to bump , and would make it easy to carry the thing while it is off , and you think it is on.-The DEAL BREAKER
 When I got this , it was a new product and had great reviews . Well , problems surface over time with this junk . I needed something with long range to accomodate our 6,000 square feet ranch . This works ok around the house , but I will get out of range once in a while even when unit is sitting still and nothing moves in front of it . Our child is in the family bed so we only use it for naptimes . Thank goodness . If I had to use it at night , this would be in the trash by now . All the snap , cracle and pop and occasionally beeping out of nowhere , how can people take that in the middle of the night ? To adjust the volume you have to push on the button which beeps with each push with the same volume frequency . Yes , it is very loud . And the rechargable batteries ? Great thought , but these things do n't hold any charge . After one year of using it for couple hours a day , it holds charge for about 1 hour . Thank goodness I have two units and can take the other one when first one dies . Replacement batteries not available anywhere that I could find . even our battery store could n't help and I refuse to buy anymore products from Graco regarding this monitor . They already stole my money for it in the first place . What a junk . This was the WORST baby expense I have made . Honestly . I absolutely hate this monitor but suffer with it for the naps . Baby is growing up and soon this junk will go in the junk .
 The range is not close to 2000 feet.Our toddler was sleeping and we took the receivers outside so that we could visit our next door neighbor 's backyard and it lost reception about 200 feet . We even put the monitor in the window and it still did n't get the reception .
 This monitor is supposed to give you a warning of when it needs to be back on the charger . This warning never happened , and it just shut itself off automatically . I did not hear my 7 month old crying . I will have to live with seeing his beat red face hysterical with tears when I went to check on him . THIS IS NOT A RELIABLE PRODUCT IMO .
 We bought this monitor and are only able to use it inside of our house , it looses the signal once we step outside of the house to get the mail or work in the yard . We live in a new residential area with no known interferences . Our cheaper monitors work better and have better range . We purchased this monitor for the range and quality purposes and it is basically useless and we are out of our 30 day return policy so we are now stuck with it . We DO NOT recommend this monitor at all .
 I will chime in with those commenting on the annoying beeps . It definately does not have the range it claims to have . It loses connection to the base all night long and beeps when it does . You have to set it just so to keep it from beeping . And we can not keep it next to the bed because of the static . I hate this thing . Do n't buy it .
 I 've had this monitor for almost a year and a half now , and I hate it . We also own an older Fisher-Price Lights and Sounds monitor , and it pales in comparison to that monitor . The Graco monitor 's rechargeable battery , which is what allows it to be portable , never had a very long life , and now at not quite a year and a half old do not charge at all . The very instant I remove the monitor from its base , it 's dead.Other complaints - it 's not very loud . I have to crank it to it 's max volume to feel like I 'm really hearing anything , and even then it 's not terribly loud . The lights are green and VERY bright at night . Annoyingly so . It 's sound quality is only sub-par . Range is not very good . I have to place the monitor just so to avoid static on my monitor at this point.All in all , there are much better monitors out there !
 At first this monitor seemed great . But the battery died after about a year and no one sells replacement batteries . Graco advertises the battery as being rechargable but it really is n't . I cant even use the monitor on its base . The monitor is completely useless .
 I can not stand this monitor . I was excited to get it because my sister and mother had used the previous Graco model for my neice and nephew and thought it was great . It is compact and easily portable.However , the signal is absolutely awful ! It is almost impossible for me to get a signal anywhere in my house . Our family room is probably not more than 20 ' from the nursery and I have trouble getting a signal . I have changed locations , changed channels and still the monitor just sits there and beeps . There is only 1 wall between the base and the monitor ! When I have finally found a channel that gets a decent signal , it interferes with our cordless phone . So anytime the phone rings or you call out , the monitor beeps and loses it 's signal . Other times , it will have a perfect signal for hours and suddenly lose the signal , without moving the receiver and wo n't pick it back up . Forget trying to take it outside , not a chance . I thought it was our house , but on several vacations , we have had the same experience.This monitor would be perfect , if only I could get a signal ! This problem makes it pretty worthless and a fabulous waste of money .
 We bought this at the suggestion of a friend , and we liked it from the beginning . It is very easy to use , and it picked up every sound from the nursery . After a few days of use , this proved to be more of a bad thing than good . Every time our baby even rolls over in the crib , we can hear the rustling of the sheets . And even at the lowest volume setting , the bright lights flash and wake us up.After 8 months , both parent units are crackling with interference on a constant basis . And they both lose their signal from the transmitter and start beeping incessantly even when they are only one room away.We are looking to buy a new monitor now . This one is now unacceptable .
 I am so unhappy and fustrated with these monitors . The battery only lasts about 5 hours off the charging base so I ca n't make it through the whole night without it beeping due to low battery . And it does n't just beep once - it beeps and beeps and beeps until you do something about it . I have to keep it on the charger all night so it does n't go out . There is tons of static and extra noise . Also , the belt clip is not tight - the monitor always falls off of my belt if I bend down to much . Just super dissapointed with these monitors - ABSOLUTELY NOT worth its big price tag !! Please look elsewhere - DO NOT recommend !!
 1 -RRB- Like others here , my charges do not last more than 5 hours . The beeping from the parent unit WILL wake you at about 3am every night -LRB- unless you leave them on the charger -RRB- .2 -RRB- Both of my parent units now -LRB- after only two weeks of minor useage -RRB- refuse to connect with the nursery unit , beeping endlessly . `` Cycling '' them on and off per the prescribed -LRB- though not well detailed -RRB- manufacturer 's trouble-shooting method has done nothing . Only logical conclusion
 I have never written a review , but in this case , I feel compelled to do so . I purchased the iMonitor last week as an upgrade to a Safety 1st dual monitor , for no other reason than I was tired of the interference . I was excited to learn of the digital technology , and once I got it home , I was anxious to try it . After a few nights trying it out , I was equally as anxious to return it and get my money back ... let me explain : To begin with , before you buy , please be aware that the lights and sound are awfully bright and loud , which was troublesome since I am a light sleeper . I would have been able to deal with it , but there are other problems as well ... there are ` clicks ' and ` crackles ' that are intermittent , and , like I said before , not good for a light sleeper.The final straw was on the fourth night the parent receivers lost contact with the base -- I spent a half hour resetting it , reconfiguring the layout , powering on/off -- all to no avail . It kept beeping ` Out of Range ' -- I was only 10 feet from the monitor at the time . Absolutely unacceptable.In all fairness , we do have a lot of gadgets that are wireless and may have been competing with the monitor , but that is n't an excuse . . it says ` Crystal Clear Clarity ' and ' 2000 foot range ' , but this is not , I repeat , NOT the case.So , I packed it back up and went into Babies R Us to return it ... here 's the kicker
 If you want to sleep through the night or during the night do NOT buy this Graco imonitor Digital Baby Monitor . It beeps LOUDLY when you adjust the volume . So , if you think you hear a noise during the night and want to turn the monitor up to listen to the noise it will BEEP BEEP loudly each time you turn the volume up or down . With different BEEPS ... one tone for adjusting the volume and a different LOUDER tone -LRB- consisting of FOUR beeps -RRB- when it temporarily loses contact after adjusting the volume . What the HECK !!??!! What crazy person designed this ? Save your money -LRB- and your sleep -RRB- and buy something else .
 We received this graco digital monitor set for a baby shower gift . When it works , it is very clear . Most of the time it 's annoying.We 've suffered through it losing connection and beeping extremely loudly . It would be fine if we were pushing the limits of the range , but one room over it loses connection and reconnects twice an hour without being moved or touched.In addition to the annoying beeping from disconnects , there are static pops , most likely from power line interfereance . If you want true clarity with this device you may have to keep it on battery or use a power filter in front of each plug.Such a waste of money - we ended up turning it off and leaving all of the doors open to listen for the baby . Our child sleeps through the night without event but the bleeping baby monitor wakes us up every other hour with incessant crackling and beeping . We 're awake while our baby is peacefully sleeping.We decided to buy the Philips SCD590 DECT based monitor that costs twice as much to replace this . It was money well spent . We 'll give up eating out for two months to get non-interrupted sleep . Our child sleeps like a baby . . we want to as well.Don ' t buy this product -- it 's not worth the frustration and annoyance .
 I bought this monitor based on the other reviews of this product but found that I was not getting a good night sleep because of it . The static sound can be decreased by turning the volume down and yet I could still hear my daughter when she awoke . I 'm not a heavy sleeper so the volume being turned down was not really a problem but I will say that my old $ 16.00 monitor that I bought in 2001 has better sound quality without the constant static . The loud click that occurred without any apparent reason -LRB- unrelated to use of cordless phones , time of day with neighbors using phones , etc -RRB- was not affected by the volume being turned down and could not be decreased nor eliminated based on position within my home . My cellphone and cordless phones being turned off did not help with the clicking either . The clicking was loud enough to wake my husband who is deaf in one ear and could sleep through almost all alarm clocks , phones ringing , or children screaming in the house . So this did nothing for my ability to sleep through the night . I am returning this monitor because it seems silly to keep something that will wake me throughout the night when my daughter sleeps throughout the night . This one may work for other households but not for mine .
 I bought this monitor from amazon six months ago . The rechargeable aspect never worked well . Now the receiver no longer works . My old monitor from safety first worked for 4 years !!!
 I have 2 of these monitors . We received the first one as a shower gift and loved it . The sound quality was great . We did n't use the pre-recorded/music option , we just liked the lights and sound quality . It lasted approximately 4 months before it just stopped working for no apparent reason . I figured something must have happened to it -LRB- like it was a lemon -RRB- , so I purchased another one and it lasted 2 1/2 months before it just stopped working . It was on and I could hear the baby fine , then all of a sudden , there was static . Nothing we have done for 2 days now has made it work . I have a back up monitor -LRB- Fisher Price Dual Private Connection -RRB- that we normally use for travel -LRB- because we are n't too happy with the sound quality -RRB- that we are using now , but I would n't recommend it either .
 I wanted to love this product but I could n't . It 's bulky since the ice pack is built into the cooler . Like other reviewer says , you have to put this whole thing in the freeze . So , it 's big and cumbersome -LRB- can not fit into a diaper bag really -RRB- and holds very little . Good concept since it does stay cold for a long time but just not efficient .
 Only fits for two bottles . I use it for night time storage . I do n't feel it actually last for 12 hours . I put 2 bottles in the bag around 9-10PM each night . I usually warming the last bottle around 4AM each morning . I always hear watery sound , when I take the last bottle out of the bag . I guess the ice pack is already melted by then . This is inside a house with air conditioner on . I would n't recommend it , if you are planning to use it while traveling in a hot car or in a hot day outside .
 With an overseas trip planned and after reading all the positive reviews , I was excited to give this a try . I wanted to ensure that my breastmilk will get to our destination with no worries of temperature issues so I experimented with
 I have a few issues with this piece of equipment . I bought it to carry our baby 's Playtex bottle with us when we needed to travel . The first complaint I have about it is that on the second time I went to use it , the zipper snapped right off . Now , it only has one zipper - verses some products that give you the double zipper for convenience or in case one breaks . So that left me coming up with a quick fix before running out the door . The second thing that left much to be desired was the fact that the ice packs are sewn in , which means you have to put the whole cooler in the freezer . This means you either have to put it in a plastic bag to keep outside germs away from your freezer , or you have to clean it off before putting it next to the frozen food . This product fell way below my expectations - especially for Playtex brand . I would not recommend this for anyone .
 You have to put the whole cooler in the freezer ... Who has room in their freezer/fridge for that ? There is room for 2 large bottles , but i think it would be better to just buy a lunch bag and use it with removable freezer packs that take up less space .
 My husband and I looked into buying this for our vacation . While it looked good , it just seemed like a lot more gear we were bringing with us ! Something we were trying to avoid!Yes , it 's a car seat , but then you have the wheels attached and the handle , etc. . We just wanted to make our trip -LRB- & life -RRB- easier . We found the TOTEaTOT . It serves the same purpose , but I think it 's better . It 's two straps , with a built-in backpack , that attaches your child 's car seat to your suitcase with wheels which we use as a carry-on . It 's a fraction of the price ! Just $ 25 . And so much less gear to bring , and we used the backpack once we got to our destination . www.toteatot.com
 Despite the description on Amazon , this stroller does not fit down the aisle in coach . Standard aisle width is 17 '' and this thing is wider . You need to actually carry it over the seats and heads of all the other passengers , in my case with my child still strapped into it with my carry on bag over my shoulder . The manufacturer apparently makes no claim on their website that it fits down an airplane aisle , neither do they tell you how wide it is . I do n't know why the description on Amazon says it fits . Do not buy this if you want to roll it down the aisle of an airplane .
 At 6 months old our son grew out of his travel system car seat . Since we travel a lot , we thought the 5 in 1 travel system would be just great . The conversion from car seat to stroller works well empty , however as soon as we put our 9 month old who weighs 21 pounds in the seat , the conversion was extremely difficult . The manufactor says it can be used up until 40 pounds ... no way .
 I found the product highly unsafe as a stroller . The handle is very flimsy , and is not strong enough to control the direction of the stroller . Also the wheels do not lock properly and safely . Its ok as a car seat but as a stroller has a lot to improve .
 ** READ THIS BEFORE YOU PLAN ON BUYING THE SIT N STROLL *** Disfunctions * `` Sit N Stroll Car Seat ''
 This is not for everyday use . It was a little heavy for me . Especially while trying to convert it into a stroller while my baby was in it . As he grew I would make him get off to convert it which defeated the purpose of the carseat/stroller combination . The handle does n't feel sturdy enough . After a while I used it just as a car seat and used a separate stoller.I can see how this would be useful for the frequent travellers .
 It 's a shame , this is an otherwise a great product . However , unlike regular car seats that strap into a car from the back so that you can leave the car seat in a car and take the baby in and out without much trouble , this seat requires the seatbelt to strap OVER the baby ! This is not only uncomfortable for the child , but a hassle because the seatbelt has to be undone and redone each time you get out of the car or every time you take the child out of the seat in the airplane . This may not seem like a big deal , but reaching over the child every time to find the buckle can be difficult and time consuming , and very uncomfortable to the child . I will not use this car seat again , I am very disappointed .
 I purchased the Sit & Stroll when we took our 11-month old to Hawaii . It was awesome in the airport . Very convenient to get the baby from the car and to the plane , and very convenient to be able to install the seat on the plane.However , once we got off the plane , it got annoying . The seat was difficult to install with a seatbelt -LRB- much better with LATCH -RRB- . But the part that was really annoying was that the straps that secure the seat to the car go OVER the baby . This means that you ca n't easily leave the seat in the car and just take the baby in and out of it.If I was making this purchase again , I would purchase a dolly/cart thing for my Britax car seat and just take that.The concept is great , but practice is klunky .
 This is a horrible product , especially for use as a carseat !!! It is impossible to understand the manual and as far as installing it into a vehicle , forget about it . I would n't recomment this to anyone . Use your own carseat . It is much safer . The manufacturer has a lot of work to do to make this a good car seat . The stroller and airplane function may be the only safe way to use this item .
 I received this as a gift from my sister who saw someone use it and thought `` How convenient ! '' . It is n't . I used the regular infant car seat since my baby was born prematurely and this product was too large . The first time I used it was when going on a trip to Texas . Although we did n't have to take a stroller AND a car seat , it was too bulky when wheeling through museums and streets . It just did n't stroll that well . Secondly putting my 8 month old baby back in the car while seated , about 30lb , took a toll on my back . From then on , I 'd have to take my baby out , place her in front seat , take the car seat out , convert it into a stroller , then take the baby from the front seat -LRB- if she has n't fallen from it already and crying -RRB- , then strap her to the stroller . Does n't that take away from the advertised convenience ? Now I only use it as a car seat and even as a solo functioning item , it 's horrible . I have to use the 5 point strap AND the car buckle every time . If you have time to see their manual , please flip to the illustration of a buckled up kid . She/he can not move arms when in front-view position . Since my baby is only 1 , the car belt comes to her neckline . I ca n't believe this passed the safety standard .
 It seems like a good idea . It did come in handy in the airport to be able to use it as a stroller and then a carseat on the plane . Also make sure to have the manual handy because our flight attendants had never seen one like that before and were going to not let us use it . But luckily we had our manual so they could read that it was FAA approved.These are the negatives . Transforming it back and forth from stroller to car seat is not as easy as they make it look . Both my husband and I hurt our backs using it for a week on our vacation . Especially tranforming it from carseat to stroller s a pain . Because the movement is not natural for your body and you are holding a carseat with a baby in it . You have to hold the entire weight with one hand and push down and squeeze on a lever pretty hard with your other hand . You end up scraping your arms and hurting your back . What helped was lifting one leg perpendicular to help support the weight of the seat and baby and balancing all this on just one leg while you push down with your other hand . But you can imagine this is pretty awkward.It was also really hard to install the carseat to be as tight as we wanted it to be in the rear facing direction . And it seemed like no matter how hard we struggled to get it installed tight enough , the carseat could still be pushed over an inch , which is what the manual said was the measure of how tight it should be . And on top of this , you kind of have to install it with your baby already in the seat in the car and that complicates it more with you struggling and pushing in 90 degree weather while your baby is sitting there and getting impatient and also restricting your movement while you are already in a cramped uncomfortable position in the backseat.It was also really hard to tighten the restraint tight enough on our baby 's body . There was a certain point where you could n't tighten it any further and it just did n't seem tight enough for our 14 month old . Also pulling on the strap to tighten the restraint does not work well because there are so many contraptions underneath the seat because of the wheels , that the strap gets stuck on things down there and it requires you sticking your other hand down there and feeding the strap through so it can be tightened . And this is not easy . It 's cramped down there so your hand does not fit well.Though it was convenient in the airport , for the rest of the trip it 's only worth it if you are going to be using it mostly as a carseat or mostly as a stroller so you do n't have to be constantly installing it and unistalling it in the car or if you wo n't be travelling or moving around that much on your trip . We kept doing it because we had spent the money on it already and really wanted to get our money 's worth and wanted to like it , but it ended with us both hurting our backs.I tried really hard to like it , but I have to say it was n't really worth it for us . It probably would have been better to just get a separate cheaper car seat and a really cheap lightweight portable stroller .
 I share the same experience with one of the reviewers . Because of its design , in order to safely use this seat , the belt has to go over the baby where hooks on the handsets are . It makes it very difficult to get the baby in and out of the seat . I understand you can unhook it , but then it takes that much longer to secure it again and the less we need to redo it , the better it is , especially if you have more than one child to tend to or if you have a lot in your hands.Anyway , even with the use of the belt over the seat , it is still unstable . It flops around . I can only imagine if the car gets hit by another car , this seat will not be able to stay put and therefore will fail to protect the child , which totally defeats the purpose of having a car seat.The headrest if useless . It is awkward and does n't fit any size of the baby 's head . My son 's head just bobbles around it and it hurts to see him sleep slumping over the shoulder straps . The overall cushioning feels very cheap as well . It is not very thick like most other car seats , even compared to the less expensive ones.It is admirable that someone invented something that is supposed to be multi-functional and intended to make the lives of the parents ' easier . However , when you try to be so many things at once , you will end up not good at either one of them . I would rather pay for the hefty shipping cost -- I am returning this seat for sure , after using it painfully for a week and giving it a reasonable `` benefit of the doubt . '' I am just tired of it .
 My husband and I bought this car seat before our son was born . He is now 3 months old and we 're looking for another car seat . The problem is that the angle is too steep for a young baby . My son 's head falls forward until his chin is resting on his chest , and his head bobs whenever the car goes over a small bump . The head support pillow only forces his head further forward.We 've tried putting towels and foam pads under the seat , to make it recline back further , but this makes the seat less stable . We hoped that once our son was a little older , he could hold his head up , but I think that in an accident , he would end up with a neck injury from his head jerking around.I 've finally decided to simply buy a different seat , and I 've found that most seats have a gentler angle and many allow you to adjust how far back the seat tilts . Also , many car seats allow you to adjust how high the shoulder straps go . The Sit N Stroll does not have adjustable shoulder straps . At three months , they already dig into my son 's neck.On the other hand , the Sit N Stroll does convert very easily into a stroller , and it 's well-padded and more compact than many other seats . Unfortunately , I just do n't think it 's safe for a younger infant . I hope to give it another try when my son is 9 or 10 months old .
 The whole reason I bought this because I was travelling through O'Hare from Denver-Virginia by myself with my son who was 7 months at the time . I wanted easy one-handed operated stroller that would be no trouble in/out of security , gate-check , around airport , etc. . And for this purpose , it was great ! However , when it came time to install it in the car , my father almost had a heart attack trying to get it strapped in . It just never felt secure . I had read other reviewers complaining it did n't seem safe , but figured we could get it to fit securely . Nope . And he was still rear facing and completley squooshed up , and he was a small baby . So , we used it once for that trip and never again . Instead , we bought a back-pack that holds his regular car seats as well as other stuff , and that works great for getting around the airport with an umbrella stroller . This car seat is a great theory and maybe since a year and a half ago , they figured out a better way to strap it in the car more safely .
 What the manufacturers do n't tell you -LRB- and the impossible-to-decipher instructions leave out -RRB- is that to install the Sit 'n' Stroll into a car , the child must already be strapped into the seat with the shoulder harnesses . This is because the straps that are supposed to attached to the car 's lower seat anchors -LRB- if you choose to use them -RRB- as well as the vehicle 's own lap/shoulder belt mechanism secure and tighten by wrapping OVER the TOP of the seat -LRB- i.e. , over the child -RRB- , rather than through slots underneath the child , as in most better-made seats -LRB- i.e. , Graco , Britax , etc. -RRB- . Anyone who 's ever installed a child seat knows that it must be sunk down tightly into the car seat to prevent it from moving or rocking side to side - and it is virtually impossible to place your weight on the seat to tighten it when a child is sitting in it ! This creates a potentially serious safety issue . Do n't believe it ? The vague drawings in the instruction manual -LRB- available on the company 's web site -RRB- show the belts wrapping over the child , and the instruction manual says nothing about how the child must be in the seat first . When I called their customer service line to clarify this , the woman I spoke with confirmed somewhat sheepishly that yes , the child did need to be in the seat prior to its being secured in the car . When I asked how they expected the customer to push the seat down to secure it , she had no good answer , instead suggesting that I just push down on the arms . That 's not good enough , folks . Now comes the SECOND PROBLEM
 Just look at the user guide menu . You will not want to strap your baby down like the way they present in the menu . I do n't think any baby can feel comfortable with all the strapping over their shoulder and another strap around the baby seat itself . It 's just dumb.Unless you want to pay $ 250 for a stroller only .
 Make sure that you really want to buy this product . To return it they make you pay the shipment which is ok , but also 25 % , yes people 25 % of the product . So do you want to pay 30 $ plus in this case over 60 $ ???? Will be more than 90 $ ... . i do n't even know if is legal . So i am not return it in this situation .
 This travel system is a good idea . However a wheel broke off on our 2nd flight , probably due to baggage handlers , so would not buy this product again .
 When I received my sit 'n stroll there was a RAZOR BLADE right on the seat . When I emailed the company I got no response till my 2nd email . I then found that it would not stay locked . I called Lilly Gold for advice . The woman convinced me it just needed to be open and closed many times . I thought it had started locking and did not return by Amazons return date . When on our first trip the wheels started unlocking again I became nervous we had a faulty seat . I called the company and they kept telling me I was using it wrong . However , I had used a friend ' sit 'n stroll for two previous trips with no problems . I explained this and my fear of trusting my child 's life in this seat since it had been received with a razor blade , not to mention the frustration of the wheels constantly collapsing . All the company would do was say if you return it we will look at it . Based on their prior response I did not think it was worth spending over $ 100 -LRB- to ship back such a large heavy item -RRB- for Lily Gold to do nothing , as has been there response through out my complaints . There concept is good , but it is a heavy wobbly construction , they have pathetic customer service and they do not stand by their product .
 I purchased this seat in hopes of using for my daughter 's every day car seat and also for taking it on airplane trips . We ran across a number of complications :1 -RRB- When she was born , the nurse at the hospital would n't allow us to leave with this seat because my daughter was too tiny for it so we had to go out and purchase an infant car seat . Do n't expect to put your newborn in this seat .2 -RRB- Once she was big enough to use the seat , we took it to the car seat installation clinic at the hospital . These are professional people who are trained to install car seats properly . They could n't get this seat to install safely in either of our vehicles because of the method it uses to attach to the car and the hard plastic -LRB- slippery -RRB- base that covers the wheels when they 're retracted . There was just too much wiggle room no matter how tight we pulled the straps to attach the seat . I decided to put this seat in my husband 's car -LRB- he drives her 1-2x week only a short distance -RRB- and purchase a traditional convertible seat for my car .3 -RRB- It 's really difficult to get the kid in and out of the seat because there is a strap across their lap that you have to slide the kid under to get her in and out .4 -RRB- The seat was very convenient for taking my daughter on airplane trips . I took it three times with just me and her , no helpers , and it made it nice and easy for getting through security and I could check it at the gate and not worry about having so many pieces of luggage -LRB- car seat , stroller , plus giant suitcase -RRB- This is the only reason I 'm giving it two stars instead of one . The problem in traveling came on the third and last airplane trip this seat took with us . I had gate-checked the seat with the wheels and handle retracted and the plastic shield protecting the wheels broke in transit , rendering the seat unsafe to be used in the car . The airlines replaced the seat with a much cheaper traditional convertible seat which was good enough to get us home but did n't have the functionality of the Sit & Stroll . I called the manufacturer to ask if I could purchase a replacement part and they said that not only was the seat not under warranty after less than a year of use , the part that broke was not a replaceable part so I was left with an expensive heap of garbage.Bottom line is , if you get this DO NOT check it into the cargo hold ! Wait to use it until your child is old enough that they need their own seat and use it on the airplane . It 's too rickety to survive the luggage compartment .
 while this product is extremely difficult to use , it is the best thing i 've found for air travel . its very difficult to convert from car seat to stroller with your infant in it -LRB- and imagaine trying to get your - walking - 17 month old to stay put in an airport while you struggle to open the stroller function on this behemoth -RRB- . i 've always had to rely on the kindness of strangers to help with the conversions . it also wo n't fit down the aisle of an airplane - for moms -LRB- or dads -RRB- traveling alone , this is a major problem ... you need to carry your child , your carry-on and this oversized car seat -LRB- holding it ABOVE people 's heads so as not to shoulder check them with it -RRB- . Though i complain -LRB- for good reason -RRB- , it is , unfortunately , the best thing i 've found for air travel . p.s. be careful - you must hear the wheels CLICK to make sure the stroller function is working correctly . i have had the stroller collapse on the ground several times after going over small cracks , etc. ... once almost hurting my daughter in the process .
 This product was terrible . First and foremost this seat did NOT fit on American Airlines Business Class seats ! Secondly , the rear facing car seat tilts so far forward that your baby is falling forward agains the harness and if they fall asleep their face is pressing against the seat belt . The wheel covers fell off the first time I used it . The stroller is a piece of junk . When I called the company to explain my problems they never even called me back , so on top of it all they have a horrible product and terribel customer service to match . Do not buy .
 Sure it 's ok for travel but we had trouble lugging it through airport security . We had trouble folding it up every time as the wheels would get stuck . You need to be strong to lift this thing out of a car and forget about folding it with a child inside . The wheel covers finally broke off and only then could it be folded easily . The handle is very flimsy and does not extend high enough for a person who is 5 ' 10 '' . If you 're tall you will be hunched over trying to push this thing . It does not roll smoothly on carpeted areas and tends to wander so you are constantly trying to steer this thing with a flimsy handle . You will be totally worn out after using this .
 Within a year of using this stroller a metal bar completely broke off of the bottom which helped attach the front seat belt . From use it has become very difficult to push . My children are not even that big for it to have worn out so fast ! Not good for long term or extensive use . It really is very , very difficult to push on regular flat surfaces for even a very short period of time .
 My wife read all of the reviews for this stroller prior to the birth of our second child and decided to purchase this stroller online . It is , by far , the worst stroller that I have ever used . The dimensions are such that it is rather tall and skinny so it has a tendency to be difficult to turn when you want to , but driveway slopes tend to force you down into the street if you are not holding on very tightly . As far as looks , ease of folding , and overall features are concerned , it is a fine product . I am a healthy 34-year old dad who finds this really difficult to maneuver . I would n't even think of trying to take it to a crowded place or store . Who knows , maybe I just got a dud , but I would recommend trying this out at a store before purchasing .
 We did some serious research before picking up this stroller for our 3 1/2 year old son and new born daughter . All of the reviews made it seem like the perfect fit for what we were looking for . We selected the product because of the light weight of the product and the reviews but once we recieved the product at home and tried it out it was clear that it would not work for us and we ultimately returned it before ever taking it out of the house . Here was the problem for us . Once the baby car seat is installed there is not enough room for our 3 1/2 year old to sit comfortably on the step . He litterally had to lean forward because the front seat has to be fully reclined to support the car seat . The benh seat does shift backwards but the foot rest for the back seat does not so his feet were behind him . `` Mommy I am not comfortable '' came out in the first 30 seconds of sitting on the stroller . This was a huge disappointment to us . The Product was beautifully constructed , was very light , has a sharp modern look to it , rides well , and folds easily but if you are in a situation to have to use the car seat with a toddler that wants to sit down I do not recommend it . Hope this helps
 I spent a few weeks researching tandem strollers and finally settled on the Joovy Caboose Ultralight . I was very disappointed when it arrived . I used it for a couple of weeks before finally selling it on craigslist , taking a loss , because there are a couple of huge design flaws that I could n't live with . I then bought the Baby Trend Sit n Stand LX and love it . First of all , it is about $ 100 cheaper than the Joovy , and , in this case at least , more expensive certainly does not mean better.I have a 4-year-old and a 2-month-old . I knew that my 4-year-old would want to walk on outings but hop on a stroller when she got tired . I also knew that I 'd be using the infant carseat with the stroller for at least four more months with my infant son.There are three things about the Joovy that I preferred to the Sit n Stand -LRB- minor things that are not deal breakers by any means -RRB- :1 . The Joovy is lighter -LRB- by about four pounds -RRB- , so it is slightly easier to turn and maneuver than the Sit n Stand ; its wheels also seem to roll a little more smoothly . However , the maneuverability comes at the sacrifice of function -LRB- more about this later -RRB- .2 . The Joovy neoprene parent organized has a ton of space for keys , wallet , and phone and is very functional . The Sit n Stand parent organizer is a hard shell ; it has room for two smaller water bottles , which is great , but neither my keys nor my BlackBerry will fit in the middle closed compartment , thus rendering it nearly useless - it 's just too small to be functional .3 . The oversized canopy on the Joovy covers both kids , which is nice on a very hot and sunny day or in case you get caught in a rainstorm . However , the canopy is also bulky and a little cumbersome ; when you do n't need it fully open , it gets in the way.That being said , there are many things I prefer about the Sit n Stand :1 . The Sit n Stand is a little lower to the ground and thus feels more stable when moving .2 . The Sit n Stand has a carseat attachment that you can snap the infant carrier into . The Joovy Caboose attachment is really a tray that the infant carrier sits ON TOP OF ; it does NOT snap in , something Joovy obviously does not advertise because it 's very cumbersome and annoying . To secure the infant carrier on the Joovy , you have to strap it in with an ugly red strap ; even with the strap , the infant carrier sits awkwardly on top of the tray and does n't feel like it 's secure . In the instruction booklet , Joovy actually advises that parents check the carrier every few minutes to make sure the strap that holds it attached to the stroller is n't loose . The Sit n Stand attachment is awesome - the carrier snaps right in and is tight and secure in the front seat of the stroller .3 . The Joovy basket is very small and hard to get into . I could barely get my purse in there , much less a diaper bag . The Sit n Stand basket is larger and has snaps on the side that you can open , thus making the basket easily accessible and usable .4 . The Sit n Stand can be folded with one hand ; the Joovy can not .5 . The Sit n Stand actually folds smaller than the Joovy . It 's a bit thicker when folded but significantly shorter , so it will fit in all trunks . The Joovy is VERY tall when folded and would n't fit in the trunk of my friend 's Honda .6 . The front seat on the Joovy is very shallow , only 8 inches . The depth of the Sit n Stand front seat is about 10 inches , making it much more functional for older kids . I could see my son , who 's average size , outgrowing the Joovy seat by the time he 's 18-months-old . He 'll be able to use the Sit n Stand much longer .7 . The Sit n Stand has a removable kid tray that easily snaps off with one hand . Once the younger child is older and bigger , it 's easy to remove him/her from the stroller without lifting him/her over the top of the tray . The Joovy tray is very difficult to remove -LRB- I actually could n't do it ; my husband had to do it for me -RRB- .8 . However , the most obnoxious thing about the Joovy , and the main reason I traded it for the Sit n Stand , is that the back toddler bench seat is very small and moves/slides all the time , which is annoying and distracting for the kid AND the parent . Also , when the front seat is reclined -LRB- necessary to hold the infant carrier and for a younger child or a child who still naps during the day -RRB- , it reclines halfway INTO the back bench seat , taking up about half the room of an already small seat . The older child then either has to stand -LRB- not great on long trips -RRB- or sit hunched forward with his/her feet awkwardly curled behind . This is a pretty big design flaw that I could not overlook . It makes the back seat essentially useless unless the front seat is not reclined . The Sit n Stand back bench seat is slightly larger , and the front seat , even when reclined , does not get in the way of the bench seat . The older child can thus sit comfortably upright even with the front seat inclined . The standing platform on the Sit n Stand is also larger and has a strap that you can buckle behind the child that the child can use for back support ; the Joovy does n't have this.Considering the above , the Sit n Stand LX is the hands-down winner . For nearly half the price , you get a much better , more functional stroller . Had I `` test driven '' both , I never would have bought the Joovy Caboose Ultralight . I think the Joovy looks kind of funky and trendy , so people fall for it , but it 's a poorly thought-out stroller that is terribly overhyped .
 I hope to give a balanced review . You can already see that the vast majority of 4 and 5 star reviewers think this is the best thing since sliced bread and nothing but not stop raves ! But there are definitely some shortcomings to this Joovy product . But one warning before you keep reading , due to our living situation -LRB- foreign country off the beaten track -RRB- we were n't able to test out a lot of other makes and models so we relied on reviews alone for our purchase . So when people do rave about the ultralight compared to other products , I ca n't comment on that since we have nothing to compare to , so maybe in comparison to those other product the Ultralight IS the best one out there - but it 's still not perfect and definitely has design flaws that could be improved.POSITIVES
 I bought this stroller when I was expecting my second son . My older son was 3 at the time . After having it for less than 1 year it has completely fallen apart . I have to hold the hinges together with cable ties which frequently break . I would NOT recommend this to anyone who has a son -LRB- or daughter -RRB- who can get out of the back seat on their own . This was obviously not design for typical wear and tear . I still have my single seat Graco and it is great condition .
 In theory this stroller was great ... but then I got it and all heck broke loose !! First of all , if you are using a car seat in the front it pushes the seat back so far that the toddler has to arch their back to sit down -LRB- my son is only two and a half -RRB- . Second , my toddler 's feet could touch the ground . This meant that I had to be really careful backing up b/c I could catch the back of his feeton the stroller . Also , when I would stop , he would pedal the stroller away with my six week old in it . When I put the locks on he could just bend over and take the locks off -LRB- even when he was strapped in -RRB- . And he liked to put his feet on the wheels while I was pushing.Third , if he was standing he wanted to face me , but the platform only allows them to face forward . If he did face forward he was poking at the baby the whole time , and then he figured out that he could turn around and grab the bar where my hands were and pick up his feet and hang there -- very dangerous as the stroller could flip if the baby and car seat were not in it.Fourth , because he faced the back when sitting on the seat , my son could n't see anything , which was boring for him and led him to find mischief -- like unlocking the brakes or dragging his feet.I really wanted this stroller to be great and was sad that I had to take it back , but it was n't worth the headache ! I thought for the price it would have been better . This is all stuff that I wish someone would have told me before I bought it !!
 Be extra sure you want this before ordering as it is difficult to return . We tried to find this in a store and could not find it anywhere so we could not test it out in person , and we ordered from Amazon . After receiving it we realized it was not really what we were looking for -LRB- although it seemed like a well built , quality product -RRB- so we initiated the return process with Joovy . TWO MONTHS LATER we finally received our refund . Joovy customer service is extremely unorganized . Basically everything they told us was wrong and had to be re-done . They lost our return , they could not find our order , they could not find our receipt , they dragged their feet and were in no hurry to help , one thing after another , they kept saying one thing then another , a complete nightmare . We ended up purchasing theEddie Bauer All-Terrain Tandem Stroller Bryant Collectionand we love it . It is less expensive , more flexible , carries more , and the rear seat folds down horizontal so our infant can sleep . The one drawback is that it is heavier . P.S. Amazon customer service in handling this return was outstanding , 5 stars .
 My wife and I have used this stroller now for about six months and are satisfied . Our children are four years and 15 months exactly . This troller would be perfect if just two items were improved upon :1 . The sun shade is much too small to cover the front and back passengers simultaneously . We had to use a separetly bought shade to provide the proper sun coverage .2 . The main steel frame work can be a bit wobbly and unstable on rougher terrain , i.e. up curbs and non-cemeted areas . The frame work holds but feels as though the stroller bars are on the verge of bending.Minus the two improvements and the stroller is top notch.Would I buy again ? Yes , BUT only for light use.Addendum : My original review is unedited above . Would I buy again ? My answer now would be NO . The frame work is woefully weak even with just one child in the stroller . Turning on drive way dips are challenging and moving up sidewalk curbs a chore . I would have chosen a more sturdy stroller to push two children .
 Allow me to clarify , if you own a minivan , use this in malls and stores - its fantastic!HOWEVERIt does not travel well or handle any kind of non perfect terrain well . It took some small damage on our very first airplane trip . Every flight it got a little more beat up.We are on buisness assignment outside the US , I thought this would answer my needs as I have a 1 and 3 yr old and alot of walking is required here . However , the sidewalks are not always perfect , sometimes you must maneuver on non paved surfaces , the front wheels do not handle this well.It alwasy felt like the wheels were about to break.Also , if you are going to be putting this into a rental , make sure the trunk is larger than a mazda3 . Getting this in and out was HELL . Because of the rigid shade on top , there is no give and it makes the stroller longer than most.Finally , the foot rest broke on it , my sons feet almsot were dragging on the ground . The stroller withstood about 6 months , then i had to replace it with the peg . The peg is sturdier and more compact . My daughter does fine standing on the stand in the back . -LRB- she is almsot 4 -RRB-
 I was swayed by the Joovy Caboose 's sleek looks and narrow profile but now have serious buyer 's remorse . Unfortuately the only positive to come from this purchase was the knowledge of what I need in a double stroller - all features absent on this model.First of all , and most importantly , neither the 3 yr old nor the 15 mo old are comfortable riding in this and there is no possible way either could fall asleep in this stroller . Even the front seat , the more `` comfortable '' of the two , does not recline worth a darn -LRB- which makes sense as the back `` seat '' passenger would be folded in half were one to try -RRB- . I knew this going into it , however did not apppreciate the importance of having two seats that can accomodate sleepy travellers.The back `` seat '' slides around constantly . There must be a way to keep this still but I 've tried every configuration of the 2 snaps that are presumably there to to this and nothing has worked . I spend 80 % of my time re-adjusting Big Sister 's seat.The back passenger 's feet WILL end up getting twisted underneath the stroller at some point . I have a child in the 10th percentile for height and weight and even she can not avoid this happening.For being un `` ultralight '' this feels remarkably heavy and awkward . You WILL end up making a spectacle of yourself trying to navigate this stroller in tight spaces -LRB- ie the pediatrician 's waiting room -RRB- . Prepare to be humiliated.The footrest of the front seat routinely gets stuck in the upright position . Now that little sister is not so little this is a big pain.I have had to stifle many an f-bomb during the process of folding and unfolding this stroller . Fortunately we have a vehicle large enough to haul it whole if -LRB- when -RRB- I just ca n't make it collapse . This happens more often than it should . I barely take it out anymore because it 's just not worth the trouble.All in all , this `` bargain '' of a double stroller cost me plenty since I now have to replace it with something more appropriate for our needs . It looks great in our basement , though . That sage green really livens up the otherwise dreary decor .
 We did not like it this item at all , do n't get me wrong the neck support infant was not for are little one . If you have a baby that does not like the carsite and does not like this around there neck then this item is not for you . That way this item did not work for us . Our daughter hated the car site , and did not like nothing around her neck . If you do n't have a promblems with that you should buy this . I giving this a one because this was not for us .
 The bed arrived with dents and scratches . The box was barely holding together when it arrived so the packing was terrible . It could n't take the abuse UPS put it through . Metal parts for the drawers were bent and we will have to replace . So it came from the factory with problems . We were so excited to get the bed for our daughter and it turned into dissappointment at the quality .
 all of the dispensers are too big to even get into a medicine bottle nevermind my newborn sons mouth . maybe meant for toddlers .
 At least it was semi-cheap . I had hopes for the soft-tipped dispenser -- that our 8 month old might suck the meds out better than through a syringe and eliminate drooling half the meds away -- but he would n't latch onto it -- it is n't actually very soft . Also , we dose 2ml and it is such a huge dispenser that it ca n't be very accurate at 2mls . I also had hopes for the bottle shaped one , but it is way too huge for 2mls . For something like gripe water or tummy soother it works much better at his dose of 1.5 tsp . However , I was disappointed to find that unlike traditional screw on bottle tops , it snaps on and off and is difficult to do . I like the eyedropper syringe the best , but the markings are so light they are very difficult to read , especially inside a medicine bottle -LRB- I used a sharpie to mark 2mls -RRB- and also it is quite large for a 2ml dose so I do n't think it is very accurate . The other parts I have n't used and I honestly do n't understand what the ear piece is even for .
 This medical kit is very cheap . I tried using the dropper , and it was terrible . I threw everything away after realizing they were not worth keeping .
 the measurements where not clearly marked and very hard to read . I was very disappointed by that . my child does like the soft tip of the dropers .
 After typing this review , I am going to spend the next 30 minutes trying to get blood out of my carpet . My 6 year old somehow toppled this gate and ended up with a bloody nose - it 's a remarkably heavy gate . Yesterday we installed the gate , and it fell on my 3 year old as she tried to `` pull up '' the door to open it -LRB- which is required in order to swing open the door -RRB- . Thank goodness it did n't fall on my 10 month old ! We chose this gate because we needed something our two other children could open and close . Not only could my 3 not open it -LRB- it was too complicated -RRB- , I had trouble lifting the door - it usually took two hands ... . So , after cleaning up the blood on the carpet , I 'll be throwing this hunk of junk back into the box to return to the store tomorrow .
 Though it is a beautiful looking stroller , and a very smooth ride , this product is definetly not worth the money . It is extremely heavy and does n't fold very well . Seat must be taken out completely or facing forward in order for it to fold . The wheels are very far apart and do n't go through doors of many stores and isles . The sun canopy does n't cover very much and I often have to add a sheet of some sort to cover my baby 's eyes from the sun.If you live in a city , definetly do n't get this stroller-bad in small spaces , does n't collapse easily , when folded it is very big and takes up a lot of space , and very heavy.Pros-comfortable seat and smooth ride
 This is a 3-star stroller , maybe a 4-star , at under $ 200 . At the current price , it 's a big fat zero , but I have to give it one because it looks neat.If you want to pay an enormous amt of money for looks , rather than giving the difference to charity or buying books or putting it in your kids ' college fund , then go to town.I was not impressed however ... but like I said , if you 've got money to earn and price is immaterial to you , go for it .
 I bought this pillow after reading many recommendations from mothers of twins for the EZ to nurse pillow . But this is not the product I thought I was buying , and I found it to be almost useless . It is too soft , there was a gap between the pillow and my stomach the babies rolled into . The buckle was hard to reach and dug into my back . Even with my post pregnancy tummy I could n't get it tight enough . The extra pillow is completely useless . The pillow I should have bought is EZ-2-Nurse Twins sold at -LSB- ... -RSB- , but I did n't know that at the time . I ended up using a Mybreastfriend single baby nursig pillow which was firm and more use than this .
 This bassinet is frequently and falsely advertised as compatible with the Qinny Zapp . It is not compatible with the Zapp and only compatible with the Quinny Buzz . If you are looking for a stroller that has compatibility with a bassinet and a car seat , check out the Bugaboo line of strollers . They are more expensive but there are used strollers available and new fabric to replace the used fabric . We are much happier with our Bugaboo Chameleon although it would have been wonderful if this Quinny Dreami had been compatible with the Quinny Zapp .
 Way too overpriced and it is made in China so the quality is a little iffy . I still ca n't figure out how to use the rain cover which is cheaply made . After you remove the bassinet from the stroller , you have to have 3 hands to close the stroller . You have to buy the stroller to use it
 These water play mats are not safe . Babies can put their face on the mat and suffocate . Even though it looks cute it is a big hazard . If you are going to purchase a playmat buy one that does not have water .
 my baby is 6 months old , he doesnt know what to do with it ... he cant pick it up and put it in his mouth ... it doesnt make any noise ... it does not hold his attention at all . one word
 I used this along with a tummy time pillow and put my three month old son on his belly so he was face to face with the duck head and his arms were hanging down so he could pat the water mat . He screamed like a two year old it scared him so bad . He will not go within five feet from this thing with out screaming and crying . The one good thing is that I probably could have made a million dollars if I had a videotape of my sons reaction !
 It does not rotate freely and its a pain putting it together and taking it apart . Does not store away easily . Ended up putting all the sticks & pieces into ziploc bags .
 This thing is cheap and flimsy . The picture looked better , but I was disappointed when I put it together . It held up moderately for a couple of months . Now the top part wo n't stay in place . Despite it falling apart on us , I just have n't found it very easy to use . all the small parts wind up in the middle where it is harder to get to them . Of course , we use glass bottles so there is more weight on the parts than if we used plastic , but the top part is where we put the bottle tops , nipples , etc. . That should n't break it . Oh well , I am online shopping for a replacement now . This one just did n't hold up for us .
 Falls apart to easily , the upper rack does n't stay put anymore and it ca n't function properly unless it does stay put . If the rack can not stay put it does n't serve a purpose , so I 'm giving it one star because of this . Seems harsh , but we 've had it for a year .
 It is a great space saving design , but as noted by other reviewers , does NOT work with glass bottles . It 's very cheap flimsy plastic . The polls on the bottom layer started to bend over with the glass bottles , and what is worst , after 1 day of usage the top rack collapsed to the bottom because I was using glass bottles -LRB- and not all the prongs were even used -RRB- . I ended up getting the Skip Hop Drying Rack , and it is working very well for me . I only wish they could make a STRONG two tier design one day .
 I was really annoyed that I fell for a 4 star review on Amazon . It is a very flimsy and wobbly structure . It does n't work with glass bottles . I 'm returning it .
 This drying rack has a good capacity for holding many bottles and nipples . The plates also provide a platform for drying smaller items that can not be hooked onto the spindles . Unfortunately , the spindles are not snug fitting on the rack . The spindles constantly fall off the rack , and we are constantly having to look on the kitchen countertop for spindles so that we can dry more bottles . What good is a drying rack without its spindles ?
 I bought this recently not knowing it was so flimsy . I tried my best to balance my Life factory bottles on this and gave up because it was so unstable . I had to break out my oldMunchkin Sprout Drying Rackthat I used with baby # 1 ! The sprout is super strong and has no problems holding six 9oz bottles on top and six 4oz bottles on the bottle . I did n't realize how awesome the Munchkin Sprout Drying Rack was until I got this one !
 Good Grief ! Feel like I 'm in a cartoon ... I put a glass bottle on , the peg falls off . The tiers collapse . The drawer is too small to hold anything . I am too busy with the baby to deal with the million parts . I just bought the OXO tot drying rack and although it will take more counter space , it does n't need assembly and I 'll be happy not to deal with all the constantly falling pegs and collapsing layers .
 This system did a good job until apparently the support ring for the second level deformed and it started to fall , pretty much making the system unusable . It is a good , large drying system if you can prevent your 's from doing this .
 I got this drying rack at my baby shower and thought it would be great because it turns and I could get at the bottles with ease . I was so wrong ! This is the worst drying rack ever ! The top is so flimsy , things kept falling off and I had to rewash and resterilize them ! I am now going out to buy another drying rack , I hope I get one that really works .
 My biggest complaint with this drying rack is that the top rack is fairly unstable and comes crashing down as soon as you load it with say 5 bottle tops . You have to place very lightweight stuff on the top for the rack to stay , which if you are dealing with bottles , there are n't that many . My advise is to simply buy a normal dish drying rack - works just as well and costs half the price .
 We have had this bottle rack for about a year now and initially we thought it was a good investment . That was until the top rack kept falling down and this is WITHOUT glass bottles . When the top rack falls you pick it up to reposition it and the small plastic things at the top fall everywhere , so you have to remove those before repositioning the rack . It has just become more annoying than useful .
 I love the vertical and two-tier design because it helps to save counter space . What I do n't like is the quality of the design - the pegs keep falling off . The drain is not very effective unless your counter-top is also sloped . The rack also needs to have more center weight to accommodate heavy glass bottles - it sometimes topples over when I do n't evenly distribute bottles on the rack .
 Should 've listened to all the 1-star & 2-star reviews . Sticks fly out easily , racks do n't turn unless you hold the center rod , water collecting tray does n't stay put . The whole thing just feels very cheaply made . For $ 2 extra , get the Munchkin one instead . Much more sturdy & better quality . The sticks actually are foldable on the Munchkin model , so they 'll not come out . You can actually rotate both plates easily .
 Received the item a week back but after a couple of days of using it the pegs started to fall off and the small tray is on stable its shaking and making the items on it to fall off.I did not expect this item to be of such a low quality.Read the reviews and made the purchase but unhappy with it .
 By seeing pictures in Amazon website ... I thought the plastic , rods and other material which they used to build this item are high quality standard , , At least it will match with the price . . But its huge disappointment ... As soon as you open the box you will feel cheaper plastic smell ... I donot know whether we can keep sensitive things like baby bottles into this cheaply made plastic.The tray which they showed on picture to collect the water ... is not attached to main stand . . It lies as a different piece . . So you need to be careful whenever you are using to pull the bottles from stand , , other wise high chances are that water in the collecting tray may spill over into the table/floorMore over . . I am not getting why they are charging around 10 $ for this ... If you ask me two dollars is the right price . .
 I 'm so annoyed with this product . It 's been only less than 2 mos but the top of the rack can never be positioned stable . I am so annoyed that the height is never stabled . The top is always dropping down . I use a hairband to keep up the top part . It still does n't work . I 'm on Amazon now looking for a replacement . I do n't understand why there is such high marks for this cheap , flimsy product .
 I bought this product based on the many good reviews . It does hold a lot of bottles -LRB- we have 6 wide neck Born Free plastic bottles -RRB- , pumping implements and accessories , but takes up a lot of space . The most disappointing thing about it is that it is VERY flimsy . The plastic pegs come off too easily , the spinning parts are not level and the entire unit does not seem too robust . Also , the drip tray does not attach to the module and just sits underneath . This is a nice idea in concept , but it is not well-made . I have just bought a Munchkin deluxe drying rack which has a better feel to it .
 I put the bottle in the rack for 3 days , it never dry . . my friend uses the same one also have this problem .
 I can not believe this has been rated so well . Are people getting paid to rate it well ? I ca n't understand how else they would approve . It 's so flimsy and junky . The stand often collapses on itself and the sticks pull right out of place . It 's really really really not worth the purchase . Save yourself the hassle . I could n't give mine away for free .
 FIRST YEAR SPINNING RACK IS SMALL !! TO FIT BOTTLES ON SO I SUGGEST A DIFFERENT ONE OTHER THAN THIS ONE THIS ONE IS COMPACT SMALL STYLE !! KRISTEN !!! PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY DO NOT WAIST YOUR TIME ORDERINGTHIS READ REVIEWS U WILL BE DISAPOINTED !!! KRISTEN WARNING ! SMALL !!!!!!! WARNING SMALL !!!!!
 pretty flimsy . the design on the product picture looks appealing , but in reality it is actually very non-functional so to speak . not easy to put in and get out sterilized feeding bootles , nipples at all . pretty impractical IMO .
 This rack is flimsy not really meant for glass bottles . I ended up buying the Dr Brown 's drying rack which consists of two tray that take up a lot of room , butit is sturdier than this one which I was not able to use at all because of the weak pegs on the rack .
 If you are using glass bottles this rack is not very useful . The weight of the bottles actually bends the spools that are designed to hold the bottles for drying . Its designed for lghter weight plastic bottles and looks like it would work well for that purpose .
 I received one of these as a baby shower gift . I wish someone had given it to me after my daughter was born so I would have a chance to test it out and return it . The thing ca n't hold a full rack of bottles . It may not have helped that I had glass baby bottles as well as plastic . I did keep the heavy bottles on the bottom rack but that did n't help . The top rack every so often collapses onto the bottom rack . It 's truly annoying . The only reason I gave it two stars was because I could remove the top rack and simple use the bottom .
 I 've been using this bottle drying rack for about 7 months . It had been working really well . Occassionally one of the plastic pegs would fall out . . which was no biggie . . you just pop it back in . However , in the past 2 weeks , it 's started colllapsing . Basically , the top falls to the bottom and you ca n't really pull it back up very easily . This is really irritating when you you have it filled with bottles and bottle parts . Btw , I do n't use glass bottles . . so I 'm not sure why my plastic bottles are now to heavy for it . I 'm so frustrated with this that I 'm about to buy the Skip Hop Drying Rack .
 This rack is not very good at all . The spinning top shelf wobbles and is always tilted if things are not evenly placed . The spokes attaching to the shelfs come off easily . The Munchkin Sprout Drying Rack is so much better .
 Even with plastic bottles , this was really flimsy . Please shop around before you buy this ! I got one way better for the same price .
 This is a pretty good design for taking advantage of the but is very flimsy.The problem is the faster of the second level becomes weak and wo n't hold it up so you inevitably have it collapse when putting bottles on it to dry.This results in a large noise , once clean now dirty bottles hitting the floor , etc. . . you get the idea.Not recommended .
 I was surprised by how flimsy and fragile this thing is . It 's pretty much useless for glass bottles -LRB- although , adequate for plastic -RRB- .
 this thing is so poorly designed -- it never really felt like it was completely snapped in even though there was nothing else to do . after 9 months of use , the top rack would collapse on the bottom one if it was just breathed on . the whole thing falls over too really easily too b/c its center of gravity is too high .
 I have got this product but the holding in the middle -LRB- the stick that support the second level -RRB- did ' t come and I sent an email complaining about one missing part but nobody cared about my problem ...
 This rack is good to keep all the bottles together but does not serve as a `` drying '' rack . It is not sturdy enough to spin around . -LRB- For an example , if you keep all the items as shown in the picture and spin it , items not on the vertical bars will be on the floor -RRB- . However , for the price I am ok with it , just as a rack .
 Leaving a review because I with I 'd known before buying -- this is a very flimsy product and it does n't work with glass bottles . Hope this helps someone .
 It seems like this product would work fine for plastic bottles , but when I was trying to use it for my glass bottles , not only would the little pegs not stay in so they were always falling all over the place , but the spinning feature would n't work with the heavier glass bottles . I 'd recommend the `` Prince Lionheart Complete Drying Station '' instead . I have n't tried any other products , but the Price Lionheart product still has a small footprint and I can fit more bottles on it and access everything I need . Good Luck !
 Where do I start?The top rack collapses if you put any kind of significant weight on it such as one 8 oz glass bottle.The plastic sticks that hold the bottles are made of cheap plastic that bend down if the bottle is warm from the dishwasher or after being boiled.The drain pan does n't latch on to the bottom tray , this would have been common sense design . Instead if you move the unit the drain pan has to be moved as well.A cloth rag does the job better than this rack.Save your money .
 I use this item daily to dry my bottles , but that 's about it . Bottle storage.It 's super flimsy and even with the plastic bottles it knocks around easily . Also , the `` spin '' part of it , well , I just do n't really call that spinning . It 's easier just to pick it up and turn it IMPO.This is one of the few items I will probably toss out after my son is out of bottle and just get something better next child .
 Had this drying rack for 9 months and the top rack/tray no longer stays in place . It should ` snap ' on the the center spindle , but the plastic has flexed to the point that the top rack now falls the minute any notable items -LRB- eg . bottles , cups -RRB- are placed on it .
 We originally registered for this and are still using it but have not liked it at all . The top rack is not sturdy at all and always collapses onto the bottom rack and the nipples/bottle lids always come tumbling off . If I could do it all over again , I would have just paid a little more for something a little more durable .
 I 'm so disappointed in this drying rack . My sister-in-law recommended it and swore by it , but the upper shelf on ours collapses often , even if there is n't a lot of weight on it . Plus , the racks do n't turn well , especially the lower one . I wish I had not bought this .
 The sipping design of these cups and absence of BPA is great . HOWEVER , please be aware that the valve inside each of the two cups that we purchased * routinely * fall out , particularly if the cup is dropped , and then the liquid inside leaks out right away . The valves have come out regardless of how full the cup is . These cups are probably good if your child is older and not likely to drop -LRB- or throw -RRB- his/her cup -LRB- which can trigger valve displacement -RRB- , but I could not in good faith recommend these to any of my friends -- or to anyone on Amazon shopping for cups . I try to use them sometimes -LRB- since we have -RRB- but my husband ca n't stand them and avoids them in the cupboard . The insulation factor is ok ; I time-tested cold water with some First Years insulated cups and the First Years actually stayed cool on our counter a little longer -LRB- I do n't consider this a real show-stopper -RRB- . Have not had an issue with the images coming off , and we do use them at least two days/week , have owned them about 6 mos , and do run them through the dishwasher . If you do n't mind leaking and subsequent clean-ups , then they have a good sipping design -LRB- not too bottle-like -RRB- . Should mention that they also sometimes leak around the neck .
 We bought these for our son and it was spill proof the first time he used it and after that the part of the inside -LRB- makes it spill proof -RRB- wont stay on . you pay $ 8 for 2 cups and they dont even last a day . Were not made of money throw away on their crappy product
 And I REALLY wish they were ! I love EVERYTHING about them other than the fact that I have bought about 5 of these two packs , and it never fails that ONE of the two leaks . The little inserts come out so easily . I have a 2 year old and a 1 year old so I need something that can take a few hits here and there . They are just such a hit and miss . If it was ONE out of all five packages , I could understand ... but 50 % bad ... not good .
 We have a few of these cups that my daughter uses . The main problem is that the insert that creates the drip free - comes loose fairly easily during usage . Then you realize it once the liquid inside runs out if the cup in left on it 's side . If you use these cups , just keep on eye on it .
 I do n't have the sippy cup version , but I have the ones w/the straws attached . These LEAK too , so do n't buy those either . Plus , the rubber straws get moldy and are hard to clean . So far , all my Munchkin brand items are horrible ! I 'm looking for new cups tomorrow that do n't have the bisephenol risk either .
 We own 4 of these cups , of which 3 of them leak from under the lid . We own plenty of other cups that do n't have anywhere near the issues these seem to have . I would stay away .
 I bought a six-pack of this soap and every single bottle liquifies over time and does not foam . Also , the dispenser is really tough for my 3-year old son to use . It requires two hands for him to push it down . Not kid-friendly at all .
 Well i liked the brush for the 2 months that ive used it . I just wish it had a smaller brush on the bottom . Which you 'd think it would being that the Dr browns bottles have all the nooks and cranny 's . My biggest problem is that like i said Ive had this brush for about 2 months and used it under normal circumstances . And it broke at the base of the handle where the wiring connects to the plastic . So i am very disappointed to say the least . This is one of the pricier Bottle brushes and I think it should last longer then 2 months .
 I love all Dr.Brown products . Maybe my complaint should be with Amazon . I made my purchase on April 7th I believe , today 's date is April 29th and I have yet to receive my bottle brush . I am so frustrated I do n't even know if I will order anything else from Amazon.com
 I got it as a shower gift , my baby is 4 weeks old and the thing broke already , just washing bottles , nothing special , buy the avent one instead , its great . sorry dr. browns , the bottles are great .
 i do not like this one it fell apart with in a week of us the bristles fell out so i had to go get another one i would not recommend it to no one its a waste of money sorry
 Unless you use your hand and squeeze the sponge to insert it into the bottle , the sponge will tear apart within a week !
 These worked really well for bottles and sippy cups but I went through several , all meeting the same fate ... the wire stem snapping in half .
 I had high hopes for this bottle brush but the sponge tore a tiny bit when pulling it out of the bottles . After a month or so , the sponge was almost ripped in two . I bought a second one and tried to be more careful but the sponge tore just the same . I just purchased and received a bottle brush without a sponge and I am much happier !
 Eh , it meets all of my criteria , except durability , which is a big one . I like a foam/sponge top , it soaps up better . I like a brush that stands up , and one with a part you can insert into the nipple to get it clean . This brush has all of these , but the foam disintegrates after a month or two . Not terrible , but the Munchkin brand has all my requirements PLUS has lasted forever , even when I put it in the dishwasher to resanitize .
 Used for one month and it was falling apart ... I bought a munchkin brand brush for $ 2 cheaper and it has already lasted 3 months . Save your money ... the bottles are great but not the brush .
 I do n't know why I bought this since I put my granddaughter 's bottles in the dishwasher . The cost was a lot more than if I 'd bought one at a store . The suction cup does n't stick to the sink and the brush handle comes out of it . I would n't recommend it .
 The sponge on this bottle brush fell apart within days : / I love the bottles and nipples , but this brush is junk .
 This brush was a waste of money . I 'm debating writing to the company . The sponge part started falling apart after only a few uses ! I could n't believe it . The brush is not long enough to comfortably wash the skinny 8 oz . bottles , so your palm will be sore , you ca n't even get a good grip on it .
 My son is 3 weeks old and I already have to replace this bottle brush , with very light use -LRB- I wash the bottles right away , then use the microwave sanitizer for a deep clean -RRB- . I 'm disappointed because we love Dr. Brown 's products , but the sponge on the top of this brush has already started to shred . The bristle part is not sturdy enough to give the bottles a good quick scrub , either . I do like the little stand and the fact that I can keep that on the sink so I can stand the brush up to dry . I went out and bought another munchkin bottle brush because this one was quite a disappointment . We used Dr. Brown 's bottles with my daughter for a whole year and only bought two or three bottle brushes that entire time . I really liked the one with the soap inside it for the 8 oz Dr. Brown 's bottlesMunchkin Soap Dispensing Bottle Brush , Colors Varybut it 's not necessary . But the regular munchkin one is a lot less expensive and works great tooMunchkin Bottle and Nipple Brush , Colors May Vary . The bristles are much stiffer and you have to really shove it into the smaller bottles , but they hold up well , unlike the Dr. Brown 's bottle brush . Lesson learned .
 This brush has a wire stem that is very flimsy . After a few weeks or a month of use , it starts bending and then breaks . The first time it broke , I thought it was a fluke . The second time one broke , I came on here and read all the negative reviews of other people 's brushes breaking . I think it 's pretty lame the company is not fixing this problem .
 I was a former Dr. Brown fan for my first born . I bought replacements for my second born recently and found myself DISAPPOINTED . The subcontractors they use to mfg. their brush is inferior . I still have the original brush -LRB- 1.75 yrs . old -RRB- from my first born and it 's held up , except for the sponge tip which is expected ; but the new ones last about after a month worth of use . It was like cleaning with a pipecleaner , after about a month the wire stem snapped and rendered useless . It 's a smaller gauge wire than before , so I question the material they use to manufacture all of their other products.Buyer beware !!!
 While the brush initially did a good job cleaning the bottles , the metal shaft that attaches the sponge to the handle rusted within a couple of weeks . It is a poor design -LRB- a baby product that is designed to use wet should not rust -RRB- . I would not purchase again !
 I went with this brush along with Dr Brown 's bottles . I must say this product is a shame to bear Dr Brown 's name . It lasted for a month after which the stem snapped and it has become useless .
 I bought this brush thinking it would do a better job at cleaning my doctor brown bottles and I was thoroughly disappointed ! I 've used it for about 3 weeks now and the wire just snapped ! Like another reviewer mentioned , it 's like cleaning with a pipe cleaner ... poor quality . I much prefer to use the Munchkin brand .
 We bought one of these when our other bottle brush was old.The wire thing that the brush is on came out of the handle ! We used it without the handle for a day before we went and bought another brush . This thing is cheap and horrble .
 The foam part at the top of the brush breaks down easily . After only a week of having this brush the foam is already tearing apart .
 This is the weakest stem out of the three brands I 've tried so far . The sponge also disappears and little parts of it fall off into the sink . The nipple cleaner is very handy because you do n't have to remove it to use it . That is the reason I got this one . Too bad it 's useless now .
 I have water bottles that this does n't work well for ... I also have the munchkin which is even shorter however what I dislike about this one is that it is extremely flimsy . I feel like I cant give the inside of the baby bottles / shorter water bottles a good scrubbing due to it bending . Other reviews say this breaks over time , I have only been using mine for 1 week . I hope it does n't break soon , I would give this less stars then .
 The brush works well while it lasts , but is now broken after two months of use.This is my second one and the wire that holds the brush in place bends and breaks , I will not be buying a third .
 Initially , I was very happy with the brush as it did a good job of cleaning the wide babies bottles we have . However , after only about 2 months of use , the wire stem broke making it useless .
 Within two months of normal use , this bottle brush started to fall apart ... it began with the sponge . Small parts were breaking apart during each use . Within another month 's time , I noticed that the wire began to twist out of shape , seemingly loosening during each subsequent use . It finally broke rendering the entire brush useless . I will not be purchasing again , especially after reading similar reviews .
 I 'm updating my review on this product . After using some other brands of bottle brush , I 'm going to give this one 4 stars . This is because the sponge on this brush is denser than on other brushes . A denser sponge holds soap better . I found that when using other brands of brush , I went through soap much more quickly . The denser sponge on this brush also lathers the inside of the bottle much better than other brands too , which means cleaner bottles in less time . This brush still has a durability issue , however , I 've come to the conclusion that it 's probably a good idea to throw out bottle brushes every few weeks anyway . I 'm going back to this brush ! -LRB- Old review below -RRB- Purchased this brush to use on my Dr. Brown 's bottles . I do n't have a dishwasher so I use it every day . The brush works well and cleans both the bottom and the neck of the bottle . Unfortunately , mine have only lasted about 2 months because the sponge starts to break apart . I 'm on my second one . I thought I had been to hard on the first one , so I was `` nicer '' to my second one . But it still is falling apart . Wo n't be buying another .
 This was the first brush we used when our baby was born . The sponge does a great job of cleaning out the bottles and smooth surfaces and holds onto soap well , while the brush bristles are n't so stiff that they flick soap everywhere . Of the brushes we 've tried , this one did the best job of cleaning.However , the fatal flaw is the wire construction that holds the whole thing together . It weakened very quickly at the point where it attached to the base , and it snapped completely off before the baby 's 1-month birthday . The wire itself is thick , but the point where it attaches to the base is not able to handle the force or pressure exerted on the brush by everyday bottle cleaning.It 's a great brush , but do n't expect it to last more than a month .
 I bought this thinking it would clean the Dr Brown bottles & nipples better than the one I got fr / the super market ... not so . You can totally skip it .
 I 've invested a small fortune in Dr. Brown 's products -LRB- bottles , warmer , sterilizer , drying rack , mixing pitcher , and formula dispenser ! -RRB- , and thankfully all of those items that were paid for worked out really well . This bottle brush came free with the bottles I purchased , and I 'm glad it did -- I would 've been really disappointed if I 'd spent any money on it.The issues I had were :1 . the sponge at the top disintegrated after about 3 weeks of regular use2 . water and soap sprays everywhere when you remove the brush from a bottle3 . the bristles on the brush were n't dense enough to really clean the bottles wellAfter a few weeks , I gave up on it and purchased thePhilips AVENT BPA-Free Bottle Brushinstead -- the bristles are really dense , and they 're only around part of the brush , so if you pull it out with the bristles faced-down , they do n't spray on you at all .
 This bottle brush says it 's great for Dr. Brown 's bottles ... but the sponge at the top is too big to get into the blue stem that goes into the bottle . And there is nothing that cleans the beige rubbery thing that connects to the blue thing . The brush only cleans the bottle itself . The rest of the millions of pieces of the bottle can not be cleaned with this . Not quite sure how they think this design cleans their bottles and its PARTS .
 We 've tried every bottle brush out there , this one is one of the worst ones we tried . The wire bends very easily and the sponge on the bottom of it rips apart.The sponge on the bottom was one of the main reasons we tried it . We use glass bottles and it 's near impossible to get bottoms clean with a regular bottle brush . It did get the job done for a few days before it started to rip . The suction cup on the bottom was a plus also.By far the best bottle brush we ever tried , bought three years ago and still use till this day on our kids sippy cups , is the Avent bottle brush . Worth . Every . Penny.Philips AVENT BPA-Free Bottle Brush
 My baby was born the middle of October 2011 , and he was on a bottle right away , so I was constantly washing the bottles . We have all the Dr. Brown 's items -LRB- bottles , bottle warmer , sterilizer , etc -RRB- , that it just made sense we bought this as well . I would not recommend it . I liked the fact that it had the stand for the brush to be put in while not in use . At the beginning of January 2012 , I ordered a new brush because the sponge on this one was tearing apart with all its use . I bought the OXO Tot bottle brush with stand ... it has a stand , and just bristles so nothing is going to tear apart . So far , that brush is holding up well .
 The main reason I wanted this was to have a bottle brush handy on the counter , and this is sold with a suction cup `` stand '' that the brush sits in . But the suction cup does n't stay attached to the sink longer than a minute or so . I have a scrub brush that sits atop a suction cup and it stays attached forever , so I know it 's not the sink that 's the problem.Also , the nipple `` brush '' is n't actually a brush -- it 's more like a hard plastic nub with ridges . For cleaning out baby bottle nipples it 's probably quite effective , but for general household use as a brush for small items -LRB- e.g. sippy cups , reusable water bottles , etc -RRB- it 's useless.I gave it 1 star though , because the bottle brush itself works fine . Just do n't buy this if you : - Care about having the suction cup stand ; or - Plan on using it as a general-purpose bottle brush -LRB- as opposed to only for baby bottles -RRB- . I just replaced the Dr. Brown 's brush with a Munchkins bottle/nipple brush w/suction cup stand and that works much better . Only thing I do n't like about the Munchkin brush is the handle is kind of short -LRB- makes it a bit clumsy to use -RRB- and the head is a little big -LRB- might not fit in a really narrow-mouthed bottle -RRB- .
 This bottle brush fell apart after a few weeks of use . I have the Dr. Brown 's bottles and was only washing 1-2 bottles/day . Waste of money .
 This thing did a decent job at cleaning bottles , but the sponge fell apart after the first month . I like the Philips Avent brush a lot better .
 We do n't use this brush frequently , we mostly wash our bottles in the dishwasher . Despite this the brush still broke at the next after 4 mos . I knew it was coming because around 3 mos , the brush was already bent and would n't stay straight when you applied slight pressure.I would recommend a brush that does not have a twisted metal neck . There are other brands out there that fit this description .
 I used to use this as our primary bottle brush but now use it as a back-up , for traveling , etc. . It does the job okay , but the sponge has started to break apart . The suction cup seemed kind of pointless too - it does n't hold well enough to be on a counter surface . I much prefer our First Years brush , complete with the tiny little nipple scrubber that folds out . It 's held up a lot better too.The First Years Bottle Nipple Brush
 This brush does a great job till the sponge starts falling apart . We have long glass 7oz bottles . Once the sponge begins to wear out , you ca n't really clean out the bits of milk on the bottom of the bottles .
 brush actually works great , but i see chunks of sponge coming off almost daily after use . not very well made for durability .
 I have tried this one and the munchkin one.Donot waste money on these two . Buy the `` bornfree '' bottle brush for the most thorough cleaning .
 At first I thought this was a great product . Until I started using the brush and found the following problems .1 . Sponge head breaks apart . Little by little , the pieces of blue sponge start coming off until you are left with a small sponge head .2 . Like one of the pictures shows , eventually the head breaks completely and you are left with a brush without a handle.I ended up buying about 4 of these before I finally decided to give up on the brush . I bought the brush that parent 's choice makes -LRB- bought at the store with the smiley face -RRB- and comes with a nipple brush . The Parent 's Choice blue sponge has not desintegrated . I still use the small little brushes from Dr. Brown 's as these do work well to clean those blue tubes and the yellow filters for the bottles.One good thing about this brush is the stand that comes with it . Other than this , save your money and look for another alternative . Otherwise I guarantee that you will be ending up buying a replacement .
 I used this brush with my Dr. Brown 's bottles and it lasted me about a month . The sponge at the tip got loose and before I knew it the whole thing came apart.Not very durable .
 I never was a huge fan of this brush because the bristles were n't very strong , but now I am 100 % not a fan because it came apart -LRB- just like the picture shows above -RRB- after 7 months . If I used it a lot then maybe I would understand , but I nurse my baby so we do n't use bottles very often . I would not recommend this brush .
 Bought this and it did n't last long . The stick bends way too easily and it slowly fell apart . I replaced it with a munchkin brand brush that is much better quality and costs about the same .
 Within a few minutes of using this , the wire that holds the bristles and sponge on the handle bent . It then twisted around in the handle so I was n't able to clean bottles well.The plastic end meant to clean nipples was a joke . It did n't clean anything . Needless to say , I quickly purchased a different brush and discarded this one . I recommend the Munchkin brand bottle brush .
 As others have said , the wire stem is very flimsy . The sponge part is also made with very cheap material and did not hold up well at all . Overall a very poorly made product that only lasted a couple weeks .
 We are big fans of the Dr. Brown 's bottles , but this brush has a fatal flaw . The stem is made of a very flexible wire which bends every which way when you clean . After a few weeks , the flex point becomes week from repeated bending and the brush just snaps . They need to revise the design to replace the wire stem . Buy the Munchkin brush . It 's much better .
 was excited for a good , well designed brush ... the major flaw is the wire neck . when I tried to clean the nipple with it , it bent 90 degrees . useless .
 I bought my first Dr. Browns bottle brush and used it for about 2 weeks . While I was using it , the wire stem just snapped in half . I thought maybe I was washing the bottles too hard so I threw it out . Then a few days later I purchased another Dr. Browns brush . I used this new one for about 7 days and the wire stem snapped again ! I was furious since I just spent another $ 5.00 on this brush . I called the company and the customer service girl told me they were having issues with the `` green '' color brushes but the problem was fixed on the new `` blue '' color brushes . That is pure BS . Both the green and blue color brushes were exactly the same pieces of crap . Even the nipple cleaner at the tip does not get the inside of the nipple clean . I only realized this when I purchased a munchkin bottle brush . What a HUGE difference ! The wire stem on the munchkin brush is SO much sturdier and the nipple cleaner actually cleans inside the nipple completely . Now I realize how horrible the DR. Browns bottle brush really was !!! Plus the munchkin brush was $ 2.00 less than DR. Browns . I would strongly advise against spending your money on this bottle brush . Dr. Browns should be embarrassed to put out this product .
 This thing is a piece of garbage . The wire started bending the FIRST time I used it . I am going to read reviews before buying my next -LRB- 4th -RRB- brush .
 I have ordered this product hoping that it will look nice in the kids room , will be very practical and will add more color to the entire space.The problem with it is the unstability . If not blocked or put on one side to the wall or any heavy piece of furniture , the rack is NOT STABLE . Be sure it is well asambled.Other than that , it looks good just like in the picture . Tempting .
 I 've assembled two of these Elmo beds -LRB- I believe they are also available with other Sesame Street characters -RRB- and I can honestly say they are amongst the worst products I have ever seen -LRB- incidentally , I did not purchase either bed -- one was a gift and the other was located at a family member 's home -RRB- . The instructions are terribly written , but more importantly the construction is shoddy and dangerous . The bed frame is made of multiple tubes of rolled sheet metal with punched-out holes to insert screws and cross tubes . However , the punched-out holes are often 1 -RRB- poorly placed , resulting in cross-tubes fitting poorly or not at all , AND 2 -RRB- occasionally not punched out entirely , resulting in sharp edges that can easily cause a deep cut.This product is a serious safety hazard and should be banned .
 Stay-at-home dad here , looking for something a little more macho than the typical diaper bag . I arrived at the Baby Sherpa 4-in-1 Diaper Backpack a little late , as I have two toddlers rather than say , a single infant . However , given the company boasts how much that this bag can hold and how well it is designed to allow it to hold more just because of better design , I thought I would do well with this for toddlers because the bulky diapers are gone , so that leaves more room for a change of cloths , larger food items and juice cups , some of my things , etc. , right ? Wrong.First of all , this backpack is WAY too compartmentalized . I was doing better using the large beach style bag that I bought from Target . The main compartment is a useless size , mostly because it 's divided up into three separate compartments that are each too small to be useful . The write-up boasts that this backpack has a medical kit compartment , compartments for glasses , palm pilots , cell phones , wallets , etc. . Can someone tell me where all these pockets are , because I just could n't find them . The main compartment could hold my wallet , Palm device , and cellphone , but that 's about all it could hold then . The two separate zipper compartments on the side that seem to be where they think you 're putting your cellphone , wallet , Palm Pilot , and glasses are very strange shapes that could maybe hold a single pair of sunglasses or a very small cellphone , but they could not hold my wallet , and definitely could not hold a woman 's wallet . They surely can not hold all of the items they mentioned . These pockets are also not padded at all , so putting your personal electronics in this pockets -LRB- which stick out like ears on either side of the backpack -RRB- would be very risky for damage . I use a small sandwich sized tupperware container for a simple medical kit . If you put that in the main compartment , you 're just about done when it come to room . This is the first time I 've encountered the situation where a bag actually is SMALLER on the inside than it looks like it would be looking at the outside ! Usually , you 're telling the opposite story about a backpack or other piece of luggage.The much touted built-in cooler looks like it could do a pretty good job , but expect to get a wet posterior , as there is a drain hole on the bottom of the diaper bag right over your rear end . Even just sweat from a few chilled juice cups are going to leave a nice wet spot in a very improper place . Actually , that drain hole has a metal grommet around it . My backpack arrived with the material around that grommet torn away and frayed . I 'm pretty handy , but about the only way that could be repaired is to install a new , larger grommet . Not something I care to have to do for a brand new $ 90 backpack before I ever use it for the first time ! I 'd be more tempted to seal that hole to avoid a wet butt.Also , do n't expect your $ 90 backpack to arrive with much fanfare . Mine was shipped to me in a simple clear plastic bag , loosely `` sealed '' by folding the bag over and sticking on one piece of clear tape . A small tag was attached to one of the carabiners , and a very crumpled `` tips sheet '' was stuck in the outside compartment . No warranty card , no documentation , not even a 1/2 box or anything close to retail packaging . The `` shipping container '' was nothing more than yet another plastic bag with a UPS label on it . For the better part of $ 100 , I 'd have to say that , yes , I expected it to be shipped in a box.I have to say that for all the hype , this was an extreme disappointment . All the professional reviews and advertisements basically state that this diaper backpack is the end-all , be-all solution . In my opinion , it is far from a solution for anyone . I do n't think it would 've been useful even when I only had one infant . I also have two older teenagers , and I have to say that they have purchased better backpacks for school each year for $ 25 than this $ 90 Baby Sherpa . One year the older kids ended up with $ 25 backpacks that were not only better designed , but were n't damaged , had more real room in them , and came with a free , insulated lunchbox that attached to the bottom of the backpack , giving it a really nice , one-piece look . I wish I could find one of those , as I would just use it , be happier , and at almost 1/4 of the total price of a Baby Sherpa.Save your money , and shop around in the normal backpack area of Wal-Mart , Target , etc. . I think this has to be the most overated product that I 've been suckered into buying in a very , very long time . Even if it was $ 25 , I do n't think I could recommend it to anyone because of how compartmentalized it is . the rest of the bag seemed to be a nice quality build , but the torn grommet is cause for concern , and another review here reports of a torn seam . So , if your $ 90 is n't getting you neither a better design nor better quality , what is it getting you ? Correct answer
 This back pack is overrated . The design is not what it is cracked up to be . The pockets are annoying , particularly the big bottom pocket that should have dual zipper system but does n't . You always have to reach the bottom to get to the zipper and it is hard to close it all the way so items are always falling out . In addition , the clips on the straps for toys are in a horrible spot . If you are carrying your child at the same time you have the back pack on , it can poke your child in the eye.Besides having a bad design , the quality of the Baby Sherpa is poor . The inner seam on ours came apart after only using it over a 9 month timeframe on an infrequent basis . When we contacted the company they sent an email implying that we had misused the bag in some way to cause the seam to come apart . To get it fixed , we would have to pay for shipping . We will not bother repairing this bag before we throw it in the trash . We have many other back packs that have been used for years that never had a problem like this . We recommend that you buy something for $ 25 rather than waste $ 100 on a piece of crap like this .
 I bought this because I made my own baby food , and needed something to it keep cool . It worked great for about the first month , then seemed to fall apart . The stitching came apart on one of the buckles on the shoulder straps ; that ended up coming apart . And the seem came apart on the back of the back pack . I was n't rough with it , and used it as a ` normal ' baby bag . It seemed like it was made cheap , and not what I expected for a $ 75 product . The idea and the function of the back pack is great , but the quality is poor . I ended up returning it .
 Got this about 7 weeks ago and it is already started to rip from seams and falling a part , poor quality , DO NOT BUY this bag , instead buy something from walmart or any other store . This is expensive and really bad quality bag .
 I researched this bag as I wanted a backpack type bag to free up my hands and to use on our trip to San Francisco . It was highly recommended in a family travel blog . First of all , I noticed that it did not hold as much as was advertised . It has a lot of room for food , but I had a hard time fitting in the basics -LRB- change of clothes , diapers , and cleaning supplies -RRB- . It does have a lot of pockets , but I would have valued more space INSIDE of the bag instead of tiny little compartments . I do not stuff a diaper bag with everything I can think of . While we were on our trip , we noticed that the straps and the pull strings were fraying from ordinary use ! Very poorly made . Not worth the high price tag of $ 75 . It was comfortable to walk around with , but was so bulky that I bumped into everyone with the bag.It also rubbed my clothes to the point that I had a hold in a cami and ruined a sweater . Worse purchase I 've ever made .
 picture does n't show the way the clips attach on the sides , snap-on hooks that clip over the bar , is not as sturdy as I expected .
 I used my backpack like for 5 months and the seams by the zipper falling apart after like 40 uses . It never happened to me ever in my entire life though I 'm complete `` backpack person '' and I never had anything else but a backpack . . Next time I will rather go than for a special backpack for normal backpack with all life warranty and buy changing pad for it .
 We have only used this twice and already the mesh front has torn . I agree the cooler at the bottom takes up to much space . I currently use that section for blankets . This bag is not worth the cost . It is very cheaply made .
 This May we went on a three week trip to Europe with our twenty-seven month old son . Aside from the wisdom -LRB- or lack therof -RRB- of that decision , I panicked about two weeks before the trip . I 'd given up my diaper bags a few months ago , but did n't think a big purse with a couple of diapers would be sufficient for sightseeing in a couple of cities . So I started the frantic search for an appropritate baby backpack.Can I say the Baby Sherpa was a disaster . I swear to God it was the worst baby thing I 've bought in the time I 've been a parent . First , the bag came broken . It was probably my fault for not noticing that the bungee cord had no tightener , but honestly , I ca n't remember the last time I 've used a bungee cord . Second , it came with a couple of laminated pages that recommended that you keep extra Ziploc type bags in the bag . Apparently , whomever designed this thing did n't think to make waterproof pockets and had you bring some bags as an afterthought . Aargh.The cold/food pouch at the bottom ? Useless . The main packet -LRB- which is tiny because of the food pcocket ? Useless . The side water bottles Velcro add-ons - a pain in my you-know-what . The changing pad in the back mesh area ? Useless . It kept sliding out and was bulky as all get out.I ended up using my purse most of the trip and my husband 's backpack instead . -LRB- I highly recommend the DadGear bag -RRB- . This has got to be the worst $ 75 I 've ever spent . It 's going right back today .
 I honestly loved the idea of this bag ! sadly it is so small inside ! the cooler on the bottom takes up to much room !!! if you need space and pack a lot of items then this bag is not for you ! im returning mine tomorrow i really liked this bag and was so excited to get it and change over diaper bags i wish we could use it but its just too small inside . . i would say maybe not even half an arm length deep .
 Too much space is used up by the cooler compartment and leaves little space for diapers , snacks , or an iPad as advertised . The side bottle holders are n't sturdy enough .
 Save your money . Get a regular backpack . This product does not hold much and the quality is terrible . Zipper broke packing for the first time . Got a regular backpack-it holds more and is more comfortable .
 The very first day we used our baby sherpa on our trip to Italy , the lower attachment to one of the shoulder straps broke . It was then I noticed that there is no reinforcing whatsoever where the shoulder straps attach to the lower parts of the pack.The other problem we had is that the velcro where the side pouch attaches will rub against your clothes , and left holes in two of our t-shirts . If the strap had broken after some considerable use it would not be a problem , but it broke on the first day we used it !
 I received the Baby Sherpa and within a few weeks , the zipper on part of the compartment broke making it impossible to hold a baby bottle of any type . Also , the mesh is falling apart . You ca n't hold as much as they advertise . I do n't use the Sherpa more than about 4 times a month and it looks like I have had it for years . NOT WORTH THE MONEY EVEN IF IT ONLY COST $ 20 !!!!
 I purchased this backpack b/c we have a 16 month old and a newborn . We used the packpack for 2 months and the mesh is pulling apart , I 've mended it several times ! It is just not holding up well at all . Also , it does n't hold nearly what I expected . The only good feature is the insulated food compartment .
 Faulty zipper - Before I even had the chance to use it , the zipper was n't working properly . This seems to be a common issue in other reviews . I thought it might have been others overstuffing the bag , but the zipper design is poor with a weak hold and easy to mis-align . Had to return the item which is too bad because I liked other design aspects of the backpack - all the compartments , hooks , and canvas material . Though , I did find it odd that the cooler/food compartment on the bottom of the bag had a hole -LRB- for ventilation or drainage , I suppose -RRB- .
 The design of the bag seems adequate . There are plenty of pockets and compartments including the semi-insulated one on the bottom . I am appalled at the low quality of materials . The thread looks like cheap heavy duty polyester thread . Cheap thread makes it fall apart much faster . I would not expect more than 3-6 months use -LRB- yes , I am sure it is designed that way -RRB- , based on my experience with other backpacks . I would be terribly afraid of washing it . What good is baby stuff you ca n't wash ?!? The shoulder straps have terribly inferior padding . The waist strap is not padded.Overall , very disappointing for the price point . It 's going back .
 This lotion has good mild ingredients , but I do n't like the smell -LRB- unscented products all have some kind of smell -RRB- and it 's not moisturizing enough . I 'm using Aveeno moisturizing with oatmeal , Vanicream and Curel ultra healing instead .
 There is no doubt that this is good lotion . However it is not worth the price at all . My son 's pediatrician recommended vanicream for his eczema and sensitive skin . It works just as good if not better and you get 3 times as much for the same price .
 I 've been using CB products for 8 months now and few weeks ago I purchased this lotion from Target . I noticed it has these small specks of small plastic pieces in the lotion . I put it on my baby without realizing it at first but as I was rubbing it on her skin , I found these pieces . I thought it was a bad bottle so I opened the other new one -LRB- I bought 2 bottles from Target because they were on sale -RRB- and found that the 2nd bottle had the same things in it . I emailed CB immediately and Sue from CB responded right away apologizing about the product and reassured me that this is because of the `` natural '' products and process that they use that the product can crystalize and such but that it was safe to use . She must be crazy thinking I would put this on my baby even if it is `` safe '' . She did give me some options about giving me credit to use at CB website or if I sent the lotion back that she would send me replacements . I replied back to her indicating that I wanted a replacement -LRB- I still wanted to give CB another chance -RRB- and received an `` out of office reply '' . I waited another week and emailed her again about a separate issue I had with their Calendula cream I purchased -LRB- also another terrible product -RRB- . Once again , an out of office reply . Another week later I emailed her again and she replied back with a very short statement about a return shipment label . At this point , I do n't ever want to see another CB product and will not use it again . I am disappointed with their customer support as well .
 I have no idea how long the mold has been in the bottle . I hope I did n't put it on my baby 's skin . The bottle has not expired . I have never had any brand of lotion go moldy before . It is so gross . I plan to complain to CB first thing Monday morning & I will never use their products again . Like every parent , I want what 's best for my child -- moldy lotion does not make the cut .
 We have been using CB products for years including lotions , sunscreens , shampoo , bug spray and etc. ... The super sensitive lotion has been the only lotion to use on my son , who has bad eczema . However , this new formula totally ruined it . It has a very weird bad strong smell that makes me sick , and it 's like a patch of glue that does not moisturize the skin at all ... We will stay away from CB products now and need to find some good alternatives to use ...
 This was the first lotion we used for our son when he was born , and it was wonderful . After about a year , our original supply ran out and we ordered more . My son would start fussing when I applied it to his face . He never liked people messing with his nose or his face , so I did n't immediately catch on that it was causing discomfort . It was n't until I applied it to my own face and it burned that I realized what was happening . Needless to say , I felt very guilty about putting this lotion on my son.I found out that the creator of California Baby sold her company , and this new company has replaced several of the natural , safe ingredients with artificial ingredients . As others have mentioned , one of the new ingredients is sodium benzoate , a salt of benzoic acid -LRB- benzene -RRB- that is used as a preservative . Originally , California Baby used vitamin E , which is more expensive but safer and natural.As such , I am now looking for a new lotion for my son .
 UPDATE
 My son has mild eczema but this lotion did n't work and made him cry . After switching to Cerave , he cried no more and I saw big improvements on his skin .
 I 've been using this product since I had my first child nearly 3 years ago . The whole family used it along with the Super Sensitive Shampoo and Body wash plus the Calendula Cream occasionally and the diaper cream for my boy when he was a baby and we loved everything . Unfortunately , they recently changed all of the formulas -LRB- without notifying the customers -RRB- and now they are horrible . I noticed that the Super Sensitive Lotion had a new design on the label , but I did n't think anything of it . I did notice though that it would burn when I applied it to my face and was making my face very red . At first , I thought perhaps it was just due to it being winter time and us having our forced-air heating on in the house . However , I 've never had this problem in the winter before . Now I 've read that they changed their formulas and in my opinion they must have just done it for cost savings because they have not added safer ingredients and many people have been complaining of rashes and other problems since the switch . They 've lost me as a loyal customer and I would not recommend their products to anyone -LRB- unfortunately , I always told my friends and family how great CB products are so now I 'll have to notify everyone and make sure they never purchase them -RRB- .
 California Baby has changed its formula and now includes Sodium Benzoate.From Natural News : `` Derived from a reaction of benzoic acid with sodium hydroxide , sodium benzoate is actually the sodium salt of benzoic acid . Sodium benzoate is a known carcinogenic additive which , when eaten or applied to the skin , gets transported to the liver , where it is supposed to be filtered , and expelled in urine , but the damage gets done before that process is completed.Sodium benzoate chokes out your body 's nutrients at the DNA cellular level by depriving mitochondria cells of oxygen , sometimes completely shutting them down . Just as humans need oxygen to breathe , cells need oxygen to function properly and to fight off infection , including cancer . `` Learn more
 I hate this lotion and I 'm very disappointed considering what I paid for it . My son has very sensitive skin and it is getting very dry due to the winter weather.I put this on him and immediately noticed these strange little sharp pieces in the lotion . I 'm not sure if it is one of the ingredients , or if it dried pieces of the product ... I 'm really not sure but they kind of sting when rubbing against the sensitive baby skin.It 's also really really thin and I do n't think it does a good job of coating the baby 's skin or moisturizing it.I will go back to Aveeno Baby .
 I mainly use renew melaleuca lotion for my b/g twin toddlers as they have mild eczema , but this lotion is too hard to come by , so I was opting to try some organic lotions that are supposed to be mild for sensitive skin.The California Baby lotion was a HUGE disappointment . It is very watery and does not absorb at all . We tried leaving it on for a minute , but it did not get absorbed , and just stayed liquidy and wet , eventually it just got absorbed by their clothing . also , my little boy said it hurt his face . thinking it might be a fluke , we tried using it a couple other times -- same result , boy complained it hurt . Left my twins with very dry skin which is not surprising since it does not absorb well . Definitely will not purchase this one again .
 This item has been recalled due to contamination with cryptosporidium which can cause diarrhea , fever and vomiting.I ordered this from Amazon twice and got the recalled item both times-lot # 26952V and an expiration date of 10/08 . Do not give it to children and check your bottles !
 This product is very disappointing . The sheets are rough and scratchy , even after several washings . I ca n't imagine any toddler wanting to crawl into them .
 These fit a crib/toddler mattress well , and the top sheet has a fitted bottom to go around the mattress at the foot of the bed . They are good quality material as far as thickness , and the color 's nice , too . However , they are not a very soft material -LRB- even after washing with softener -RRB- , and my daughter ALWAYS asks for one of her other , softer sheets !
 When we were deciding to register for a travel system , we decided to register for one that could be for a girl , or a boy . That way we could use it for our next child . So , we registered for the Evenflo Aura system . It was a great price , and it seemed like the perfect system . It 's not . And its has worn so much , we wo n't be able to use it for any more babies!First , the whole thing is practically ALL plastic . After 2 months of using the carseat , the handle started to warp where it meets the seat . Not from heat , just from carrying the seat with the baby in it . Now , our daughter is on the small side , and was only about 9lbs when this started happening . Since then , we 've had to just keep the seat in the car , and not carry it around for fear that the handle will break off.The stroller has held up better than the carseat , however , my daughter HATES being in it ! She started sitting up at 4 months , and as soon as she did , we started putting her in the stroller without the carseat . She loved sitting up being able to look around , but as she got older , she wanted to sit up STRAIGHT ... this is impossible in the Aura . The recline for the seat is a tether tyoe strap that you pull to lift the seat , and let it out to lower it . When all the way up , the seat sits at a lounge position . It will NOT sit all the way up , and my daughter HATES it ! She ca n't reach the cup holders or snack tray at all because of the recline , and she 's almost a YEAR OLD ! Believe me , we have pulled and pulled , and it wo n't sit up any more.One more thing ... since the stroller is ALL plastic , it scratches very easily . So , going in and out of the back of our SUV , we have to be really careful not to get it scratched . Needless to say , it 's pretty scratched up ... So , my solution ... I got a GRACO stroller . I got the Quattro Tour , and we LOVE it ! It has an awesome recline , that 's so much easier to maneuver , and it sits up perfectly straight ! It 's made so much better , and it is n't ALL PLASTIC like the Evenflo ! We love it , and our daughter does too !
 This seat is a waste of money . DO NOT PURCHASE ! The handle on it protrudes into the seat in front of it . I 've tried it in many different vehicles including a Buick with the front seat all the way up , and still had the same problem . Evenflo refused to refund my money or even apologize ! Check the recalls online . STEER CLEAR !!!!!
 After loving our Evenflo titan carseat for its comfort , ease of use , etc. , we are VERY disappointed with the generations booster seat.Positives
 I bought this for my 3 year old daughter . I have had good luck with other Evenflo car seats so tying another model was a no-brainer . However , I have been very disappointed with this seat . I agree with another reviewer who said the harness tightening knob is very hard to turn because it is pretty much right up against the seat of the car . My fingers get stuck between the knob and the seat when trying to turn . Probably the biggest reason I dislike this carseat is the comfort . The way the head rest is positioned , it actually makes my daugther 's head go forward a bit instead of either just straight back or reclined . We travel a lot and there have been many times she tries to fall asleep but ends up crying in pain due to the way the seat forces her head forward . There is no possibility of resting the head back or even to the side . We 've had this seat a few months now and I 'm definitely going to call it a loss and get a new different one .
 Way too complicated to be helpful . I have the regular Bjorn that my son loves , but it is just too hard on the back to wear for an extended period of time . I thought this design might be a good solution . There were so many areas to adjust on this model that neither my husband nor I could do it easily . It was very difficult to transfer from different sized people . Given that it only goes up to 25 lbs , we returned it and got an Ergo Baby Carrier instead .
 We bought the blue `` Active '' carrier . Once we opened it , it was by far more purple than blue . It definitely is n't the same color of the photos . That 's the only reason for it 's markdown in stars . The design of the actual BabyBjorn Baby Carrier Active is excellent . Definitely a five star design . We returned the `` blue '' one and shopped a bit more . We finally designed to get the `` Synergy '' design , which combines the ergonomic design of the `` Active '' and the breathability of the `` Air '' fabric . Hope this helps you guys ...
 These bottles are not bad if you store your milk in the fridge but not in the freezer . Keep them in the freezer and it takes FOREVER to defrost them . Extremely inconvenient . I used to take them to work to pump milk but then switch to Lansinoh Storage bags , which I find much easier to use . I would not buy these again , and I would not recommend these since they are not practical to use at all .
 Really really wish the numbers and markings were bigger - too tiny to read really . Other than that these are great for pumping and storing .
 The plastic emits a really bad plastic smell , I wonder if the smell gets into the breast milk stored in them too . For caution , I do n't recommend them .
 If you had asked me to rate these before , I would have said 5/5 because I really do like these bottles but after noticing today the bottles and caps are made from different plastics -LRB- bottles are 5 , caps are 7 -RRB- I have to give them a 1/5 -LRB- and I would give them a 0/5 if I could -RRB- . 7 plastics are not safe . I will no longer use these bottles .
 When this package arrived , I was very disappointed to see `` not for use with Single Deluxe or Freestyle breast pumps '' written in very small print on the front of the package . I assumed that because the product was made by Medela and claimed to be `` compatible with ALL Medela breast pumps , '' it would be compatible with my Medela Freestyle Breast pump .
 The average baby who nurses 8 times a day needs at least 3 ounces of milk per feeding , but these only hold about 2.7 ounces each . You 'd need at least 9 bottles to store a full day 's supply of milk . If you just want to store small amounts of milk for occasional use , these might be fine , but if you 're trying to build up a good-size supply , you 're better off using the plastic storage bags instead . The bags are way less expensive , and when stored flat , they take up a lot less room in your freezer . I pump into bottles , then pour the milk into the bags to freeze .
 when the product arrived it said it was new but there was a safety seal on it that was broken and un sealed . the seal said do not use if seal is broken for safety reasons . the bottles had water drop marks to suggest they had been used and washed . I was very disappointed and threw them in the trash . I figured if i had to pay shipping to return not worth the time . Please whoever sent these please let them know especially for storing breast milk this was so unacceptable .
 These have a horrible plastic smell after 2 hand washings , 2 sterilizations , and a run through the dishwasher . I would n't store my own beverages in them let alone my baby 's milk . None of my other Medela products smell this bad , I do n't know why these bottles do .
 Personally barely ever used this size . Much better off purchasing the 4 oz storage bottles . I have a whole stock of them that I only use if I 'm out of the 4 oz containers .
 The tubes have very very bad and strong plastic smell . Even after I washed the tubes and boiled them with hot water again , the smell was still very strong . The other plastic products from medela do not have the same smell . For the babies ' safty , I do NOT recommend the product to anyone .
 My little guy started taking 6 ounces at a time by 2 months of age , so I these bottles had a very limited range of use for me . Size aside , I also found that labeling them was a problem . I like to label my breastmilk with his name , the date of collection and how many ounces are included , especially now that he is in daycare . There are n't any directions included in the box , and I could n't figure out how to label and re-label these bottles with every collection .
 I am very disappointed with this product . The color is good and the sheet feels nice , but it does n't stay tight on the mattress , and it gets those annoying little balls on it with washing -LRB- or rubbing -RRB- . I do n't use it any more as I do n't think it 's safe for my baby .
 I am very dissapointed with this product , I would never buy something like this again , the feel of the sheet is absolutely not good or soft for the skin 's baby . It 's supposed to be 100 % cotton but it really does n't look like.I tried to washed with a very delicate soap but the result is the same . It is so rough to the touch . I do n't plan to use it for my baby . Have n't even tried .
 I was very unhappy with the fact that the dots on these sheets are `` painted '' on . The paint is a rubbery , yucky feeling paint that I would not put my baby 's skin against . It would have been nice to know from the product description that the design was not woven into the fabric . I would n't have bought it in the first place . It 's too bad , the sheet itself is a nice color and would have looked great in the nursery .
 The sheet seems to be made well though it fits a loosely . Despite being made of cotton and having a 220 thread count , it feels quite rough . The only cotton crib sheets I 've found so far that feel smoother are Laura Ashley.I ordered blue and in the picture it has a woven or printed dot pattern . That 's not what I received . I received solid blue .
 I am very dissapointed with this product , I would never buy something like this again , the feel of the sheet is absolutely not good or soft for the skin 's baby . It 's supposed to be 100 % cotton but it really does n't look like.I tried to washed with a very delicate soap but the result is the same . It is so rough to the touch . I do n't plan to use it for my baby . Have n't even tried .
 I was very unhappy with the fact that the dots on these sheets are `` painted '' on . The paint is a rubbery , yucky feeling paint that I would not put my baby 's skin against . It would have been nice to know from the product description that the design was not woven into the fabric . I would n't have bought it in the first place . It 's too bad , the sheet itself is a nice color and would have looked great in the nursery .
 The sheet seems to be made well though it fits a loosely . Despite being made of cotton and having a 220 thread count , it feels quite rough . The only cotton crib sheets I 've found so far that feel smoother are Laura Ashley.I ordered blue and in the picture it has a woven or printed dot pattern . That 's not what I received . I received solid blue .
 I am very disappointed with this product . The color is good and the sheet feels nice , but it does n't stay tight on the mattress , and it gets those annoying little balls on it with washing -LRB- or rubbing -RRB- . I do n't use it any more as I do n't think it 's safe for my baby .
 We purchased this exact bed in white for my 19 month old . She had been sleeping well in it for about a week . One night we awoke to her crying to find her trapped UNDER the bed . Her whole body was under the bed and she could not move her head - VERY scary . It took both my husband and myself to lift the bed and get her out . I do n't know why or how she did it - but just know it CAN be done . Be careful if your child is a bit restless or curious . She is an average sized toddler too - not very tiny.On the up side , this bed is beautiful and easy to assemble . I agree that the side rails could be a bit longer and higher , but I 've obviously got bigger problems !! She is now sleeping in a crib again . Will give this bed a try again in 6 months or so .
 I ordered it , I waited one week , then two weeks , I complained about no delivery , they said it was UPS 's fault for losing the package , they said they reshipped it again , it never arrived . I wound up disappointed , and claimed for my money back.Rather sad .
 I thought I would love these because the NUK pacifiers are a favorite in our house . Unfortunately , I have more complaints than compliments about these bottles.FIrst , the `` air-wave '' vent that is advertised to have the same functionality as the Avent vent system is practically useless . The nipples have a second hole at the base of the nipple where it meets the ring , and the idea behind this is to allow air into the bottle to prevent vacuum build-up . Unfortunately , my baby will suck away at this bottle until the nipple collapses into the inside of the bottle . The little air hole does n't work unless I pinch it with my fingers while she 's eating . The whole purpose of the `` air-wave '' is to reduce the amount of air that a baby swallows while eating . But when I have to repeatedly take the bottle out of baby 's mouth to release the vacuum pressure buildup -LRB- because the air hole does n't work properly -RRB- , she ends up only taking in more air because she has to re-latch on to the bottle every couple minutes.Second , as other reviewers have mentioned , there is an `` up '' side and a `` down '' side to the nipple -- it needs to be inserted the right way up into baby 's mouth or no milk comes out . While it 's pretty self-evident to an experienced mother when I 'm feeding baby during the day in the light , this is frustrating for middle-of-the-night feedings when I leave the lights out . The `` right way up '' is also not obvious to babysitters , aunts/uncles , and grandma/grandpa , who invariably end up sticking the bottle in any-which-way . This inconvenience would be tolerable if the bottle functioned well in other respects . Since it does n't have anything to offer besides a different nipple shape though , I do n't think it 's worth it.Third , the cap does n't fit over the nipple in a way that prevents spills . There is easily a half an inch between the bottle cap and top of the nipple , which means that any time the bottle is less than vertical -LRB- in a diaper bag , for example -RRB- , milk spills into the cap . This would n't be so bad if it stopped there . For whatever reason , NUK included SLITS in the cap on either side , so any milk that spills into the cap spills right out . You may as well use no cap . This baffles me -- who designs an entirely useless bottle cap ? I suppose it 's only purpose is to -LRB- somewhat -RRB- keep the nipple clean.Fourth , the last 1/4 ounce of milk gets `` trapped '' on the top ledge of the bottle . The acute corners of the bottle also make it more difficult to properly clean the crevices at the bottom and top of the bottle.I think NUK has several improvements to make ... We stick with Dr. Brown 's and Avent bottles .
 I bought these bottles because I heard/read such nice reviews . The nipples are.the.worst . They are silicone which is great but they are waaay too soft and collapse constantly . I am still nursing but supplement and these do not work at all and we are only on the 1st stage nipple . Please do n't buy these , there are much better bottles out there . We love the MAM and the NUby Silicone bottles the best and will be buying more of those .
 After using Avent -LRB- wide nipple -RRB- and Dr. Brown 's -LRB- standard nipple -RRB- , I found that Dr. Brown 's smaller nipple was much better for my baby 's tiny mouth . As much as I love Avent bottle 's anti-gas design , the nipple was too wide at the base and milk would squirt out of the corner of my baby 's mouth constantly . I switched to Dr. Brown 's standard nipple which worked great , but I hated washing all those parts . I decided to try this one since the previous reviews rave about decrease in the dribbling of milk , however , this did not work for me . My baby was even messier with this nipple , making loud smacking noises while she sucked and having a constant stream of milk going down her chin , making a mess everywhere.I really wanted to like these because they are cute bottles , but they did not work for my baby .
 The idea and design of the nipple sounds great but it is the worse nipple ever created . I have tried numerous times to feed my newborn with this nipple , hoping she will get used to the different design of having the opening on top of the nipple as opposed to the tip of the nipple . My baby just could not get any milk out of the bottle despite the instructions to properly insert the nipple in a baby 's mouth . We got frustrated with the nuk nipple and switched to a different brand . I DO NOT RECOMMEND NUK ORTHODONTIC TO ANYONE !
 Alrighty , so I bought these bottles for my son when he was 6 months old . I personally did n't like these bottles . The nipples always seemed too large and hard for him to grip in his mouth . I went through several shirts and bibs while using these . I used the bottles for a week and found that I simply couldnt take it anymore . I had to dump the bottles in the trash can and move on . I was really disappointed with the price and the product quality . Maybe just my luck ?! Best wishes to all that buy these adorable bottles !
 bought this because it got nice review . however , i 'm disappointed by its so-called `` air-system '' . I have to pull it out many times during feeding to let the air in . that makes baby cries ... really frustrated ...
 I bought the seat protector for my car seat , and this seatback organizer about a month ago . I went to install it in my car this past weekend , and there 's just no way to make this one work . Apparently the straps on these can come in either clip , buckle or velcro , but it does n't specify which you will get . Mine arrived with velcro top straps , which go around the base or posts of the headrest . Unfortunately , since my headrest has two metal posts , instead of being part of the seat -LRB- like in some SUVs , etc -RRB- , the straps are too loose when the organizer lays flush to the seat . If I tighten the straps to fit around the posts , the whole organizer ends up hanging down , and practically folds in half . I could remedy the situation by strapping the velcro straps around the headrest itself , but does n't that mean whoever sits in my front passenger seat would have their hair ripped out by the overlapped velcro ? Not so nice . Also , the bottom secures around the lower portion of the seat with a nylon cord/rope thing , which does n't stay tightly tied unless you double knot it really hard . I guess for some cars this would be great , maybe if your front seat is taller and wider than mine like some big cars , but I drive a 2001 VW Jetta , and it definitely does n't fit at all .
 We bought this for storage of items while on the go as well as a seat protector from our toddler kicking the back of the seat . I could tell when I took the product out of the package it was n't the best quality but we figured it would do the trick . When my husband went to install it he said the strap at the top that secures it around the headrest should have had more velcro so it would be easier to attach . He ended up wrapping it around several times until it lined up . With in the first week of having it the big pocket in the middle ripped , the stitching was very poor quality and with my toddler rubbing her feet on it a couple times it did n't last long at all . So now it has a ripped pocket that we ca n't use . Next time I will spend a little extra money to get a better quality item . One more thing ... I have found that most of the mesh pockets are so small that I ca n't get much to fit in them . Small toys , sippy cups etc do not fit . Bummer !
 I bought two for our Toyota Highlander . The cheap velcro strap did not attach securely to the headrest , and they saged , creating a saggy gap between the back of the seat and the `` organizer . '' The bottom attachment -- a flimsy string -- was also impossible to tie tightly to the base of the seat . One of them did not even last a year -- the cheap velcro strap on top broke . Just junk .
 Holds little , does n't attach tightly ... the picture is deceiving as far as how much it will hold . I was disappointed .
 Look wise , this looks great , but in reality , I had to send it back because the top strap is way too long to create a secure fit around the seat . It will slide all over , and not serve it 's purpose very well .
 The car seatback organizer is very , very flimsy . It was not holding up and stuff are falling off the organizer . It was not designed to be on the back of a seat - maybe it is designed for a specific car model ? I got an Accord and do n't work at all . Waste of money .
 I placed an order for two Sunshine car organizers and was shipped Diono Stow n Go organizers.The Diono is now selling for $ 7.99 a piece and was not a good product.It never mentioned anything about a refund in the difference from a $ 14.99 product to a $ 7.99 product.I called and returned the Diono 's and was told to try again to get the Sunshine Kid organizers.Ordered again and again was sent the Diono product.I have the Sunshine Kids organizer and wanted another one.Clearly Dainty Baby which is were I was told it was coming from has a problem .
 It holds almost nothing it would be more useful if it were one big pocket . Everything you put into it falls out and if you have a toddler/child with long enough legs then they kick everything out of it that will stay in it . waste of money
 The very first thing I noticed when I opened the package is strong intoxicating plastic smell . Even my husband , who ca n't smell half of the things I can , pointed it out . Hardly something I want to have around my baby . Next I noticed that a lot of space was wasted because the pockets did not cover the entire surface . The only upside of this item is the thin strap on the bottom -LRB- vs the thicker ones that other brands have -RRB- that wo n't get in the way of the person in the seat it is attached to .
 I had this thing for maybe a month and the stitching came undone on the pouch . Also , it does not attach very securely to your seat so it just kinda flops around . The string on the bottom that you use to tie it to the seat is very flimsy and is always coming undone . Really dissapointed in this product . * Update * I ended up just throwing this thing away . I tried super gluing the pouch that came undone and that only worked for another month or so . I ended up getting the Munchkin one and it is great ! Not only is much better quality BUT it is actually about 5 dollars cheaper ! Do n't waste your money on this one .
 I like that it has a lot of pockets and an adjustable velcro strap at the top but the bottom is a string that you tie together and it does n't work very well . The material is kinda thin and overall very flimsy . not happy with this purchase but i guess i should 've have known because of the price .
 This was a complete waste . It is cheaply made and my daughter tore it up w/in a matter of a couple weeks . With her feet she was able to rip off the pocket and Velcro . She has long legs and by her legs rubbing on this product it destroyed . Not worth the money I paid for it .
 Is not as spacious as it looks in the picture.The top Velcro belt provided does not give a good fit . Overall not impressed .
 This case fit our Radian seat perfectly -LRB- once you figure out the correct orientation , which is not immediately obvious and there are no instructions -RRB- . However , the case lasted barely half a trip . During the first half , a small tear developed where the backpack straps meet the body of the bag . It did n't look bad enough that it would cause a problem on the rest of the trip . However , when I loaded the seat for the return trip to the airport , the zipper broke making it impossible to close the bag , and thus rendering the bag incapable of holding the seat . Which made life with all of our luggage , plus a seat that I now had to somehow carry , very difficult indeed.Note that this bag was only used transporting the seat to/from the airport , it was n't like it was mistreated in checked luggage or something . Very disappointing .
 I wish the carrying bag was made as strong as the car seat , but unfortunately , it 's not . I 've now gone through 2 of these , each one has only made for part of a trip and died . The first bag had the shoulder strap holder tear loose from the bag while in the security , the second bag had the seams bust apart in two locations and the zipper pulled off the track.For those interested I managed to salvage some portability of the unit by purchasing a luggage strap from target and using it to strap the folding seat closed . Then I used one of the shoulder straps from the case and fastened it to the the nylon eyelets one side of the chair .
 I only traveled a 2 1/2 hour flight . When I went to pick up the car seat from the belt , the handle broke . The bag kept in place but without the handle what 's the use . I ca n't imagine if I was going across Europe or wanted to use this more than once .
 I wish Sunshine Kids had put as much thought into their carrying case as they did the Radian Car Seat . It seems someone miscalculated the measurements of the car seat when creating the cover . The cover is made to fit so very snuggly that it takes my husband standing on the folded car seat while we wiggle it into the case ... and forget putting the rear-facing base in the case - they simply did n't expect you take that along . The car seat has traveled with us on about 8 trips -LRB- 16 flights -RRB- and the bag is already pulling apart at the seams . If you bought the folding car seat , just go buy a duffle bag with wheels to travel with the car seat .
 Purchased 2 of these bags to go with the carseats for a recent trip ... after one flight and on the way to the gate of our connecting flight one of the straps ripped out of the bag , rendering the backpack useless , but we were able to hook it to a different side and use as a shoulder bag for the rest of the trip . On the return trip the zipper pull pulled all the way off of the other bag , and I had to rip the zipper apart to get the carseat out.When these worked the backpack option was great , made carrying two carseats through security and the airport almost a breeze . BUT they did not seem to be made luggage quality to hold up to the rigors of travel .
 I like the idea of carrying your carseat on your back in a backpack , but this product is not well-designed . Even after my husband and I folded our Radian 65 down completely we had a very difficult time fitting it in this bag -- it was as if the bag were designed for a different seat . The zipper broke as we were trying to get the carseat into the airport . We ended up having the airline put our seat in a plastic bag and checking it with our luggage . We threw this bag away .
 Yes I have a radian 65 . First trip with this bag , seam broke at the airport . Strap broke within a few hours . Company did send us a new one but I do n't anticipate it will be any different . And we followed all instructions . Do n't buy this product .
 This bag let me down when I needed it . It ripped while going down the isle of the plane and then for the duration of the trip I had to carry it by hand . The seat is n't light either .
 I bought this carseat case ... and I agree with most of the other posters regarding the same issues.Problem 1 -RRB- I left the straps on the bag , they were ripped off , which yes left a huge rip in the side of the bagProblem 2 -RRB- The carseat ONLY fits in ONE WAY AND ONE WAY ONLY , so if you ca n't figure it out using the 4 different positions , it can take a while , plus I think 2 people are needed to help hold it up , zip it , and clench it shutProblem 3 -RRB- The zipper did break off , just kept unzipping so I had to break into the bag to get my carseat out . Thankfully it was when I was at home.My recommendation is ... leave your carseat at home and get one from the firedepartment . They require a small deposit which you get back , and allow you not to lug your carseat around all over the place . Or get one from your rental agency , much less hassle than hauling this 20lb + carseat around in its virtually useless `` carseat carry case `` Other than using a Graco infant seat , this carseat wo n't ever see the underside of the plane belly . . probably because I ca n't get the clips off the back of the carseat to begin with . And I dont even want to imagine what else will end up breaking or torn .
 We 've been through three of these for the two Radian seats we own . Not one of them has has lasted more than two uses before a seam rips or a zipper breaks . The fit is impossibly tight and if you do n't get the seat in perfectly , the zipper will not close without breaking . I finally bought a couple of $ 12 duffels at Target which did the job and look much sturdier . To quote another reviewer , `` Nice idea ... terrible quality '' .
 While I looked for this product exhaustively and was so excited to find it , I 'm sorry that I spent the extra $ 60 now -LRB- I had to buy 3 -RRB- . This product is form-fitting and has no markings or instructions to tell you which way it fits over the car seat . If , like me , you just think you can tug the zipper up over the carseat , you 'll find that you are not only wrong , but you 'll blow the zipper and the seam , leaving you with nothing . Skip it and just check the carseat in with your luggage if your taking it on travel ...
 The first time we used this on a short 2-hour flight one of the backpack straps broke off , making it a lot harder to carry . The second time we used it , the other one broke off along with one of the zippers . The idea is great , but the quality is VERY poor -- please do not buy it !
 Our story is no different . Bought the seat , bought the bag ... . bag riped on our second use . Called the customer service , asked for a replacement bag within a week before our next trip . Said it would be mailed . No bag arrived 3 days prior to our departure and called again , and got the run around that they could n't ship it as their office was moving . I asked why it was n't shipped before their ` so called move ' when we initially called and got no answer . -LRB- BTW , how hard is it to throw something in the mail ? -RRB- . We left lugging the thing through the airport by hand . Worthless customer serivce ! Buyer beware . I wish there was an option for -5 stars .
 We ordered this seat carrying case for our cross counry trip . The very first time we put our son 's seat in it , the seam ripped and the whole side was exposed . When we checked it to board our flight we removed the straps like you would any other piece of luggage and upon return to us , the place where the clip to the strap fits in was ripped off . We have requested a replacement case but have not used it yet . If it is anything like our first experience , I would not recommend this product . It is a good idea and I can see how this could be a nice way to transport this rather heavy seat , but I think they should re-design how they reinforce the stitching around the strap clips and the edging .
 Bought this product to carry our new seat through the airport . First there were no instructions to tell you that there is only one way to make this seat fit into the bag . When we finally turned it over and a around and zipped it closed it started to tear out below the end of the zipper . On the way to board the plane the shoulder strap came unsewn from the case , causing the seat to fall on the floor and almost hitting someone in the leg . This little accident caused a bigger rip in the seam and by the time we came home we just wrapped up the case with green duct tape so that it would stay closed . Good product `` in '' the case - but certainly `` not '' the case.Unhappy Grandma
 I had to return this item because the description did not indicate that it was for a specific type of carseat . I was quite surprised when I opened the package . If you do n't have this brand of carseat , look at another manufacturer such as graco .
 These quilt clips were so cute that I ordered 2 sets . I was disappointed to receive 1 of 2 boxes with a very broken product - beyond what shipping would have caused . Because these were intended for my nursery , I decided that I should return both sets , rather than risk the other set breaking above my baby 's crib.When I called Baby SuperMall to explain the problem , they quickly offered to pay for the return shipping . All I needed to do was drop off the package at a local UPS store.Well , that sounded great , for about 5 minutes . Baby SuperMall called me back to tell me they did n't want the damaged product and , even though I can no longer use the other set because one was broken beyond repair , I have to pay to ship it back . So , I had to pay to ship 2 worthless items and now I have to pay to ship one back . Oh , and I 'm still waiting for them to refund the defective product ... Not worth the trouble .
 These exact same wicker baskets -LRB- of the same size -RRB- are advertised as being for organizing your changing table shelves on the Babies ' R Us website . However , they are far too small to efficiently use the space under the changing tables . I 'm thinking of getting a wall mount shelf to put these on instead , because I 'm unwilling to waste so much space under the changing table . The gingham colored bows are a nice little feature ; they actually include pink , blue , green and white bows with every basket so you can match to the nursery . I would 've liked purple or lavender , actually , but I guess you ca n't have everything . Construction is just as you might expect for a wicker basket , not unusually cheap or anything like that . I gave it 2 stars only because of the inconvenient size . Guess I should have measured first .
 Do NOT buy this product . We bought it as it looked like a great product , until we put it together . The main tables are made of very thin particle board , very flimsy . Main supporting legs broke before anything heavy was even placed on it . Thank God we put it together before the baby was born , this is a MAJOR safety hazzard . I am contacting Amazon and recommending they take this off there site .
 The table was damaged , scratched and not good.Many scratches , when unpacked , packaging tie was broken a holein the cardboard , but scratches throughout .
 These baskets are awful . I usually do n't return anything to amazon.com , since most items are great , but these are loser baskets . First of all , they stink . They are so stinky , they give me a headache . Secondly , the wood is not smooth . Then , the paint chips . The liners do n't fit . I am afraid to put my baby 's blankets in these baskets because I think the wood may push through the thin , crummy liner and my baby will get splinters . YUCK . I rarely write a review , but these are seriously awful baskets . I ca n't believe all the positive reviews this item has received .
 I registered and recevied these baskets for my baby shower . I thought the were cute and would look cute in my sons room . I had planned to use them to hold diapers and baby toiletries . They would nave even worked nicely as little toy baskets , but I will not use them . The paint chips off VERY eaisly . It makes a mess of the whole house and fills up the baskets . I would n't want to put anything of my sons in them for fear paint chips would get on his things . I thought they would be better quality considering the price . Do n't waste your money .
 My husband and I were very excited to receive this as a gift off of our baby registry . As we were putting the liners in the baskets and placing them in the changing table , we noticed white paint flakes and white paint powder all over our hands , the changing table , and the carpet.We immediately sent these back , as we did not want paint flakes and dust floating around in our daughter 's room .
 I received a set of these for my shower . At first , they seemed ok , but after a short time of handling them they began to wear very easily . The paint does chip and the wicker becomes brittle and cracks . I have found pieces of the wicker -LRB- as do my 2 year old twins -RRB- around the house constantly . I would highly suggest finding canvas totes that work instead . Much safer than these baskets !
 My husband and I registered for three sets of these baskets and also the hamper . The only problem is when we got them , they were all different shades of blue ! If you are looking for more than one set do not buy these because they will not match !
 I received two of these baskets as shower gifts . I use them to store my 9 month old daughters toys . I set her in her pac-n-play with one of the baskets . She was in my sight the whole time as I cleaned up the kitchen . About 15 minutes later I see white paint flakes on her chin and she is drooling . I managed to look in her mouth to find a piece of the basket in her cheek ! I would not have known that it was in her mouth and would have put her down for a nap like that . I am throwing these baskets out and I will get cloth containers .
 I got this hamper as a gift . I returned it the next day . The white paint chips off all over .
 I really thought that I would like to own this hamper when I was registering for my new baby . I thought it was pretty , and it would go well with the decor of the nursery . After actually using it , I wished that I did not register for it because the wicker does tend to be fragile and not sturdy . It 's purpose is more for looks than for function . The splinters come off into the baby 's clothes , especially from the lid of the hamper . -LSB- My daughter wo n't exactly be able to tell me that she has a splinter in her clothes because she is just not born yet -- due out next week . =-RRB- -RSB- The liner bag gets stuck on the wicker when I am trying to either remover the bag , adjust it , or place it back in the hamper . Also , I think that the hamper is a little bit on the pricey side . I only have it because I received it as a shower gift . I would never have spent that much money on a hamper . One positive note is that I still think the hamper is a pretty hamper , and it looks really nice in my daughter 's nursery .
 I bought this for my main bathroom , and was disapponted as it is chipping all over , and will not last more than 1 year . Will replace with a large plastic hamper which gives more depth but takes up the same amount of space . Looks nice if the paint did not chip and pieces of wicker were not falling off as well .
 Did n't like the Hamper at all the wood around the handles started to break . The wood peices break and are very sharp . Children will fall into them and hurt themselves . My children have walked past it and scraped themselves good . Do n't recommend around children .
 I really thought that I would like to own this hamper when I was registering for my new baby . I thought it was pretty , and it would go well with the decor of the nursery . After actually using it , I wished that I did not register for it because the wicker does tend to be fragile and not sturdy . It 's purpose is more for looks than for function . The splinters come off into the baby 's clothes , especially from the lid of the hamper . -LSB- My daughter wo n't exactly be able to tell me that she has a splinter in her clothes because she is just not born yet -- due out next week . =-RRB- -RSB- The liner bag gets stuck on the wicker when I am trying to either remover the bag , adjust it , or place it back in the hamper . Also , I think that the hamper is a little bit on the pricey side . I only have it because I received it as a shower gift . I would never have spent that much money on a hamper . One positive note is that I still think the hamper is a pretty hamper , and it looks really nice in my daughter 's nursery .
 I think this is a very pretty basket , but , the minute I opened it , pieces of the basket were falling off . For the money , it 's not worth it , unless you do n't use it and use it for show , because once pieces fall off they are very sharp .
 I thought that this product was going to be perfect . It looked adorable in the picture . I purchased it and when I opened the box I was covered in little white paint chips . Basically the paint was chipping from the entire basket . I had to return it to the store and then spent a week cleaning up the paint chips that I keep finding around the nursery .
 This little hamper is adorable , but looks are sometimes deceiving . It is not quite sturdy enough for the abuse of being used on a daily basis , or the abuse my toddler can dish out . Cute for `` looks '' but not an everyday hamper .
 Below is the text of my OXO Good Grips Food Mill review . I am also posting it here since it is relevant to people considering the RSVP product since this was the product I compared it to . -- I compared the OXO Food mill with the RSVP mill online before purchasing . I first went with the RSVP product based strictly on price -LRB- since the ratings were essentially the same -RRB- . The first thing I made was Tomato Sauce/marinara wherein I cooked tomatoes with garlic , herbs , and Olive oil and passed them through the mill . Immediately , I saw there was a LOT of waste with the RSVP mill . The food would just spin around in the top of the mill and not be passed through the holes in the metal disc -LRB- coarsest disc used -RRB- . I shook the thing , ran the crank in the opposite direction to move the food around and reposition it . took out my wooden spoon to ` help ' the mill by breaking down the tomatoes more . bit by bit , more and more food got processed but despite all my efforts , I would estimate 10-15 percent of the tomatoes just would n't go through , even after 5-10 minutes of cajoling . Let me make something clear here . These tomatoes were canned Marzano tomatoes which had ALREADY BEEN PEELED AND SEEDED - they practically crush themselves . It seemed to me that since the ` bad ' stuff the mill was designed to remove was already gone , every bit of these tomatoes should gone through . I had a similar experience with my applesauce attempt using the medium disc . A lot of wasted apples and a rather meager -LRB- though delicious ! -RRB- yield of applesauce.I 'd never owned a Food Mill before and just thought this was how they worked ... I was browsing Sur La Table one afternoon and they had the OXO mill out on display . The disks caught my eye . They were not just discs with holes cut in them , but were actually shaped to allow the food to pass through them . The holes were raised slightly , almost like the blades of a cheese grater . You could tell by looking at them that much more food would be crushed and pushed through . So I came home and ordered the OXO mill from Amazon as well.Night and day.On my marinara test as well as the applesauce test , the OXO mill ran circles around RSVP . All of the tomatoes went through and the resulting marinara had an excellent texture - not soupy in the least . I cranked less than 2 minutes . The applesauce was perfect as well and the Mill worked as promised - removing the peels and the seeds . In both cases , the yield was much higher.To me , the only thing I think the RSVP mill has going for it is the looks and general quality of construction . It is heavy stainless steel and all of the parts will clearly last a lifetime . It has a distinctly professional/industrial look and feel to it . The OXO has a good weight to it , and it definitely feels like it is well made , but there are some plastic parts -LRB- most notably the ` quick release ' mechanism for attaching the crank -RRB- which leaves me with the lingering feeling that someday , years in the future , this will have to be replaced.Still , I would highly recommend the OXO Good Grips Food Mill to anyone in the market for a food mill for home use . If/When it does fail , I will not hesitate to buy another one -LRB- unless of course , it breaks down in like a week -LRB- doubtful -RRB- -RRB-
 This item is attractive in its appearance and design . However , it is difficult to use for canning tomato juice.This mill lacks the wire that dispenses with the pulp on the underneath side which is very much needed for such an application . It also seems to be lacking tension in the rotary portion of the blade and therefore leaves a lot of juice and pulp resulting in waste and a less rich canned product.From having used many in the past , I immediately noticed these disparities and overall it is a product for very lightweight tasks in my opinion .
 I had great expectations for this food mill , especially for tomatoes and making sauce . This product was a HUGE disappointment . The tomatoes i used were parboiled for 7 minutes making them extremely mushy . But the food mill only pushed them along . I had more luck putting them in a screen basket and working them with a potato masher . It was a total flop . This mill may be good for mashed potatoes or applesauce but then hey , why not just use a potato masher instead of using AND WASHING all these parts . Not one of my better amazon choices .
 First off , I really wanted to like this food mill . The price is right , the qualityis heavy , nice looking and there are no sharp edges.However , the food mill hangs off the top , which means there is 4.25 inches below the rimof your bowl or pot . That 's not practical as I 'm not going to process a lot of stuff to warrant mystock pot and using a step ladder -LRB- I 'm short -RRB- . I should be able to cook say 6 apples and dump them in the millplaced on top of a bowl . Or , puree a few carrots.Just see the pictures.I ruled out OXO because of the price and plastic parts . If I get another food mill it will be one that has legs to sit on top of a bowl.For canning tomatoes and berries , I will probably purchase the Victorio.Victorio VKP250 Model 250 Food Strainer and Sauce MakerI am returning the RSVP Endurance food mill without testdriving it as I saw it would n't work for me right off the bat .
 this food mill has a blade that is too far from the grate . You waste alot of food with this mill . I have returned this product .
 I bought this bottle for my aunt who recently had a baby . I take care of her baby alot and wanted to find the right bottle for him . He tends to have gas so didnt ' want a bottle that would possibly cause more . This bottle makes a sound while he is sucking that sounds like air being suck in . It sounds like he is swallowing air as he sucks . The positive thing is that it is a inexpensive bottle . It also did not leak at all . It was easy to clean . The only problem is the air I hear . I placed the bottle down after a feeding and I hear the air being sucked in . So I 'm going to continue my search in finding the right bottle .
 I bought the slipcover to avoid having to wash the entire boppy and wait for it to dry . It was a pointless purchase . If anything leaks onto the slipcover it goes right through to the Boppy anyway and you have to wash them both . Also , it is so thin my daughter 's -LRB- 3 months -RRB- little nails put a huge run it . For a little more than its cost , you could buy a new Boppy . I recommend buying 2 Boppys instead of the slipcover .
 Why bother with a boppy cover when it does nothing to protect the boppy from spit-ups and poop accidents ? It 's not practical to throw the boppy in the was each time this happens . I can only imagine how stinky this boppy will soon get .
 Was told I would need this to cover the boppy while nursing my first daughter . It remains unused . I prefer to cover the boppy with a receiving blanket and then use the remaining blanket to wrap over the baby . So far boppy is spotless despite using it for nearly every feeding for the past three months . She has just now outgrown the boppy , and the cover will be returned !
 It is paper like and so fragile.It will easily rip.The babies R us multi use pad or huggies changing pads are better in quality.This item is good if you want something cheap and large quantity .
 totally horrible . do n't buy . they ought to stop selling this item . waste of time & money . get huggies or babiesrus type
 I thought I 'd try these out since they were 1/4 of the price of the Huggies changing pads . I got 1/4 of the quality ... they are tiny and ultra thin . Like an itchy paper towel with saran wrap stuck to the back of them . If you want something you can lay down and actually be happy to change your baby on , this is not the product for you .
 I bought these only to keep in the diaper bag to use when I have my baby in a public restroom and do n't want her to touch the communal changing table . I chose this option thinking it would be better than using reusable vinyl pads that are made in China and have lead . I should have heeded the negative reviews.I realized these were small , but they are super tiny . Even my little munchkin who is still around 12 pounds at nearly three months of age will not be able to get away with using just one of these at a time if I do n't want her to touch the changing table . That means I have to overlap two of them , which is double the cost and still does n't provide enough coverage when she wiggles , scoots , and kicks . When other reviewers said they are thin , they were not exaggerating . I have used two ply toilet paper that feels thicker than one of these , except these have some sort of mega-thin plasticized element that must be there to purportedly help make them waterproof . I honestly do n't see how this will hold anybody 's urine because I doubt that anything this thin can be that absorbent.If you need something to use for a changing table in your home , I would highly recommend buying some old-school Gerber lap pads . They have cotton flannel on both sides , with a layer of waterproof material in the middle . I have used them on top of my normal changing table pad since day one and have never had anything leak through one of them . I am now considering buying more of them to carry in the diaper bag and just bag them and wash them at home after each use . They are much thicker and look more comfortable than this tiny , thin , cheap stuff from Sassy . Plus , one of them is big enough to prevent my baby from actually touching the gross , germy changing table.Bottom line
 I have had changing many pads in the past but this is the absolute - THINEST - WORST - DANGEROUS - ones yet ! Please do not waste your money or frustration ! Try changing a 6 month old baby on the these while the baby is ripping pieces off & trying to put them in his/her mouth while you are trying to change them , readjust position of paper - it `` RIPS '' , & keep baby kinda still -LRB- if not - it will rip more -RRB- - Good Luck With That ! I have napkins thicker than these ! They should put a Warning Label on them `` CAUTION - BABY MAY CHOKE ON PAPER OR YOUR BLOOD PRESSURE MAY RISE EXTREMELY TRYING TO CHANGE BABY '' !!!
 These pads are so cheaply made . They ca n't stand a chance with a baby kicking their legs during diaper change . I have the box just sitting there almost full because I can get no use out of them . Maybe as placemats ?? Anyway , it honestly makes more sense to pay more for the Huggies pads because they at least last a week or so compared to these that last not even a full diaper change .
 Cheap price , but cheap quality too . The baby just kicks and tears it because it 's paper thin and moisture sometimes soaks through . They 're ok for keeping in the diaper bag for when you 're out , but too much of a hassle to use all the time on a changing table or baby bed .
 I tried these , PeeWee Multi Use Disposable Changing Pads - 48 Pack , Huggies Changing Pads - Disposable , Case of 40 -LRB- 5 packs of 8 pads -RRB- & Munchkin A&H ; Disposable Changing Pad - 10 Pack , and these are my least favorite.Pros : They 're inexpensive , so they may be good if you want to thow them out after every use -LRB- maybe for public changing tables -RRB- The waterproof layer works fine.Cons : They 're thin , almost reminding me of toilet paper in public school bathrooms -LRB- a long time ago . -RRB- They 're small , so if I did n't use two pads to cover the target area , my daughter 's changing time poop squirts often ended up off the pad.When they stay clean , they hardly stay in place ; kicking feet scoot them out of the way , and then they cling to baby 's clothes when I pick her up.I ended up using these as disposable placemats for when my 3-year-old `` helps '' me stir dinner .
 Do not bother with this product - it will not save you time or clean-up ! The pads are super flimsy and no better than a paper towel . We had purchased a different brand before and LOVED them as they saved time and clean-up woes when our little one decides to continue going to the bathroom during a changing . If you have a kicker or squirmer , this pad will be gone in two kicks . They are useless - just use a paper towel instead and save some money .
 I should have read more carefully the previous comments ... These changing pads are really too thin , not what I was looking for and expecting ... Like a previous user was saying , it is a bit like the disposable papers at the dentist : sSo a bit useless , but well ... We are using them , but we will not buy again !
 They were much thinner than I expected and therefore did not lay flat when I changed my grandson . The price is excellent . However , it 's not much thicker than a paper towel which does n't stay in place while changing a baby . It is water-proof and will do what it needs too on that category .
 I bought these figuring why do I need to drop a bunch of money on something that 's only going to get pooped on and thrown away ? But I guess you get what you pay for . These are about half the length of the Munchkin changing pads , so I need two of them to line my changing table . And they 're cheap-feeling &#8212; thin and crinkly , easily kicked around by a squirming baby . I wo n't buy these again .
 I have used the other liners that I got in a box off my registry from babies r us -LRB- sorry I do n't have the name -RRB- . I use them for public changing as well as put on the changing pad to protect from leaks . The ones I had would last until poop got on it or an excessive amount of spit up . I used one box of 16 or so in 2 1/2 months . These rip pretty much right when I lay her down or she moves . -LRB- She is 3 1/2 months old now -RRB- . They are also quite small . A waste of money .
 To me , these are terrible . They are small -LRB- only covering half of the surface under the baby -RRB- , do n't absorb much -LRB- as its like a piece of paper with a thin plastic coat on the back -RRB- and they are WAY to thin that my baby tears it all the time just from kicking and has done so since the age of 4 months . Personally I wont buy them again .
 These are really thin . They slide around easily . This can add to the mess . The Neat Solutions or Huggies ones are worth the extra money .
 Whenever my son 's even slightly damp skin touches it , it sticks to him and a piece comes off . The waterproof backing makes this extremely slippery and wo n't stay in place anyway . I 've used similar products before , and while those could be used multiple times , had we wished it , these ones do n't even last through one !
 What a waste ! they are so tiny ! it takes 5 or 6 of these things to cover a changing table in a public restroom - and they are so thin -LRB- like a sheet of paper or papertowel - that they blow around as you put them down and if your kid moves ... it just did not work for me at all . I ca n't even think of a useful way to use up what i have left.Much better to buy wee wee pads they make for puppies/kittens - they are sturdy and large enough to cover a changing table .
 I knew these where a cheap price when I bought them , so ca n't say that I did n't expect that it might be a cheap product which they are . They are soooo thin and flimsy . I was using Babies R Us store brand of disposible pads before and these do n't even compare . They are so thin that they stick right to my baby 's butt when changing and I 'm wrestling with them to unstick them and try to get a diaper under my baby ; they just fold and crinkle up . Not even worth $ 5 . I 'd say they 're only worth $ 1 . I do not plan to ever buy these again . Not recommended for every day use .
 Thinner then a tissue paper , it tears even if you handle with care.Least absorbent , you can see liquid floating on surface .
 Box advertises Absorbent/Soft . EPIC FAIL!You may as well go to HD and buy the thin plastic they sell . This product is THAT terrible.Paper part is non-existent . Thing rips.They are too small to cover any useful area.For a baby product - it 's unusable!Dog ? Grandma ? maybe!Stop selling this crap!Any 5 star reviews on this are totally fake !
 If your child moves an inch , these things will rip to shreds . Not worth the money . Get the thicker ones from a different manufacturer - you can use them more than once .
 We usually use the disposable changing pads from babiesrus but decided to give this one a try.But it 's way too thin that when our son pees , the urine will actually go through the pad and rip the pad a little.It 's way too thin to use . .
 I was really hoping these were thicker and more absorbent but these are more like dental bibs and quite thin . I am hoping I will find some other use for them in the future .
 Babies R Us has another brand that works much better - I just hate going into that store so thought I 'd order these instead . These are much lower quality - tear while baby is sitting on them .
 I purchased these pads to replace the babies r us brand ones when I ran out . My daughter loves to kick her legs when being changed and these pads are so flimsy that they would crumple up and rip . Not worth the money .
 These are not absorbent at all . My baby regularly pees on the changing table and I have used puppy pads in the past for easy clean-up . They were a little pricey so I thought I would try these . I used maybe two and the rest are sitting in a drawer . After trying these I went back to using puppy pads . Also , I know it is a little strange to comment on , but the pattern on these `` pads '' includes different colors of baby hands . One of the colors is red which looks like bloody little hand prints . Gross .
 This was a very difficult to use toilet lock . The adults were so frustrated , we never wanted to use it , which defeated the purpose . Then , we had this unsightly thing hanging off our toilet . When I took it off , the adhesive ruined the toilet lid . I had to buy a new toilet lid.I bought another toilet Gerber toilet lock which was much easier to use for adults and yet tot proof . I do n't know if they make those anymore , but it looks a lot like ChildProTech # 333 Flip Toilet Lid Lock . I do n't recommend this product at all to anyone .
 This is one of the worst designed products I have ever seen . Within 5 seconds of opening the box , it 's obvious the design has flaws because the adhesive tape wo n't stick to the toilet base , even without the heavy attachment . I bought two of this product from Lowes and intend to return both tomorrow . Unless you plan to superglue the base to your toilet , thoroughly destroying the toilet in the process , do n't waste your time with this product . It 's $ 4 for a reason .
 The same experience with me too . Very hard to open design even for Adults , the inner piece broke in 5-6 months . -LRB- I wonder why it stayed so long after seeing what poor quality the broken part was ... -RRB- . .
 We bought 2
 if you have an antique-style wooden toilet seat , this is not the lock for you . It did n't fit our seat and lid .
 If I could give zero stars I would ... Adhesive hardly sticks , directions are terrible . Once you finally get it on , it may keep your baby away , but adults in the house will have just as much trouble with it . Throwing this out and buying something else!Don ' t waste your money !
 I agree , this is a piece of junk . No instructions whatsoever , and the adhesive does not work ! very poor design - buy something else !
 Do not buy this product . It does n't even come with instructions and it broke while we were trying to `` install '' it .
 My wife tried to install and could not even separate the clamp from the part that sticks to the side of the bowl . If your seat is a replacement and over hangs the side , forget about using this . If the bracket has to be moved , forget about it ever sticking again like the first time and if your lid is convex and not uniform in thickness underneath , also forget about using this one . It ended up in the trash for us .
 This is HORRIBLE . First of all , what sort of safety product comes with no installation or use instructions ? I 'm smart , but that does n't mean I automatically know how to install every product ever manufactured to manufacturer 's specifications . Secondly , unless the front of the bowl of your toilet is flat -LRB- perhaps a cube-shaped bowl ? -RRB- , the adhesive will not stick to enough of the bowl to make the item secure . As other toilet parts also tend to curve -LRB- for example , a two flat pieces of adhesive are supposed to adhere to either side of your toilet lid , but the lids are often concave , so it 's difficult to get a secure fit .
 What a waste of money !! I ca n't believe how awful this is . First there are no instructions , second the adhesive does n't stick ... ca n't even get this to stay on the toilet . Do n't buy !
 This product 's design relies entirely on a piece of double-sided adhesive to attach the latch hook to the toilet bowl rim . The adhesive simply is n't strong enough to do the job . It * is * difficult to open the toilet lid by opening the latch -LRB- as it should be
 I was really unhappy with this lock . It not only kept the one year old from opening the lid but kept everyone else in the house from opening it as well .
 Can I just say ditto to the other reviews . Whole thing depending on a small strip of adhesive tape that will only work if your toilette happens to have flat sides on the outer rim . I ca n't believe they released this product . Mine did have instructions . Too bad the product is a piece of junk . Stay away .
 I tryed these on my toilet . My One year old still would get in the toilet . One piece broke . Good think I had 2 of them :-RRB- I tried again . Same thing this time . After a few attempts , he could get in . Then they just came `` unglued . '' So , maybe they will work on you toilet , but not mine .
 This product was a waste of my money . It was very difficult to put on and very difficult to use . My husband tore it off the day after we got it . I would rather use duck tape then this product :-RRB- : -RRB-
 Wow , this item is really a waste of time and money . The adhesive worked for about 30 seconds and then it became a doorstopper . it went from the box to the toilet to the trash in about 15 min . you do not need more time than that to realize what a piece of garbage this thing is.It is meant for people who have square toilet bowl lids and then it stayed on one time while I close the lid then the adhesive would refuse to stay on secured . seriously some other review suggested duct tape that would be probably work better . The good news is that whatever other lock you buy it can not possibly be worse than this one . Headed out to the store to buy a new one right now . Oh and my did come with instructions which make an what should be an easy process sound like you are doing major work with 8 small paragraphs and 12 illustrations which ended up alonside their friend in the trash . Zero stars . 00000 .
 My local hardware store did n't have any toilet tot locks , & the chain store only had this brand , one kind , no choices . The first one broke after 1 month of NORMAL use . The second broke after one month of NORMAL use . I would happily pay thirty bucks for one that would last more than a month & that I could give to someone else once my toddler is old enough to not try flushing toys down the toilet , but cheap sells . :-\ I refuse to pay for a THIRD one of these so I just hope we 're not snaking toys out of the toilet at all . -LRB- I would put a door knob lock on the doors , but we have door knob covers from the same brand on our door knobs & those suck too !! If my toddler hits them hard & long enough , they just FALL OFF !! -RRB-
 This product is severely flawed , does not work as advertised and defective by its design as it wo n't stick to toilet -LRB- for long -RRB- and if you do get it to stay temporarily , opening it is flawed by its mechanism which means you then rip it off the toilette with the double sided tape . It is in the top three category of most defective products ever purchased .
 This device will enable you to hear various swooshing sounds from inside the womb , but it is nearly impossible to distinguish what the sounds are . This is definitely NOT the device to buy if you want to hear your baby 's heartbeat -- I am well into the third trimester and could n't hear anything resembling a heartbeat . I would n't mind so much if the product were n't advertised as being something that would let you hear the heart , but it 's totally misleading . Not worth the money .
 Subtitle
 This product is one of the examples of easy rip offs with excited first time parents . It is almost impossible to hear heartbeats with this product . It is basically a cheap microphone with amplifier and a headset . Do not expect anything close to what you hear at your OB . You will hear lots of ` noises ' including mothers breathing , external noises amplified and everything else except baby 's heartbeats . On top of the price you pay for the product , you will spend another $ 10 for batteries -LRB- since it does not come with one and it needs expensive 9v batteries -RRB- and lots of frustration . Many stores have ` special ' return policy for this product and you may not be able to return this .
 My husband and I bought this when we were about 6 weeks along , knowing fully well that it would n't work until the third trimester -LRB- but being our first child , we figured we 'd give it a shot anyway ... we were excited , you know how it is -RRB- . I 'm now 37 weeks and never have I heard anything from it that was n't gas or my hand moving . It 's a great idea in concept , but very poor execution . Do n't waste your money .
 This does n't work . I could n't hear anything except the sound of the foam on the headset each time I moved the sensor on my belly . DO N'T buy this . I tried it my 2nd semester and intermittently up to my due date . Nothing - and I knew my baby was in there with a strong heartbeat ! I would give this zero stars if I could .
 Looking at the item as pictured , it was just what we needed . It appeared that the end attaching to the pacifier was probably velcro . This would have facilitated attachment to many pacifiers . Instead the end had a silicone ring that only allows attachment to pacifiers that have a round or oval raised surface with a lip to hold the ring in place . Not what we needed ! We only have 1 or 2 pacifiers made this way . Would not have ordered if pictured correctly !
 The clip simply does not stay put . Any child with a even a bit of strength can pull it off . I wound up with the Nuk clip instead . I also have a metal one , but that rusted so a whole different issue there .
 It looks cute but the wire is too short , the clip is big and hard which hurts my baby if he touches it .
 Color washed off within one month of use and its a little too bulky for a newborn . Recommend trying `` Baby Buddy Bear Pacifier Holder '' Love them .
 I bought this because my older daughter had one just like it about 9 years ago . This clip is being used only when we go on car rides , so baby does n't lose her pacifier . Well after about 4 months of occasional use the clip itself wo n't close all the way , so it does n't secure to anything . Pacifier constantly falls onto the floor . Very disappointed as it 's a cute design and it fit in her pacifier holder . Now its only purpose is to take up space in a landfill . Junk , do not buy !
 Baby gates can be a tricky thing and need to fit and work properly in order to be safe for your child . This gate did not properly fit in the opening in which we needed and the company REFUSES to allow us to return it because it 's outside 30 days . We purchased the gate anticipating our daughter to walk around 12 months , but she did n't until around 14 months and so unfortunately we had n't even opened the box until after their 30 days were expired . I tried to call the company , email them multiple times and even tried to work through amazon and no one would help us with this . Wish I would 've spent a little more , read the return policy more carefully and gone with a company with better customer service .
 Easy to install , sturdy gate providing excellent security . However the opening mechanism is EXTREMELY unuserfriendly ! You have to push a button -LRB- which is only on 1 side -RRB- , pull up the handle , then pull up and hold the middle of the gate door and swing open . I can only assume the pulling up part is a sort of secondary safety to keep the gate closed even though the handle is not engaged . Guests and babysitter have a HECK of a time figuring out how to open the gate . One of my late arriving family members `` forced '' it open -LRB- did n't do the pull up and hold -RRB- and it came crashing down in my hardwood hallwall at 4am ... . it was NOT appreciated .
 This gate serves its purpose and stands firm and wont come down but it really is n't made for a busy mom or family . The gate is n't difficult to assemble if you are n't at the maximium width but our entrance way was 48 inched which requires 2 extention kits -LRB- 142.00 later -RRB- the maximum width is 48.5 so tightening the screws is a tricky task you will need separte tools even though it does n't say so the wrench they give you could n't tighten anything . This gate was really our only option since we do n't want to drill holes and the first steps gate ca n't be extended this long . Good Luck
 We originally purchased this gate for use at the bottom of our stairs . Unfortunately , it put a hole in our wall from the tension . Would recommend placing this gate only on reinforced walls or doors . Works very well in the door frame , as long as the bottom `` ramp '' is installed to keep it from shifing with each opening and closing . Difficult to replace the `` ramp '' when it breaks . Difficult to adjust the tension , especially the lower nuts with carpeted floors . We replaced this gate with the `` Soft and Wide '' by Evenflo -LRB- much gentler on our walls , does n't leave marks and adjusts to fit various size openings -RRB- . Would not buy this Kidco gate again , but we would definitely buy the `` Hands-Free Gate '' by First Years . Similar idea to Kidco , but a cinch to install , very easy to use and much more secure in the openings we want to block . We bought the First Years gate for use at my in-laws house and they liked it so much they would n't let us take it home !
 I bought this gate with two extension kits to use in a wide space . The extension kits break into small pieces . The first day I had it up it fell on my foot and broke into several pieces , we put it back up , when my baby stood up and held onto it the gate again broke into several pieces and fell on top of him . I returned it the next day .
 DO NOT install this gate at the bottom or top of stairs . No matter how well you install it , the bar that you have to step over WILL get kicked and the gate WILL come lose . My daughter experienced a bad fall because of this . Spend the extra money and put in the extra effort to install permanent gates at the top and bottom of stairs . The KidCo permanent gate is a great one .
 The installation was easy , however my 21 month old figured out how to open it within 24 hours of us installing it . Needless to say it 's going back . I 'm just annoyed I got it from another company which does n't allow free returns like Amazon does , so the experiment has cost us $ 10 in shipping .
 The product Kidco G15 Gate as advertised and displayed on Amazon shows 3 extensions however the Basic Gate package only contains 2 extensions . I am having to spend another $ 25 to order the extensions -LRB- a G5 .5 kit -RRB- . Amazon needs to change the image for the basic gate G15 product to show only 2 extensions - NOT 3 . Not only do I have to spend the extra $ $ but also order the extension and wait some more ... . I just wish sellers were upfront about the product inside the packaging and not show images which require additional kits .
 I bought this gate -LRB- and the KidCo Safeway Gate -RRB- after reading good reviews . Both had major design flaws in my view . I would not recommend either to anyone.This gate 's latching mechanism is too complicated and made of cheap plastic . There is a small button that you need to press every time you open the gate . If you do n't , the latch breaks . Without fail , everyone who tries to open the gate for the first time does n't press the button . Just a matter of time before it breaks . It 's also difficult to open with one hand.The Safeway gate claims that it only opens in one direction to prevent it from opening over the stairs . The mechanism used to do this is two little plastic nubs that are insufficient for the job . It was very easy to push the gate over the stairs , with only minor resistance.I am an engineer and installed both gates absolutely correctly.Do not buy these gates . And , KidCo , improve your designs .
 After trying to resolve this with the seller I am extremely disappointed that this business is permitted to be affiliated with Amazon . I am a weekly customer and always receive top notch service and products from Amazon and the marketplace.The item received was horrible . It is flimsy and does n't work well at all . I tried to put it up and felt that it was absolutely a safety hazard for our child . There is no doubt that he could topple this and fall down the stairs . After days of waiting for a response , the first response was `` tell us more '' . The second response was `` you will have to pay for return shipping AND a restocking fee '' . Not to mention , the photo shows 3 extensions and they only ship 2 . That is also deceptive advertising and should not be allowed by such a great company . Horrible . Try the Dreambaby products . They are now up in our house and we love them .
 First , to those who complain about the bar across the bottom
 This baby gate looks like it 'd be a good bargain , but the install is much harder than it looks . I am very good at installing things and building things , but I found the instructions almost completely useless and unreadable . I finally got it installed , but it was definitely tricky ! Once it is installed it seems to be okay , but is all the trouble really worth it ? I would argue , not . Also , beware of the gate which actually wo n't latch until you have pressure on it . I swings every which way and can knock into your ribs , head , or fingers . Be cautious of this buy if you are at all easily frustrated with building/installing things for your home !
 These gates are manufactured with very poor quality materials and are very flimsy . When you try to tighten the top bracket against the wall the frame just bends and it is never properly secured . When the gate is closed it will hold but when open it is very prone to falling down . The gates also do not stay open , they self close , which is very frustrating . The self closing also tend to trap my children between the gate and the extension since it will allow the child to close the gate on themselves but wo n't allow then to open it once half closed . Already had several occurrences of children getting stuck in the gate and yelling for help.The so called child proof latch is useless , my 3 year old managed to force the latch on the first attempt and the latch broke . Even my 1 year old can almost force the latch before it broke . They are also slightly narrow in the gate and the extensions are a bit short . Many places I wanted to put them they do n't reach across the stair case width.If you get the optional Y attachment -LRB- two sets -RRB- and can attach them to a banister on both sides -LRB- quite a rare usage situation I guess -RRB- then they actually work quite well , but this adds a lot of extra cost to the gate .
 We bought this gate to use with our 13 month old and were very excited not have to install hardware to the wall . It was up for about 24 hours when I heard the baby cring that cry that you know they are in pain . I found her at the gate , both knees were wedged between the vertical poles . I managed to get one knee out but had to put vegtable oil on the other one to free it . She of course was screaming the whole time and her knees were bruised . Very nice design but I bought it for safety and that 's not what I got . The company said they just shortened the space between the rails , but I think it 's too close now seeing how her knees got stuck . Good luck to anyone trying to keep little ones out of harms way . That 's a job in itself .
 This gate is horrible ! Every person who came to my house tripped over the gate or stubbed their toe on it . If you look at the picture , you can tell that there is a stationary bottom rail that goes across it . The rail is not part of the gate that opens ... it stays on the floor and sits above the floor in a fashion just perfect for tripping . My mom broke her toe on the gate . A dinner guest of mine -LRB- who was investing in our company -RRB- tripped and fell flat on his face carrying a glass of red wine . My husband and I had black and blue toes for weeks until we got used to it . Also I had to tighten the gate constantly or it would get lose enough to fall under pressure . This gate is a safety hazard to the poor adults that have to use it every day !
 We bought this gate as it seemed designed to work with the bannister at the bottom of our stairs . Wrong . Meanwhile the photos on the box both show this gate with one or two `` optional '' extensions . This is the most expensive gate on the market to begin with and it 's too small to fit anywhere without an `` optional '' extension , at another $ 35 . It went straight back to the store .
 My 11,5 -LRB- ! -RRB- month old son figured out how to open this gate and climbed up at the top of the staircase !!! To begin with this gate was extremely difficult to install.It 's not sturdy at all and you need to adjust it almost every time you open it.It 's a waste of money .
 I bought this and found it has SERIOUS design flaw in it . It is all hard steel which could hurt my child.I ask for a refund ! I have to ridiculous mount of shipping fee to return it . While when I order this from Amazon , it appeared to be `` Free Return '' !!!! I would recommend `` NEVER '' buy this product and especially not from this seller . In stead , I boughtThe First Years Everywhere Gatewhich is cheaper and easier to install & safe !
 Pluses
 They put teaser price and then sent an email informing the product is out of stock ie it was advertised at a higher price ...
 This is the first time I have ever written a review . Kidco Hearth Gate
 I really liked this gate , BUT , as soon as we opened it , 3 or 4 of the plastic hinges cracked . I was very surprised . Then , I was sad to see that others had the same trouble . So , I had to return .
 For a little shy of a year this gate was used to block off our fireplace and we never had a need to open and close the door of the gate . When we moved to a home without a fireplace , we stuck the gate in a closet and did n't use it for a few years . Then we moved again , and we needed to block off an odd shaped passageway from our 16 month old . In this new location , the door of the gate was getting moderate daily use . After two months , one of the vertical bars on the gate broke off from the top horizontal bar . This exposed a sharp jagged metal piece.I realize that the gate is a number of years old , but in terms of actual usage , it is quite new . At the time , I paid over $ 200 for the gate . I would have expected better performance.I called the company to alert them of the problem . They seemed to not give concern to the problem as a real safety issue , and they informed me that as the warranty only covered a year , they can not help me . I was n't looking for a free replacement gate , but I would have thought that a company of their reputation would care about the problem.A number of years ago I had a safety concern with a product from a major children 's manufacturer . When I called the company with my concerns , they asked if they could take the damaged toy back so they could research the cause of the problem . A few weeks later they followed up asking questions in detail about how my child was using the product , my child 's size , etc. . They really wanted to get to the bottom of what went wrong . -LRB- I happened to notice , two years later , the same toy , totally redesigned . I wonder if I was a part of it . -RRB- I was very impressed with how they handled the problem and would not hesitate to buy their products again , despite my initial bad experience.In contrast , Kidco displayed a complete lack of caring in terms of identifying , or perhaps rectifying a potential hazard . Luckily , in my situation , my baby did not get hurt . But I could easily see a child poking out an eye , or getting their head trapped between the bars.At the very least then the manual should include a warning such as
 We are on our second Hearth Gate this year . The plastic pieces that are supposed to swivel when you open the gate do n't swivel like they are supposed to and it snaps ! It is a great gate , it keeps the kids away from our wood burning stove and it looks attractive given the purpose but for the price , I would have expected better quality . I am going to call the company to see if this part can be replaced or else I will have to make another return . I would give up at this point but I do n't know of another hearth gate .
 The photo on the side -LRB- which I printed out at time of purchase -RRB- showed what I thought I was buying but I only received a Playpen with 6 sides -LRB- sectors ? -RRB- and not the extra 3 sides as shown in the photo . The price paid was also compatible with the extra sectors which seemed to be offered , if compared to the price of the opriginal 6 sectors Playpen . Kindly review purchase and send extra sectors.Joana Vieira
 I ordered this item and it arrived broken -LRB- shipped via FedEx -RRB- . I was frantic to get a playpen setup for our new puppy , so I immediately ordered a second , identical playpen and that one ALSO arrived broken -LRB- shipped via UPS -RRB- . We have had the same UPS guy for years and items rarely arrive broken , so I ca n't blame the carrier alone . The connectors are plastic , and several shattered in transit -LRB- perhaps this has to do with the fact that it is winter and the plastic is made brittle by the cold , but perhaps not ... -RRB- . Now I have two heavy playpens to return , plus 4 extension units that currently connect to nothing . I think we have about $ 600 worth of useless playpen in our living room right now .
 After waiting weeks for the playden to arrive , the box was beat-up and the gate was broken and dirty . Now trying to return to get my money back .
 `` DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY ! I purchased a gate for $ 25 -LRB- shipping and everything -RRB- and was the wrong size . I wanted to exchange it for the next size up , but was told that I would have to pay the $ 16 original price , a 15 % restocking fee and pay to ship it back . All of this would cost more than the gate itself . The rep. was very rude and unwilling to satisfy a devoted customer . Never again . ''
 Babygate does not work for staircases shown . Also the door would n't even close . Not happy at all and returned it .
 This piece of junk was a mess the minute we opened the box . The threadbars were sheared in several places , stopping the nut before the frame could be secured against the walls.After doing the manufacturer 's work for them and re-tapping the threadbars , we tightened the nuts until the plastic end-pieces were firmly against the wall ; but they kept slipping and sliding regardless of how tight they were . Applying more pressure dented the sheetrock in our walls.Then , as our daughter was observing us trying to make this poorly manufactured pile of garbage actually work - it fell , clipping her mouth on the way down.So much for `` KidCrap '' products . No more for us.Needless to say , we replaced it and are now happy with a wooden version from a manufacturer who actually knows how to build something .
 This is one of those items that everybody registers for because everyone says that you must have one . We found ours to be really useless . You are n't supposed to use it , even with the baby facing you , until the baby is 4 months old and able to hold their head up . By that time , they are getting heavy enough that they are n't really that comfortable to wear around this way for long periods . My other mom friends who I walk with all stopped using it by about 6 months and switched to backpacks or jogging strollers . Our baby hated being `` trapped '' in it ; we found a Maya wrap to be much easier to use and much more comfortable for him and for us . This has too many buttons/latches/adjustments and was a pain to get on and off and get the baby into/out of . I think we used it a total of three times . At this price , not worth it .
 I bought this item for my baby and she never used it . It was a problem getting her into it and when she was finally strapped in all she would do is cry . This product is only good until the baby weighs too much . It is a short lived product . My suggestion is not to get it . Use a stroller instead or a baby seat carrier .
 I would have to say after trying 6 different baby/toddler carriers over the last two years , baby bjorn is the worst design ! All your babies weight is carried on you shoulders and when my baby was only 4mo . old I could only carry him for 15min . in the bjorn without my back KILLING ME ! So it is not even worth buying . And its not good for babies to hang from between their legs ! If you want a comfortable baby carrier that is good for you and baby that you can nurse in and wear in the front , back , or hip , try the Ergo Baby carrier or one like it . It must strap onto your hips first , that way it carriers the babies weight on your hips NOT your shoulders making it much better for your posture and comfort ! I made myself a carrier just like the ergo baby and I can carry my 30lb toddler in it for over an hour comfortably and my 9 month old even longer ! Do your research before spending the money on a carrier and get a good one !
 At first , I thought this carrier was great . Being carried so closely seemed to soothe the baby and even make her fall asleep when it was n't even close to naptime . And it was great to have two free hands when she was still awake . But breastfeeding moms beware ! If you wear the carrier for more than 10-15 minutes , you may get plugged ducts which are extremely painful and can lead to infection . My baby only weighs 10 pounds and the minimum recommended weight for the carrier is 8 pounds . THe pressure that those straps put on the chest can cause these plugged ducts . I 've tried repositioning the straps so that one falls outside my chest and the other in between . Did n't work . I 'd return this expensive carrier if I could but I threw out the packaging ! Luckily , dads wo n't have such a problem !
 I received this as a gift when I had my first daughter . I could n't wait to put her inside and carry her around . The fact was , it was too heavy for my back , to bulky of a carrier and too difficult to put on . I used it no more than FIVE times ! Another mom at my new mother 's support group had her baby in a new native baby sling/pouch . That is wonderful ! I am now pregnant with my second and that is what I will get . It is half the price and twice as practical ! I wish I would have known , I feel bad that my girlfriend spent so much money !!!!
 I heard NOTHING BUT GOOD things about the Baby Bjorn , so I did not think twice about registering for it , despite the steep price tag . I was lucky enough to receive one as a gift . However , my little sweetie never did take to being in it . She wiggled , fussed , and eventually screamed . Since sharing my story with others in different Mommies ' groups , I have found quite a lot of people who did not have positive experiences with carriers either ... I am not blaming the product or its design ; I just think some babies enjoy being in there while others do not . My advice is to try one out before spending any money on it .
 My first child came 8 years ago now and as an enthused fater-to-be I researched the best products out there . The Baby Bjorn was it . For one thing it did n't hurt my back like all the others did . It was super comfortable and simple to use.Well , another baby is dwelling in my house now so of course we got another Bjorn . What I did n't realize is that they changed it significantly . They 've added all kinds of hooks , buttons , adjustments , etc. . The beauty of the original was it 's simplicity . Now the thing 's got so many adjustments , you do n't know where to begin . The crotch , which used to have a simple ring and strap adjustment , now has two plasitc clips , which are uncomfortable for very small babies and leave a peculiar `` tail '' on the front of the device , which used to tuck in . There are also two sliding plastic hooks , which are stiff and uncomfortable for both baby and parent.This is still a great carrier , I just wish they 'd have kept the original around . It was simpler , softer and easier .
 I was considering buying one of these for our 1st baby , but the lactation consultant told that new research is finding that prolonged time spent in this carrier may actually damage babies spines because it is not a natural position for a young baby . She recommended using a sling instead because it puts baby in a more natural position . I carried my baby in his sling until he was over a year . He loved it !
 Do n't understand what the hipe is all about . We got one thinking it was the best thing since sliced bread - due to all the positive reviews - and was very disappointed . It was extremely hard to get our baby in and out of it . Her legs kept getting stuck . It took two people to use . Getting a child in and out alone was next to impossible . Also seemed like it was squishing the baby . Poor thing could n't move arms or legs while inside . As an infant , her head was pinned to your chest . We immediately returned this overpriced item for a sling - which was great !
 I bought this carrier when my baby was already 4-5 months . I thought that it would give me some help on doing stuff while my daughter is in it . Unfortunately I found that it was pressing her too tightly towards me , and it did n't make her very comfortable . I figured that maybe she is already too old for it.As far as I can judge , I read the instructions and made it as wide as I could . Ca n't say anything , it was easy to get her in and out , but I still could n't use it . I maybe used it 3 times after all.Overall , not an item I could live without for the price it cost me ... = -LRB-
 Hi , I received this carrier for my new born because the others did not get as great of reviews . Well This carrier is not great for everyone . It never was comfortable for my back and now that my son is 4 months and about 16 pounds there was no way I could carry him around any more in it . It was way to hard on my back . I was wearing it properly and everyhting . My husband also found it very uncomfortable . I tried the Snugli -LRB- red and navy -RRB- and it is great , it also can go on your back , wich I feel is a great advantage . So my advice . TRY IT BEFORE YOU BUY IT -LRB- with a baby in it -RRB- .
 We got the baby bjorn as a gift and i am glad we did not spent the money on it , sofar it did not live up to our expectations , my wife was able to use it in the begining , but only once , our baby did not like being in there i am not a big guy but the baby felt really tight in there , and as soon i tried to put her in the baby bjorn she was screaming , because she felt it was to tight , we even adjusted the bb as if our baby would be bigger did not help , not to sure what kind a babys they used to messure it but i thing the messurments are off.any how my recomendation if want to buy see if you can test it first with your baby and see if it works it definatly does not work for us
 I bought this carrier due to the rave reviews I both read online and heard from friends . I was disappointed . I loved it for the first 6 weeks . Once my son hit 12-15 lbs , it strained my -LRB- and my husband 's -RRB- back too much . I also did n't like how my baby 's legs flopped around . My best friend is a chiropractor and she was concerned that my baby 's spine was not meant to be holding up his upper body weight at that age . I agree . Little babies are meant to be cradled.I switched to a Maya Wrap sling when another friend showed me hers . It 's cheaper -LRB- ... -RRB- , easier to put on and adjust , more portable and more ergonomically correct for the baby . My son is now 9 months , weighs 22lbs and I can carry him in the sling for 2-3 hours before my shoulder gets sore . Then I switch to the other shoulder and keep going ! Save your money and buy a sling!If you are going to buy a frontpack , I agree that this one is the best . I just think that slings are better .
 I tried this and other front type carriers with my 3 children and I still like a sling better , it is really versatile , and gets years of usage . My 2 year old is still worn in the sling , comfortably on my hip . The kind of sling I lke best is a SlingEzee , I bought mine from Parenting Concepts . My newborn loves it , I sheild her from the elements , and I someimes use it as a clean and comfy place to change her diaper .
 I Like the Carriers that give the head support . When the baby falls asleep he/or she will have some kind of head & neck support . So you would want to look for a carrier with that High back , neck & head support . I used one for all 3 of my kids .
 I found these cups to be a good transition for my daughter from the bottle . But like the Avent bottles , they leak all the time . I would expect a product that is so pricey to be top notch . These were far from it . I tried different packages and they all leaked to some degree . I would not recommend these unless you want to be cleaning up messes all the time !
 This cup is awful to clean . I have 3 kids on sippy cups , and I could be doing dishes all day with these . Also , they leak from under the rim . I have tried several brands between my 3 kids , and these are the worst . I put them in the garbage last week . My favorites are Gerber and Playtex . I take out the valves for my oldest .
 I been using avery feeding bottles , so when my baby got older I immediately bought the same brand for her . . but . . This cup certainly is not as magical as they claim , it cost too much , my baby doesnt like to use it , as for cleaning , there is TOO many pcs to take out & put back , I would recommend PLaytex intead of this , cost 1/2 of avery
 This item is very misleading . It says it is a soft spout which it is n't . Very unhappy with this item .
 I bought these sippy cups to help us transition from using the Avent bottles to cups , because the bottle nipples could actually be used with the sippy cups when we ran out of clean sippy cup tops . I liked the look of the sippy cups too -- they were colorful -- and I had an affinity for the Avent brand since we liked the bottles so much . Unfortunately , these sippy cups ended up leaking regularly when my son drank from them . I believe the problem is that there is a small hole opposite of the spout -- since my son likes to drink his sippy cup `` upside down '' -LRB- with the spout closer to the ceiling than the floor -RRB- , I think this causes the milk to spill out . Maybe this is n't the reason why it spills , but for us , we had to give up on these cups because they would leak milk often . We ended up going with Gerber sippy cups . They do n't leak and there is only one plastic piece to put inside the lid as opposed to the Avent cups , which have a couple of pieces . Incidentally , we never had any problems with the smaller Avent trainer cups -- perhaps this is because the top of the cups are made slightly differently than these bigger Avent cups or perhaps it was because my son did n't drink his sippy cups upside down yet . I guess that took some training !
 My daughter is completely frustrated with sippy cups because of this product . The cup has to be completely upside down to get any liquid out - I have tried it myself ! And for a 10 month old just learning to use a sippy cup by herself , this is a nightmare ! Has anyone else had experience with this ?
 The benefit and selling point of the cup is that it is interchangeable with the bottles and Isis breast pump . However , there is nothing magical about these cups . The spout , for the most part , is leak-proof , but the cup itself is not . The beverage often leaks from under the rim once the cup has been tipped upside-down and then returned right-side up . As a result , I no longer allow my child to handle her own cup , and when going out , I place the cup is a plastic bag -LRB- and take a lot of wipes -RRB- . I intend to replace these immediately with another brand .
 This has a hard spout and my daughter wo n't drink her milk from it . It 's not a good transition cup from a bottle .
 These cups drive my wife crazy . Cleaning them is no problem - just take all the pieces apart and put them in the dish washer . We have a bunch of them so there 's always one available . We have the soft tips and the hard tips . We used Avent bottles and the tops screw on those too . We have the handles - those work great . The problem is the sippy cups dribble everytime they 're turned over . Our children learned to use open cups and never really got into sippy cups , but we still need a closed lid cup for car travel . These just do n't cut it . We 're looking at sports-bottle types , straw types , and flip types but have n't found the perfect thing yet .
 These sippy cups have far too many pieces to keep up with . It takes forever to put them together after each wash . Plus they are not completely leak proof , as others have mentioned . You have to pay close attention when you screw the lid on or all of the liquid will dump out upon the first sip . As a mother of 3 boys and one more on the way , when you have a kid screaming for a drink you want something simple to give him . These cups are NOT it .
 I found all of the Avent cups really hard to clean ! I could n't get the stopper out of the top of the cup . The Playtex cups are WAY easier to use !
 The cup leaks through the spout . My son tried these bottles several times and did not like them . Then I noticed that the reason he did n't like them was because he was getting milk in his nose coming from the little vent hole.I do not recommend this product !
 These cups are the hard spout cups - not the soft Avent ones . AMAZON
 I had a hard time hooking this up to my daughters stroller . I 'm a coffee drinker , and most times my coffee spills over because its kind of weak on the bottom . Also when walking , it makes a shaking sound , its funny . I would n't buy again .
 This cup holder seems to only work with a stroller bar less than 3/4 '' in diameter . It will not fit on the handlebar of my Phil & Ted Sport stroller , with it 's chunky foam covered handlebar . The click n ' go feature allows for 4 different positions for the cup holder in relation to the mounting bracket
 This product is not easy to install and unstable even when it is secured to the stroller frame . The cup holder easily twists off the hook that attaches to the stroller frame . We decided to invest in another brand after our second use after spilling coffee all over the floor ...
 I purchased this cup holder from a toys r us store for $ 6 one day just to return it the very next day . This cup holder lacks everything that I was looking for in a cup holder . It does not swivel to avoid spills , it is made of thin plastic pieces causing rattling of the cup holder , it does not support heavy cups well because of thin support pieces . The only thing this item had going for it was the price . I see that it is selling for more on Amazon so I will take away that plus and give it a 2 rating for doing a half way job on some cups and baby bottles . I would look elsewhere . I am embarrassed to even consider placing this thing on my stroller .
 I bought this because I want a device to hold my drink level when I have to tilt the stroller or go up hills or down hills etc etc -LRB- swivel -RRB- . From the item description
 IT DOES N'T HOLD THE WEIGHT OF A WATER BOTTLE ; EITHER IT OPENS AT THE BOTTOM OR TURNS TO SPILL IT . TERRIBLE PRODUCT ; CHEAP AND USELESS ... WOULD NEVER BUY AGAIN OR RECOMMEND .
 You can easily see through these sheets . They are very thin . However , they were the size I needed and this size is hard to find . The cost of shipping equaled $ 20 for 2 bottom fitted sheets -- too much for the quality of this item .
 Do not buy it.This product is very hard to assemble even for an engineer like me.The product is made from very cheap materials.The door hinges are not strong enough to hold the doors.I did not even try to finish assembling it . Midway during theprocess I decided to return it .
 I bought this for my 10 year old son 's room . I wanted to use it to hang his clothes and for extra space . The clothes hangers do n't fit . You have to purchase small hangers , -LRB- it 's not wide enough -RRB- . The draws are roomy but the bottom of the draws are cardboard , also the back of the armoire is cardboard . It does look nice when it 's put together . But it is very flimsy and wobbly . I do not trust this in my son 's room . This is not made for a childs room . Take my advise and do n't buy it . It is not worth $ 299.00
 The wood is very lightweight poplar ... This is to be expected for such a inexpensive piece . But still , $ 300 is $ 300 . I would have been okay with things if it were not for the cheap hardware . I had about 3 of the turn and lock mechanisms break on me and had to go the the hardware store to purchase additional screws which will probably do a better job anyhow . Some of the screw actually popped through the finish when tightened with the turn and lock mechanisms.The directions were actually good -LRB- if the correct numbers were on every piece - which they were not -RRB- . Overall I think $ 100 - $ 150 is the true worth of this do it yourself Armoire . HAs a nice look ... but would n't buy again or would use different hardware .
 I bought this dresser for my first daughter because it looked nice and seemed to be a decent price . It was daunting to think about buying a real solid wood dresser in addition to all the other things you need for your first baby , but I wish we had done that . The left side actually broke as I was assembling it , but after the headache we went through to get it -LRB- we were stationed overseas -RRB- I was n't about to return it , so we requested a new side piece -LRB- sent for free without hesitation from storkcraft , points for them -RRB- . At first it did n't seem too bad ; not terribly sturdy but functional . Then my daughter began to crawl and she wanted to pull out the drawers and hang on them and I realized how very little it would take to break them right off the track . Plus the doors and drawers wo n't open at the same time because no matter how much I adjust them , the doors hang low and rub on the top of the drawer . I would say that this is `` ok for the money '' but this is NOT a cheap piece of furniture ! Save yourself the regret and get a real dresser , or just a solid bookcase with some baskets , because you wo n't get much use out of this before it either falls apart or your child breaks it .
 can you find quality product for a good price ? ... . well not so much w/this piece
 The item I received did not look like/was not the item I looked at on-line and thought I purchased . The wedge I was shown on-line looked like it would work for my stage 2 convertible car seat that is now rear facing , but will soon be forward facing . I purchased the wedge to help stable it up . The wedge I received looked nothing like the one previewed and does not work with the convertible car seat . It will work wonderful for an infant/newborn car seat , but not the convertible .
 I was very disappointed in this product . I had high hopes only to find out that this did not work well in my Ford Explorer , it was too long to fit in any of the positions on the back seat . Definitely check the dimensions prior to purchasing this product .
 I bought this product due to the sloping seats in my Dodge Caravan and thought that it was going to be very useful . Boy , was I wrong . When I tried to put this under my infant carseat it brought the carseat so far away from the back of the seat that I was unable to safely buckle it . There was no way to get a tight fit for the carseat using the 1 inch rule . -LRB- the carseat should not move more than 1 inch in any direction -RRB- I again tried to use the leveler when we converted to a convertible carseat , and yet again no luck . I recommend the poll noddles , they are much easier to use and a fraction of the cost .
 I thought this was great - it did it 's job . But I quickly stopped using it when the professional car seat inspector told me that they are not recommended . They prefer to use the pool noodles as they work better . Thus , save your money and have your local police inspect your seat . They should provide you with the pool noodles .
 I second the idea of buying a water noodle and using it instead of spending money on this product . You can get them for about $ 1 at Walmart . Just cut it to fit your carseat width .
 Although this is technically a good idea , it does n't stay in place well ... i needed something because my daughter was 8 weeks early , so i took it with me to the fire department to have my daughter 's car seat installed and they told me to take it back ... they used the pool noodle instead . Regardless of whether you purchase this item or not , i can not stress enough the importance of having a car seat base installed correctly ... go to the fire or police department ... they 'll get it right .
 We bought 2 of these when we had a problem getting our Graco Snug Ride @ the correct level in our SUV . After fighting with it for over an hour , we left it in one car just b/c we did n't have the energy to take it back out . We went back to the noodles in the other two cars he rides in . And , they are very expensive !!! Noodles cost what , a couple bucks ? These things are over $ 20 ! Go for the noodle .
 I had purchased this for our Mercury Mountaineer -LRB- very similar to Explorer -RRB- because my son 's Britax Advantage did not positioned to a 45deg angle . I had just wasted an hour getting fraustrated because this leveler did not do what it claims to do . For one thing it did not look anything like the picture it provided and it did not have 3 different levels to choose from.Maybe it works better with the other vehicles but personally , do not waste your money and your time purchasing this so called leveler . I had purchased a foam noodle -LRB- it cost me -LSB- price -RSB- -RRB- and I do not have any problems with it .
 most of the time a swimming pool `` noodle '' will serve the same purpose and are available at almost any chain department store .
 I bought this carseat leveler for both mine and my husband 's car . It worked after much struggle to get the carseat base in properly , but we ended up taking it out . It kept sliding side to side and the material eventually started to flatten out over time . I know a lot of people like to use the pool noodles , but the material in those break down a lot quicker . I prefer to use rolled towels because they do n't slide around as much .
 I tried this product in every position possible , and after nearly tearing my hair out , I finally gave up and realized that rolled towels worked much better for installing the Britax Roundabout in my Mazda Tribute . The leveler is much too big and has odd angles - it just does n't work for us .
 I had great hopes for this foam thing , but after using it for a couple of weeks , I returned it b/c it really did n't stay in place well . Additionally , it did n't look anything like the picture - perhaps mine was a reject that somehow got passed through . Lastly , the directions were not good . My carseat is a convertable carseat , but the pictoral directions only show how it is used if you have an infant carrier type carseat . I really was n't sure that i was using it correctly b/c the directions were so poor . I have a 99 Voyager , and use the Alpha Omega car seat . A combonation of the van 's seat , the bulkiness of the carseat , and having another child in an AO carseat next to it also made it challenging to manuver the foam thing in place to begin with .
 We had our vehicle inspected on the placement of our car seat and they used a pool noodle . They cut it in half the size of this leveler and taped it all the way around with duck tape . We had already purchased this leveler and took it with us . He told us to return it because there was no need for it when a noodle works just as good .
 This seat cover is a great idea if it were only big enough ! I does n't cover enough of the seat to protect it . It in my opinion needs to go higher up on the seat . I would also caution parents about thinking that there car seat is in tight enough because of the grippers . make sure even when using this that your car seat moves no more that 1 '' AT THE MOST in ANY direction ! I would also recomend the Sunshine Kids Mighty Tite to all . It is a wonderful and easy to use product that will keep your car seat from budging even and inch !
 I went to the CHP office to get my car seat checked , and the officer said that car seat protection mats are not approved and considered a major safety hazard because it causes the car seat to become loose . If you use these mats , the car seat will not be installed tightly enough and can be a real danger during automobile accidents . DO N'T BUY !!
 I have two of these and am looking for a third blue one to match the others . Amzon.com sent a tan one and they make it extremely difficult to attempt to return the item . There is no phone number on the receipt and when I tried the website , it says the system is currently down for routine maintenence . What a joke . Do not waste your time with this website . Save time and grab your children , get in the car and shop the conventional way .
 My son has been having latching problems due to my milk overproduction and VERY forceful letdown , so my nipples are usually very sore . My lactation consultant suggested these for my sore nipples , but because I overproduce so much milk , the pressure of the shells on my areola hurts just as bad as my sore nipples ! So , this product has not been too helpful for me . The Medela Soft Shells for Inverted or Flat Nipples did help me fix my flat nipple problem at the beginning , though . And a good solution to those useless little sponges - my LC suggested putting tampons inside the shells instead of the sponges . They soak up SO much more leaking milk and kept me from soaking through my clothing !
 I did not find these things to be comfortable at all ! Nor did my sore , cracked , bleeding nipples find relief becasue I used these . The only thing that truly worked was the Lansinoh cream and exposing myself to air as much as humanly possible .
 I do n't recommend these shields . I ended up with red circles on my areola because of the pressure from the plastic . When I first put them on I thought it would be good but it quickly became very uncomfortable .
 Although they seem helpful for certain situations , I was n't too impressed . I 'm still glad that I have them in case someday they prove helpful .
 I bought these because they come with foam inserts to help collect leakage . I 'm a 38 DD and use the large flange for my medela pump , so I too found the sharp edge that contacts the breast was cutting into my sore areola/nipple . The ameda shells had a round edge and were much more comfortable , although leakage city ! My sore nipples got nearly instantly better using my brest friend -LRB- great proper latch ! -RRB- , and treatment for a mild yeast infection . Hope this helps .
 If your nipples are truly inverted , this may not work for you . It did n't work for me . Still worth a try though since they are n't a huge financial investment .
 I have large breasts with flat nipples . With my son , I tried these nipple shields several weeks before he was born under the advice of my OB/GYN . Unfortunately , the moment I took them off , my nipple would return to its flat state , and my poor son could not latch on . I had better luck drawing out my nipples with the Medela Breast Pump -LRB- the Pump in Style -RRB- prior to getting my son to latch on . Unfortunately , in the long run , nothing seemed to work . . and I ended up eventually feeding him formula after pumping for 6 weeks . Hope they work for you , but do n't be dismayed if they do n't .
 Bought these and used it for one day . Found that it wastes a lot of breastmilk and it does n't actually help with the inverted nipples . Would rather express my milk out to save the wastage .
 I bought this item on my own because I read the wonderful reviews it received . I really do n't know HOW this item can be used . Even if you do n't use the air-vented cups -LRB- which collect the leaking milk -RRB- , you can plainly see the soft shells in loose clothing . I was wearing a sweater & you could see the shape of the shells right through it . If you do use the cups they supply , you look absolutely abnormal . I guess this does n't work for large-breasted women !
 These shells , although completely comfortable , simply do n't have enough suction if you have large/extremely large breasts . I wore them for several hours the day I got them - at least six hours - and my nipples were not even potruding right when I took them out of my bra.Also , as a word of warning , if you are pregnant and attempting use of this product , PLEASE consult your OB/GYN before purchasing . I was unaware that stimulation of the nipples can cause uterine contractions , and in some cases , premature labor . So , you want to be certain to clear it with your doctor first . I spoke to a certified lactation consultant that said anything of the sort should only be used after 36 weeks , but even then , you must have your doctor 's approval to ensure everything is safe .
 but it does n't work for the single deluxe medela pump which i have.i bought this adaptor so i could pump in my car on my lunch break but apparently the power is too much for the motor on the single deluxe.unfortunately , the product details do not advise that this only works on the in style pump or else i would n't have bought iti wish they would make one for their other pumps and i 'd be glad to use it .
 Just wanted people to know - I purchased the DoubleEase Breastpump & carry all . The site told me that other consumers who purchased this pump also bought the Vehicle Lighter Adaptor . What a GREAT idea ! However , you should NOT use the adaptor with the DoubleEase Breast pump . They advise you right on the box . Do not waste your time and money !
 Would be a great product but barely worked . Had to mess with it for a while and then it would but would still shut off . I contacted medela and they offered to replace . I think I 'll take them up on that .
 The product was supposed to make my breast pump work in the car . I was away from my baby for the day and needed to use this item . I plugged into my lighter in the car and the product would turn the pump on , but there was no pumping action . I had to find a public bathroom w/an electrical outlet and pump there . It was very inconvenient and a little embarrassing . I am planning to return the product to the nearest babies r ' us store .
 This adaptor made the medela pump work even stronger than when plugged into the wall . Unfortunately it stopped working after 3 weeks or so .
 This adapter only works part of the time and it does n't matter what vehicle i 'm in . I do n't know if there 's a short some where in it or what but I get very frustrated trying to wiggle it around and sometimes it works and others it does n't . Not very convinent !!!
 I tried to plug in to my 08 Subaru Tribeca , It was very hard to push in and pull out . i didnt even attempt to start in . Afraid I would cause a short in my new car . if anyone has any other suggestions . Help . I have athe old Pump and style backpak .
 I did n't get a chance to use it . It 's not stated in the description , but you can only use this for the Medela Pump In Style .
 My hsuband and and decided that I would nurse Hailey her entire first year . I work at a school and was able to pump twice a day . I did n't like doing it in school though because there was n't space for it . SO I would go in my car and do it . All I had a first was the battery pack . I would go through 10 batteries a week and half way through the week I would loose strength/suction . Once I got the adapter I never had a problem again . We could go anywhere and I would always have access to power Including when we drove from VA to GA. . My husband would drive and I would pump . It is great . .
 Purchased this to use in the car . Worked great for about a month then it just stopped working . Not sure what caused it to quit but it was not a welcomed breakage for my current situation . Very disappointing !
 I used this with my medela Pisa from 2005 and it burned up the motor ! Had to buy a whole new pump
 I purchased the gate for my 21 daughter who had 2 strokes during a rt frontal lobe resection . We have two large dogs at home and I wanted to be able to keep them in a room while my daughter was having PT and then practicing on her own to walk . We were very concerned with them `` loving '' her too much and too close and knocking her down . The gate was a royal pain to install - actually messed up the 1st try . It was beautiful and matched the decor and kept the dogs out . Imagine our surprise when our Boxer mix figured out how to open it . Then 6 months down the road one of the PLASTIC pieces broke so now when you close it and then open it , it comes off the hinges . Why would they make a beautiful wooden gate and give it plastic hinges ? I am now on a quest to locate a new gate to replace the $ 110 6 month old gate . Would not recommend anyone to buy this gate
 First of all , I am not an engineer but am pretty savvy with instructions and installations . I have purchased several other gates and never had a problem .1 . This gate is made of quality material but the hardware sent with it is crap .2 . If you buy this , throw out the directions . They are COMPLETELY worthless .3 . The gate latching system is n't easy to use and honestly hurts my finger as the day wears on . When my small baby arrives , I will have a hard time juggling him and my toddler while trying to open this gate . Not good .4 . Your stair configuration must be PERFECT or this gate will not work . We were one of the lucky people that this DID N'T work for . I opted to install it in our hallway versus sending the gate back . Honestly , I wish I had sent it back . It really does n't serve my needs like I wanted since the stair option was out .5 . If I could do this again , I would buy something else and forget about blocking my stairs -LRB- pressure mounted gate with foot pedal or something ! -RRB- .
 We did n't even get a chance to install this gate . It came chipped and the finish is very cheap and seems it will chip as soon as your child puts their mouth on it , which is inevitable .
 I have this same gate and my 24 month old was standing next to the gate and pushed it and the gate broke from the plastic hinges and he and the gate both went flying down the staircase of 12 steps . I just called evenflo and they are sending me the replacements hinge base ... but will take over 2 weeks to get that . They claim that there have n't been too many problems ... but I 've read a few of this same thing happening on here ... . well my son could 've broke his neck or even worse . They really need to see why this is happening with these gates . The hinge base should not be made of plastic .
 The hinge base is defective . The hinge bases and hinge caps are made of plastic . It seems silly to have a sturdy wooden gate would have plastic hinge parts.The gates hinge base has broken 3 times within a 1 1/2 years . All 3 times in the exact place on the hinge base.The first time it broke I called evenflo . They sent me a replacement part . It took over 2 weeks to get . They seemed to not care that this was a safty device and that I needed the part ASAP . I use my gate at the top of my staircase . During this time my daughter was 15 months.The gates hinge base broke again about 6 months later . Again , I called Evenflo . They told me there was never a problem reported with the hinge base . I find that hard to believe . This time I asked them to send me several replacement parts . Especially since it takes a couple of weeks for the parts to arrive . I 'm glad I did because it broke a third time . At least I did not have to wait for replacement parts.I wanted to update my review . I alerted the CPSC regarding the issues with the hinge base . They came out to my home and and did a study . I am still waiting for the results . The person who was in charge of my case informed me that the gate was recalled several years before . Several children had been injured . The company who makes the gate was supposed to fix the problem . Apparently they did not fix the problem , and continued to sell the gate anyway . Check for yourselves on CPSC.gov .
 Yes , the woodwork is lovely and I was very sad that I could n't use these in our house , but what the description does n't tell you is that it can only be mounted on a perfectly flat surface . So , if you have molding along the bottom of the wall or woodwork on the banister , you ca n't use it . The instructions even say you ca n't use it . I thought about buying a gate adapter to attach to my banister but it does n't fix the wall problem . Yes , I could 've drilled a piece of wood into the wall that was flush with the molding and then drilled the gate into it , but that is just silly .
 Please do not bother with this gate . I had mine for my 1st child , the hinge broke , but after 3 years , and he and friends were playing with it , so I thought nothing of it . Did n't need it anymore anyway . Now I have a 15 month old . I ordered replacement hardware after discovering that there was a recall . They sent me the LATCH hardware not the hinges . Re-ordered the hinges for $ 12 . They broke after 1 week , and the lower screw heas was snapped right off . Ok ... so I thought maybe I installed too tight , but nothing really explaines why the screw broke . Called them , orederd the hardware again , the credited me my $ 12 , gee thanks . Started to re-install , and every screw I tried BROKE . I am NOT superwoman . This was completely unacceptable . The scres are now stuck in my bannister . I can not re-install the gate at all , nor go I WANT to!I have filed a complaint with CPSC , they are doing a home study .
 This product is beautiful , but after 2 attempts to receive one without styrofoam attached to it - I gave up . You can tell as you take it out of the box that it was put packaged too soon after they stained it ; therefore having styrofoam permanently on the rails . I even contacted Evenflo about this problem , but they did n't have a response . The gate is gorgeous though and I was sad to have to give up on it .
 First off , this product shipped from Target and they shipped the wrong color . Amazon handled the exchange well but it was an inconvenience . Second the installation instructions are not that clear . I had to use the spacers thinking that they should be directly across from one another . This is not the case as the latch catches are not on center , so when the gate is closed it is not parallel with the wall . Its not that noticable , but if you install it yourself , you are reminded of it every time you see it . The other thing is that I had to cut a board to mount the hinge side to my stair railing . The height of the gate is a lot shorter than a normal railing , so if you do n't have square ballisters , plan on an additional piece you will need to make for a good installation . Overall the gate seems sturdy and my daughter loves to pull herslef up on it and look through especially if someone is on the otherside . I trust it , and I guess that is what is important .
 This gate is nice in theory . I ordered it because it got so many good reviews . When I received it , I could n't believe how heavy it is . It 's very complicated to adjust and install . I also think this looks dated . Unless your home is early American or more country style decor , you probably wo n't like it . It 's over kill for a safety gate and far too heavy to use at the top of the stairs .
 The gate itself is sturdy but the hinges are cheap plastic . In the one & half years we have owned it we have had to replace broken hinges , which are now sagging & looking like they will break again soon . my toddler has knocked the gate off the hinges and now the dog simply puts her nose under the gate & easily pops it right over the locking mechanism
 The instructions are a joke . It does n't tell you how much to subtract from the opening measurement . You do n't know how big to make it until you hang the one side with the hinges then hold the other piece up , figure out how large of a gap to leave , mark it then put it together . The spacer brackets , for the two pieces are also a mystery on how to install . Horrible illustration ! If you do put it together with this poor design , the thing will be much wider -LRB- fore/aft -RRB- than just the two pieces together . On a positive note , the construction of the main gate pieces are n't bad . I 'm going to chop off the excess gate of the latch side , dowel pin and brace them together , so that the width is the same for the entire length instead of overlapping . Again , the instructions are obviously written by the lowest cost provider that most companies are going to these days for support -LRB- ie , China , India -RRB- it 's a shame that countries that have never experienced quality are being depended on so heavily to support companies that have built their reputation on decent service !
 This gate looks great . It is classier looking than most child gates and matched my decor very well . However , the hinges were inferior . They are plastic and just did n't hold up well . We tried to find other solutions , but were unsuccessful . After spending a lot of money to purchase this gate , it 's sitting in the basement because it 's unusable . Save your money and buy a different gate !
 This screws supplied with this gate are too weak . I predrilled all of the holes as outlined in the instuctions . Double checked my depth an still ending up stripping one and breaking another . Just what I did n't want in my hardwood railings extra screw holes from broken screws .
 I ordered this gate to put at the top of our stairs to keep our small dogs from using the stairs as our older ones back is not in good shape . First , you should know my husband literally keeps people alive for a living and uses incredibly complicated machines to do so and it took him 5 hours-yes I said 5 HOURS to get this gate to work . I think in the end it was man versus gate and he was determined to win . But nothing fit right . The wood was stained and it is really dark in places where it received too much stain and really light in others where it received no stain - it just looks bad . The cheap plastic hinges , the cheap screws , the incomprehensible directions it was all just a horrible experience . Now after less than a week the screws are literally falling out of it ! I had already contacted Evenflo and they promised to send a new gate-but I really want my money back and if the new gate is like this one I will be asking for that from Evenflo . I spent $ 100 on this and it looks like I spent $ 5 at a garage sale . Please do yourself a favor and do not buy this gate .
 I have to agree with all the others about the installation ! It 's terrible and has taken up the better part of my day . They could use a lesson from Ikea in PRE DRILLING holes into the spacers ! I also do n't understand why Evenflo would put plastic hinges on a sturdy , heavy gate . This gate is pretty , but a headache . Evenflo should send a guy with the gate to help get it working -LRB- and I say that while my husband slaves away trying to finish the job -RRB- .
 This seems like a well-made product . It slipped over my 10-month-olds head easily and fastened snuggly , although the straps attached to the buckles shown in the photo are tightened and held in place with velcro , which does n't seem as secure . The major problem with this for us was that we were on a long overnight flight . Even though the vest is n't bulky , the buckles were placed so that they seemed uncomfortable when she was lying down in our laps . Also the loop that attaches to your seatbelt is on the back , so your child would have to be sitting up and facing forward for it to work . If you plan to shift your child from place to place , or have them lie down and sleep or nurse , I do n't think it would work that well . In the end , we used it for 5 minutes and decided it was n't really helping . Not sorry we tried it , it just did n't work for us .
 I did n't get to use the product . the airline no longer lets families with small children on first so we had less time to get situated . Felt rushed trying to get my two kids comfortable and ready for the long flight .
 I bought the Avent Breastshells because of my sore nipples , and a way to collect leaking milk while I was not nursing , and relieve some engorment .1 . It is very messy when removing the colleting cap2 . My nipples are still sore3 . And the only way to relieve engorment pain is to nurse or to pumpIf I would have known about these factors I would not have purchased this product !
 I purchased these in an attempt to find some relief for my sore nipples during the first few weeks of breastfeeding , however , I never used them because they were too big to fit in my bra and they made me look like I had huge tumors on the end of my breasts so there is no way I would wear them in public . Also , the instructions say that you can only wear them for 40 minutes at a time because they can reduce your milk supply -- not something you want to be doing during the first weeks when you 're trying to get your milk supply up .
 I was looking forward to collecting any let down breast milk . After wearing these shells for a night , the silicone shell left these itchy welts on my breasts that have n't gone away after 2 days . :-LRB- . If you look at the silicone part it has a weird yellow tinge to the silicone.I 'm going back to my Medela soft shells . They were made in Switzerland and the silicone looks clear not yellow tinged .
 I ordered these because I had very sore nipples after nursing my daughter . I knew that exposing the nipple to air was supposed to help , so I thought these would work . However , I was n't able to wear them . The shells are quite large , so unless you have a bra that is at least 2 cup sizes bigger than what you normally wear , they press into your breasts and become uncomfortable in a few minutes . I did n't want to order larger bras , so I could n't use these . I never used the shells for catching leaked milk , so I ca n't comment on if that aspect of them .
 I purchased these to attempt to use with my breast pump -LRB- Medela Freestyle -RRB- to ease the pain and to wear at night . Neither worked . The did not fit on the flanges and I lost a lot of milk when I attempted to use them with the pump . When I attempted to wear them to ease pain and collect breast milk , that also failed . The shape is weird -LRB- which means they can not be worn without being very noticeable -RRB- and they seemed to leak no matter what I did . On top of that , they actually made me more sore . I would not recommend purchasing these .
 They kind of worked but the soft backings made me itch and the little stoppers on the shells looked funny under shirts ... . Later I tried Ameda 's Breast Shells , they are A LOT better !! Check those out before you purchase Avent 's Breastshells !!!!
 It made my breasts look funny , it made my nipples more irritable & it left painful marks on my breasts . Hardly ever used it . : -LRB-
 I ordered these thinking they were the shields that go on a breast pump horn . I was wrong . Not sure what to do with these now .
 Although I LOVE Avent products , this is WASTE ! I had huge boobs when I nursed , I was a 42F . If you 're smaller , they may work better , but for me , they wouldnt stay in place , and were not comforable to wear , nor did they work . Once the milk came in , they would slide down . Tell me how someone can hold baby to nurse in one hand , and for me , I had to hold my nipple down so my son wouldnt get his nose smooshed . AND hold this cup in place ! Total waste for big boobies , get milkies instead !
 I bought this for the leak side when I stay home , but the shape is weird , does n't stay on breast very well . It 's hard shell , not soft one that I hoped . when I put on with bra , feels hot ; when took it off , the milk still spill out , lost the purpose.I will not recommend this , disposable pads works better .
 For the most part I am extremely pleased with avent products , which is probably why I was so disappointed in these breast shields . My mother gave me a pair of breast shields she used while nursing my sister 15 years ago and the avent breast shields did not even compare . They are only good for wearing while you are nursing and the rubber ring does not make the best seal to the plastic shield . You can not move around very much while wearing the plastic shields that have holes for ventilation , which is a hinderance while taking care of baby . Since I leak throughout the day , these do not work too well for me .
 I purchased two gates to block off both the kitchen doorways . My 14 month old son figured out quite quickly that all he has to do is keep rocking the gate back and forth and that it will knock over . I am constantly trying to get it as secure as possible . The memory feature does not work . My advice , spend the extra money on a gate that actually works efficient !
 It ` s annoying to put up and loosens after about an hour because the bar in the back that tightens and loosens it is bent , so it ` s not very stable . Piece of junk .
 It 's not bad - it does what it does but if the pressure mount is n't strong enough , my 22lb son can climb onto it and pull backwards causing the gate to fall on top of him .
 I made the mistake of sending my fiance to the store to buy a gate to keep the dogs out of the kichen and this is what he came home with . It is a game for our 8 year old 60 pound basset mix to get it open and get in . We have come home to a lot of messes since owning this gate . I think more now , than before we owned it . I am looking right now on Amazon for a gate that will hold him better , as I ca n't really put him in a staight jacket everyday .
 the gate is ok , it 's good if need a gate that will stay in place and NOT need to be moved alot . . easy to step over.I resold them on craigslist for 10eathey are just to cheap ...
 Gate does not work as described . Does not slide easily , or secure properly . A complete waste of money .
 We bought the gate to keep the cat out of the bedroom at night . She easily jumped over it , so we gave it away .
 looks tough , but is n't . I was n't going to write a review but I keep getting emails asking me to from Amazon so here it is . Does n't ever really stop ANYTHING from getting through , my 6 month old puppy gets a kick out of knocking it down all the time and it has become a game for her . And yes , I DO know how to work the gate .
 We really wanted the simplicity of a pop-in , pop-out gate . Since we have no stairs , a 100 percent impenetrable barrier was not needed , so this seemed to fit the bill . But there are just too many problems . First , and foremost , we find it can not handle a single doorway in out apartment . In some cases there is a runner along the wall at the base ... no go . In another , the walls on the two sides are not perfectly parallel , and the thing twists and torques and will not stay put . And once you install with a little too much force , it will never go straight again . Also , when it is not installed , we can never figure where to put it . The baby is always finding it leaning against a wall somewhere , and dragging it down . A pain.In contrast to some reviews , I do find that the `` memory-lock '' works ok . Just do n't expect the directions to explain it to you.Did I mention how ugly the thing is ?
 I have grandkids and dogs and this gate did n't last 6 months with them . The plastic stretched out and it would n't secure itself any more . I know you want to because it 's inexpensive ... but do n't do it !
 This gate is a total waste of money . It does n't lock securely in place so it 's impossible to get it to fit snugly in door frames .
 I ordered this gate based on other Amazon customer reviews . It seemed most people liked it and only commented on the ugly appearance but were happy with the functionality . Yes , it 's ugly . Are n't most gates ? But this gate in particular is also clunky and hard to use . We already had a great gate , although it was priced a bit higher and we got it at Target . Our other gate looks very similar -LRB- gray , plastic ... -RRB- but works like a charm , while this one and its weird `` memory '' clip make it difficult to set up and take down.I hated this gate so much that we just donated it to charity . I did n't even want to bother returning it through Amazon because come on - what a pain ! I would have to re-package it and lug it to the post office . I would not recommend buying this gate - get a tension gate that locks into place , as it 's much easier to use .
 these are very difficult to fit into a doorway . Very hard to change the size . Works fine once you manage to fit it into the door frame but the effort required is too much . I guess you get what you pay for in this case . Note
 This gate did n't work for us at all . I could barely move it , to make it slide in either direction . I ended up returning it because it was useless .
 bought this gate as barrier for my dogs . gate does n't open and close easily , and does n't lock with ease either . would buy a more reputable maker next time especially if it 's to protect children or large dogs .
 Packaging has no instructions on how to install - it 's a gate so it should be easy to figure out but the design is not intuitive.Once I figured out how to install , I then had trouble opening and closing the gate because it does n't slide very easily without two people pulling on either ends of the gate . Anyhow , it proved to be a solid gate once installed . I kicked it and it did n't budge . Satisfied , I locked up my 6lbs puppy in the kitchen behind this gate and left home.But alas , my tiny puppy used her little paws like a rock climber / spiderman to climb over the gate that very first day.I 'm impressed by my dog , but not impressed with this product . If you have a crafty dog , get a gate with bars , not a gate with criss-cross barrier like this one that dogs can use to climb .
 I needed a baby gate for my baby to ensure she did n't go near stairs , so , with funds tight , I bought this economic model . What a mistake ! The latch sticks , the plastic bends , it is not easily moveable or adjustable ! I wish I had never bought this item . Do n't make the same mistake I did . If you can , just get an older model wooden one .
 Cheap and cheap . It looked sturdy but if you extend it more than 35 inches it bends . I had to use a small rope to tie the locking mechanism back to the fence . . so yes I made it work but wow . I 'd give it zero stars but it did n't break with the rope helping . It will scratch your child if it is n't put all the way to the ground -LRB- and your child reaches under -RRB- as there are rough edges . And it will scratch your leg if you flip it over and brush against it on the way over . Definitely not worth the cheap price .
 This product Sounds like a great idea , but it 's flimsy construction makes it a loser . The locking bar bows out when you have it in place , looking like it 's going to snap . When trying to open it and select a locking position , it feels a bit like an off brand 80s transformer action figure - like if you move it the wrong way and arm is going to snap off . The plastic breaks easily , as evidenced by it arriving with the bottom corner broken , leaving a jagged piece in a dangerous spot . UPS is picking it up monday and taking it back - and I 'm buying something else !
 I got this very fast from Amazon . Upon opening the box found out the unit was a bit bent and not straight . It 's cheap plastic . Now it 's in my garage doing nothing .
 I just received this gate in the mail maybe 15 minutes ago and I already dislike it . I would have given it 0 stars if I could . The thing does not fit our standard size doorway . It 's either too big or too small in the settings . I tried putting towels on both sides to hold it up , but it is still loose . Also , the gate is practically impossible to adjust I pinched/bruised my finger trying to adjust it . Waste of money !
 I have to return this product since it does not work at all . I tried to install this gate between the wall with the molding in the bottom . But somehow I was unable to tighten up the gate . The gate is still wobbling . Not enough pressure to securely locked the gate between the wall . This product is cheap for a reason . Do not waste your time to purchase this product . The company should design it better .
 I am installing a new floor and taking out tile and carpet , I also have a 2 year old and a 10 month old . I needed something that would keep my kids from the debris and i was hoping this gate would work for their bedroom . It did not . This gate did not EVER hold in place , it fell with my daughter as she leaned on it . If I barely touch it the gate falls . The top part of the gate has some tension and the bottom has none . POS . The only reason I have n't returned it is my son took the box and destroyed it . I wish I would have spent more money on an item that would actually work .
 This gate does n't even make sense first of all . And more importantly it 's lose when it 's connected . This gate has caused us nothing but frustration . Returning immediately .
 I RECEIVED THE TOP NOTCH GATE BECAUSE OF ITS SIMPLICITY . IT IS NOT SIMPLE TO OPEN THE GATE . THE MANUFACTURER I CALLED COULDNT HELP ME BECAUSE THEY ARE THE MANUFACTURERS AND REFERRED ME BACK TO AMAZON.COM . THE QUESTION NOW IS , WILL AMAZON PROVIDE THE NECESSARY INFORMATION I NEED TO OPEN THIS ` TOP NOTCH GATE ' . I DONT KNOW IF IT WORKS WELL BECAUSE I CAN NOT LIFT THE ` LOCKING PIN ' WHILE OPENING THE GATE WITH TWO HANDS . I NEED A THIRD HAND .
 This product is very very very very very very very , did I say very low end for baby gates . We bought it to keep our dachshund pup from going upstairs where he should n't be . Flimsy , does n't shut properly , and difficult to open make this product difficult to use.Does it work , yes . When you fiddle with it . Will it work with a toddler , heavens no , he 'll rip that thing off in no time .
 I bought this gate and tried to install it at the entrance to kitchen , as my toddler daughter tries to crawl to kitchen to often . However this gate when installed is not sturday . It falls down when a bit of pressure is applied . Needless to say I did not install it as it was potentially dangerous for my daughter -LRB- she likes to crawl , and then try to stand with whatever she can hold onto -RRB- . I would not recommend this gate to anyone .
 Do n't make the mistake of going with the cheap thing . Once you get it small enough to get it in the spot you need to fit , it is impossible to expand it just by 0.5 inch to sit firm in the spot where you want it to be . Just terrible . I am a young male , who does not have a problem putting furniture together , yet this product was just a worse nightmare than any Ikea nightmare you might have ever had . This is being returned tomorrow .
 When I first saw this , I was so thrilled because it was very affordable and I needed to buy three gates . As soon as I opened the packages to try them out , I was very disappointed ... Being a small woman , it was hard for me to adjust the length in order for the gate to fit my doorway . When I finally adjusted it to what I thought was the right width , the gate would not stay up and would topple over . I am now in the process of returning all three gates .
 About two weeks after sending the last of my easy to use First Years baby gates to the Goodwill , we decided to get a puppy . I looked around for those same baby gates , but could n't find any . I found this gate and , while it is absolutely hideous , it 's was cheap , which is good since I did n't know how long I 'd need it for.I realize some people here have found this gate easy to use , but I am not one of them . I ca n't imagine how people are able to operate it one handed . Sure , it 's easy to unlatch and remove from the door frame one handed , but setting it back up is a challenge . Maybe it was just my particular gate , but it did n't slide easily AT ALL . It took quite a bit of effort to pull the one side out to make it larger , then I would have to carefully tap it down to the size I needed so it would fit the door frame again , since the four rubber stoppers prevented me from just slipping it back into the doorway . At first I thought it was just me , but even husband , a naval nuclear engineer , struggled with it ... so that made me feel better . Again ... it may just be our particular gate , but my experience with it has been mostly negative.In the end I 'm glad I went cheap because we ended up not really needing it -LRB- puppy is kept in the bathroom at night with the door closed instead of a gate up -RRB- , but we 'll keep it around just in case . If you 're planning on using this for a child , I say pass ... unless you 're going to put it up in a doorway and leave it there . In that case it 's a great gate because it 's so cheap . But it your planning on removing it frequently from wherever you put it , look elsewhere .
 Well , I thought this would be a great gift for my parents as they have my nephews living with them who are 18 months , 3 , and 5 . The 18 month old has started climbing out of his crib and getting into everything . The gate lasted 15 minutes before the 18 month old climbed over it ... another 15 before the three year old figured out how to open it . Wish it had worked a little better . Oh well will be returning it .
 Bought these gates and they will not stay up at all . Any pressure from the kids and they fall right down , even if the kids just touch them . I thought it was just me but had my husband try to get them to stay and they just wo n't Waste of money would rather pay more to know my kids are secure and safe .
 Maybe I am spoiled by actually having a gate that actually works , but I could not get this gate to work . This thing is so poorly designed . I guess go ahead and buy it if you have 30 minutes to spend installing it and then never want to take it back down . Or you can have the one that I bought because otherwise , I am going to throw this one away . Do n't be fooled by the price !
 This product will not latch properly . You get what you pay for on this one . The plastic is cheap and was broken and chopped when it arrived . The way it latches might be the worst system I have ever seen . It wont stay latched and a 2 week old puppy easily will push it down.I would not trust this with a small child . Complete POS . DO NOT BUY !!
 The best thing about this gate is that it 's inexpensive , but it 's cheaply made . Mine had some broken pieces of plastic in the box when it arrived just like other posters . It still works though , and I use it on the guest room door to keep baby out . It 's low and easy to step over , but we do n't use that room much anyway . Baby has n't messed with it so I do n't know for sure how well it would hold up to that.If you just need a little barrier like I do then this is a cheap solution . If you need a good gate to use on a busy door or where a child will be pushing on it and trying to climb then I 'd go with something better.Update
 I bought this to block our dog from an area . Amazon included it in the pet supply category . The dog jumped on the gate and bit out a chunk of plastic , cracking the gate on the side . Definitely not worth the price !
 The pluses ? It 's cheap , and it does keep the baby and the dogs separate from each other.The minuses ? It is a pain in the behind -LRB- or more exactly , the palm , the fingers , and that soft webbing between the thumb and forefinger -RRB- . I have caught one or more of these in the `` adjustable '' arm while battling with it to adjust , and then to lock down securely . I have a number of blood-red bruises the size of pinheads on the palm of my hand below my thumb from the last couple of times I tried to adjust it to fit a door size.My suggestion is to go to a store and try out a few gates before you sacrifice your flesh and blood to one of these things .
 This gate is inexpensive , which is great , but it is difficult to use unless you enjoy jumping over it a lot . The `` memory '' feature that is supposed to make it easy to release and replace once you 've got it set up does n't work at all . The process of tightening the gate back down removes the bar that is supposed to keep its `` memory . `` In addition , it is very difficult to get a snug fit in any doorway , since you ca n't use the level to spread it out , you 've got to push with your hands and risk mashing your knuckles , which I did a number of times . Eventually , I just gave up and now I essentially lean it against the door frame . This works well enough , but I would n't recommend this gate to anyone .
 Not only is this gate UGLY , it is complicated to install ! I just could not get a tight fit with this ! It sucks and I absolutely hate jumping over this bulky gate . I pushed it out of the way after the second day and ordered another one that I absolutely love . I was on a budget yeah , but man , the old saying is so true -- you pay for what you get . Thumbs down for this one .
 Upon installation the gate lock pushes out causing it to bow out making it very difficult to step over , -LRB- after a week or so it was bowed out over 6 inches -RRB- . Upon taking it out it ripped the paint off of my wall down to the drywall ...
 I set it up the first time to secure fit into one entryway . After about 9 months I decided to try and re-adjust it to another entryway , but it did n't fit well on that one for some reason . When I went to put it back on the original entryway IT WOULD NOT LOCK INTO PLACE AS BEFORE ; The wedge that the metal latch goes into was suddenly too weak to hold the metal latch into place as needed . I 'm having to buy another gate after only a year of using this one ...
 this gate works I guess if you have straight walls . it really doesnt stay still and tight . I am sure there are much better ones out there but for 13.00 dollars i guess you get what you pay for
 Recieved and immediately processed a return . Very hard to adjust to right legnth . Makes for a PIA to open and close . Flimsy plastic so once you adjust it to fit the doorway and put pressure on it to lock it will bow and not make contact with all 4 pads causing it to be loose on one corner . Amazon was very quick about the return which says nothing for the gate really .
 I HATE this gate . It is nearly impossible to adjust . There is a little metal thing that goes into the plastic groove to hold the gate at a certain width , but getting it out is incredibly difficult . I have to pull and pull and when it finally pops out I usually end up getting hurt . Also , unless you are putting the gate in a really easy place , like in a flat-sided doorway with no trim , it does n't stay up , or if it does stay up , falls over when the baby pushes or pulls on it . I just hate this thing - it 's sitting in the basement right now and is n't likely to come out anytime soon .
 I followed all the instructions as close as I could , but I simply could not get this gate to work . It simply would not stay in place . I think we eventually threw it out .
 If you 're anything like me and do n't have a lot of time to set up or take down a child gate then do n't buy this one .
 This gate is very difficult to handle . I can not get it to spread apart without turning it on its side and putting my foot on it and pulling up on it toward my chin . I do n't find that the memory feature works in the longer positions . I wish I had never purchased it . This also does not work with our baseboards . I know that this is a problem with any gate of this style , but something to consider prior to purchase .
 the packaging was bad and the gate came damaged - no ` functional ' pieces were broken so i did n't bother sending it back .
 The gate arrived with large pieces of plastic broken off and rattling around in the box , still functional at this time . It was not worth sending it back . Very cheap material .
 I have 4 children and I have been through hundreds of sippy cups and none have been as frustrating as these !! After closing them you can kiss them good bye because you will NEVER be able to open them again ! At first I thought it was just 1 faulty cup and tried the second from a 2 pack ... same result ! Do not buy these !
 The appeal of this product is low price and nice lines , but be aware that the craftsmanship is far below Ikea , or other prefab products I have purchased . The legs and braces on our changing table had multiple fill spots and three hairline cracks straight out of the box , one split large enough to require glue and clamping . Alignment of dowel and screw holes was poor enough that it took some tricks not in the instructions to get it assembled . Were it not for the `` safety brace , '' the table surface is not substantial enough to hold an infant at all . Basically a piece of , well , shod .
 I like the Playtex insulated cups but I did not receive the cup that was pictured online . -LRB- I wanted the one with the planets and dinosaurs but received two with sports . -RRB- Now I must return it !
 I was very dissapointed in the color of product I received . It would have been a much happier customer if I at least got to select boy or girl colors . I ended up with two blue cups and I have a girl . I wasted my money and will end up giving these away to someone . By the time I pay shipping to return it , I 'd only get back a few dollars .
 There is no way to know what color combo on these cups you will receive . I received all pink cups eventhough they have blue and purple pictured . I would not order these cups online again , buy them at Target instead .
 I orderd these cups believing I will get the dinosaur ones as pictured , but instead got flower ones . My son is not going to use the flower cups !
 In the description of this product , the `` target gender '' is listed as male ... so I ordered them . But I received sippy cups that are pink with flowers and butterflies . It could be that this design got sent to me by mistake , but based on other reviews of playtex sippy cups it seems that this is a problem they have not worked out for ordering online . I would n't recommend you order sippy cups online unless you could use cups for either gender because you do n't know what you 're going to get and they 're not worth trying to return ... better to buy them from the store . Playtex does make a great sippy cup though .
 We are trying to limit our baby daughter 's exposure to toxic chemicals and plastics -LRB- see -LSB- ... -RSB- and their 10 Americans video -RRB- . I read the packaging on this item in the store , and it stated , `` BPA Free ! Phthalate Free ! '' BPA and phthalates are both chemicals that cause hormone problems in children . Hormones are those things in your body that tell you to grow and sexually mature , in addition to other critical functions . So you do n't want any chemicals that are going to disrupt that system!I was feeling pretty good about my purchase until I got them home and washed them in preparation for their first use . When I opened the cups up , there was a VERY strong smell of some kind of solvent , the kind a manufacturer might use to quickly clean things before packaging them up . It seemed to be concentrated in the silicone straw/valve assembly . Industrial solvents are typically petroleum based , and are EXTREMELY toxic . A petroleum-based solvent you may have heard of is gasoline . There are many others , but if you have n't had an organic chemistry class the names wo n't mean very much to you in terms of danger -LRB- xylene , toluene are a couple of the baddies -RRB- . These kind of solvents cause cancer , neurological damage , reproductive harm , liver damage , you name it . Just read the back of a spray-paint can and you 'll get the idea , because the solvent used to keep the paint flowing is what I 'm talking about.Babies have very small bodies , with organs that are n't mature yet , so exposure to chemicals is much more difficult for them to defend against than for adults . I will be calling Playtex to ask them to refund my money , as I will NOT use something that is potentially toxic when feeding my daughter !
 This is the second time I have ordered cups on Amazon and not gotten what is pictured . At least the first one said `` colors may vary '' but I did n't realize that it would also have hearts and butterflies which is not something my son is in to . So I found these dinosaur cups and were so excited . He LOVES dinosaurs . So I received them today and they are the transportation ones that I intentionally did NOT order . Just beware you are not getting what you see in the picture . If you do n't care that much then you are probably fine but I am using these to wean him off the bottle and thought the new special dinosaur cups would be just the trick : -LRB-
 This cup has been excellent so far from utility point of view . However , today my son fell while playing and chipped his front tooth because of the cup . The cup lid is far too hard for a baby 's teeth . So be careful before buying . I would recommend a softer cup that may not last this long but is safe for the kid .
 Playtex has a new `` Twist-n ' - click '' top on these now and they are impossible to use . I really mean impossible . You 're supposed to twist the cap on far enough for the little arrow to line up with an indicator for a leak proof fit . First , you ca n't even screw it on enough to get to that indicator and second , you ca n't remove the top once it is on !! My husband ca n't even remove it ! I thought maybe it was not screwed on straight , but that is not the case . I ca n't believe they changed the design of the top -LRB- which is n't reflected in the picture of the product here -RRB- . We have several of these cups with the old style lid and loved them . They never leak , so I do n't know why they changed them to this unusable style .
 Product received was not as described . The description stated unisex and color varies . The product I received was pink with butterflies and flowers ! Definitely not unisex !
 This item did not work as advertised . No matter what I tried , it did not pressure-mount , and I have a hard time imagining how it would create tension by `` pressing down the locking bar '' as the instructions described . Sending it back .
 Length :
 This gate only will work if the space you want to block off is in even inches . The lock only works for even space , so for example , if you need to close off an area that is 24.5 '' , the choice you get is 24 '' or 25 '' . 24 '' inches wo n't work , and 25 '' inches is bigger than the space , so that does n't work . I pretty much just lean it against a door frame and then put something against it to keep it there . I would n't buy this product again .
 I put this up in a doorway to keep my 12-pound Cairn terrier in one room . When I got home from work , he 'd completely ripped the wire mesh from its wooden frame , and bent the mesh beyond repair . He 's a small dog , so the mesh could n't have been attached very well . Disappointed .
 This gate was worthless to me . It did not stay upright and it was hard to open and close it . I did not like it at all . I had to send it back . Sorry , but true .
 This gate is not functional with baseboards that stick out more than 1/2 in . Also , the locking mechanism is shoddy and not as effective as I hoped .
 Purchased this gate to use to keep my son from climbing steps . It is fairly strong , easily adaptable , but a flawed design . Having to hook 2 latches is difficult , contrary to the pictures on the box . You could never operate the latches with one hand and a baby on your hip . The springs in the stick , sometimes wo n't latch , sometimes wo n't let go . Worst of all , my wife cut a large gash in her hand on the `` safe '' plastic section . Good idea , POOR hardware . Needs serious work to make this functional . Going to build yet another baby gate myself due to lack of cost effective , SAFE options on the market .
 I purchased this after reading some of the positive reviews . I have to admit , I was looking for something that does n't cost a lot and yet durable . I guess , at this point I have to equate durability with price . I bought 2 , one for the entry way to our hallway and the other one entry to the kitchen . The one placed by the kitchen broke after 2 weeks of installation . My 18-month old nephew who 's quite active would pull it back and forth and the right side snapped ! We tried to fix the broken wood by putting wood glue but it did n't work . Now , it 's a piece of junk stored in our garage . The other one lasted a little bit longer - one month to be exact . My 14-month old son just swung it open after I unlocked it and it cracked ! The very same area as the first one ! My nephew and baby boy did n't even bang the gate . From the looks of it , even an infant who just started to walk and push things could break this gate ! I am so disappointed ! It is a waste of money ! It 's my fault , I should 've bought a gate that 's made of steel or more durable material .
 I ordered this product hoping it would be the perfect solution to keep my baby boy from going up the stairs . The bottom of my stairs is in a kind of crowded area and I wanted the gate to expand and contract to fit into a small area when not in use . Unfortunately , the gate stays very large and does n't swing like I thought it would . I returned it before even trying to install . Disappointed this was n't a good solution . Back to the drawing board .
 This is a good gate for large openings . I needed a gate to keep my small dog off the carpet . The big drawback is the screws included to install the gate to the wall . You receive four small eye screws . After numerous holes in the wall trying to keep it in place , I finally gave up and now use it to block a smaller area . The screws stay in place if screwed directly into molding but do n't bother connecting directly to sheetrock .
 Having to close off our kitchen from our one-year-old was proving problematic due to an unusual opening -LRB- angled and wide -RRB- , and ultimately we decided on this gate , as every other alternative cost well over $ 100 . After just two days of use I found myself wishing we had spent the extra money ; the locking mechanism is awkward and time consuming , and the `` 4 point steel mounting hardware '' -LRB- eye hooks that screw into the wall -RRB- have already become stressed and faulty .
 I 've used a lot of these gates for both children and pets . My satisfaction is usually dominated by how easy they are to operate . This is the worst one I 've used . I am physically strong but can not compress the latch spring without using two hands . The latch components are cheap and ill fitting . I doubt many mothers could operate it with a baby in one arm .
 At first we liked this gate . It was easy to install and did its purpose . We did n't even mind that it was a little tricky to latch at times . We used this to cover a 4 ft opening . It broke after only a few months of use . The bigger the opening , the more flimbsy the gate gets . Good luck if you go with this gate !!
 The moment I saw the box on the front porch it screamed CHINA . I could tell by the dent on the side of the box that there would be damage . Once I opened the box and saw the subset of two boxes inside along with the MINIMAL styrofoam , I knew there would be damage.I opened the table box and the first thing that I saw was the corner of the table dented and the pressed wood was separating.I ordered this , the rocking chair and the storage chest . After reading the one honest review for the storage chest I came to the realization that whoever called this heirloom quality may have been paid to leave their response . I 'm still not completely sure how you `` carve '' pressed wood.Initially I ordered a replacement but considering the lack of packing I have no idea how this could ever arrive to anybody undamaged.I 'd rather have something made of solid wood that will hold up to the abuse of the projected user .
 Jcpenney sells their lamp with the shade for 39.99 . It saves you $ 10.09 . In addition their 3pc . bedding is $ 129.99 compared to Babies R us at $ 179.99 . They also have alot more accesories than Babies R US does . Bottom line just by buying the lamp and the bedding set at Jcpenney saves you about $ 60
 This bassinet looks lovely in the pictures , and we read reviews carefully and finally purchased one hoping it would work well to keep our new baby in our room as she slept . It does look pretty , but we definitely experienced some disappointments with this product that I think you should be aware about before you buy . I would n't say `` Do n't buy this ! '' but definitely think about it before you buy , and do your research.My satisfaction with this product is that it looks pretty and my baby sleeps in it . The fabric all needed to be well ironed before it looked good , as it arrived very wrinkled . We also decided to purchase the oval version rather than the round one as this one will fit through a standard doorway whereas the round version wo n't . My complaints with this product are : - it arrived with a couple scratches , although they are n't severe or in obvious places - my husband was assembling this bassinet and realized some of the holes had been pre-drilled incorrectly . I was n't surprised as I 'd actually read another reviewer somewhere also say this happened to them . Luckily my husband is a handy man so it did n't set us back ... - the sheet for the pad had a dark stain on the hem -LRB- I will be uploading photos , so be sure to look -RRB- - the `` mattress '' pad is THIN , although I realize this is standard for infant bedding but it was so flimsy that the sheet caused it to buckle just by putting it on - along the top side of the railing are bright brassy screws that are eyesores and make this pretty bassinet appear cheaper , I used a white oil-paint pen to cover them up as well as I could and help them blend into the white railing - the metal arm & hoop that holds the pretty curtain up is incredibly flimsy and ours arrived crooked and just did n't look good . It required bending on our part and also needs to be frequently adjusted so that it stands straight . Very cheap . - the `` shelf '' underneath the bassinet is a nice idea but the board is so flimsy it caves in under the slightest pressureJust consider all these warnings before you purchase this bassinet . I honestly had a hard time finding ANY bassinet on the market without some sketchy reviews , and in the end this bassinet still serves it 's purpose and looks pretty . The quality , however , is very lacking . I just hope it continues to be a safe place for my infant to sleep , she 's not wiggly or moving much yet but the quality still makes me a bit nervous.UPDATE 5/24/11
 I want to start off by mentioning I usually buy products that have several 5 star reviews and there is always someone who does n't like an item , but I have to admit , this item is not worth the 5 stars.I bought a Summer Infant Bassinet from Amazon just a week prior and my parents were looking for a nicer bassinet for their home . I found this one and thought it was so pretty in the picture , however , good luck getting it to look like the picture in your home.The worst part about this item was the `` pre-drilled '' holes were nowhere close to where they needed to be . The directions were very limited and left you guessing . Lastly , this whole piece is very flimsy , we wo n't be keeping the canopy on for fear of it just falling over.I would not suggest this product because there are much higher quality bassinets on the market for a much better price .
 This item does what I wanted it to do ... it holds books . BUT , it was much more difficult to hang than I expected . It has five holes across the top of the vinyl and behind those holes are sturdy wood/cardboard pieces that also have holes punched in them . Then there are holes punched in the back piece of vinyl as well . So what you have is layers ... vinyl , wood/cardboard , vinyl . In order to hang the thing , you have to make sure that all of the holes are lined up ... this is difficult since the wood/cardboard pieces are n't secured inside there in any way so they slide around . Then , not only that but the holes are n't spaced exactly evenly across so you really need to measure between each hole and not just expect that they 're spaced evenly . THEN , you ca n't just hang it with nails because the holes are large and it will come right off . I had to use hooks so that it would stay on . Then on top of that , even after hanging it , it does n't lie flat on the wall ; it wrinkles . I think if I had it to do over again , I would buy something else that was easier to hang , better quality , and did n't require so many holes in my wall . This is definitely not worth what I paid for it .
 I bought this as part of a baby shower gift . I expected something larger . Instead I got a tiny little sampler pack that fits in the palm of my hand , specifically this thing is only 5.5 x 4 inches.Also , mine arrived in bad shape , the package had broken and was repaired sloppily with packing tape . Not an attractive looking package to give as part of a gift.I paid $ 12.39 , and THANK GOODNESS I did not have to also pay shipping for my order . If I had another few dollars tacked on for shipping I would really be irate.I advise not to buy this . Probably , would end up cheaper for you to just go out and buy a couple full sized products . I guess the only use for these are for using when one travels . They are that small .
 I have this stroller also . It is huge even when folded -LRB- although it is a snap to fold -RRB- . It takes up the entire back of my minivan . I do n't think the designers ever actually strapped real children into this stroller . The straps have never fit around my oloder child -LRB- he is very tall , but it would n't even strap on when he was 2 -RRB- and my younger child , who is very average size , could only be strapped in until he was about 14 months old . Also , by the time they are old enough to need a footrest , it is too short . The holder pouch is very big , but difficult to get anything into , and the handlebars are too wide to slip diaper bag straps around . I often end up putting it on top of the sun shade , which is too low to be useful to the kids . It rubs accross their heads and drives them nuts . Bottom line , strap your kids in -LRB- if you can -RRB- and take it for a ride around the store before buying .
 This is the worst stroller ever , this thing takes up the whole back of my Grand Jeep Cherokee . It is heavy , I think it is 50 pounds , ca n't go anywhere with this , the back tires are very far apart making it very wide , I always need help when I get stuck in aisles in stores , getting in and out of doors . It is way to long , longer than all the other tandem strollers . The front foot rest is up to high , so my 19 month old son 's ankles hit the foot rest -LRB- it is not ajustable -RRB- ca n't get stuff in or out of the basket easily , you have to unsnap it . The shade in the back gets ruined and does n't stay up because of folding it up . I had the eddie bauer single and decided since I had the car seat for my new baby already to fit this , I would save money . I am buying another tandem after she is out of the carseat , so what a waste of money . DO NOT BUY THIS STROLLER , IF YOU WANT TO GO ANYWHERE !!!!!!!!!!
 At first glance , this seems to be a wonderful kit ... . or at least one thinks so . It comes in a `` sturdy '' hard plastic case , and seems to carry the most essential products . The products in themselves appear to be top of the line with rubberized handles and even magnifying glasses . It seems to say safety and security . Well our baby has yet to arrive but I had an emergency with a very sick little 4 year old in which I was forced to break out `` the kit '' . And man was I sorely disappointed . The thermometer is not lit and hard to read , and to top it off it does n't even beep when it is done , so you have to sit there and continually watch it . When it says it only takes 90 seconds ... it is lying !! I was there holding blasted thing under her arm for 3-4 minutes , every 3-4 hours when she was due for her tylenol or motrin ... GRRRRR !!! The other wonder I was initially awed by was the handy medicine dispenser . Two words ... . IT SUCKS ! It was impossible to get the medicine all the way into the syringe without leaving a significant portion in the cup , and the plunger itself took an act of congress to pull !!! We tried everything , even turning the darned thing upside down . All I know is I am a veteran mom of 3 , and I know from experience when you have a cranky , sick toddler , THE LAST thing you want to fidget with is an unreliable medicine dispenser !!! You have enough of a fight just to get the medicine into the child without fighting with the dispenser too !!! In the end the cheap one the drug store sent was WAY better !!! Save your money and time and spend it on something else or even better yet make your own with all the products YOU like most :-RRB- And BTW , they are right ... all the equipment inside the kit does fall out and all over the place . Really ... Safety 1st could have done a MUCH better job !!!
 This kit represents overall good value in terms of the contents , since a single digital thermometer costs ... It could include a scissor.However when we first opened the hard plastic case , half of the contents fell out , since they are not secured inside it . Additionally the case is difficult to carry by the handle -LRB- there 's no hole -RRB- and is not securely closed . Not to mention its bulkyness.We returned it and bought Nursery and Bath Care Set by Summer Infant Products . For additional -LSB- money -RSB- you get a few more extra items , all secured in elastic loops in a compact pouch .
 I registered for this thinking it would be great . Everything I need . RIIIIGHHHTTT . . haha . . The only things in it I can use are the nail clippers -LRB- but I can not use the magnification because it distorts everything and I can not see my sons nails -RRB- , the hair brush which is nice , the comb which is nice , and the nail files which I dont like anyways because the chalkboard scrapping sound lol . The thermometer -LSB- stinks -RSB- ! It does n't beep so you dont know wen its done . You have to watch for it to blink or something like that and it only blinks a few times so if u miss it ur gon na sit there for a LOOOONNG time but hey it takes a long time to work anyways . The medicine dropper is TOO hard to pull out and push in . And the tweezers are very flimsy
 The thermometer takes a VERY long time to work , if it even beeps at all . The medicine dropper is awkward . The case is hard to open especially if you have a child in your hands . It 's pointless , more of a hassle than what it is worth . I think that this product was a waste of money !
 This product has many flaws . The thermometer does n't beep . It 's hard to open everything falls when it is open.The medicine dropper is awkward . Etc. .
 I like the idea of all this in one case -LRB- and it 's hard to complain at this price -RRB- , but some of these things would be better bought separately . We 've either traded up or found a substitute for most of the things in here . Here 's what I found
 This was given to me as a gift , and although I have used it , it would not be my first choice in infant care . The nail clippers are mediocre at best , I understand they should n't be sharp for an infant but I have to exert tremendous pressure just to clip my son 's nails . The syringe is too hard of a push to administer medicine and the tweazers could n't pull a hair out of my head - they have absolutely no grip . I have never used the brush , comb or toothbrush -LRB- I have others -RRB- but they do make for good entertainment when diapering ! The case is cumbersome and of poor design . Everytime I open it - everything falls out !
 You may want to pass on this one . At first when I registered for this it seemed like such a neat idea to have everything you need in a compact case but when I opened it up , everything fell out of the case . Nothing would stay in it 's place ... and when you have a sick baby at 2am you do n't want to be picking up items off of the floor in the dark . Not to mention that the thermometer takes forever to read . Its a great idea but needs some more modifications before I would buy it . I ended up taking it back and just buying the items I did n't have separately and keeping them in a plastic zipper bag .
 I bought this when I was 9 months pregnant thinking that it has allt he things that I need and was n't bad on the price either . I loved the little plastic bag and all the necessary items inside it . But when I strated using it , that is when my dauhter was 2 months old the problem started .1 . I open the box and everything fall out , nothing stays in the place .2 . The thermometer is very hard to use . You have to constantly look at it cause it doea n't beep nor is it lit and you have to keep an eye on the flahing little icon .3 . The magnifier on the nail clipper is hopeless . I can not clip her nail by using it , so I have learnt to use without it . $ . Last week I took my daughter to the doctor cause she had a cold . I told them that she did n't have fever as I had checked it before going . The manual that it comes with says to deduct 1 degree F if you are taking the temperature underarm , so a 100.6 was 99.6 according to Safety 1st . But her ped said no that is wrong cause a temperature that is taken underarm needs to have 1 degree added to it , so actually her temperature was 101.6 . I was so mad at the company . I still have to talk to those people about it . Also her ped has asked me to bring thr thermometer and the manual the next time i go here which is this coming Friday . They said they need to take a look at it.The other things like the medicine dispenser , brush , comb is fine .
 The nail clippers , hairbrush , and comb are great but I did not care for the rest . It would be cost effective to buy the items seperately from this company .
 I did a lot of research when I registered . Apparently I did n't research this particular choice very well . The case looks nice and I thought it had things that I needed . First , the case does n't stay shut , so all the items fall out . Second , the items are not of the quality I would expect . Third , I do n't even need half the items included . I would recommend buying baby care items individually instead of in a kit .
 I have actually thrown this kit away since one night my son was very sick and it was taking me an hour to open the thing . I got fed up and threw it across the room and the next morning I threw it away . I kept the medicine despenser though b/c I kinda like that . But everything else is worthless especially the thermometer . Imagine having to fight with a sick 5 month old trying to get an underarm temp only to have the thing take FOREVER , and then just shut off when it 's done . NO BEEP , NOTHING . It does n't light up in the dark , and you ca n't replace the battery , not that I 'd want to anyway . The nail clippers are useless , I almost went blind trying to see through the glare of the magnifying glass and babies nails are too soft to be using emery boards anyway . like they 're really going to sit still while you file their nails , that 's ridiculous . It 's hard enough cutting them ! This product is NOT recommended .
 Being a parent to be I registered for this thinking it had all of the major items I needed . The tweezers and nail clippers come with a useless magnifying glass that is wobbly and gives you a very distored view of your baby 's fingernails . Speaking of clippers ... the pin that holds it together kept popping out -LRB- the ones that come with Lil ' Tummy 's gas drops free have been the best -RRB- . The medicine dispenser is hard to pull up and does n't dispense all of the medication in it . The thermometer did n't even give an accurate reading -LRB- scary thought -RRB- . I gave this two stars because the brush , comb , nail file , and toothbrush are just fine .
 I have small hands , so I actually ca n't grip this product with one hand . It slips right out , because there is no hole . The items are okay , really do n't like the nail cutters though , and they do n't stay in there places.I 'm sure there are better kits out there .
 I have seen this product -LRB- and others similar to it -RRB- . As an RN , we encouraged prospective parents to refrain from being drawn in by the `` cuteness '' of items that are geared only to be sold , not to be useful . Although each category of item in this kit is certainly useful , and some essential , it is far better to spend your money on the items purchased separately . In this way , you can check for quality and longevity . Put together your own kit .
 I read the reviews of others having problems with the seller and figured it 's a small problem . Apparently it 's not . We received the mobile with 2 missing parts and 1 WRONG part -LRB- the image in the diagram is different -RRB- . Tried to return , and not only do you pay for the return shipping , but they also charge a 20 % restocking fee . The math looks like this - $ 39.99 + $ 14 -LRB- s/h -RRB- = $ 54 + $ 10 -LRB- return s/h -RRB- - $ 32 -LRB- refund -RRB- = $ 32 . So to return this item still costs you $ 32 ! To top it all off , the quality of the mobile is questionable.Do yourself a favor , stay away from JoJo products and stay away from Beyond Bedding . Amazon should investigate the seller seeing as how this issue appears to be widespread .
 This is the worst item I have ever purchased on Amazon the music box wasnt powerful enough to turn the mobile ! I called to ask for a new one or exchange but they wanted me to pay the shipping back for what I call a defective item . The arm of the mobile is barely long/deep enough for it to spin when I switched out the music box for one that I have had for over 10 years and had been passed down through 4 other kids . The only good thing is that is matched the bedding and that is it !! DO NOT BUY THIS !! I didnt even want to give it one star as it didnt even deserve that !!
 I ca n't believe that they would send me only PART of the mobile . There 's nothing but the cloth ! Nothing to hang these items on ! THIS is a mobile ? I 'm disgusted with Amazon .
 I received the mobile and it looked used . The white plastic was all scratched up and dirty . I tried to clean it up , but nothing worked . We were disappointed and decided not to put it in the baby 's room .
 The product arrived in a box with the pieces just thrown in it.All of the pieces were not in the box and one of the main pieces that were in there were broken . I am returning this right away . I bought the vintage pink toile nursery set and was satisfied with that but this product is very cheap . It is made out of plastic and the pieces were all dirty and dusty .
 OK SO IT DOES NOT FIT ON MY CRIB . AS A MATTER OF FACT I DONT THINK IT WOULD FIT ON ANY WOOD CRIB . WOULD PROBABLY ONLY FIT ON ONE OF THOSE CHEAP METAL CRIBS . TRID TO RETURN ITEM BUT PAID ALMOST AS MUCH FOR THE ORIGINAL SHIPPING AS I DID THE MOBILE AND THEN WAS TOLD I WOULD HAVE TO PAY TO SHIP IT BACK SO I KEPT IT OUT OF SPITE . BY THE TIME THEY REFUNDED ME THE 14.99 FOR THE MOBILE I WOULD HAVE PAID 30 DOLLARS IN SHIPPING . NOT HAPPY !!!!
 This product is over-priced , shoddy quality , and if you do n't like it you ca n't get a full refund . I was disappointed with the cheap plastic skeleton , the music box that twangs awkwardly and only lasts a couple minutes , and the fabric that does nothing for my baby except match her bedding . Now that I want to return it I learn that they wo n't refund the $ 14 shipping & handling that I originally paid , AND I AM SUPPOSED TO PAY FOR IT TO GET SHIPPED BACK TO THEM . So now I am still out $ 14 of the $ 50 I paid for this thing , I have to pay to send it back to them , and I still do n't have a mobile for my baby 's crib . What a racket!I am SO sorry I bought this thing and now I 'm out $ 20 , the lost time of dealing with all this , and nothing to show for it .
 This might be a great product except for the small fact that I ca n't use it at all because it will not attach to the crib .
 I bought this mobile thinking it would bo so cute and I was wrong . The canopy top piece of the mobile was fine , but the boats hanging from it looked terrible . The boats looked like oval balls and the stiching also looked of poor quality .
 I bought this item as `` new '' and received it as USED . The plastic is filthy , dirty with scratches , dings , dents , and stains . This was supposed to go in my babies nursery along with all of the other bumblebee products I had bought , but I would n't put this near a flea infested dog !!! I am disgusted . I sent the product back for a replacement , and you would never believe that they sent another used product !!!!!!!!!!!! I am dumbfounded to say the least . The only offer Amazon is willing to make me is to keep it and give me $ 8.00 off the purchase price -- are you kidding me ???? KEEP IT ???? Or just send it back for a refund and have no mobile to match my babies room . No one can seem to give me any answers as to why used products are being sent out , but I want and deserve to know as a customer why this is happening . I AM TICKED to say the least .
 The mobile looks nice in my baby 's room but it does n't spin like it should . It seems like the mobile part is too wide and gets in the way of the base and is n't able to spin .
 This was very cute but it does n't fit all cribs . Sadly went I received it the clamp is too small for the crib . = -LRB-
 I was very disappointed with this item , especially for it costing almost $ 50 -LRB- with tax and shipping -RRB- . It barely plays music , before it shuts off ... and the music itself was not very loud . Sounds like a music box on it 's last leg . We were not able to install it on the crib as the instructions stated and we had to `` rig '' it to make it stay . Not worth the money and I would not reccommend .
 I purchased this Medela manual pump after being dissatisfied with the First Years electric pump . It worked great for a while but after only a couple of months it has begun to lose suction . I used to be able to express at least 5 ounces with ease -LRB- in about 15 - 20 minutes -RRB- and now I am pumping for 30 -45 minutes and barely getting 2 ounces from each side . There seems to be a leak in the suction and I can hear air escaping each time I pump . Now I am shopping around trying to find another pump to use , without a large cost since I have already purchased 2 types and not had any luck .
 I have n't tried every manual breastpump for comparison , but I can tell you that the Medela Harmony I bought hurts like the dickens , and it is n't very successful in getting milk out of me - hand expressing worked equally well if not better . To avoid sinking more money into a device of torture I 'll never use , I 've rented a Medela Lactina from a local clinic in order to try an electric pump before making the investment in purchasing one . I 'm WAY happier with it and would recommend it over a hand-pump any day . It is overkill for my pumping needs , but the comfort and effectiveness is worth the extra $ $ $ to me .
 I bought this pump based on the Medela name , however , this pump is worthless ! I end up hand expressing into the cup which is more effective than this pump . When I finally do get a couple of ounces , it leaks from the seal by the bottle . I ended up purchasing the Isis and am very happy with it ! I should 've just spent the money on the Pump In Style !
 I first used the medela breast pump a fews years ago with my son . I was in the military and pumping milk was the only thing I could do . I am now expecting my third child and am reluctant to get a breast pump of any kind , because of the pain the medela caused . Though pumping was my only choice since I wanted desperately to breast feed , I am afraid of the unneccessary pain I 'll have to endure from pumping . It 's been years now since I pumped , so I 'm hoping technology has changed a bit to help the mother with some relief . I 've heard about the Isis , but my experiences with the medela really were painful . I also did n't express much more milk with the medela than I would when I pumped by hand into a cup .
 this pump is really not even worth a PENNY !! i had bought it in the hospital the day after i had givin birth , and it cost 35bucks and its sooo not good !! IT DOES HURT !!! yes it will hurt when you pump but this one makes you wan na CRY !!! cuz its no good and it does n't even pump put my milk right i pump it and its like leaking from the side and it never goes down to the bottle anyhow PLEASE consider another pump this one is a waste of MONEY !!!
 This pump was cheap and I know why . It was way to hard to use and when you finally figured it out it took way to long and was way to hard to get anything . I would not recommend it to anyone . Finally went out and bought an electric one . Do not waste your money !
 I order this set and when I got it , I only received one tote and one ice pack . So , I returned it since it explicitly states you get two ice packs , a large tote and a single bottle tote . Once again , I received just the larger tote and one ice pack . If you are fine with just the one tote and ice pack you will probably like this product , but I really wanted the set so I was not pleased . I do hope that they fix the wording on the product to reflect the set is the tote and ice pack alone . I was very disappointed to not receive the product as described - twice no less - even though Amazon was quick to ship the replacement . Again , hopefully they will change the wording - I do n't think I 'll be trying to order this one a third time !
 this think does n't work well and does n't hold much . i got the lesportsac triple bottle bag and it 's lighter and works better .
 The ice pack is not rugged at all . I would n't say we were particularly hard on it , but after 2 or 3 uses , it began to leak blue gunk everywhere . The bag is nice , but it could be slightly wider so it does n't just fit the tall thin -LRB- * cough * Dr.Brown * cough * -RRB- bottles ... since lots of people use other bottles . It will fit 3 of the large Tommee Tippee bottle , but they 're kind of staggered . I do n't recommend this item at all .
 I 've been using this bag for months because of it 's shape and cleaning ease , but it 's ability to keep cool is sorely lacking . I use two cooling units inside the bag and if anything , cold items get warmer while in it . It 's an attractive bag and very easy to clean but the main purpose was for keeping cold things cold . Four hours later , there is n't much difference in cooling than if the item were sitting on my desk . Looking for a new bag ...
 I was really excited to get this item as I send 4 bottles to my daycare providers everyday , and I thought it would snap right onto the side of my daughter 's diaper bag for easy travel . Ummmmmm , I 'm not quite sure why they advertise that this thing can fit 4 bottles , because I fit 3 -LRB- 8 oz -RRB- EXTREMELY TIGHTLY and then once I added the ice pack there was NO POSSIBLE way to close it . Not to mention if you have wide neck bottles ; -LRB- like Avent , Born Free , or Dr Browns -RRB- good luck . I tried my NUK bottles too without success . The only ones I could fit in there were the 4 oz bottles , and only 3 with the ice pack ; it was still so tight I nearly busted the zipper off trying to close the darn thing ! Anyway , I 'll save it for a rainy day and hope that some other use comes of it . I definitely would have bought something else had I known , I 'm pretty bummed .
 This was great for about 6 months but then the inside ripped and the cool packs that came with it leaked . I have n't been heavy handed with it , so maybe mine was a duff one but I would n't repurchase this again .
 I was very disappointed when i received this item . I received one that had a stain looks like a blood stain . I cleaned it and it did not go away I was disgusted by it . I was very upset and return the item .
 The biggest plus of this stroller is that it is really lightweight . There are way too many minuses
 Our family has had a Combi Savvy for years , and love it . Recently it broke -LRB- it 's rated to 45 lbs , and a friend who weighs about 130 lbs fell on it -RRB- . So we bought the Aria because :1 . It 's even lighter than the Savvy2 . It 's slightly wider , giving our 3 year old more shoulder room.Problems encountered so far :1 . Noisy wheel - Peg Perego recommends putting grease on the wheel , even though it is brand-new .2 . The Aria sticker is almost completely peeled off on one side , and the other side is starting to peel off . Peg Perego says they will send another sticker for us to glue onto the stroller ourselves .3 . As other reviewers have noted , cup holder is not sturdy . Ours fell off and we had to reattach . Again , Peg Perego says they will send another cup holder .4 . Very difficult to maneuver . I can maneuver the Combi Savvy with one hand , fully loaded grocery shopping carts with one hand , etc. . . but have trouble frequenty with the Aria .5 . Hard to open and close , requiring minimum 2 hands and as another reviewer noted , a foot also . With the Combi Savvy I never need more than one hand to open , and 1.5 hands to close -LRB- 1 hand to close , then a little help to latch after the Savvy folds into its compact storage configuration -RRB- .6 . It 's a lightweight stroller , but it does take up significant space in the trunk.In conclusion , I 've written the retailer to get the product returned . Going to buy a Combi Savvy .
 We bought this for a trip to the Caribbean to hold our daughter 's car seat . It held up fine on the way there but on the way back it burst at the zipper . When we went to baggage claim , the empty bag came out first with baggage tag then our car seat came out several minutes later . I 'm surprised we got both back . I returned this to Amazon for a refund . It is a shame since it seemed like a very well constructed bag with heavy duty zippers and material . It may just be that we got a defective bag . I may try another one in the future -LRB- maybe they 'll improve the zipper issue or I 'll get a non-defective one -RRB- .
 I read all the other reviews , so I knew it was possible , but this bag tore on the bottom -LRB- not near any of the handles/straps as I expected -RRB- after my very first flight . I had an infant seat and base inside .
 I wanted to like this bag and searched high and low on reviews to see if it fits the Orbit Baby infant car seat and some advertisements said that it would fit -- but it certainly does not in a way that you can still carry on your back . It does zip up but is impossible to carry because it jabs you in the back . A rolling bag would be a better choice -- wish I could find one ! Anyone know of one that does fit ? I wish someone would 've posted this review so I did n't buy it.Once again -- DOES NOT FIT ORBIT BABY -- good luck finding one that does ! Post a comment if you know of one ! : DUPDATE
 First trip with bag , the seam ripped at the top by the handle all the way across . Returned and Amazon was good enough to give a full refund .
 This product was great at what it was suppose to do , protect my car seat but the quality of the bag was HORRIBLE . THE MATERIAL cracked and ripped like crispy plastic after the first use . The seams around the bag and shoulder straps came apart without even using the straps . For the amount that the item cost , I really wished the quality was better . I bought it based on the great reviews but was disappointed . Should have bought the cheaper one if I knew this more expensive one would have broke slightly after the first use . Besides the the quality of the bag , everything else is good as far as keeping my car seat protected .
 Fit our Britax perfectly but did rip on way back from Hawaii . Maybe the multiple exchanges was too stressful for the bag .
 First time using the bag , the zipper tore apart . Even if we get the zipper to close , it rips open with the slightest pressure .
 We purchased this to make carrying the car seat while flying easier . While the bag is huge -LRB- wide , and very tall -RRB- , the top portion was not deep enough to fit the headrest of the car seat . We tried everything , but could not even get the bag zipped up over the car seat . Had to return it .
 Put the carseat in the bag tonight , and the zipper wo n't stay `` together '' when I zip it up around the seat . Terrible quality on the zipper - cheap plastic . We read all of the rave reviews , now here we are leaving tomorrow for the airport and this bag is so cheap , we ca n't even get the bag to the airport . Yes , we should have inspected upon receipt but it 's something you do n't know until you uninstall the carseat from your car and try to zip up . What parent of a toddler really has time to do this ? You buy something and expect it to work . I would recommend others to buy another brand .
 What an amazing product idea ! Too bad the zipper broke within the 1st hour we used it . Not sure if exchanging it will result in a better zipper as it seems poor quality
 We thought this bag would ease our cross-country plane trip with our infant . But the strap snapped as we entered the airport . After finding a sewing kit in the terminal , we were able to sew it back together . The bag held up for the trip back .
 After 1 flight there was a tear near the seam on the bottom . I do n't expect I 'll get more than a few uses out of them -LRB- I bought 2 -RRB- . Also , the positioning of the handle on the top makes it difficult to lug more than one bag . The shoulder straps are nice , however if you are only carrying 1 .
 Please note the other reviews for this product are old ! We ordered this bag and literally , as soon as we opened it and unzipped it , it broke . The zipper does not work , and the padding was damaged . This product is of awful quality . Find another car seat bag as this one is terrible .
 This looked like a sturdy enough bag so was very disappointed to find that it did n't fit the Recaro Pro Sport Harness to Booster seat . The website stated that the bag fit the seat but the actual packaging on the bag did n't mention Recaro .
 My husband and I just finished our second trip using this bag . We bought it to protect our Chicco infant seat so we had plenty of room to spare as it also fits larger convertible seats . Well , not only did the zipper break on this trip but one of the straps broke off while my husband was carrying it through the airport . We have barely used it and it is already completely useless . Please do n't waste your money on this one , research some other brands .
 I do n't usually write reviews for any products I buy , but I was so disappointed with this item that I wanted to share my experience.I bought the travel bag for a recent trip to the UK . I was travelling alone with my 2 year-old , a stroller , and a regular bag . I chose this ` backpack ' style bag over the pull-along style , figuring it would be easier to manage . Not so ... once the car seat is inside the travel bag , it is incredibly uncomfortable and cumbersome to carry . I have done a lot of backpacking in the past where the weight is bearable because it is spread out across the hips and lower back . But with this item the weight is distributed across the upper back and shoulders , making it difficult and painful to carry for even a short distance . I ended up pushing the entire bag along in the stroller whilst my son walked . Both my husband and I were shocked at how uncomfortable it was -LRB- we are both average height and weight , and neither of us is physically weak -RRB- . Maybe this product is okay if your car seat is very lightweight ?? We bought it intending to use it to transport our car seat many times when we backpack Europe , but now realise that will just not be an option . I will be re-selling mine on ebay . I will never use it again and I would strongly advise anyone against buying this item .
 The quality of this is absolutely horrible . Had to throw out after 1 trip , it ripped right up the seams on the side . Wish it would have worked . We have a britax advocate .
 We bought this product based on the good reviews by other customers , but now realize that those reviews were based on previous models of the Britax Frontier . The new Frontier 85 SICT is wider at the top , and the bag wo n't zip around it unless multiple people stand on the carseat to cave in the SICT pads , and have another 2 people on hand to struggle with getting the zipper to barely close . I had to use it for a trip because I had no time to return it beforehand . It took 3-4 people to get the carseat in the bag on both legs of travel , and I definitey ca n't use it again -LRB- the seams around the zipper are already ripping from the strain -RRB- . Probably good for older models or other brands , but was a total waste of money for us .
 We took this on a couple of trips and then it broke . The zipper pulled away from the fabric , the nylon frayed so it got caught , then ripped . Now it 's useless because it ca n't close . Also , it ONLY has backpack straps , so I guess I need to use it as a backpack because that 's the only option .
 I will be returning this because the first time we attempted to take it on vacation the zipper broke in the airport - nice start to the vacationSInce the entire point of the bag goes away with a broken zipper I can only give it 1 star
 This bag has a bad design and the zipper is cheap . It will rip open.The bag did not make it through a single trip -LRB- only 1 layover -RRB- .
 We are returning this car seat travel bag . The zipper broke during the first leg of the trip . I just happened to be sitting by the wing of the plane watching them load luggage and saw our car seat sticking out of this bag with a broken zipper . Then I had to worry for the rest of the trip if the car seat would make it to the our final destination as we had a lay over and transfer . Not cool ! FYI - The airline was unable or unwilling to alert the luggage carriers when I spoke to the customer service rep during the layover . This product was too expensive for this kind of stress !
 Let me first state that JL Childress does NOT advertise that the Britax Advocate CS will fit in this travel bag . However , a review I read shared how excited they were that it did in fact fit ! I do n't want others to have this same false hope we had ... it does not even come close to fitting ! In doing a little more research , I discovered that JL Childress does offer a custom car seat bag . =-RRB- Their customer service can provide all the details .
 My 14 month old has NEVER had a diaper rash till I ran out of our other cream and bought this . Giving it the benefit of the doubt , perhaps it was an allergy to something in the cream . However , we have used several other creams with no reaction , she had no change in diet , and was not actively cutting a tooth . After 2 days use , she had red welts all over her diaper area and we discontinued use immediately . After that , the rash cleared up and she 's been fine .
 My child had a horrible case of diaper rash with broken skin . I felt terrible for him and I did n't realize he was in pain from the burning he felt on his precious bottom when I applied this ointment . Putting this product on a baby with any broken skin is like pouring alcohol on a cut . Bad bad bad .
 This stuff is nearly impossible to clean from your hands . Think zinc sunscreen , but thicker ... I intended to use this for psoriasis -LRB- probably naive -RRB- , but it 'll just get all over my clothes . So , I 'm tossing it .
 My baby is allergic to this product . The smell stink . The color is too white . I have to pay the shipping fee .
 I was happy to switch to Burt 's Bees from Cal baby , because it was cheaper and worked well . It does n't spread as well though , it 's much harder . But even with using a liner every single time , after a few months of use , the diapers were showing the white streaks of the cream and the absorbency went way down , to the point of leaking several times a day . Sorry to switch back to Cal baby , but necessary !
 The consistency of this ointment is great , but we could n't take the scent of it . Very overpowering . We stopped using the product after three days .
 I just found an allergy alert for Burt 's Bees products . It 's shocking to see the number of potentially severe allergens in products they advertise as hypoallergenic . It is possible for these allergens to be absorbed topically and cause severe allergies in some . `` Burt 's Bees Baby Bee Diaper Ointment '' in particular contains almond oil as the main ingredient , along with beeswax - both allergens
 I received this along with the baby powder . I used the powder with no issues and I also purchased Burt 's Bees Bath and Shampoo and have not had any issues . The shampoo/body wash works great and smells pleasantly like honey . No reactions or allergies . However , when I used Burt 's Bees Baby Bee Diaper Ointment on my baby I found it greasy , sticky , and very odoriferous . My baby did not seem to mind , so I continued to use it.After several applications I noticed that her minor rash was becoming more and more angry . Having not changed her diet and she was not having diarrhea , I could not account for the worsening of her rash . I stopped using the ointment and started using A&D. ; Her rash cleared up in a day.I would not recommend this .
 Not a fan - I found the smell of this diaper ointment to be far too strong for my liking.Granted , I 'm not too partial to baby products with added fragrance , but this one was particularly offensive . Do n't get me wrong - I love the smell of lavender - just not on my kid 's butt.For what it 's worth , I really likeAveeno Baby Diaper Rash Cream , Fragrance Free , 3.7-Ounce Tube - fragrance free , and not a hint of diaper rash on my little man 's bottom in 3 months of using it .
 I love this diaper cream . It 's the best one we 've tried . However , this product page is misleading . It says you 'll pay `` $ 6.92 -LRB- $ 2.31 / count -RRB- '' which makes you think you 're getting three tubes . But you 're really only getting one tube . I was very disappointed to find only one tube in the package . The site should say `` $ 2.31 / ounce '' to be accurate . So it 's not that great of a deal . You 'll find this diaper cream much cheaper in other places .
 Do n't use this on your baby . We used it on a newborn and 6 hours of crying ensued . After a trip to the ER and the baby checked out fine it was determined that it had to be the diaper cream . It smells strongly of menthol . Lesson learned to stay with the tried and true Desitin or Boudreauxs . Very sad for a newborn and first time mother to have to endure . Burts should stay with what they know . The best part is that it was a gift and no cost -LRB- except the ER bill -RRB- and it 's now in the trash compactor .
 I was very impressed with the picture on this monitor . I liked how you can hook the camera right up to your crib for a great view of your baby . BUT there was way too much interference , to see the `` great '' picture for more than 2 seconds at a time . There was so much static . I tried all the channels and they were all equally as bad . We live in a townhome community , so even though our phones are 5.8 GhZ , and we do not have wireless internet , it 's possible our very close neighbors may have 2.4 Ghz phones , -LRB- the same frequencey as the monitor -RRB- , or maybe wireless internet . Thats too bad b/c a video monitor is a great idea . ~ Kim
 What a shame ! This monitor has beautiful picture and the crib mount is a fantastic idea . That being said , DO NOT BUY IF YOU RUN WIRELESS DEVICES IN YOUR HOME ! We have both wireless internet and a cordless phone . Both the router and the phone work on 2.4 GHz , but they do not interfere with each other . All three channels on this monitor , however , caused major interference with all of our wireless devices . I called the company to see if there was anything we could do . The representative said that we would need to buy a new cordless phone and router that operate at a different band . She even cautioned me that many households with satellite TV experience interference . My research discovered that the majority of wireless devices currently operate on the 2.4 GHz frequency . I do n't understand why Safety 1st did n't put this otherwise fabulous monitor on the 900 MHz band , like all of their other video monitors . The bottom line ... DO N'T BUY THIS MONITOR IF YOU HAVE WIRELESS DEVICES OR SATELLITE TV IN YOUR HOME . It hurt me to take it back , but this monitor just is n't compatible with today 's wireless home.One other complaint I have with the monitor , is that you can only view it straight on . You loose the picture at ANY other angle . High price for a cheap LCD and limited frequency modulation .
 OK ... perhaps I 'm being to hard on this unit ... BUT ... I do n't think so ... it 's actually worse than the Safety 1st Sight and Sound 900mHz model . The Safety 1st Color View Video Monitor is just about on par with stringing 2 cups together with string and giving it a shot to see if you can see or hear anything . What is seemingly a wonderful concept just does NOT come together here with this model . Absolutely horribly reception ... I even turned OFF my wireless network and unplugged all of my 2.4 gHz telephones ... and yes , the same crappy performance . In fact , I 've found that most of Safety 1st 's products are extremely overpriced and even moreso over rated ... even though they get sooooo many bad ratings here . We are steering clear of them from now on . The screen takes a long time to warm up a display true color ... the flickering is just not tolerable ... I can understand a little but it 's non stop . The sound is masked by the constant background noise of static ... YES , I 've tried to change channels ... it goes from bad to worse . This unit costs $ 200 ... you can go to Best Buy or some other store and purchase a high quality surveillance camera for this amount and get musch better results ... Actually , that is what we are doing . Just because it does n't say baby on it ... does n't mean you cant use it you know . . ;-RRB- ... this is going back to the store TODAY ... just as the last Safety 1st monitor I tried did a few weeks ago ... overpriced ... poor performing product . Do n't say I did n't warn ya ;-RRB- : -RRB-
 This monitor is very bad . It picks up interference from anything . It is noisy even at night when all electronics are off.I am returning mine today . I wish I had read the reviews prior to buying this , but it looked nice . For the price I would expected it to perform , but it is junk.Don ' t waste you money .
 Despite all the bad reviews , I still registered for and received this monitor as a shower gift wanting to see for myself . I completely agree with the other comments that this is a horrible monitor . It 's very noisey due to all the static it produces . Definitely not something you could use at night while sleeping and forget about using any other electronics while it 's on , especially the cordless phone.We were able to exchange this monitor for the Summers Infant video monitor . This one is much better and about $ 30 cheaper . I should have listened to the other reviews in the first place .
 I received this monitor on a Monday and I returned it on Wednesday . I was excited about getting what I thought was a better monitor for my son . It turns out that the thing gave me static the whole time it was on . The continuous clicking made me have to turn the volume down which then defeated the purpose since I would not be able to hear my son either.Don ' t waste your money on this monitor , it looks great but it is terrible . After returning this monitor I purchased the Summer Infant Products Handheld Color Video Monitor W/Night Vision and that one works like a charm , no static and it 's even $ 30 cheaper .
 Safety 1st has the absolute best customer service . However the reason I know this is because I had to return the color view video monitor twice . The interference was terrible because we have several other 2.4 GH electronics . The sound had to be turned down because it continually made snapping and popping sounds . The video itself was not great , but you could see . I also have the safety 1st audio monitor that works well , but the frequency is different . After trying the video monitor twice I called safety 1st again and they refunded the entire purchase price . Again ... there customer service is excellent .
 This monitor has horrible reception . With my first child I bought the Sight and Sound Assurance Video Monitor . We love it . It gets awesome reception and I like the additional cordless sound monitor . Our only complaint was that the video monitor is a bit bulky . When we were expecting our second child we decided to buy this color view monitor . We liked the fact that the video monitor was compact . We tried it out and the reception is fine as long as we are no more than 10 ft away . The sound is horrible as well . It 's very `` crackly '' . I called the company and they stated there was nothing they could do . We unplugged our cordless phones to see what the difference would be ... there wa n't any difference . Not a great buy .
 We purchased the most expensive video monitor thinking that we would `` get what we paid for . '' I certainly hope there are better ones on the market . The sound on this monitor is not clear , there is a constant electronic-type hum . Pretty annoying when you 're trying to catch some much-needed sleep ! Also , while advertised as a color monitor , beware that the color is very `` washed out '' -LRB- reds look pale pink -RRB- and not significantly different from a black & white video monitor , even after adjusting the brightness . Additionally , the rechargeable batteries run down rather quickly -LRB- 3-3 .5 hours -RRB- . Having said that , it IS wonderful to be able to `` peek '' at the baby without waking him/her . A video monitor is the way to go , but perhaps there is a better one out there .
 I returned this monitor after testing it for a few days ... and the only reason I had it THAT long was because I was testing it in every room of the house and at different times of day . The picture was terrible , and with all of the static , the audio part was worthless . It did n't matter what room it was in , the range level , time of day , whether the other household electronics were on or off -LRB- although I must say any monitor that requires you to unplug your telephone is worthless -RRB- . Do n't waste your money .
 Does not work . So much static and picture quality is bad . Waste of money for soemething so overpriced not to work . Very displeased with this product .
 This baby monitor I bought a year ago and has never worked right since day one . I bought it before my daughter was born so by the time we used it and found out how horrible it is as a product , it was too late to return it . The sound never worked . I hate it . I bought it for $ 250 , what a waste of money .
 I would like this item more if I did n't live in an apartment building . I have to turn off the sound because it is all static the picture is ok but has static on it too . I can not find a monitor that is good for apartments . I hope to not live in one forever and it still helps me out a little to see the baby . In the end I am keeping the monitor but it needs some inprovements .
 I have to agree with everyone else ... do n't buy this product ! The static is horrible !! Not anywhere close to worth $ 200 !!! Do n't waste your time and money !!!
 My review is ditto those below it , but it is worse ! My monitor also will not run with my wireless devices in the home , yet unlike all other unhappy customers before me , BABYAGE REFUSES to take it back , wo n't even give me a refund , all with much attitude on the phone ! I called Safety first and Amazon and all can do nothing apparently , but now I am out the money and stuck with a monitor that to me is useless . This babyage site is UNBELIEVABLE ... DO N'T BUY FROM THEM WHATEVER YOU DO !! BUYER BEWARE !
 This monitor did not work for us at all . I could hardlry sleep through the crackling & static . The picture had lines running through it . I returned it !
 The first one I purchased only displayed in black and white . I returned it and the next one was hardly better . Very misleading for a color monitor and I agree with everyone else the reception is horrible . You have to move it around to get a clear picture and to keep from hearing the clicking noise . Do not buy this product !
 we tried this monitor twice . the first time the sound did n't work , and i had to ship it back to the company . amazon shipped a new one and it worked for a week and then the video portion went out . while it worked it was great , but not reliable at all .
 Good brand name , nice look to it , but to be quite honest it is a piece of crap . Poor picture quality and make a popping noise that wo n't stop . I would n't recommend anyone buy this , unless you have $ 200 to blow .
 This monitor has terrible reception . You ca n't see the picture clearly unless you look directly at it . It is far from clear or color . Do not buy this monitor !! Plus once you mount the camera onto the crib you ca n't really use it for anything else except when your baby is in the crib . Great idea , just the technology is far from being where it should for the price !!!!!!!
 I wish I would have read these reviews before I bought this product . The static and interference with this product was not acceptable . I called the number listed to `` trouble shoot '' and they wanted me to turn off everything wireless to try to solve the problem . I did that on two separate occassions and it still did n't work . Plus , if it would have worked I would n't want to turn off my computer , other monitor and cordless phone everytime my baby is sleeping . I have now purchased the Summers video monitor and it works great . Its cheaper and so much better .
 I bought this monitor at the babiesrus store based on a reccomendation from one of the employees . She said a lot of people bought this item and she never got any complaints or returns . Well I took the monitor home and sset it up and it worked wonderfully from the next room . Well that night I took the monitor in the bedroom -LRB- about 30 feet from her room -RRB- and the reception went horrible . It got a lot of static and became very annoying . I tried putting it on different channels and finally decided that channel 3 was tolerable -LRB- although it still got a bit of static -RRB- . The next day my laptop went haywire . I could n't get my wireless card to see the router and after hours of frustration figured out that it was the monitor interfering . Do not buy this product if you have a wireless network in your home . It 's a complete waste of money .
 I ordered this after it was recommended by fellow Mom 's of Mulitples . My girls kept spitting out their pacifier and then crying . Friends said that this could be laid next them and it would stay in their mouth . The Wabbanub hardly has any weight to it at all and is about 1/3 the size of a `` beanie baby . '' Basically it was useless . I did n't return it , because it is n't any worse than their normal soothies , and they do look cute when they are hugging it .
 I understand the idea behind this but think there are better products out there . Maybe you will feel differently . I dont recommend .
 The Pink Horse Wubbanub is really cute and well made . Those are the only positives I can give . When I opened the package , there was a very distinct `` petroleum '' smell to the Wubbanub . I 'm assuming this came from the glue that holds the pacifier in the stuffed animal . I boiled the pacifier three times -LRB- which is difficult -RRB- and washed it several times before the smell went away . My daughter does not like the pacifier at all . She repeatedly spits it out . As one of the previous reviewers stated , the Pink Horse is not very big at all , and is of no assistance in keeping the pacifier in my daughter 's mouth . I do not recommend this product .
 This is not worth your money . It was so small and cheap it was funny . It was so small and light it did n't work . Do n't waste your money on this !
 Cute concept but the binkie does n't come off so there is no way to wash it or change it out . It looks cute so I gave it 2 stars but I would save yourself the money and find something else .
 i bought this diaper pail when my daughter was born and i 've had nothing but trouble . the lid fell apart and it leaves a -LRB- poop -RRB- odor into the baby 's room . the odor neutralizers do n't work and i bought new one 's and they do n't work i 've tried lysol , baking soda and other odor neutralizers in and around the diaper pail with no end to the horendous odor in sight .
 I do n't know how this product claims to be odor free . There is no way that its design could hold in odor . The lid has 2 openings , one for bag changing , and a small blue one for inserting diapers . There is a blue hinged ` gate ' inside that you have to push the diapers and wipes through . which can be messy if the diaper is n't neatly rolled . I also hate that it snaps on my fingers as I push the diaper through . I tried letting the lid push the diaper through and that sometimes works , but it never works for wipes and again , it is messy if the diaper is messy . I ended up taking the blue piece out , which is much better.I do n't understand how the lid is supposed to be child resistant . It opens easily by pushing the small blue button . How is that supposed to be difficult for a child?When you push the button to open the lid , it makes a loud rattle noise , which is the deodorizer chip clattering around . This is annoying at any time but is especially irksome when I 'm trying to chage my baby in the middle of the night with a minimum of noise . I use my hand to slow the speed of the lid opening so that it does n't clatter so much , but really , should this be necessary?Right now my baby still has n't started solid food , so odor is n't too big of a problem yet , but I will definately have to change pails before then . I received this one as a hand-me-down and although the mother who gave it to me is a fastidiously clean person , the plastic that this pail is made of absorbs odors and is permanantly stinky on the inside . Bleach has n't helped . I read a reveiw that suggested this pail could be used as regular trash can after diapering , but I ca n't imagine this since it retains the diaper odor .
 The advantage I thought with this was that it did not require any special bags . While this is true , and it is an advantage , you still have to change out the bag daily , because it does n't do the job of keeping odors at bay . You wo n't save a lot of money
 I purchased this when our 6 year old diaper genie broke and I did n't think we needed to invest in a new DG since my son is potty training . Diaper genie does a much better job of containing the odor . Yes , you do n't need to buy the refills but you have to remove the bag for each poopy diaper and put in a fresh bag and spray lysol and oust and that can get expensive . If I do n't then the whole house smells -LRB- I have a big house ! -RRB- and then I have to burn scented candles ! So it 's not really a money saver in my opinion . I also do n't think it would be practical for a newborn because a new mom ca n't run up and down stairs each time the baby poops.If sonny does n't potty train soon I might get something else and this diaper pail might end up in the garage to contain the doggy scoop !
 I am a grandmother who babysits daily for 2 infants . I would recommend this diaper pail over any others ! I find it convenient and inexpensive to use . Because I only have these babies during the day , I only empty it about once a week . When I do , I spray with a disinfectant deodorizer and let that dry . Then I insert a new bag and it 's ready for a new week . My daughter has thrown away her diaper champ after only using it for 7 months because the odors were so bad . The Genie is costly for supplies . I am thrilled with this product and it 's inexpensive enough to replace if the hinge does break after many months of use . My lid does stay up on it 's own .
 This product arrived with a part missing . There is supposed to be an inner liner , which holds the liner in place . I had this same problem when buyng this product from Wal-Mart . I bought one on line since then , and was perfectly happy with it . I did not try to return it , as I could ' t wait that long , and I was lucky enough to have the inner liner from the old one , which could no longer be used , because the spring inside broke after long usage .
 Until yesterday I would have given this product 5 stars . We 've used it for 2 3/4 years without issue . Then yesterday I found all but 7 of my diapers and 3/4 of my cloth wipes shredded to bits in our washing machine . Turns out this pail has 2 small metal pin that are used to keep the lid on . One pin must have fallen out and into the diaper pail liner -LRB- a very durable thirsies brand which was also destroyed -RRB- . So after running the wash cycle -LRB- we have a front loading machine with a high spin setting -RRB- we found our diapers completely shredded . In addition to the mess it made -LRB- took my husband hours to clean it all out of the various parts of the washer -RRB- we were left with 7 of 24 diapers . Very disappointing.If you do get this product , you may want to tape over the pins just to be safe . In all other respects it delivered what is said it would do . But I never expected it to destroy our diapers . That outweighs all the good IMO .
 I have three major problems with this product .1 -RRB- The bags are hard to change because the lid does n't stay open while you are trying to change them .2 -RRB- The small lid where you are supposed to put the diapers in does not open anymore because the springs broke .3 -RRB- The pail does not reduce any of the odors from the diapers .
 We received this as a gift , and threw it away after two weeks with our newborn . It did not keep any of the smell in , and the clamping mechanism on the inside that is supposed to help contain the stench would not stay closed at all around the bag . We are much happier with our Diaper Champ !
 This item is inexpensive and I thought it would be a good buy since you did n't need to buy extra bags and could just use the same bags for both this and your garbage . . but I was wrong this diaper pail lets all the smell out ! My son 's whole room smells like Pee and Poo as soon as you place more than one diaper in there . You end up buy twice as many garbage bags just so you can quickly replace the one filled with only a few diapers . Totally a waste of money since I am now on the hunt for a better smell resistant diaper pail . Do n't learn the hard way as I did just buy a good one the first time around . . hope this helps all you mothers and fathers out there : - -RRB-
 I got this pale b/c it was cheap . Yes you can use any bag for it but it does n't hide the smell and the lid slams down on its own almost catching my fingers while I 'm changing the bag . So unless you like a smelly house and have 3 arms to change a bag dont buy !!
 I can not keep this in my room with spoiled diapers in it because it stinks . This product is completely a waste and I do n't know how they designed it . The use of a diaper pail is that it should control the smell of spoiled diapers .
 I have used this diaper pail for fifteen months now , about half of the time without the use of the inner plastic flaps that the diapers go through since two of the springs broke . I like that it uses regular trash bags and it does an OK job of containing odors -LRB- I have yet to hear of one that really contains it all . -RRB- But my complaint is that the thing absorbs and stores odors ! It smells worse than any diaper ever did ! I have tried bleaching it out , adding deodorizors to the little compartment in the lid , lysol wipes , air freshener spray , everything I can think of and the thing absolutely reaks ! I think my son 's diaper stinks , but then I open the diaper pail ... even freshly cleaned and emptied with a brand new bag !
 From the beginning the lid would not stay closed . I have to keep a wipes container on top to keep it from popping open . This was OK for a while , but now I have a toddler who thinks pushing the lid down and having it pop back up is very amusing!I like that it takes regular bags but it is rather stinky . The lid and the odor is enough to give it a negative review . I am due with # 2 and will be buying a different diaper pail this time around .
 In the past , I rated a diaper pail that required expensive refills . In the review I stated to go for a pail where you can use your own bags ... that 's what had done . All was well for a couple of months . Our diaper changing area was on the first floor in the laundry room . We put a changing pad on top of the dryer so we would n't have to run upstairs all the time to change diapers -LRB- we had 2 children in diapers at the same time -RRB- ... well soon we started to notice an odor and it did n't go away . We came to realize that the pail itself was absorbing the odors and we could not get rid of the stench no matter how much we washed it . Now we just use an ittby bitty garbage can that holds about 5 diapers and we empty it out every day ... that 's the only way to keep the diaper smell out of the house .
 My husband and I bought this pail because it was less expensive than the popular Diaper Genie . My son is now 17 months and we recently had to throw the pail away and are looking for a better one . We got this pail when our son was about 6 months old , so we have only had it for 11 months , but it has only been used for about 8 months , due to a recent move , so I dont think we wore it out yet ! ! This pail has given us odor problems for the longest time now . I have soaked it in the tub and washed it completely ... I mean I scrubbed it completely with tons of soap and water and i let it soak in the tub overnight and I have tried Lysol deoderizors , different air-fresheners , everything to try and keep it smelling some what fresh ! I have replaced the fresheners it comes with , I air out the babys room every couple of days and we change the bag at least 2-3 times and week ... but regaurdless of what I have done , the room smells like soiled diapers . We finally trashed it and are now throwing the diapers in the trash outside , the room smells fresh again , but now we are on the hunt for a better pail ... Even if it cost more ! I am really dissappointed with this pail ! I hope you have better luck !
 We bought this diaper pail because of price and I did not want one with inserts , had the genie and hated it , had to push diapers down and most the time they did n't fit anyway . This diaper pail broke the first month . The dome that the deoderizer fits in broke and then the lid stopped staying closed . We had to put a toy on top of the pail to keep the lid down . The pail does not keep the smell in , so I bought seperate small bags to wrap each diaper in before we put it in the pail and the pail still smelled . Tried bleaching the pail and that worked for a day or two but then the it smelled even after just two days of diapers . Good luck finding the perfect diaper pail .
 We bought these diaper pails because they use regular garbage bag and are fairly inexpensive . We have 1 year old twins , so we go through A LOT of diapers and controlling the stink is important . This trash can did a lot better than the regular kitchen step can -LRB- that we purchased to replaced it -RRB- at controlling the stink . The step can did fine when the lid was closed , but every time it was opened , WHEW it was gross . That was not the case with these can . The problem with these cans is that with regular wear and tear , the spring on the lid snapped . Twice . Rendering it unusable -LRB- unless you want to open the whole can each time which defeats the purpose -RRB- . The first time it happened the twins were six months old . We thought maybe it was a fluke . The second time it happened was a few weeks before their first birthday . Same exact problem
 I thought this diaper pail was a great idea . It ended up being more of a headache than it was worth.You can use your own air freshening items in addition to the ones specifically for this item , but it did n't seem to matter what I used , it still would stink ! After a few months of using this pail , it did n't matter how often I emptied the diapers , it would still stink . I took the pail outside to `` air out '' for a few days , and even empty and having been cleaned it still smells like dirty diapers , so it must absorb the odors -LRB- I always used a bag , too ! -RRB- Sometimes the diapers would stink so bad I could smell them before I even entered my child 's room . Since not using this can , I have n't noticed hardly any smells , even though I am now placing the diapers in an open can . I just empty it every day or every other day and we have n't had any problems with smell.Pros : - You can use regular trash bags-You can use your own air freshening productsCons : - Air freshener holder tends to fall out and you have to fish it out of the dirty diapers ... eww ! - Pail seems to absorb odors-Hold a LOT of diapers , so you either change it often and waste bags , or change it when it 's full , by which time the diapers have been sitting for nearly a week and are super-stinky
 We had the same pail with our first kid . It sustained for 1.5 years and then despite changing the odor remover , it was not very effective . However , we thought it performed quite well for a cheap pail . However , when we bought our second pail , we were not too happy . It doesnt close properly and keeps opening with a loud noise at times -LRB- some times an hour after closing -RRB- .
 I have been using this diaper pail for a year now and it is simply worthless ... you might as well buy a normal trashcan to dispose of diapers . This pail does NOT contain odors ! As my little guy has moved from breastmilk to solids ... his diapers have become more and more smelly and this `` diaper pail '' has not served it 's purpose.PLEASE DO NOT SPEND THE MONEY TO BUY THIS ... you may as well buy a normal trashcan - it DOES NOT conceal the smell .
 Although the price is great , and you can use any bag you want , the lid does n't close tightly . Thus , the aroma from inside contents leak thru , resuilting in unpleasant odor . I had to return it the day after I bought it .
 The first few times I used this manual pump , it took over an hour to get less than an ounce , and that was only if I was able to literally squeeze the breast while I pumped . The most I was ever able to get was two ounces after almost three hours , and I know I was n't empty . Now , I get even less . The suction was never great to begin with , but something has happened so that there is next to no suction at all . I 've followed the instructions to the letter , so I 'm not sure what went wrong , but it 's not strong enough to even relieve engorgement at this point.Even when it was working a little bit , I could not keep it in one place . It moved all around on my breast no matter how tightly I held it or how still I tried to be . Just the act of pumping it moved the whole thing so that it could not keep a grip on the nipple for very long without losing suction . I also lost a lot of milk while using it , because it would back up and run right back out if the pump was tilted even a little bit.The pump came with two bottles and covers , and a nipple . The bottles are fine , they 're the same as the five ounce Soothie bottles . The nipple , however , is terrible . It came in two pieces , one that fit inside the other . The milk gets between the pieces and gets stuck where the baby is unable to suck it out . I managed to squeeze some of it back into the bottle , but it wasted a lot . The tip of the nipple is also very large and uncomfortable for my baby 's mouth.The Manufacturer 's Description said it came with a foot pedal , which is the main reason I chose this pump over other manual pumps . There was no foot pedal . It also promised four bottles , and there were only two.I would not recommend this pump to anyone . Hand expressing is faster and easier .
 I should have just thrown my money away rather than purchase this product . After only one use , the handle broke . This is a very flimsy product , the suction is terrible , and the only way to get it fixed was to send it away , get it repaired , and send it back . Rather than waste any more time or money on it , I just tossed it and bought one from a different brand .
 I ordered this pump because I was having trouble breastfeeding . I was using it once or twice a day . It worked great for about a week then it broke . It completely lost suction and was completely useless . Due to the failure of this product I had to purchase another pump . Not only do I not recommend this product , I would skip manual pumps all together ! The electric pumps are far better and totally worth the money !
 I purchased two of these sets for my dual electric Medela Pump in Style . I am using this with our second child and am really not crazy about it . I pumped for a year for our first child and used regular Playtex liners or pumped into a regular bottle . I was very happy to see that Playtex had come up with a new system . Although the system works well , it is somewhat cumbersome . Some of the pieces look pretty similar so it is easy to mix up which ones are needed . It does not fit well in my Medela case.I called Playtex and was very surprised and displeased that additional liner rings , nipple rings , and sealing disks were not available separately . If someone wants to pump and freeze breastmilk on a regular basis , it would be costly since a only four bottles can be stored with a system which costs around $ 10.00 . I think it would be a nice system for someone just needing to have a couple of bottles available but not for a mom wanting to freeze long term or pumping several times per week .
 When I first started using this product I loved it ! It was so nice to be able to pump directly into the liner , rather than pump into a bag that then needs to be transferred to the liner -LRB- what a mess ! -RRB- . However , there were several cons to them :1 -RRB- the sealing disks start to leak after several uses2 -RRB- if you want to build up any sort of supply in the freezer , plan on spending a LOT of money because you can not just buy extra pieces - you must buy a whole new kit , and each kit only provides storage for 4 bottles ! 3 -RRB- if you have a double breast pump , you have to buy 2 kits in the first place cause it only has 1 pump adaptor!I like the playtex premium nurser , and wish the storage kit was more economical -LRB- and even if not economical , I 'd like it if they did n't leak -RRB- I recommend you save some money and buy the Gerber storage bottles , which come in a package of 4 and are very inexpensive . I have n't seen them online , but you can buy them in BRU . These are more expensive than buying the Medela or other brand storage bags - but those bags are such a pain IMO . The bottles are great because you can easily pour them into the liners .
 Just so you know , this product does not work with the hygeia pump . I know there are not many hygeia pumpers out there but just in case , save yourself the time and the money and do n't buy it as it does not convert for the hygeia threading . The packaging does not indicate that it will work , it does not list Hygeia at all .
 I bought this kit because I have been using an Avent pump and pouring the milk into the Playtex system -LRB- a pain which kind of defeats the purpose of having a pre-sterilized system , but the pump makes me happy and the Playtex nurser makes my baby happy -RRB- . I bought this kit excited that I could use the adapter and just pump straight into the Playtex drop-ins . However , it is only ever mentioned in small print on the box that the adapter does not work with Avent and First Years pumps . Since these are two popular brands , I wish they 'd note that on the Amazon site and more prominently on the box !
 I have decided to use the Playtex Nurser which has become a big investment for me since Playtex does not sell the sealing discs seperately . You need the sealing discs to store the milk in the freezer with the Playtex drop-in liners . The only way to purchase the sealing discs is to purchase the entire storage kit which costs $ 9.99 . Four sealing discs are included in the storage kit . This does n't make sense when Playtex sells all of the other parts of the storage kit seperately with the exception of the sealing discs .
 I struggled with one of the bottles for three days before giving up and going back to using an EvelFlo slow nipple with liners . At first my 3 week old son was highly frustrated not being able to get milk at a rate which he had gotten used to . After 4 feeding , he decided to slow down and play the bottle 's game , and this is when I was elated . But after a couple of feedings like that , he simply refused to spend nearly 5 times longer to feed than he was used to . By the time he sucked a couple of ounces , over 1/2 hour would pass . I tried making the nipples hole a little larger by making a tiny slice in the silicon , and this did improve things , but in the end , even the nipple 's shape was not to his liking . I got this because others had claimed that it would reduce colic and burping , but when the baby is completely frustrated and does not eat , colic is the last worry you have .
 I bought this bottle because it was recommended to me to help with my son 's gas issues after feeding . The first time we used it he threw up his entire feeding and the second time he had to burp every ounce or more . He had more gas than usual . We did not use it again . I am going to return these and I do not recommend them to anyone . He did much better with the Born Free bottles and those are also BPA free . These are not , and they do not even say on the bottle what type of plastic -LRB- number -RRB- they are , and they are also made in China .
 I bought this seat as a second potty seat for the kids bathroom upstairs . My son really liked the frog on it since he knows it 's the same frog on his wipes as well . The box comes with the potty seat , a wipes holder that attaches to your toilet paper holder , a frog handle -LRB- kind of useless -RRB- , some temporary tattoos and a guide for potty training -LRB- totally useless , you are better off getting advice or a book on it elsewhere -RRB- . I put the potty seat on the toilet and it does what it is supposed to do and my son would sit and pee on it . The guard or lip on it is not very high so for boys it 's not really a great choice but for a girl it 's fine . Now here 's where the smelly -LRB- as well as gross -RRB- part comes in . My son who is potty training is chugging along in his potty training . He 's still getting the hang of have to hold his `` pee pee '' down when he pees , well of course it does n't always happen just yet and he may pee diagonally rather than downward . Well after a couple days with this seat I noticed a smell in the bathroom . I was n't sure what it was but it was not the garbage or any missed potty attempts by my son , it turns out since my son sometimes pees diagonally , pee gets in between the purple and green parts of the toilet seat reducer ... thus festering and SMELLING !! I only realized this while trying to figured out where the smell what coming from and I lift the seat up only to have old nasty pee spill out the side crevices of the seat . YUCKY !! I 've had to take the seat apart and clean the whole seat every time he does not pee downward so I may have to just throw this piece of plastic out.I 'd stay away from this seat ... get a different one . I like my Primo Ducky toilet seat reducer so much better ... one piece of plastic and works well for boys and girls ... easy to clean as well .
 After receiving this product , I washed the sheets according to the care instructions on the label . The result was that the sheets are now unusable , because they do not fit the mattress . If I force them to fit onto the mattress , the mattress becomes warped , and too small for the cradle . A gap of 3 inches is formed between the mattress and edges of the cradle . In short , using this product would not only be inconvenient but unsafe for my baby . Avoid buying this product !
 The product took almost a month to arrive . It was suppose to be a gift but took too long to arrive so I had to get another gift . It also was nothing like it was described . Extremely disappointed .
 $ 100 PLUS $ 25 s & h ?!!? Are you kidding ?? These people are out of their mind and trying to take advantage . Awful !!
 Be careful ! These dotted bongo bags are not what you think they are ! They are shiny , see-through plastic that have a cheap chemical smell . I thought these were nylon , just like the solid-colored ones . But they are vinyl . Returning them immediately !
 I bought this thermometer for my baby but never had a chance to try - it never turned on when unpacked . I didnt bother replacing because not worth the effort ... Just bought other brand
 Purchased this item for a grandchild . Already had the pink one for his sister that worked perfect . This one played music the first few times , then quit . Tried to contact manufacturer but with no results . Would not purchase another one of these from Amazon .
 I had purchased this sterilizer based on a recommendation from a friend . After just a few uses , the steamer stopped working . When the lever to turn the steamer on was pushed , it just would n't turn on any more . I contacted the First Years manufacturer , and to say the least , they did have excellent customer service . They had no problem replacing the unit . Upon receiving the second unit , I used the steamer once . And because the steamer could n't hold every thing on the first run I had to run it twice in a row . To my disappointment , I pressed the lever and again it did not work . Frustratingly , I pushed the lever several times and then the light finally came on . Unless you cool it for about a half hour or more , this is how my unit operated . I 'm sure that not every one 's experience is the same but this was how mine was . I definitely would caution buyers on the product - only because this problem occured twice with the units that I have used .
 We too had problems with turning the sterilizer on . The unit would not turn on when the lever was pressed , but several presses got it to work a couple of times . After about 6 uses it died completely . Not sure what the hard part about making a hotplate that is switched on by depressing a lever -LRB- like an electric kettle -RRB- is exactly , but these guys found it.This unit also left a LOT of condensation in the stuff we sterilized .
 I bought this right before my daughter was born and have used it every day since she was born 4 months ago . A week ago it just stopped working . I really liked this steamer and it had served me well but now was just not turning on anymore . So I went out and bought the exact same steamer . I used it for 2 days and then on the third day , yesterday , it would n't turn on anymore . I 'm taking it back today and getting something else .
 We received this product off of our baby registry a couple of months before our due date and never used it until a week before the delivery . It worked the first time , but never again ! I repeat we used it one time and then it stopped working , it just would not turn on !!!!! I asked the retailer for store credit but it was after their return period . I then sent a email to The First Years explaining the situation and never received a reply . Lousy product !
 I have this and have used it for about 5 months . I have never had problems with it starting , but it drives me crazy with the dripping all over the counter and the amount of condensation . I am looking for a new sterilizer because of this . I do not recommend .
 I think possibly the Worst product ever made . I registered for Avent , but my sister was cheap and got me this p.o.s. , broke down in two weeks ! -LRB- the on button would n't stay on . . -RRB- Yes , I read the directions , called customer care , went online , etc etc -RRB- The Avent sterilizer works out to be only a bit more and is such a superior product to this -LRB- and you get two free bottles !! -RRB- With a newborn , it was such an inconvenience to deal with poor workmanship . I 'm just hoping to spare some of you out there some aggravation - thank god for review sections : -RRB-
 I purchased this product and loved it at first , however after a few months of use it stopped working . When you push down the button nothing happens . I did contact customer service and the girl said `` sorry , you are past the 90 days so you will need to buy a new one ... . Why would I pay more money for a product that just stopped working after a few months ... . Are they crazy ...
 Pretty cheap product . I used it a few times then the base started rusting . I tried scrubbing and everything . I can not use it now as it is unsafe for the baby to use bottles steamed in rust water ! I should have read the reviews , bad product . Save your money - you 'll need it for something else !!
 I should have read the reviews . I purchased this item , and it quit working after a week of normal use .
 I have used this steamer daily for 5 months now . It leaks water all over the counter every time I use it . It does hold a good amount at once , although you have to wait for it to cool to run it twice in a row . The metal plate has become discolored . I wish I had done more research before I bought it - now I will probably have to replace it - it just makes too much of a mess .
 The item is very attractive BUT within two of use , the metal base started to rust . I called the company and they were trying to pass it off repeatedly as ` mineral deposits ' as if I do n't know rust . Anyway I am the point where after minutes of trying to convince them , they agreed for me to return it so we will see . I find this sort of customer service ridiculous !!!
 We purchased the Alpha Omega Elite for our 8 month old a few weeks ago . We liked the idea that it could convert to a booster seat , and carry him to 100 pounds . First of all I would not recommend this car seat for a mid-size or smaller car . We have a Nissan Maxima and my husband who is 6 ' 2 '' could not fit in the driver side seat due to the huge size of the car seat when in the rear facing position . It has to be fully reclined when rear facing and is huge ! Secondly , the crotch buckle is very difficult to use . It has to be joined in an overlapping manor before it is pressed into the latch , and let me tell you that it is very difficult to do with a squirming baby ! It seemed like you had to apply an unusual amount of pressure to the contraption to get it to lock . Thirdly , the chest latch does not stay in place at the level of the baby 's armpits , it slides down to the buckle . This car seat was very difficult to install , the seatbelt -LRB- if you do n't have LATCH -RRB- has to go behind the buckle latch under the padding , I had to remove the padding to see what in the world was going on . On a positive note , once it is installed it seemed very sturdy . Watch out though for the buckles , they can get hot ! In fact there is a warning on burns in the instruction manual . We are purchasing a Roundabout Convertible by Britax . Shop around though , you may get a better price than Babies R Us if you go to babycatalog.com .
 Not a bad seat , but we are going to return it because in the rear facing installation it will not secure safely with the latches in our 2005 Toyota Sequoia . The geometry of the latch hook location , the seat surface , and the belt path on the car seat combine to make a situation where the car seat is barely restrained from pivoting in a vertical direction . Side-side the car seat can be pretty secure , but the whole seat can pivot upward quite easily , and we do not want to risk harm to our little one .
 I actually bought 2 of these carseats , one for our car and one for my son 's Grandparents car . Big mistake!Don ' t buy this brand . It is IMPOSSIBLE to get into the car rear facing ! We tried for hours a million different ways and it would not ever get tight enough to be safe . We attached it with the LATCH system and with a seatbelt and it absolutely would not tighten up enough that it would slide from side to side a lot -LRB- they are n't supposed to slide more than an inch -RRB- . It also slides up and down meaning it tips forward ! I even took it to the Honda dealer and they could n't get it in . It also does n't recline which they are supposed too while they are rear facing . It has a recline feature and a diagram that shows when it is level to the ground and no matter what you ca n't recline it enough . In WA we were shoving rolled up towels and stuff under it to try and get it in the right position and never could . So I took it back . Luckily they let me exchange it even though I did n't have the receipt of the box -LRB- stupid me - threw both away -RRB- . I got a Britex instead which is super easy to install and the safest on the market . It costs more but is so worth it . It is in there so tight ! One sales guy was trying to sell an Eddie Bauer to a couple that was in there and I interupted and told them not to buy it ! The sales men was a little annoyed , but he 'll get over it . The other sales guy said that a lot of people return it for the same reason . Now I understand why they say that 90 % of all car seats are installed wrong - it 's because you ca n't install them right!Moral of the story , spend more and buy the Britex it is definatly worth it . It also has been tested more thoroughly then other brands since it is made in Europe -LRB- there testing is more in depth -RRB- and you can keep babies rear facing in it up to 33lbs rather than 20 like others . I guess rear facing is the safest position for them . It also has way more padding so it feels much more comfortable -LRB- to me anyway -RRB- ! Save your friends some headaches and let them know too !
 Purchased this car seat at Costco $ 120.00 -LRB- best price I found -RRB- . Thought it sounded great based off the reviews I read in this forum . Turns out this seat is mediocre to sat the least.Has some nice features but safety & comfort is much more important than style . I had a difficult time with two things.First the recline position . What recline position ? My son of 8 mo would hunch over when asleep and his neck was like a wet noodle because he was to straight up . The most reclined position the seat has is a little better than vertical ! I consider myself to be mechanically inclined so I had done some `` tweaking '' to get the seat to recline . I Wrapped 3 towels around a pool noodle and placed them in the crease of the seat cushion . Next I removed the base to level it out.Second issue I had was the install , it took about an hour . I 'm a little nervous for the baby whos dad installed it in 5 minites in the parking lot . Not possible if your installing it correctly.I have a 02 Xterra so I was able to use the Latch belt but when I would synch the belt tight it would keep twisting and not allowing for a tighter fit . I had to constantly untwist the belt . Not untwisting the belt restricted me from getting the tightest fit of the seat . Finally I got into a rhythm and was able to figure it out . PULL REAL SLOW and make sure the latch on the end of the belt face down and pull the belt `` up '' through the space within the seat itself.I am using the seat as rear facing , like other reviewrs I have a feeling this seat works much better as a front facing . When Leo is old enough I 'll let you know.It 's almost seems as if Cosco tested the seat on one specific make and model of a vehicle .
 I received this carseat as a shower gift before I had my baby from someone who has the seat and does like it . I took the seat to the fire station to have them install it properly for me . They said that the seat would be !!! EXTREMELY UNSAFE !!! for a newborn infant because of the lack of padding and that it would n't cradle the baby well at all . On top of that , the seat would n't fit in the middle of the back seat of either my Toyota 4Runner or my Audi wagon -LRB- not small cars in my opinion -RRB- . If they were to put it on the passenger side of the back seat , absolutely no one would be able to ride in the front passenger seat because it had to be moved all the way forward . My son is now 8 mos and I have had to buy an infant seat and now an intermediate seat for him in the hopes that I can actually use the Alpha Omega one day when he is big enough to turn the seat around . So much for a convertable car seat that you are supposed to use from Day 1 ! It is still sitting in my garage as I am spending $ $ on other car seats . Although I am very grateful for the generous gift , I wish I would have gotten the Brittax or Triumph 5 which are much safer and would have fit my car . I have n't even used the seat yet so I 'm afraid of the twisting belts and other problems that others have had . Do n't buy this seat !
 It 's great in concept ... a seat that should take you through to 80 lbs ... but I ca n't stand using the seat . The reclining is non-existent , my eight-month-old ca n't sleep in it because he falls forward and gets `` jello neck '' . The biggest trouble
 PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS SEAT.ASK BABIES R US TO PULL IT FROM ITS INVENTORY . IT WAS THE ONLY CONVERTIBLE ARE SEAT TO FAIL CONSUMER REPORTS CAR SEAT TESTING . I QOUTE `` the Cosco Alpha Omega 22-150 convertible seat were structurally damaged in our crash tests '' . Go to Consumer Reports.Com and read the full report for yourselves . When I showed our product information to the Reno , NV Manager he was Shocked at the perfomance of this seat , as were we , as this was the seat we were going to buy as it came highly recommended . The Manager took our information after we purchased a highly Recommended BRITAZ WIZARD and said he would take the information to regional sales meetings . As Parents who are of one 8 month old whose dad is a fire fighter and mom is an EMT I have to say the BRITAX seat ROCK ... your car that is , when installed ... the seat itself , is rock solid and the safest thing out there . Though large and imposing , this actually fits BETTER into our VW Jetta in the REAR FACING position than any THREE of our previous Evenflo or costco seats . Latch installation is easier on this model than on any other model . It `` clicks '' to confirm it is in place AND is EASY to release for removal ... no blind fumbling . The grandparents have a new Toyata Sequioa and this seat fits like a glove in it . We were hesitant about using the tether in the rear facing position as it is an `` up and over '' techinque to attach to the anchor point in the Jetta and we thought it would hinder getting out child in and out , but the release/adjust tensioner in one touch so we simply loosen and then snug up the strap once baby is secure . Takes about 3 seconds . One note though on installation in older Ford Pickups -- the Seatbelt buckle can interfere with the the clip on the the seat that helps snug up the vehicles seat belt to the child seat ... something to look at if you have a mid 1990 Ford or possible Dodge Extra Cab vehicle and you are thinking of installing into the back cab . Speaking of baby . You set him/her in click the straps and there is one strap in the the middle that you pull and it cinches everything down . WOW ! For fine tuning you can use the `` knob '' on seat the raises and lowers the head rest . This is a REALLY nice feature in winter as you do n't have to take child out of coats , just give the knob a couple cranks and the whole seat is re-adjusted for bulky clothes . There are handy little velcro tabs on either side of the seat to hold seat belts out of way as you place child in seat . Very nice `` tummy pad '' . Rubber slides on the belts that cross the chest and little pads for shoulders . The seat it self is the ONLY SEAT THAT OFFERS ANY SORT OF SIDE IMPACT PROTECTION ON THE MARKET . The new standard coming out in the next 12-18 months for child seat manfs . Consumer Reports does not tell you this , but it is coming . This seat is reinforced with Metal bars and has Bicycle helmet foam lining the plastic molded seat for extra impact absorbtion . NO OTHER SEAT HAS THIS EITHER . -LRB- ONLY BRITAX SEATS -RRB- . We live 135 miles from a mall , trauma center , and her pediatrician . We both travel about 10,000 miles a month , and half of that is with her in tow . We have SO MANY NEAR MISSES it is not even funny . Why chance things with a piece of equipment like the alpha omega that ca n't even stand up to a 30mph crash test -LRB- which is like pitch it off the roof of your house -RRB- . That investment in your back seat is worth a lot more . The extra money we spent on this seat knowing how much time we spend on the road has been our best investment in keeping her safe . And the biggest selling feature for us came after our purchase on the the trip home from Reno . She actually SLEPT ALL THE WAY HOME . A Sign to us of her COMFORT LEVEL in this Seat . This the first time our daughter slept more than an hour in any car seat and our daughter is 8 months old . Thank you BRITAX ! YOU HIT THE MARK WITH DESIGN , ENGINEERING , SAFETY , PARENT FRIENDLY USE and CHILD COMFORT ! Again Please , PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS ALPHA OMEGA SEAT . ASK BABIES R US TO PULL IT FROM ITS INVENTORY . IT WAS THE ONLY CONVERTIBLE ARE SEAT TO FAIL CONSUMER REPORTS CAR SEAT TESTING . I QOUTE `` the Cosco Alpha Omega 22-150 convertible seat were structurally damaged in our crash tests '' . Go to Consumer Reports.Com and read the full report for yourselves .
 We bought this seat on the recommendation of a friend . We liked that it is rear-facing and converts to a booster , but we hate the car seat . Our daughter is still rear-facing and it is difficult to put her in , the straps are always twisted -LRB- a safety hazard -RRB- , and it is difficult to install and adjust . We are now looking at the Britax Marathon and the Evenflo Triumph .
 I am a new mother and of course I want nothing but the best for my son . The salesperson at Babies R US recommended this seat and said it was the top seller , plus it had a weight capacity of 100lbs . My son has out grown his infant seat , so one evening I tried to install the Cosco seat . It took me 30 min to get the infant head rest out , another 10 min to separate the seat from the base , and another 10 min to adjust the straps . Not to mention I could not even get the seat belt to secure properly in my Jeep liberty -LRB- the latch belt is too short -RRB- ! Needless to say it is going back to the store ! The car seat is very complicated and frustrating !
 This car seat does not fit in the rear facing position unless you own an SUV or minivan . My husband and I both tried to fit this seat in the rear facing position into several cars with no luck . The slope of the seat is so steep that it does not fit into a normal size car . We finally were able to fit this seat into one of our cars -LRB- after struggling with it and stuffing a towel underneath to make it sit level -RRB- when our baby was ready to be forward facing . After using it for a while , I found the straps constantly twist around making it difficult to tighten . Additionally , the design of the `` puzzle buckle '' does n't do much but make it difficult to strap a wiggling toddler into the seat.Another issue is the strap at the bottom used to tighten the straps at the top . Well it works , but only tightens on side and then you have to keep adjusting the straps up top until it tightens both sides . It 's really more of a hassle than anything . I do not recommend this car seat unless you have unlimited time and patience .
 I bought this seat when my 5 month old grew out of his infant carrier . I felt like I spent a lot of money on that and he barely used it , so I wanted to get something that could last a long time and was n't too expensive . It was pretty uncomfortable for my guy when he was little , -- he kinda flopped around -- but I thought he 'll grow into it . Fast forward -- Now my son is 21 months and I ca n't stand this seat ! The straps are constantly twisted and I do n't always have 5 minutes to unravel them . Plus the harness is soooo hard to get latched when you have a toddler who is throwing a fit -- which , unfortunately , happens from time to time . This week put me over the limit -- he was having a meltdown and arching his back and I just could n't get him latched in . When I finally got him secured , I started thinking how the straps were totally twisted and how dangerous it was . Soooo , I just purchased a Britax Husky after much research . I went to the store and had my kid sit in the Marathon , and realized the Husky would be a better fit . More expensive , yes -- but really what is important ? What I decided was my kid was worth the extra $ 50 + .
 We returned it for a Graco Ultra CarGo.The arm rests on Coscos are a joke . I guarantee they will break off with little effort .
 This car seat is really a pain . First of all the lower buckle is so difficult to attach when baby is wiggling and screaming !! Second , my straps keep twisting !! We chose this car seat based on looks and price ... but I would much rather pay more money for the Britax . We will be returning this carseat tomorrow !!!
 Not only was it a complete pain to install , the straps loosened up while I was driving and my 10 month old worked her way out of the shoulder harnesses . In addition , it is TOO DIFFICULT to get my daughter buckled up - it takes so long to get the complicated buckle to latch that the last time I used it -LRB- before I returned it -RRB- someone in the parking lot actually ended up helping me buckle it ! So it was n't just my imagination - even they said I should return it!DO NOT BUY THIS CARSEAT ! I did only so we would be saving money in the long run and it ended up wasting time and energy instead .
 The seat can not be reclined back far enough to use correctly when rear-facing even by the manufacturer 's standards . When in a fully reclined position sitting on level ground , it does not recline far enough according to the level guides on the seat . Almost all rear seats in cars cause it to lean forward even further . This causes the child to slump forward when sleeping . The only possible way to position the seat correctly is to prop items under the front of the seat . This seems very dangerous considering the props could fall out and the car seat would then be loose . Ours is going back tomorrow .
 I am the mother of three young boys -LRB- the oldest is 3 -RRB- and have 2 of the Alpha Omega carseats . The car seat is a nighmare , the straps twist and it is nearly impossible to get the children in tightly . I have to pull it apart at least once a month to untangle the straps . I have even tried ironing them but nothing works . I know at least 5 other moms with the same seat that have the exact problem . Save yourself headaches and buy another seat with thicker straps that do n't twist so much.I hate these seats so much I am actually buying new ones for my youngest two because I ca n't imagine dealing with this for 3 more years .
 I had this seat for 3 weeks and thought it looked so comfortable for my 9 month old . It was also nice looking . However , when my tiny 109 lb . 5 ' 3 '' mother -LRB- hardly capable of the brute strength it takes to break a sturdy part -RRB- , was putting my baby in her carseat , the plastic piece that the shoulder straps go through -LRB- across the chest -RRB- before buckling , just broke . It broke around the hole that the left strap threaded through . If it broke in my mother 's delicate hands , WHAT WOULD HAPPEN IF MY BABY HAD BEEN IN AN IMPACT IN THIS SEAT ?!!!!! When we called Cosco to try to get a refund , all they offered was a replacement piece . The cust . serv . lady said that the piece is n't really necessary . I ask , why is the piece on the carseat if it is not necessary ? After arguing with her , she finally admitted that this piece being broken does lessen the effectiveness of the carseat and increases my baby 's chances of injury . Cosco still would not offer to refund the money I paid -LRB- I have the original receipt -RRB- for the carseat and only offered to send the replacement part via 2 day mail . You 'd think they would atleast offer to overnight it , considering I explained to her that it is the only carseat I have and my baby has had to ride in it with this part broken . I will not be exchanging this seat for another Alpha Omega . If the part broke , a replacement part will be of the same poor quality and my baby 's life is worth ALOT more than that . BY THE WAY
 Parents , if your child is able to sit front facing , then this is the car seat for you , however ; if you have an infant that has to sit rear facing it is not the best buy . I read many reviews about this car seat and found very few negative . It 's a very appealing seat and looks well made ; except for one little thing , There needs to be an upward lip to catch the reclining bar in each of the grooves to prevent slipping.I took my seat to a state certified car seat installer . It is possible that I have a defective seat . But , when pressure was applied to the front of the seat , the reclining position would slip out of place . In a car accident , the force could push the baby down another 3 inches since this does not stay latched properly . It makes sense to me now when I read that many parents were unhappy with their infants sitting straight up . When properly reclined , it is good for a baby , but it does n't stay in the reclined groove . I am upset about this and have since returned the seat . The customer service at Cosco was wonderful and are sending a replacement , but I fear that it will perform the same . The same comments were made from my state inspector . The problem
 This seat takes up too much space . But the biggest drawback is that the seat cover does n't come out . So , if your child gets sick in the car , guess what ... . You get to give the car seat a sponge bath . We found this out the hard way . The smell is virtually impossible to get out . We are now looking for a new seat with a washable cover .
 Recently , I got into a car accident with my infant son while using this carseat . I do not recommend this at all for anyone . Not only was the carseat destroyed but it did not hold up in the accident . Later the fire department told me that the carseat did not pass highway standards for 2002 . That is enough information to avoid this carseat at all costs .
 I originally bought this car seat thinking it was a great price especially for a three in one seat and I just could n't see spending almost twice as much for a Britax . Well , I have had the seat a little over three months now , and the pull strap -LRB- which is almost impossible to pull hard enough to get the harness tightened appropriately so there is not too much slack -RRB- is now shredded and frayed almost half-way through . Every time I pull on the strap to try to get my son tighentened into the seat , it wo n't pull tight enough , so there is more than an inch of slack , which means if I am ever in a wreck , my son will probably get hurt because he is too loosely harnessed in , but whenever I do manage to pull -LRB- and pull and pull and pull ... -RRB- it tight enough , then the strap gets frayed a little more and a little more until eventually the strap is going to break . I finally said `` to heck with it ! '' and spent the extra money on a britax decathalon last night . I can already tell this one is going to be easier to use because I tried it out on the `` test car seat '' at babies r us , and my son seemed comfortable in it and also the push button and strap slot for pulling it tight is nice and smooth with no sharp metal edges on the button to catch the strap on and cut it every time I use it . I am extremely disappointed in this seat . It seemed like it would last a long time and be comfortable , but if I can not secure my child in it appropriately , without tearing it up , then what 's the point ??
 This seat sounded like it was just what I was looking for because it could accomodate my infant son through his toddler years and beyond . Once I brought it home though , I felt differently . It is IMPOSSIBLE to install this as a rear-facing restraint !!! The manufacturer wants you to thread the seatbelt under the padding of the seat itself which seems physically impossibe for most people to do -LRB- unless your hands are the size of a toddler 's and you do n't mind a little bleeding -RRB- . I 've read other reviews that said it just took a little patience to install this seat , but I realize it takes much more than that . This seat seems to be made for the forward-facing position and as a booster seat so if you 're interested in a rear-facing seat , pass on this one .
 Currently I have a Evenflo Triumph 5 which is great . This Alpha Omega was to be for a 2nd vehicle . The Cosco Alpha Omega elite is very difficult to install rear facing . Latch belt is restricted by a strap thats attached to the seat interally somehow . When the latch belt is hooked and tightened , that strap attaching it to the seat is pulled very tight causing it to lift an inch where the child sits so the child butt is lifted on one side by this strap . No logical way to detach this strap ; you 'd have to cut it off . Also for rear facing , the belt goes through holes in the seat that have sharp edges , leading me to believe over time the seat belt or latch belt could wear and fray -LRB- damage -RRB- the belt . Seat also will not recline as pictured in the manual . Lines that level it to the ground are inaccurately pictured . Seat will NOT recline that far making rear facing installation more upright than reclined even if fully reclined . Rear facing use also made difficult by the strap release method . Try getting your finger in there.Bottom Line
 I am a new mother of a 6 month old . I did exactly what every mother would do for the safety of their child and did my research . I found the reviews pretty good so I went ahead and purchased one . I have to say that everytime I put my son in there I get so frustrated !!! The `` puzzle '' buckle is not the problem , it 's pulling the strap that makes it secure . Also , my husband had such a problem installing it and he is a very handy man ! It would n't be tight enough or it would wiggle back and forth . Finally after about the 5th time and a few choice words , he finally got it secured . Well you know the cold weather we have been having ? Well let 's just say that everytime I put my son in there , I work up a sweat . Maybe it 's our bad luck , but I would look around before purchasing this seat .
 I purchesed this car seat about 2-3 months ago when I was at a Babies R'Us , and before my son was too big for his infant seat . I bought it solely on the recommendations I read here , and I thought it looked like a nice safe & lasting product . Well , my son is now 5 1/2 months old and is too big for the infant seat , so we switched the seats last week & I wish I had saved the box when I bought it because I would return it in a heartbeat if I could . We have Buick Century & they have very roomy back seats & this seat does n't really fit level with the ground like the manufacturer says it should , and the buckle is darn near impossible to snap together !! The two buckles having to fit together before it will snap in is a pain in the neck !!! I hate to see how I 'm going to snap this when he gets older & starts wriggling more . Finally , the buckle at the crotch which the pieces snap into is way too close to the seat & I ca n't get a grip on it to snap it all together . It spreads my sons ' legs so far apart that it ca n't be comfortable riding with that thing rubbing on his legs for the whole trip . I really wish I could return this seat to Babies R'Us . The durability of the seat appears to be very good and it is a huge bonus that it fits children up to 100 # , but they have quite a few things to correct in this seat .
 I was so excited when I bought this carseat . My 5 month old son had just outgrown his infant seat and this one came highly recommended to me . I tried putting my son in it in the store and he loved it . Unfortunately I had to return it . When I went to install it in our Subaru Forester it would n't fit in the rear facing position . In order for the `` level to the ground '' bars to be level to the ground the foot of the carseat had to be almost 1/2 way up the back of the seat of the car ! Not only that but the front seats would have to pulled up so far that were unusable . I think that it would fit well in the forward facing position in just about any vehicle , but if you plan to use it rear facing you need a vehicle with a LOT of room between the front and back seats -LRB- minivan , LARGE suv , etc. . . -RRB-
 I research EVERYTHING -LRB- if you are reading reviews you probably do as well -RRB- . From that stand point this seat looked great . We even put our 11 mo old in the seat in the store . The problem came when we actually installed it and went on a road trip . My son sleeps in the car alot . With this seat his head flopped forward , waking him quite a bit . My wife sat in the back with him and had to hold his head back for an hour ! It does not recline as deeply as we think it should and we made sure it was in it 's most reclined position -LRB- rear facing-has to be reclined anyway -RRB- . It concerns me that with smaller infants this could cause a problem . I 'm not car seat engineer but our first seat had a safety indicator on the side that made sure the seat was reclined at a safe angle for infants . This seat had no such indicator . Our first infant seat was reclined much more when it was in the safety zone than this seat . Again being no engineer , it is still difficult for me to believe that a seat that can fit a 5 pounder could also seat a 100 pounder . Also , there was alot of room around his hips and sides . Sure you can stuff blankets or what ever around his hips / body but this is made difficult by the way the straps come around his legs . I would not have wanted to pack him in like that as an newborn/infant . I just do n't think that this seat can pull it off comfortably for the baby and safely for Mom and Dad 's peace of mind . You can buy 2 or more seats for advancing stages of a child 's growth that actually fit him/her for the cost of this seat .
 We have used the Britax until trying this model and Britax is worth the $ . We bought this model b/c of Consumer Reports and regret it . It has been sitting in the garage for instances we need to transport a friend . If my daughter falls asleep in it - her head is instantly falling forward and WILL NOT stay even somewhat up . No thanks .
 I have a just-turned 2 year-old son who just outgrew this car seat , even though the manufacturer touts it as the `` only '' seat you 'll ever need . He is 31 lbs -LRB- well below the 40 lb limit -RRB- and 37 inches tall . He is now too tall for this seat as his shoulders are at least an inch above the top harness position . He is WAY too young to use it as a belt-positioning booster seat , so now we have to buy him a new harnessed seat to use until he is ready for a booster.Also , we were not crazy about this seat rear-facing either . My son used it when he outgrew his infant seat at 5 months , and was rear-facing until 15 months old . Even though it has a 3-position recline , it STILL does not recline enough to keep the infant 's head from flopping forward . Our other car seat did not have this problem , and as a result we have always used the other seat on long car rides.Overall though , the seat seems safe . It just did n't work for us with a tall-for-age child . If you have an average or shorter child , you will probably not have a problem outgrowing this seat -LRB- in height -RRB- .
 This car seat was too big to fit in my 4 door Honda Civic-which has a pretty big back seat -LRB- granted I did n't try moving the passenger seat forward , but I did n't want to crunch my husband . -RRB- We ended up keeping it because it did fit in my husbands car . It was also extremely difficult to install following the directions , we had to go to the store to figure it out . It will fit and work fine as a forward facing seat when my son turns 1 year . I ended up paying a little extra to get the Peg Perego Infant carrier/seat , but it was worth it , it installed in seconds and is so much easier to handle .
 Where do I begin ? First , do n't even think about using it rear-facing . There 's no room . And we have a Yukon XL . Second , it is impossible to install . Plus the directions are horrible . Third , I had to literally cut the infant head pad out of the seat with scissors . Fourth , the material gets really hot in the summer . Fifth , the belts for the latch system are really not long enough and it makes the whole seat uneven . Sixth , it does n't lean back enough . And finally , the buckle is REALLY difficult to snap ... especially when it is 90 degrees and your child is screaming.Save your money , do your research and do n't just buy the least ugly carseat at Babies R Us .
 We bought this car seat based not only on the reviews , but on the fact that it seats a child up to 100 lbs , was light weight , and looked good . We were told it was a new and improved model.The LATCH system on this seat does not work ! The straps do n't even go beyond the base of the car seat much less go down far enough to be attached to the car!We ended up using lap belts only to secure it , however are unhappy with how top heavy and loose it seems . We are having it checked over by the Highway Patrol -LRB- they will do this for free in many states -RRB- before we decide if it will keep it or not , however I see a return in my future . I should have stuck with the less expensive car seat I KNEW worked that goes up to 40 lbs .
 My parents got this car seat as a present before my son was born . He is now 16 months . My son gets car sick easily and we needed to clean the upholstery of this car seat . It was impossible ! You can not remove the covering without completely disassembling the seat . I had to remove the straps -LRB- which we constantly tangled anyway -RRB- , unscrew the seat belt guides on the side and I still could n't get the cover off to wash it . The seat has never been very user-friendly and my son 's head was always flopping forward when he was younger . I would not recommend this seat to anyone . My husband and I have the Evenflo Triumph in our own car and we LOVE it ! I would never buy the Omega Elite . I gave it one star because I believe that when it is installed that it is probably a safe seat .
 I picked this carseat based on all the reviews in magazines that I read . American Baby listed it as one of the best for children 5 lbs to 80 lbs . When I bought my newborn home from the hospital -LRB- weighing 6lbs -RRB- I found this carseat to be much too big . In addition , it was much too big for my SUV . The seat was too large to recline fully without pulling the front seat up as far as it could go , not to mention the 5 point harness is not the easiest to fasten .
 After trying for an hour to install this seat , I FINALLY got it in . Then , it was so big -LRB- I have a Jeep Liberty -RRB- that when installed rear-facing , I could n't see over it . I put my daughter in it twice , and each time she screamed . Needless to say , I returned it the next day .
 After much research and agonizing over every seat in the store , we bought the Cosco Alpha Omega Eilte - and returned it the next day . In theory , the affordable 3-in-1 seat that fits your child from newborn to 100 lbs . sounds good , but this seat is not the answer for several reasons
 I bought this for my six month old son , since he grew out of his infant seat . One of the main reasons that I bought it was because of the review I read where the man said it saved his daughters life . Maybe as a foward facing seat this might be a good car seat , but I have not had a very good experenice using it rear facing . When I first took it out of the box I noticed how bad the fabric smells . It smells like some sort of chemical . I understand that some new fabrics smell , so rather than return it I let it air out for a few days . It still smells but not as bad . I had the hardest time threading the latch hook through one side of the car seat to the other . They tell you to lift up the padding to do it . Sounds easy , but it is so hard to get the padding off . Once I finally got it through , it was even harder to install in the car . It is very big . The latch belt does n't tighten enough to where I feel it is safe . The harness buckles are very hard to put in and get out . It takes a million tries of pushing the red button as hard as I can to get the buckles to come undone . When my son is in the seat he kind of looks like he is just `` floating '' . If he falls asleep , -LRB- even with the seat all the way reclined -RRB- , his head ends up in his lap or on the side of the car seat . I rode in the back seat with him one day and it just does n't look safe to me . I am not happy with this seat . I bought the graco comfort sport for half the price and it has worked out much better .
 I am not very happy with this seat . I also did alot of research on car seats . I picked this seat for safety and price . Also , I made a huge mess in ToysRUs by pulling out about five different seats , readjusting the straps and fitting my son in each . I chose this one . But , when it came to actually using it , it disappointed . The seat was large for my 10.5 month old . Like another review said I had to `` pack '' him in like I would a package for the mail . With the activity level of this 10.5 month old , I had blankets strung all over the back , over his head , and him ending up diagonal in the seat . He thought it was fun though ... But seriously , I just ca n't see how this seat is more safe than another built specifically for a 20 to 40 pound child . How CAN something safely seat a 5 pounder and a 100 ? I absolutely would NEVER put an infant in this seat . Other folks seem to be happy about it but personally , I would n't . I purchased the Evenflo Triumph today and will write a review on it in the coming week if it works out.On a more somber note , my heart goes out to the gentleman -LRB- and his daughters -RRB- that lost his wife .
 My husband and I purchased this car seat for our 7 month old daughter thinking that even though it was a little expensive it would last her until 100 lbs . When we got home we turned the carseat over and saw the inscrption `` Do not use this child restraint after December 2009 '' , only 5 years from now ! I bought this seat thinking my daughter could use it until she not longer needed a booster , but she will only be 6 years old when the date comes and I wanted her in a booster seat until at least 80 lbs . My nephew is 9 yrs and 62 lbs and he is a normal sized kid ... am I missing something here ? I called the store where we purchased it and they said all car seats are dated by law -LRB- in our state , anyway -RRB- due to the plastic breaking down from temperature fluctuations , etc. and we could use it after the date but if it malfunctioned Cosco would not be liable . I am not very concerned with that , but more with if this product will actually be safe for the time frame I bought it for . We were told that this would be the `` last carseat you will ever have to buy '' but I do n't see how it could be because we want our daughter in a booster as long as possible and I do n't think she will be an 80 pound six-year-old ! Maybe I am confused , but I think we will return it and get at 20-40lbs . carseat and a booster separately so the dates are in range .
 My husband I and were debating over two similar carseats . -LRB- The other one was the Eddie Bauer 3-in-1 . -RRB- We were particularly interested in the reclining feature and the 3-in-1 options . In the end , he chose the this carseat because of its color . Not the best determining factor , but of course we believed them both to be safe carseats.I am a stubborn person , not to mention impatient at times , and I put together ALL of our baby products once I was on maternity leave . -LRB- I even put the crib together when I was 8 1/2 months . -RRB- So I knew that when I had been struggling with this thing for 30 minutes , something was wrong.After on the phone with a representative of DJG for an HOUR , we came to the conclusion that the LATCH belt was too short . Even when we took the base off ! This belt is so short that it does n't even reach the front of the car seat . DJG 's suggestion was to simply use the vehicle 's belt , which I refuse to do since it pulls the side of the seat up.They will be sending me a new LATCH belt and a supervisor will be calling me by tomorrow . I will be sure to tell them that they need to ensure all car seats come with the proper equipment and are ready to go !
 My biggest complaint about this carseat is how difficult it is to get all the pieces apart when it needs cleaning . My daughter throws up an average amount in the car , and taking this seat apart to clean it is a nightmare . Also , I agree with the other reviewers that I never felt like I was getting the straps tight enough , and they are constantly getting twisted . The `` puzzle-piece '' buckle is a pain , but I 've seen the same thing on lots of other carseats , so I thought it must be a standard or something . I would recommend going with 3 separate seats - infant seat , toddler seat , then booster seat . This one seems like a good deal , getting more in one package , but the stress is not worth it .
 I was extremely excited about this car seat and thrilled when my parents purchased it for us on the birth of our first child . When he started to our grow his infant seat from his travel system , I decided to break this car seat out for our second vehicle . My husband is deployed to Iraq so I had to install it myself , which is not a problem as I 'm pretty handy . Well , TWO days later , un-answered emails to the manufacturer -LRB- Dorel Juvenile Group , Inc. , http://www.djgusa.com/indexDJG.asp -RRB- , visits to www.nhtsa.dot.gov -LRB- National Highway Traffic Safety Administration -RRB- , www.seatcheck.org to find someone to HELP me with the installation , and 3 phone calls to the California Highway Patrol and Orange County Sheriffs Departments told me this was not worth the investment . On the last phone call to the Sheriffs department I was able to talk to an exceptional Deputy who told me that the manufacturer , surprise , had made the LATCH strap too short , thus answering the mystery as to why I could n't get one side to snap in . He indicated sometimes you could get an ADULT to sit in the seat and the weight would bring the seat down just enought to bring the strap close enough to the LATCH hook to snap on , but sometimes it 's simply too short and you must use a lap belt -LRB- thus defeating the LATCH system purpose . -RRB- I am thoroughly disappointed in this car seat ; besides the extremely difficult installation , and defective LATCH strap -LRB- manufactured too short -RRB- the instruction booklet included was so difficult to read I tried to figure it out visually WITHOUT the book.I would have spend more time talking to friends about their experiences and made a different purchase if I had to do it all over again . Buyer beware .
 After having bought the Cosco Aplpha Omega Elite we instaled into our car as soon as we got home and put our 6 month old in for the first time . The first thing I realized was the seat was a little big for our sedan , then after driving about 5 min down the road our son fell asleep , the seat does n't recline back much and his head fell foward chin to chest . I wound up riding in the back seat with him with my hand on his forehead holding his head up all the way back to the BRU we bought it from . We then exchanged it for the Evenflo Triumph 5 . It was the same thing all over again . We now have the Roundabout and 2 months later we still love it . Sooooo comfy I wish they made a car seat for me ! The restraints are very easy to use and there is a cushion under the buckle between his legs that keeps the belt from rubbing on his thighs .
 I did n't want to spend over $ 200 on a car seat so I purchased the Alpha Omega Elite , thinking it would be a good purchase . I could n't have been more disappointed in a product . On the Alpha Omega Elite , the buckle was so difficult to use and the straps kept getting twisted . In addition , my son 's head kept falling forward whenever he was sleeping -LRB- in the rear-facing position -RRB- . This was so frustrating because someone would have to sit in the back seat to hold up his head . After doing more research , I went back to Babies R Us and purchased the Britax Marathon . The buckle is easy to use , the straps do n't get tangled , and my son 's head rests comfortably on the back of the seat whenever he is napping . Plus , it fits perfectly in my Pontiac Grand Am . I wish I would have purchased the Britax Marathon seat first . It was well worth the extra $ 100 . Do n't go cheap when it comes to a car seat . Spend the extra money to get a QUALITY product . You wo n't be disappointed !
 I bought this as an extra car seat for grandmas ford expedition . And we could n't believe it did n't fit ! My daughter is 8 months old and I was tired of taking our seat -LRB- britax decathalon -RRB- from our ford explorer and putting it in her suv . We tried to install the seat in the rear facing position and to make it level with ground the driver seat would have to be pushed almost all the way up to the stearing wheel . Then when you turn the car off the seat automaticaly slides back . With the seat in the correct position the seat can not go all the way back like it should . I am not a person hired to slam products , I am a mom tring to make life easier and the britax decathalon rated for up to 65 lbs . will last longer than any other rated at 40 lbs . and even though it is a larger seat it fits perfectly where the omega did not . britax is worth the extra money I would n't waste the time trying to use the omega in the rear facing position it takes up too much space !
 I returned this extremely disappointing carseat one week after purchase . * Impossible to install rear facing * * Impossible to level , even with car seat leveler * * Buckle difficult to use and presses hard against baby 's thighs * * Shoulder harness can not be pulled tight enough for baby 's safety * My only thought is the manufacturer must hate children ! DO NOT BUY THIS CARSEAT !!! UGHH !
 Check out recalls , ect when making a choice on seats . This is the worst seat there is . If you do your research you 'll see Cosco and Eddie Bauer are the same company and have bad records . Plus this seat my look large but it will not be the only seat you 'll buy . You 'll have two seats purchased when those of us who us and buy Britax will still be on our first convertiable seat . Do n't be cheap and buy junk , I hope your children are priceless ...
 I got this seat for my then 8 month old the straps twist all the time making this set not safe for your child . Consumer Report did a study and this seat was rated one of the worst Consumer Report dose not recomend you use this seat as a boster at all . I have since bought the Cosco summit high back boster the only boster that the Consumer Report recomends and was rated the safest . Please do n't give your self the heart ach of this seat .
 We have 3 month old twins and are returning 2 of these terrible carseats . After 2 hours of trying to install these seats , we 've decided that they are not safe . In the rear facing position , it is impossible to tighten the Latch belt enough to prevent the seat from moving from side to side . We also tried installing it with the car seat belt and did not have any better luck . The `` level with ground '' guideline -LRB- on the side of the should harness -RRB- was only level when the base was placed half way up the back of the seat . This left only 2-3 inches of the base supporting the weight of the child and the carseat.The seat is also HUGE . We have a Volvo S80 and a Chevy Tahoe and neither are large enough to accommodate this carseat in the rear facing position . Because we have twins , we have to place the seats behind the driver and passenger seats making both very uncomfortable.This may be a good seat in the forward facing position but it definitely is n't a good `` 3 in 1 '' seat .
 On the recommendation of the sales staff at Babies R Us , I bought this car seat - HUGE mistake . It can not be levelled in my Camry . It sits bolt upright , no recline at all , even with the recline set fully back . Furthermore , the LATCH tethers are insecure - the seat wiggles all over the place - and it 's very hard to install using the seat belts instead . I only found out that it wo n't work in my car after two solid hours of struggling with all the little bits and pieces and trying to make heads or tails of the worthless instruction manual . I would really think that a carseat manufacturer would make the seat functional for a car as popular as the Camry ! Naturally I wo n't put my baby in this piece of junk - I only hope I can get my money back and buy a Graco !!
 After researching options on the infant to toddler car seats , I decided this had to be one of the best . Practical because it would last until toddler age , safe with the rear facing 5 point harness , comfortable because it looked and felt soft ... Not the case at all . We 've used it only 4 times and each time it has been 160 something dollars of sheer aggrevation . You 're praying you can get the latch fastened fast enough not to upset the baby or hurt the baby in the process , the straps are next to impossible to adjust , the seat takes up the ENTIRE back seat of my 4-door Accord , and you definitely need a neck cushion for the baby in this seat . My husband brought home a Graco infant carrier model to use for now and pulled the Elite out until the baby is older . If you purchase this seat , do n't expect to be completely happy .
 This seat is a challenge to install , it is heavy , and the 3 piece buckle is difficult to use . We had a lot of difficulty with the belts twisting and like the other reviewers we could never get our daughter tight enough in the seat.The best car seats on the market are by Britax , we have 6 between our 2 young children -LRB- 2 for Nana 's car -RRB- . After the Alpha Omega seat we decided to spend the extra money and get a good quality , easy to use/install seat . The belts never twist and the buckle is very eay to use .
 A toddler to booster seat - yes , but definitely not suitable for newborn/infant . We chose this product because of safety ratings we had read . However , for this product to work correctly it has to be installed correctly and therein lies the problem . As many of the previous reviews have stated this seat does not work well in the rear-facing position . You can not get the seat in the correct position without sticking a buch of rolled up towels under the base . I have to question the safety of a product if you have to modify the installation to get it to work right . This lack of attention to detail does n't surprize me with this company - I should have known better . We ended up buying an infant seat/carrier which installed in less that 20 minutes.On a positive note
 We purachased this seat after my daughter outgrew her infant carrier . I had it installed by the police , in which they had to remove the base and use three `` flotation tubes '' to get it positioned right . It is in the most reclined position -LRB- and the flotation tubes make it more reclined -RRB- and it is still very upright and at a very uncomforable angle . My daughter is 11 months and about 21lbs . and screams when she is in this seat and never falls asleep . She would fall asleep all the time in her infant seat . It appeared comforable at the store but do not be deceived , it is a very uncomfortable seat . I does appear to be a safe and secure seat and may be more comfortable in the forward-facing position , but I will probably be buying the expensive Britax because I dread driving in the car now . Would not recommend at all !!!
 We registered and received this car seat as a baby shower gift.We were initally very excited about it , but until we had to actually use it 4 months later , we quickly changed our mind . Once you figure out the puzzle of the interlocking harness , it is a breeze , however , untwisting in the plastic pieces is very frustrating . Also , we have a Santa Fe and the car seat does not fit well in the center of the back seat . It rocks side to side , it does not stay in a firm position , even after it is intstalled by a Fireman . I am constantly tightening it . With a second baby on the way , we need to purchase another car seat and it wont be this one again !!!!! Liam 's Mom
 To have this installed correctly per the manufacturer , having the lines level to the ground , you need to have the front seat basically kissing the dash board . Will be returning it and purchasing something else .
 I got 2 of these seats for our now 13 month old twin boys . They were 22 pounds and 29 inches long when we bought it . Even though they could sit front facing I really wanted them rear facing for a few more months . No way !! We tried and tried to use the latch system in our new minivan and there was NO way this seat would work rear facing . I do have to say that even though they are from facing , the latch system -LRB- though very time consiming to install -RRB- works beautifully with this seat . I also like the padded and angled headrests . Our newest problem came tonight when my son threw up while in the car requiring the cover to be washed . After looking through the manual to no avail and realzing that the customer service phone # was closed for the evening we had to tackle the cover on our own . A full half hour later -LRB- for just ONE of the seats -RRB- we FINALLY got the cover and straps off -LRB- with the help of pliers ! -RRB- to be washed . Now my next concern is how will I know if I reassemble it correctly ?!?!?! The manual offers so many ways to install the seat but not one thong regarding care and cleaning of it . I am very disappointed with this seat and will be returning both of our and re-buying new seats .
 We bought this car seat thinking it looked really nice and comfy , not to mention really safe . The price was high , but I figured it was worth it ... NOT ! I have many issues with this car seat . 1 -RRB- The latches in the front are a pain to line up and stick into the middle latch . -LRB- especially with a squirmy baby -RRB- 2 -RRB- The first -LRB- and last -RRB- time I had to wash this car seat it took me 3 days to figure out how to take it apart to get the cushions off to wash them ! It took me 3 hours and a phone call to their customer service -LRB- who were very nice and helpful -RRB- to be able to put it back together ! 3 -RRB- The car seat is really big . We have a 4 door Ford F-150 and it takes up 1 1/2 seats in the back ! 4 -RRB- It is heavy and very awkward , when trying to take it out and change into another car . I actually went and bought a brand new Graco -LRB- ComfortSport Convertible Car Seat 8639BEV in Bevington -RRB- car seat -LRB- for less $ -RRB- during the 3 days that I tried to take the Cosco one apart to clean it , and found that the Graco car seat was much easier to snap my daughter in , and much easier to take apart to clean , fits better in my backseat & she loves it . It did n't take up as much room in the back seat . However it is lacking the 3 position incline that the Cosco has . -LRB- no biggie -RRB- I figure I will use the Cosco in my Truck , since I finally have it put back together and use the Graco in my Honda car , which I drive a lot more . If and when ... because it will . . get dirty again I think I will just throw it away and buy another Graco . Life is to short to be frustrated over a badly made car seat !
 I could not install this seat securely in TWO of our cars with flat , normal seats . I 'm not a car seat novice ... I tried every trick . After over an hour , I gave up . Seats are n't safe if they are n't installed correctly , and I have no faith I could install this seat correctly .
 The sales representative convinced us to buy this seat because it can be used up to 80 lbs as it can later be converted to a booster . We tried many times to install this seat in the rear facing position according to the manufacturer directions and current safety guidelines . We tried using towels -LRB- manufacturer suggestion -RRB- and pool noodles -LRB- friend suggestion -RRB- and still could not get the seat to incline at a 45 degree angle . The problem did not lie with our car which is a 2004 4-door sedan . We finally took our car to the local Highway Patrol station . The patrolman spent 45 minutes trying to install it and he could not get the seat at the appropriate angle either . He highly suggested returning it and buying a Graco brand seat . He told us that his experiences with Cosco car seats have not been good -LRB- Cosco makes all Eddie Bauer seats too -RRB- . We followed up on his suggestion and bought a Graco seat which was much less expensive and installed with ease . It also had a neat little ball that easily told you when the seat was at the appropriate angle . The Cosco seat only had a not very visible line that you had to eyeball with the ground . By the way , we priced a booster seat and even having to buy two separate seats , it will be cheaper than buying the Alpha Omega . The Alpha Omega has a few bells and whistles but it is not worth the risk to the safety of your child that comes with a car seat that can not be properly installed .
 This may be a good seat for foward facing use , but it is impractical for rear-facing ! First off it would not fit in my car at all and I drive a 2003 Chevy Tahoe . When I reclined it to get the right angle , it took up a ton of space ! My husband , who is 6 ' 4 '' , would not have been able to ride in the car as we would n't have been able to move the front seats !! And to get it to the right angle I would have needed at least one noodle . The instructions are horrible !! We have LATCH and it does not say anything about the angle or how to angle it !! Hard to install !!! The puzzle clasp is also awful . Try putting it on a wiggle worm !! It also seemed like the sides would not tighten evenly and I never felt as though my daughter was safely fastened . I took the seat back and traded it for a Britax Roundabout ! Well worth the extra $ 50 and it will save you the headache and agony !! Do n't waste your time or money on this seat !!
 We bought this car seat for our 8 month old son who outgrew his infant seat . After spending 3 hours trying to install this seat properly -LRB- rear facing -RRB- , we made the decision to return the seat and buy the Britax Marathon , which took about 15 minutes to install and does not move an inch ! The Britax also takes up much less space in the back and allows the driver seat to go back further when the car seat is in the fully reclined position . We ended up using this seat for about a week and my son appeared to be comfortable in it , however my husband and I were still not comfortable with the amount the seat moved . If you want to spare a few bloody knuckles do n't invest in this seat !
 Do not buy this item . My baby got a huge scratch -LRB- more like a cut , since it bled -RRB- all the way across the side of his neck from the belt . It was hard to install . Also it would not stay in the reclining position , and the baby 's head would fall forward . Also it was annoying to lock him in his seat . You had to clip the two pieces of the belts together like a puzzle piece and then keep them together while you stuck it in the buckle . Very annoying . My baby hated being in the seat . He would cry before I even put him in and he would get very upset . It was horrible . After his neck got the big scratch and cut , I ripped it out of our SUV and returned it . I had done a lot of research and had planned to buy the Britax Marathon , but the representative at Toys R Us told me that the Alpha Omega was wonderful and great for the price and that it would last longer . Well I am so happy I returned it . Now I have a Britax Marathon and he loves it . He does n't complain when I put him in . It is so comfortable and so easy to lock him in . I hope this review helps people . Your child is worth the extra money for the Britax . I know mine is . I am so glad that I returned it . I gave Babies R Us the picture of what happened to my babies 's neck . They said it was good that I returned it and they also asked if they could keep the picture . I said yeah , they can send it to Cosco , because Cosco has lost my business forever !
 I recieved this carseat for my babyshower because yes , I registered for it . I read all these great reviews and thought ... that sounds like it will work for us . Now , I am sure that some of our poor judgement made this worse , but still . We got home from my shower to a one bedroom house and about 100 pounds of baby stuff -LRB- some can relate right ? -RRB- And what to do with all these big things ? So , my husband thought that if we took everything out of the box that would help . Sure ... a little less mess ... Well , long story short . The carseat does n't fit in my car , or his car , or my mothers car . We go to take it back to babies r us -LRB- lovely place I might add ... -RRB- and they wo n't take it back without a receipt . So now I am stuck with a carseat that wo n't fit anywhere.This carseat isA -RRB- huge!B -RRB- frustrating ... it says that it reclines ... . but i does n't really . And if you are planning to put your little baby in there , you want it to recline!C -RRB- not at all easy to install . I installed my graco snugride -LRB- which is wonderfully easy especially with a stroller in which it snaps into . -RRB- I installed it myself 8 months pregnant . This one is impossible-even with latch.D -RRB- pretty ugly . not that is matters to most , but really big and ugly ... All in all . . I still have n't gotten a new carseat yet . We ended up buying another base for the snugride and decided to burn the bridge of carseats when we get there . And we will for sure try it out in the car before purchasing . Hope my long tale helps someone out . plus I just needed to vent .
 after carefully doing hours of research on car seats i choose this one . i read other peoples reviews and thought that they were n't doing something right . the bottom buckle is like a puzzle peice and when your baby is crying and kicking it 's near impossible to get to together . the straps twist too easy and although it 's not hard to untwist it 's just one extra thing i do n't have time for . my son is 4 months old and looks smushed in it . the recline does n't recline as much as you 'd expect . the strap you pull to tighten the harness is near impossible to tug . refacing it hits the back of the seat and you ca n't pull up on it only out and the seat is in the way . but even with no seat it still does n't tighten enough for my 4 months old . maybe it would be ok for a 1 yr . old and forward facing but it still needs a lot of time to figure out and adjust . im returning it and playing with every seat out there before i buy another one .
 My daughter is 7 1/2 months old and weighs around 22lbs . She had outgrown her Graco Infant Car seat and we decided to buy the Alpha Omega Elite after many hours of research . We were also going away for the weekend and we knew our little one 's safety was first . MY GOD WHAT A DISSAPOINTMENT !!! I could n't believe the lack of decline in this seat in the rear-facing position . It almost sits straight up ! Thinking that this must be the normal way of car seats , we placed our daughter in it and began our trip . Not ten minutes into our trip , our daughter begins to throw up violently ! We immediately got her out of the car seat and she began to feel much better . Because she is sitting so high , the straps were too tight on her tummy even though we had fixed them to accomodate her . She was so miserable . Also , there is no head support , even with the flimsy pillow . When she fell asleep , her head flopped forward making her extremely miserable . We thought we had alleviated the situation by placing a noodle under the base of the seat . NO WAY did it help . The only way she would be able to stay in this car seat is by placing three towels and the noodle under the base . This allowed enough a recline for her to be comfortable in this seat and not throw up . This can not possible be safe ! Also , by doing this , the passenger seat must be completely forward to accomodate enough room for the recline . We drive a 2005 chevy malibu . Not a small car !! I do not recommend this car seat to anyome !
 6 months after i bought this carseat the chest latch broke . I have called the store I bought it from , I have writen the company and I 've tried to order a new one online but it never comes in the mail . Everyone promises me I will get a new one , but one year later and I still ca n't use this carseat . I am a foster home for infants and I will never buy anything cosco again .
 After reading some reviews online I decide to try out this car seat . My son hates this seat , he screams everytime we set him in it . He usually loves car rides , now I dread having to go anywhere . The seat is huge and does n't fit well in my back seat . I have a desent sized car . The buckles always get twisted and hit his legs funny , therefore almost pinching his legs . I am returning it today to purchase a britax . This is the only baby product I have been disappointed in yet .
 I bought this seat because I wanted one that lasted from infant to booster . We bought it when my son was 3 months old . He 's 20 months old now , and I called the manufacturer for a refund . First , the base of the carseat broke . I was annoyed , but I called Dorel and they said it is safe to use with or without the base , forward or rear facing . Then the plastic on top where you adjust the headrest broke , so the bars to adjust the headrest started falling out all the time . Then two weeks later I took the cover off to wash it and noticed the plastic buckle at the crotch was cracked all the way through !!! There is no way this seat would have lasted several years like I wanted it to . And I just used it like a normal car seat , it 's not like I was throwing it around or something ... . Other than falling apart , it was a nice and comfortable car seat while it lasted .
 I have recently purchased this item and I was very unhappy about the product . I had to return it the next day due to the buckle not being able to unbuckle and the positon against my daughters thigh cut across her thigh and ended up snapping her thigh and leaving a bruise . There was no way to adjust this and make it work for her . It was to loose in the cheast allowing her arms to get out and to tight against her thighs . My daughter is 1 year and in the 65 % for her wieght and hight so that was n't the cause . I would n't recommened this product to anyone that cares about their child
 We bought this seat for my 4 month old , since he is outgrowing his infant seat . I bought it after reading some good reviews on it , and I HATE this seat . I have a mini van , and in the rear facing position , it is TOO big.It is a WAY too big for anything smaller , then lets say , a HUMMER , . It barely fit in there . Second , to be able to get the seat tight enough someone has to sit in it , BUT when you do this , it sits up too far , and my son just slumped over . we had to put 2 rolled up beach towels under it , and it still moved too much . Also , when my son was in it , I could never get the straps tight enough . The latchy thing between his legs , even on the farthest setting , wasnt far enough out , so at 4 months he barely fit into it . I couldnt imagine it in a few months . Also , the * never needs rethreading * is a nic feature , but they have the stationary head roll thing , which if you have a big kid , it wont be comfortable , my son has the correct shoulder strap height but the head roll was too low . I would NOT recommend this seat , matter fact , it should be recalled for stupidity for the design of this seat .
 My husband and I are fairly intellegent people . We both were confused as heck over all the straps . We are not rookies , this carseat is for our 4th child . Reading the instructions proved to not be as easy as that . We thought we got it , then realized we had it installed incorrectly . The first time I put our son in it , I almost pinched his thigh-good thing I was paying close attention and stopped before I clicked the buckle . We messed with that carseat for 2 days , thinking eventually a light bulb will go off , and we would figure out how to use all the straps . We got so frustrated , we took it right back and bought a Britax . We have only used it once today , and our son fell right to sleep in it . It is much softer , reclines more , and MUCH easier to install than the Cosco . My husband said , `` heck with this , Ill buy another carseat when he gets heavier than to have to deal with this stupid thing . '' -LRB- edited version-as my husband was very frustrated -RRB-
 I dont understand how anyone can give this car seat 5 stars ... The thing is huge and bulky !! I have an Eddie Bauer Ford Explorer , and this car seat takes up almost half the backseat and makes it difficult for someone to sit in the passenger seat.When installing it in the rear facing position , it is not sturdy AT ALL !! you have to recline it so far back -LRB- the reason the front passenger is all scrunched up -RRB- , and still my daughter does not look comfortable.It took forever trying to get the latch system right , since the manual is so basic . The only thing that helped me is by reading the Ford manual and understanding how the LATCH worked.The cover is very difficult to remove and put back on . . I cant imagine removing it over and over again to wash it , its a nightmare ... You are supposed to be able to recline the car seat with one hand , yeah sure , use 2 hands and your knee to hold the seat down to recline it ... THIS CAR seat sucks so much i 'm returning it tomorrow and getting a Britax ... and for all you know it alls out there , please dont even try to tell me I dont know how to read a manual or follow directions , This is the only review I have ever written because everything else I own does not SUCK as much as this car seat does.GOod luck if you decide to try it ... waste of money ... luckily mine was a gift and I will exchange it for one that is better .
 I purchased the Alpha Omega Elite about one month ago for my 6 month old son . I chose it because it seemed to be the carseat that felt the most cushioned . Well , I just put it in my car today and had a ton of trouble with the belt buckle that goes between the legs . It is like a puzzle . By the time I figured it out my son was screaming up a storm ... I am returning it tomorrow ...
 I bought this car seat after both seeing the `` four and a half '' star '' customer rating and then reading all of the GLOWING reviews that past customers had written . I based my opinion on things that were posted on this site about the ease , convenience , safety and customer satisfaction that other parents were writting about . I HATE , HATE , HATE , HATE this car seat !!!!!! There is nothing easy about having to pull this car seat COMPLETELY apart when you need to wash it . My daughter is 14 months old and vomitted on herself today in the car so I had to literally tear this car seat apart to clean it up . I called two seperate Babies R Us stores to speak w / someone about this car seat and neither of the people I spoke w / knew anything about customer service and nobody could give me a bit of help or information about getting this monstrosity of a car seat pulled apart.I consulted my manual several times , but that did n't clarify anything either . It was very cumbersome , ackward and difficult to pull this seat apart just to simply wash the cover . I do n't know who designed this car seat , but obviously my guess would be someone sadistic who has no children.I will NOT recommend this car seat to ANYONE ever ! Not even someone I do n't like , this car seat is a cruel joke and a complete and total waste of money that would have been better spent on a simpler , better and more simplistically designed !!!!!!! This thing is completely awful!I hate this car seat , think it is a complete waste money and would NEVER recommend it to anyone looking for something easy , convenient and just simple to pull apart to clean ! Never again will I purchase anything made by Cosco !
 This car seat SEEMS to have everything that you would want -- longevity , comfort , price ... but such is not the case.The straps are VERY DIFFICULT to tighten while the seat is rear-facing . I had to pull the slack from behind the seat in order to get my daughter safely in the seat . -LRB- She is 11 months and 21 pounds -RRB- Why should I have to do this and how would I go about it once the seat is forward-facing ? The straps also twist constantly making an already frustrating situation worse.I thought I must be doing something wrong until yesterday when I could not get the buckles into the lock ! The lock was clicked as if the buckles were allready in except that they were not in ! I had to fool with it for a long time to `` unclick '' it so that it would accept the buckles . -LRB- Yes , the puzzle pieces were fit together properly-that was not the problem -RRB- Without the harness fully locked , this is useless as a SAFETY seat . It is going back to the store today .
 The Alpha Omega is quite possibly the worst product my wife and I have purchased for our baby , now 10 months old . The only thing worst than an overly complex -LRB- horribly complex -RRB- and crappy product is two of them ... and we made exactly that mistake . My wife purchased one for her car and one for my car.The two primary reasons that product absolutely is the worst product we have purchased for our daughter are as follows :1 -RRB- It is EXTREMELY to set up ... this is a huge failing in the engineering and design . It is easy to make a difficult and cumbersome product ; it is challenging to create a well designed and easy / intuitive product . It is VERY clear to me that the engineers that designed this monstrosity have never actually had to use it for their own families .2 -RRB- You simply can not remove the cover -- in less than 1 hour .
 I really hate this car seat . It takes up way too much room . The only place we could fit it rear-facing and securely was behind the passenger seat . To do so we had to shove the passenger seat all the way forward so that means there is no room any longer for a front passenger . And even then the seat is n't reclined as much as the indicator says it should be -LRB- almost but not quite -RRB- . I would have never purchased this seat . My mother bought it without consulting me and I used it because I 'm broke . I have an incredibly small car and this is the worst seat for it . If I had an Escalade maybe there would be room . This thing is HUGE . Besides that it 's difficult to get the baby in and out and adjust the straps . There is just nothing good about this thing .
 We have a Full Size F-350 Super Duty Ford Crew Cab . You ca n't get a bigger back seat but you still have to push the passenger seat up quite far . We have a TrailBlazer and purchased a different seat for that vehicle because the passenger can barely fit in the seat with this car seat in the back . The leveling is a terrible design also .
 I bought this car seat , for $ 129 after my son had outgrown his carrier around 5 mos old . Withen 3 days of using it , my husband and I were so frustrated we decided to return it . My son kept flopping forward . The straps just did not tighten . I was able to put a whole fist between him and the straps . I had my pediatrician look at it , and she told me there was no way that this was a safe car seat for my son . Also , the straps constantly tangled . Badly . So badly , that i had to remove the car seat and rethread them on the 2nd day of using it . Apparently , this is a common complaint about this seat , from other reviews i have since read . Since my son had used the seat for 3 days , the store wouldnt let me return it , even though they too looked at it and agreed my son was not properly restrained . Something about once a child sits in it they cant take it back . So my husband and I were out the $ 129 . We decided to get the Britax Roundabout and were VERY happy with this seat . We got the Roundabout for my car , and the Graco ComfortSport for his car . And we are happy with both of those seats . Avoid the Alpha Omega . It stinks .
 We had to return this seat because in order to properly install it rear-facing -LRB- fully reclined and leveled -RRB- in the back seat of our Mazda 626 -LRB- a very ` average ' size sedan -RRB- , the front seats had to be pushed almost entirely forward and could not be reclined . This made driving impossible for one of us , and very uncomfortable for the other . -LRB- ... -RRB- . Only consider this seat if a -RRB- you own an SUV/minivan with a lot of space between the front seats and the back seat , or b -RRB- if you only need it to be a forward facing seat.Nice idea , but it was n't practical for us .
 We are a two car family and have my sister-in-law as our child care so we are going to need to purchase three car seats . We bought one of these seats about a month ago so we could evaluate it , before buying two more . We installed it in my wifes Ford Taurus so that it was rear facing . It was a nightmare to get level , requiring swimming pool noodles , a lot of tounge biting and a long time to install.We then found the straps kept on twisting and I do n't just mean one or two twists , I mean to the point where the buckle was turned round the wrong way on the strap after a two mile trip . On top of that -LRB- and this makes me question whether the designers have kids of there own ? -RRB- , the main buckle requires you to fit one piece into the other before inserting it into the catch . To do this with a baby who keeps wriggling around in her seat , in the confined space of a Taurus takes a Houdini style feat of maneuvering . If the buckle was improved to where the two pieces could be inserted into the catch individually we would probably keep the seat but as it is we are selling this one and buying three others .
 We should have listened to the reviews regarding this as a rear facing seat , but we got sucked in by the fact that this seat converts to a booster seat ... Our daughter outgrew the height requirements for her infant seat at 5 months , so we were looking for a seat that would change to a booster to save us from buying one later on . This seat looks nice & I 'm sure it makes a great forward facing & booster seat , but it is TERRIBLE for a rear facing seat . It would not recline far enough - we would have had to put 2-3 pool noodles under it to get it to the correct position , and at that point our front seats would have to be all the way forward . It was also very difficult to install , and very inconvenient to move the harness and buckle position . We took this seat back and got the Evenflo Triumph and we LOVE it .
 After several months of trying to come to terms with this seat , I am giving up and making a fresh start . The tether is hard to tighten , the seat is not stable in my brand new Camry , and the straps are CONSTANTLY twisted . Time to throw in the towel !
 This is a nice carseat , but the straps twist up all the time . What a pain ! Our $ 40.00 carseat from Target is so much better . Just an FYI shop around before putting this on your list .
 I have this car seat in my car , and I am planning on buying another . My son is six months old so it is rear facing . It is impossible to effectively tighten the shoulder straps because the button is firmly against the back seat . Also I just do n't feel like the seat fits quite right in my back seat . It seems to be too upright even in the fully reclined position . Fainally the keyed clip is such a pain to use . It takes several attempts to get it lined up correctly and closed . I 'm giving it 2 stars because it 's better than nothing .
 My biggest complaint about this car seat is that the straps get twisted very easily and are very difficult to untwist . This is a problem almost everytime we use the seat . My other big complaint is that the seat is huge and impossible to use for a small infant who needs to be reclined . We have a mini-van and can not recline it all the way.On the positive side , I like the front strap adjuster . This is much easier to use than the adjuster we had on our infant car seat . On the whole , though , I do n't think I would buy this seat again .
 This seat was recommended to me by someone who owns a caravan and who had luck with it . Unfortunately i have a Mountaineer and this car seat just does not fit comfortably anywhere in the back seat in the rear facing position.Problems
 I could n't believe the recline -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- in this seat in the rear-facing position . This seat sits almost straight up , which is terrible for infants that can not yet hold their bodies steady . Also , there is no head support , even with the flimsy pillow . I tried to put my 4.5 month old in this seat , as he is outgrowing his infant carrier . There is no way that he could ride in this seat comfortably and safely . What a waste !!! I 'm just hoping that he can use it when he is able to face forward.Also , this seat is very heavy , cumbersome , and difficult to install .
 We brought this seat for our 5 month daughter , she was to tall for her infant seat . We were excited to use it , and tried it out in the house 1st , she seemed to like it . Installing it in the car was a nightmare -LRB- everytime it took me at least 10 - 20 mins -RRB- . Then the true test I put my daughter in and she cried and cried -LRB- hated it -RRB- . So I put her back in he infant seat , she stopped crying almost immediately . We tried a few times with this seat -LRB- she cried everytime -RRB- she looked uncomfortable and even in the recline position she looked to upright -LRB- and she loves to sit upright -RRB- , so all I can say this seat was a pain , we returned it -LRB- we saved the box thankfully -RRB- and ended up with the Cascade Britax -LRB- when I put her in that she smiled at me , as if to say this is much better -RRB- . So be cautious and let your child try it out -LRB- do n't throw away the box in case you need to return it -RRB- .
 I went to get a car seat for my 11 month old . I was told at Baby 's R Us this was the best car seat and it looked so confortable . To my dissapointment and frustration when I had to install it and try to get my daughter in and out of this thing . It is horrible ! . I own a Maxi Cosi Priori for my oldest daughter and I love it it is so easy to install and to take her in and out . I was expecting something close to it but I did n't . I think that there are car seats a lot cheaper and that can be easier and better than this one.b
 I was so excited about this seat for my newborn to enjoy through childhood , until my husband and I spent two hours trying to install it rear-facing . 2001 Ford Explorer 2-door , rear-facing carseat was too tall and front passenger has to be completely foward and too close to airbag . Ca n't install behind driver , not enough room for me to drive . Could n't recline enough to `` ground level '' indicator on carseat . Instructions are very poor and suggested removing base to recline more . Still not enough , we had to try rolled towels ... not safe . Still could n't get `` clip '' to work on shoulder/lap safety belt combo and entire carseat was at a tilt . So much of a tilt , a newborn would n't weigh it down and could be harmed . Never a snug fit and could move 12 inches side to side no matter how tight the seatbelt was . My 4 passenger 2-door SUV turned into a 1 person vehicle with this carseat ! We gave up and returned it for a newborn carseat by Graco , which took less than 1 minute and comes with carrier and snaps into my stroller ! We may get this seat again when our child can face forward .
 A carseat is only safe if your child is correctly fastened and secured in it . This carseat is a NIGHTMARE to get my daughter in and out of . The straps twist . The straps randomly fail to tighten , and the button used to release the straps is awkward and actually painful to use . I HATE this carseat . I am so frustrated that I 've ordered the Britax Marathon . I should have purchased that in the first place . If there is ANY way to try this carseat out before buying , please do so .
 I thought this seat would solve my delima with a tall baby . My child is long and lanky . Not Thick at all , and it rubbed his neck RAW ! The pads moved out of the way and the straps are too close together . Also , his head flops fwd , like the other reviews have said.I had to return the seat , after 5mths use . The end of the line with it , was trying to put it in a friends van ! It was sitting straight UP ! I have it rear facing as he has Just turned 9mths old . We took a 2 hour road trip , and he was miserable , and that is when the straps hurt him . I would be afraid , VERY afraid if an accident had occured ! DO N'T Buy this seat !
 Im not the type of mom to bash something if it makes your child happy , so i 'm not going to here ... this is only to help other moms and dad 's from my perspective . I only had this car seat one day and I absolutely hated it ... my daughter is 3 months old and has almost nearly outgrown her infant car seat ... so we bought this car seat to last her all the way through ... huge mistake on our parts ... my daughter is a hefty 17 lbs now ... and this car seat didnt fit her at all . The buckle between her legs was way too far back and when we put her in it she sat on the thing . We had to reach between her legs to get it clasped , which in turn pinched my fingers , so I cant imagine how it would be when she gets older and bigger . Also , my car has a pretty flat seat and it wouldnt recline hardly at all rear facing ... she looked like she `` hung '' on the chest clips , she fell forward so much . When she finally dozed off after screaming her head off , her head floped forward and rolled to the side ... the cushions did nothing to hold her head up . When we put the `` bundle me '' in it , all bets were off ... the straps twisted up horribly and the buckle between her legs was officially lost to us ... Im taking it back to get the Evenflo Triumph Deluxe , which reclined much better in the store . Like I said ... if it works for you then great ... but if you have a pudgy baby I 'd look elsewhere ... getting her a car seat that only goes up to 40 lbs . and having to get her another later is far worth it to me when it comes to her comfort . She was miserable in this seat and she is usually a very happy baby and falls asleep easily in the car . I recommend if you buy this seat to keep all receipts and the box and try it out first .
 We bought this when our 8 months old grew too long for her infant seat . Although it comes with a video -LRB- which does n't help in the car -RRB- the user 's manuel is very vague so you kind of have to figure it out on your own . It does n't recline enough for an infant -LRB- our daughter 's now 1 year and I still wish I could get it to recline more -RRB- , and if it 's rear-facing the only way to adjust it is to unlatch it . Also , adjusting the straps is near impossible unless it 's unlatched due to the positioning of the strap release . Oh , and forget about washing the seat cover or straps , they are hard to take off.I 'm actually getting rid of this after only 4 months and am getting one that 's easier to use .
 This seat is terrible for rear facing . It will not recline the way it should even if you put your front seat up to your dashboard ! It takes forever to install because you have to put it together and adjust everything before you even attach it to your car ! The instructions are not very clear either . The puzzle buckle on the five point harness is a terrible pain with a wiggling baby and has very sharp edges that can scratch your babies legs for sure ! After one day of trying and watching my five month old sons head bob when he fell asleep I took it back and bought the Triumph by Evenflo . It took about five minutes to install because it comes fully assembled and it fits in the proper recline position even with my SUV 's seat all the way back ! It is easier to get baby in and out too without any scary looking sharp edged puzzle buckle to hassle with . It just has a normal five point harness . Save yourself the hassle and do not buy this for a rear facing seat !
 I bought this seat and spent an hour trying to install it in the rear facing position . I tried it with the latch and with the seat belt and either way the seat still moved around and would not stay reclined . I took it back the next day and bought the Britax Roundabout , installed it in about 5 minutes and it is very stable and comfortable for my 5 month old son .
 I really wanted to use this car seat . The thought of having to research 2 more seats , after my 4 month old got too long for her infant carrier , was frustrating . This seat is just not for the rear facing stage , at all , in a Volvo . First of all it took the 3 California Highway Patrol officers 2 hours to install . Bless all three of them ! I ended up driving away with 2 swim noodles underneath the seat , to make the reclined position correct , placed in the rear right side passenger area , and the front passenger seat full forward ! This made our passenger seat unusable for us . My husband is 6 ' 3 and I am 5 ' 10 . The reason it was not to be placed in the middle of the back seat was that the red button you see on the lower , center portion of the chair , would be depressed by the existing curvature of the back seat . This would not allow the car seat to be in a reclined position at all . It was also too tall for the center position . Bottom line is we returned the seat and purchased the Britax . Love the Britax and I installed it myself , had it checked by the CHP and they told me I made a better choice in seats anyway ! Plus I learned my car has child booster chair installed in the seats already as their child safety package so this is the last seat I 'll buy .
 My 6 month old outgrew her infant seat , and we decided to get a convertible seat for each of our cars . I got this and the Britax Marathon at the store . Out of the two , I prefer the Marathon . The Cosco seat took forever to install on the LATCH , and will not recline at the 45 degree angle even with the base detached . Plus everytime my daughter has been in it , she screams until she is out or until she has thrown up . She does n't do this in the Britax , which was a piece of cake to install . I 'll be exchanging the Cosco seat for another Marathon . It 's worth the money .
 I bought the seat and was impressed with all of the features it has , but . When I installed into my 4Runner , I had an almost impossible time getting the seat tight -LRB- do n't have the latch system -RRB- . After getting it installed , we put my daughter into the seat and tightened the straps . and the screaming started . the lower straps ride across the thighs of a baby and must be fairly tight for the upper body straps to be the proper tension . my daughter had a fit and would n't stop crying until we removed the seat and put her old back in . I went and bought the Evenflo Triumph 5 and she loved it , also easier to install.I would definately not recommend this to anyone who needs a rear facing seat . The seat should work just fine for children facing forward or who need a booster seat only .
 I bought this seat for my daughter when she was probably 2 years old , because she had out grown her car seat . It was ok for forward facing . But she started to complain that she did n't like it and she did seem confined so now she is in her 4th car seat . Geez.With this being said I had another baby . Once he out grew his infant carrier I pulled this one out of the closet for him . My husband and I could not get it to sit right for rear facing . When our son falls asleep his head always falls forward and his chin is on his chest -LRB- and the car seat is fully reclined -RRB- . Plus the back of the seat is so high I can no longer see him in his mirror . I have to drive my daughter nuts to find out how he is . I do n't feel like the vehicle is the problem because we drive an Expedition and you would think you would have plently of room and that it should sit right without any problems.I would search for another seat . Like I said if you just need it for forward facing it is ok . But it will not be your last car seat purchase .
 The straps are hard to adjust , the buckle in the front hits my baby in the thighs -LRB- ouch -RRB- and does not adjust . It feels loos in my car . Made VERY CHEAP . I baught because of the looks , bad decision !
 We recieved this car seat as a gift . We were initially very pleased because it is amazingly stylish for baby gear . The problems arrived when our little man did . He HATES it ! The head/body support made him extremely uncomfortable - he would cry immediately upon being placed in it . We removed that . But he still cries as soon as the straps are fastened - something about them is very uncomfortable . We 've tried loosening them , but there is not enough strap material to keep him safely fastened -LRB- it slips when there is too little -RRB- . He 's not that big a baby , but after only 3 months , we 're going to have to buy a new seat ! Also , the seat is enormous and difficult to carry compared with others . I do n't recommend this seat at all !
 We spent way too much money on the Eddie Bauer infant seat . I thought with a name like EB we would be very satisfied . Instead it was a nightmare . We own a newer Dodge Intrepid and no matter how tight we got the base in it would still slide around . We even brought it to the local Fire Dept that specializes in installing carseats and said this carseat is not safe in our car because it would slide . They even tried to use foam noodles and towels to help support it and that did n't even work . My advice to anyone looking for a carseat is no matter how bad you feel like a nag at the store , ask if you can take the model out to your car and see if it will fit before spending money on something that is n't safe .
 At first glace this car seat is very appealing . We bought because it was an Eddie Bauer and we really liked the pattern . We thought that buying an Eddie Bauer named product would be good quality , but we were wrong . It is very very poorly constructed and the does n't always lock into the base very well . The hood is poorly made and very flimsy.We decided to return it before our daughter was born and went with a Graco car seat and have been very pleased .
 I had a very difficult time trying to install the base in the car . No matter how tight I thought I had the seat belt , I could easily work it loose by rocking it from side to side . I spent 1 1/2 hours carefully reading the manual and then 2 hours trying to install it in 2 cars - a Nissan Pathfinder and a Ford Mustang . I called customer service at djusa and after waiting 30 minutes to talk to someone - they of course blamed me for how I installed it . I do n't believe installing a car seat should be so difficult . No wonder 90 % of them are installed incorrectly . This seat is too long to fit in a small back seat because it touches the back of the front seat - even when I push the seat so far forward that no one could sit there . The only way I could get a tight fit was to install the carrier without the base - and that eliminates all the convenience of a detachable base .
 I bought this car seat with the stroller as a combo . I mistakenly made the assumption that since it was more expensive and carried the Eddie Bauer name , it would be top of the line . When we came home from the hospital , it literally took us 45 mins to fix the carseat adjuster on the bottom of the base so that he was n't sitting straight up . I do n't like how the lower straps snap , I think it pinches my baby 's legs . The harness straps are also constantly coming out and I do n't see how this would be safe if I got into a car wreck ! We do n't have much money because my husband is a stay at home dad and full-time student but we wanted to make sure our baby was the safest he could possibly be . I 'm so disappointed with our purchase and am now out of quite a bit of money . I thought I had investigated all of the options and thought I was getting the best and safest ! I was wrong !
 We placed this car seat on our registry because we thought that the Eddie Bauer brand would be of good quality , but the straps always slip after about a week of use . The visor does n't stay up either-it 's very flimsy ! We did drive accross the country with our daughter at 3 months , and she was comfortable for the entire ride . Overall our daughter likes her car seat , but I question it 's safety .
 This has been the biggest aggravation . Other than it looking nice and having the Eddie Bauer name on it , I think it 's crap . It 's too wide getting it in and out of the car . The handle is not ergonomically shaped . And when carrying a baby around this needs to be comfortable . It 's not easy to pinch the handle release and move it back or forward . The cover gets in the way when trying to put the handle back . It 's extremely difficult to put the carseat in the base . Finding where it snaps in is an annoyance . I have to slide it back and forth to find where it goes . I have to press down on both sides for it to snap in . It does n't just snap easily . When taking the seat out of the base , it does n't just come out when you pull the release . I have to pull the release numerous times to finally get the sucker out . And in doing so it moves the base from it 's secure position . The buckle is hard to snap . Even my husband has a hard time putting that puzzle piece buckle in the latch along with putting and taking the carseat in and out . When tightening or loosening the straps , using two hands you have to reach behind the carseat and pull or tighten each side . The cover is flimsy and two hands are needed to cover the child . It 's not worth the money or time . I wo n't buy anything from Cosco again . I now use the Graco Quattro Tour Travel System and LOVE IT !!!! .
 The LATCH system on this car seat is wonderful -- it is so easy to put seat in and out of car . The problem with this Eddie Bauer seat is that it takes me 4-5 tries to move the handle -- it is super stiff and the red buttons on both sides have to be ALL THE WAY IN or it does n't click . My 6 ` foot , 220 lb . husband claims he can move it in one try , but I do n't think it should be something you battle with on a daily basis . If you want to purchase this seat , take it out of the box in the store and see how easily you can move the handle !
 we bought this car seat a couple of months before baby came . it 's a great looking car seat but ... we learned that looks are n't the most important thing when dealing with a baby . the straps are hard to adjust once you have the baby in the seat . instead of the one hand tightening and loosening like we had dealt with previously it has to be adjusted on strap at a time on the back of the carseat . it 's kind of hard to explain but very time consuming . the last straw for us was how hard it was to put in the car . i had just had a c-section and instead of just snapping it straight into the base I had to get on top of it and push it down with all my might -LRB- not the easiest thing to do -RRB- the base sat too close to the back of the seat and in order to make it easier we would have to loosen the base , which i was not willing to do . LUCKILY , we were able to return it to our toys r us store and they were great to exchange it for an EASIER graco model -LRB- even without the box or our receipt , what a lifesaver -RRB- thank you toys r us in baytown TX
 We bought this car seat to replace one that would not fit in the middle seat . Our son never cried in the other car seat . The only time he does not cry in this car seat is when we are moving . He is not comfortable in the seat when we are sitting still . The straps are not easily adjustable . You have to adjust them from the back whereas other seats have a strap in the front . The handle is straight across which makes it more difficult to carry . Also , the handle is very loud when it snaps into place almost always waking up our baby . I think there are better car seats out there for the same price .
 I hate this carseat . We registered for it -LRB- big mistake -RRB- & received it as a gift before our daughter was born . My husband & I installed it -- it took about 30 minutes -- when I was 6 1/2 mos . pregnant . We really liked it until we had to take our daughter home from the hospital . It took 4 people about 15 minutes to figure out how to properly adjust it -- and we did read the directions . The straps are way too short & extremely difficult to adjust . Our poor daughter cried every time we buckled her in . The straps just do n't provide enough slack to comfortably put her arms through , and the puzzle buckle is a pain . Our daughter is less than 9 lbs . at 4 wks old & we finally gave up & got the convertible Britax Roundabout . The Roundabout is much safer , and although it 's $ 199 , it 's worth every penny & lasts alot longer . Thank God we are n't causing our poor little girl pain anymore.Do not get this car seat !
 I am a new mom and wanted to do everything right for my new little bundle , spairing no cost . So , I registered for the travel system that includes the stroller thinking that Eddie Bauer had to be the best - especially since it was the most expensive ! WRONG ! The colors are great and the padding is a plus , but that is the only good thing that I can say about this product ! These are my complains in order :1 . The straps repeatedly come loose from the back anchors ! I mean this is a child safety seat and the straps wo n't hold him in when conditions are good ! How the heck is it going too perform under tramatic conditions ? Each time I strap him in I have to secure the straps in the back .2 . The canopy is completely useless ! In fact , I do not hesitate to say that it in itself is a safety hazard . The canopy will not stay up unless you hold it with the handle . It falls down and drags the ground to the point that you are actually tripping on it if your not careful .3 . Poor quality fabric - the cover is begining to rip where it covers the front of the carrier .4 . There is a certain way you have to secure the straps in the front , but once you know how they go it is n't too much of a problem.Folks , I have a degree in Safety -LRB- no joke -RRB- . If you are looking for a fashion statement than this is your carrier . If you are interested in protecting your child than I would look for other options .
 I wish I would have known more about what to look for in a car seat before we purchased this one.-The handle is very difficult to move and the loud noise it makes wakes our baby almost everytime we move the seat from the car.-The latching system requires quite a bit of coordination and strength - I did not have either after many nights with limited sleep . - The car seat is very heavy and difficult to carry the baby in . For the first few months I dreaded every trip with putting him in the car seat.-Our baby is now 4 months and 20 lbs - I am looking forward to getting a new car seat and never using this one .
 Do not buy this car seat ! I bought it simply for the name and not the quality , BIG MISTAKE ! It is nearly impossible to adjust the handle and the safety belt is very difficult to latch . My son was 9.5 pounds at birth and now weighs 21 pounds at 4 months and I am already looking for a new seat . I wish I would have read reviews before hand . Trust me I will from now on ...
 I only gave this car seat 1 star because I really do n't like it , the only thing I do like is the print , it is classy , but everything else is terrible . The car seat itself weighs about a hundred pounds , it is very uncomforatible to carry , the canopy thing never stays up and worst of all the straps keep coming undone , I believe this carseat should get rechecked by those safety people because those straps coming undone all the time is very dangerous . If I could I would like my money back and as of today I am searching for a new car seat .
 I would not give any stars to this item , but you have to put at least one . I would not recommend this car seat to anyone . Basically you are paying for the name and nothing else . The base and seat are very flimsy . You have to adjust the straps from the back of the seat which is very inconvenient and after strapping the child in it still does n't feel secure . Also the canopy is worthless , the back part is not even connected to the seat , it hangs down and does n't attach to anything . The worst part is that it does not snap into the base easily . You have to move it all around to get it into place . I received this car seat and the Graco Snugride both as gifts . I highly recommend the Graco seat for your baby .
 I had high hopes for this toy but my daughter has no interest in it whatsoever . She does n't even want to hold it .
 Sheets arrived with two top sheets and no bottom sheet . This was corrected by customer service with an e-mail . However , the sheets were all different shades of navy , none matching . Also snags in the fabric and fabric was very rough and cheap feeling . Toddler sheets are hard to find but these were definitely not worth the money .
 I bought this sling when my son was 8 months old and 19 pounds . He hated this carrier because he could n't turn around and see the world . I hated this carrier because the rigid straps cut into my hips and shoulder every time he tried to move . The seller recommended making sure the straps were place correctly -LRB- I tried numerous positions . There is n't a place on your body where unforgiving straps are particularly comfortable -RRB- and also said to tighten the straps so the baby could n't move around . I did all of these things and still found it very uncomfortable to wear . The seller was helpful and the product arrived promptly , so I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 . There is a $ 5 return charge .
 I 'm not rating the furniture or Simplicity , I 'm rating Baby Universe for shipping the wrong furniture . I did n't notice that they sent a combo of the Walnut and Cherry changing tables from the Ellis line . So , when my friends and I attempted to put it together , the screw holes on the cabinet pieces did n't line up . I thought that maybe it was me , so I called my cousin , the handy-man , to see if he could fix it . As we looked closer , we noticed that some pieces were lighter than others . Simplicity instructs you to call them if something 's wrong and I did . They 're sending an entirely new unit to me and will pay for shipping to return the faulty/unmatched unit . I 'm due in 2 weeks so I 'm purchasing a playpen/changing table/bassinet in case I deliver before Simplicity does .
 I Received this item over two weeks ago and there were numerous things wrong . I immediately called target and explained the situation , they reffered me to simplicity 's customer servive . I have spoke to simplicity three times and was promised each time that the 3 drawers would be replaced and sent ASAP ! After not receiving the 1st time , I called and was told they need the model number , I think they should have known that already . I gave them the Model number and was promised it would be shipped over night . 6 days later -LRB- today -RRB- I called back to find out what was going on and was told every thing is on back order and they should have it in within 3 weeks . I was told they will call me when it arrives . I am expecting the kid in 1 week but still I have no functionin changing table , lets see how target wll respond ? Target has refunded me 20 % and offered to replace the item with another item , since I have the matching dresser there is not a similiar combo unit , so we may end up with something that does not match .
 I agree with the other reviews . We experienced similar problems when trying to assemble our changing table , and it was all because of the poor quality of craftmanship in the SIMPLICITY product . We finally had to contact the store where we purchased the product , and they generously removed the one we could n't fit together and replaced it with one that their furniture assembly specialists put together for us . it only took us about 2 months from the purchase date to finally end up with a properly assembled product.Then we opened the Ellis crib box to find a slat in the front panel was warped . Here we go again .
 Where do I begin with the problems with this product ! I purchased this dresser changer combo 8/10/07 from Amazon . It is now 9/19/07 and I still do n't have a dresser/changer . I received the unit the week after I placed the order . The packaging and shipping was fairly intact . There were a few dents in the pieces but nothing major . Then the horror began when I tried to assemble the darn thing . First of all , they do n't label any of the wood parts . Only the hardware came in its own packaging and was labeled . Part A , B , and C did n't fit . The instructions say to call Simplicity directly so I did . The person there tells me she thinks the top piece is the defective one since the left side panel and middle panel both did n't match up . OK ... . so she sends me a new top piece . One and half week later , I receive it and it 's wrong ! So I call them again . They are now set to send out the Left and Middle panels . One week later , I call them because I have n't received them . I leave 2 messages . Finally , someone calls back and they are suppose to send them out right away . Another week passes ... then I received 2 packages of the same parts . Fine , at least the parts fit . So ... I continue the assembly of my unit until I got to the Right end panel . Yes , you guessed it ! It does n't fit ! So , I call Simplicity again . They tell me they are going to send me another Right end panel . The next week , I receive another Right end panel that does n't fit !!!! This story is sooooo ridiculous I ca n't even begin to understand how they stay in business . I call Simplicity again . All their customer service reps are busy -LRB- I wonder why -RRB- so I leave another message . At this point , I 'm giving up ... I may have to just call Amazon and try to return the product for my money back because I just ca n't put it together . I 've even asked them to just send me a new unit , preferably one that someone has actually tried to put together and verified that it works ! But ... to no avail . If you are even thinking of purchasing this product , FORGET IT . It is not worth the time , money or headache or frustration . Simplicity ??? There 's nothing simple about it .
 Here are my concerns :1 . When we first opened the tube , the ointment was VERY difficult to get out . I had to squeeze very hard .2 . It has a brownish color to it , which sometimes looks like you did n't clean off all the mess during the previous diaper change .3 . It is difficult to wipe off , which only aggravates an already sensitive area if the baby has a rash . This happened when my son got his first and only true diaper rash . I then switched to Desitin , which I like much better .4 . I just do n't like the smell of this ointment . I know that 's not a deal breaker but it bothers me , so we only use it occasionally since we have an open tube that needs to be used .5 . It does n't spread easy . It 's very thick so it takes some work to spread around , again creating more difficulty for rashy bottoms.Once we used the product for awhile -LRB- I mean once every 2 days or so for 2 months -RRB- it started squeezing out of the tube much easier , going on easier and wiping off easier . I only use diaper rash cream to prevent rashes , mainly at night , and we alternate this with Desitin . Still , I prefer Desitin since it did all these things from the first use . Bottom line - I would n't buy this product again and I would n't recommend it to a friend .
 I had been using this paste for my baby for the first years of her life . When she was able to communicate , it broke my heart because she kept saying `` ouchy '' . I tried the paste on different occasions with the same result . I ca n't believe I used this when she was a helpless baby and it was burning or causing discomfort . Never again !
 Other diaper rash products work just as well if not better . This also stains if you get it on clothes .
 This stuff smells really bad ! I am usually not one to discontinue use of a product because of something like this , but seriously it stinks . It is also VERY thick and difficult to get onto a little bottom . It is also difficult to get off of your hands when you are done . I now use Desitin as it works great and there is no yucky smell that comes along with it .
 My baby developed bad dipper rush due to a thrush . My peds MD recommended this product but I am not happy with the results . I bought diaper cream by Motherlove and I absolutly love it ! it works much better on severe rushes !
 I read on goodguide.com that butt paste contains boric acid . This substance has been banned in Canada and the European union for baby products . Too bad as the stuff works well , if you do n't mind putting something that can be used as a pesticide on your baby 's skin . Shame .
 I 'd say people are very delirious and following media hype of this product with their reviews . The product , when sat in its tube . In a room temperature environment -LRB- as it is supposed to do -RRB- separates itself into one part sticky clear oil , and another part the white/tan paste . The two ingredients do not work together as a whole entity and makes a mess on your hands and on the baby . I have yet to see it work for a diaper rash , mild or moderate ... and it smells to high heaven . I prefer good old fasioned , orange A&D Ointment ... . Clears diaper rash up in an hour for good .
 We bought this product so that I could see my 6 month old son from the front seat . But everytime I put the rear view mirror on the back window it would pop off and hit my son in the face . The blinds do n't stay up either . Their suctions do n't stay if there is any moisture on your windows and when you shut your car door .
 Our son is 17 lbs . and is almost 5 months old . The packaging says 15-22 lbs . -LRB- for the Large size -RRB- No way ! I tried to attach the velcro pieces and it can only go half way around his little body and the velcro pieces ca n't attach . The concept is good but does n't work . I ended up just going back to swaddling him with a large receiving blanket . If anyone knows of a better product for swaddling please comment on my review . Thanks .
 The design is pretty narrow . My 3-4 months baby was far more under the pounds as the product described . The product tightened her so much that when she was in it she would cry . Unless you have a very small and quiet baby , otherwise it is not a wise choice .
 This gown was labeled as fits up to 3 months . When I received it , it was actually a size large . I had to return it and go buy one at a store since it was needed for a baby shower .
 OK SO IT DOES NOT FIT ON MY CRIB . AS A MATTER OF FACT I DONT THINK IT WOULD FIT ON ANY WOOD CRIB . WOULD PROBABLY ONLY FIT ON ONE OF THOSE CHEAP METAL CRIBS . TRID TO RETURN ITEM BUT PAID ALMOST AS MUCH FOR THE ORIGINAL SHIPPING AS I DID THE MOBILE AND THEN WAS TOLD I WOULD HAVE TO PAY TO SHIP IT BACK SO I KEPT IT OUT OF SPITE . BY THE TIME THEY REFUNDED ME THE 14.99 FOR THE MOBILE I WOULD HAVE PAID 30 DOLLARS IN SHIPPING . NOT HAPPY !!!!
 This product is over-priced , shoddy quality , and if you do n't like it you ca n't get a full refund . I was disappointed with the cheap plastic skeleton , the music box that twangs awkwardly and only lasts a couple minutes , and the fabric that does nothing for my baby except match her bedding . Now that I want to return it I learn that they wo n't refund the $ 14 shipping & handling that I originally paid , AND I AM SUPPOSED TO PAY FOR IT TO GET SHIPPED BACK TO THEM . So now I am still out $ 14 of the $ 50 I paid for this thing , I have to pay to send it back to them , and I still do n't have a mobile for my baby 's crib . What a racket!I am SO sorry I bought this thing and now I 'm out $ 20 , the lost time of dealing with all this , and nothing to show for it .
 This might be a great product except for the small fact that I ca n't use it at all because it will not attach to the crib .
 I read the reviews of others having problems with the seller and figured it 's a small problem . Apparently it 's not . We received the mobile with 2 missing parts and 1 WRONG part -LRB- the image in the diagram is different -RRB- . Tried to return , and not only do you pay for the return shipping , but they also charge a 20 % restocking fee . The math looks like this - $ 39.99 + $ 14 -LRB- s/h -RRB- = $ 54 + $ 10 -LRB- return s/h -RRB- - $ 32 -LRB- refund -RRB- = $ 32 . So to return this item still costs you $ 32 ! To top it all off , the quality of the mobile is questionable.Do yourself a favor , stay away from JoJo products and stay away from Beyond Bedding . Amazon should investigate the seller seeing as how this issue appears to be widespread .
 This is the worst item I have ever purchased on Amazon the music box wasnt powerful enough to turn the mobile ! I called to ask for a new one or exchange but they wanted me to pay the shipping back for what I call a defective item . The arm of the mobile is barely long/deep enough for it to spin when I switched out the music box for one that I have had for over 10 years and had been passed down through 4 other kids . The only good thing is that is matched the bedding and that is it !! DO NOT BUY THIS !! I didnt even want to give it one star as it didnt even deserve that !!
 I ca n't believe that they would send me only PART of the mobile . There 's nothing but the cloth ! Nothing to hang these items on ! THIS is a mobile ? I 'm disgusted with Amazon .
 I received the mobile and it looked used . The white plastic was all scratched up and dirty . I tried to clean it up , but nothing worked . We were disappointed and decided not to put it in the baby 's room .
 The product arrived in a box with the pieces just thrown in it.All of the pieces were not in the box and one of the main pieces that were in there were broken . I am returning this right away . I bought the vintage pink toile nursery set and was satisfied with that but this product is very cheap . It is made out of plastic and the pieces were all dirty and dusty .
 I bought this mobile thinking it would bo so cute and I was wrong . The canopy top piece of the mobile was fine , but the boats hanging from it looked terrible . The boats looked like oval balls and the stiching also looked of poor quality .
 I bought this item as `` new '' and received it as USED . The plastic is filthy , dirty with scratches , dings , dents , and stains . This was supposed to go in my babies nursery along with all of the other bumblebee products I had bought , but I would n't put this near a flea infested dog !!! I am disgusted . I sent the product back for a replacement , and you would never believe that they sent another used product !!!!!!!!!!!! I am dumbfounded to say the least . The only offer Amazon is willing to make me is to keep it and give me $ 8.00 off the purchase price -- are you kidding me ???? KEEP IT ???? Or just send it back for a refund and have no mobile to match my babies room . No one can seem to give me any answers as to why used products are being sent out , but I want and deserve to know as a customer why this is happening . I AM TICKED to say the least .
 The mobile looks nice in my baby 's room but it does n't spin like it should . It seems like the mobile part is too wide and gets in the way of the base and is n't able to spin .
 This was very cute but it does n't fit all cribs . Sadly went I received it the clamp is too small for the crib . = -LRB-
 I was very disappointed with this item , especially for it costing almost $ 50 -LRB- with tax and shipping -RRB- . It barely plays music , before it shuts off ... and the music itself was not very loud . Sounds like a music box on it 's last leg . We were not able to install it on the crib as the instructions stated and we had to `` rig '' it to make it stay . Not worth the money and I would not reccommend .
 I ordered this product and was eagerly awaiting its arrival . It never came and I found ot 2 weeks later that the order had been cancelled without an explanation . It is unclear if the error was on the amazon side or with the seller , but since there is no explanation I will never know . DO NOT PURCHASE THIS BASINET ON THIS SITE IF YOU EVER WANT TO RECEIVE IT .
 The way this company explains their shipping cost is not clear and I ended up paying more than half the cost of the lamp shade in shipping . When I received the lamp shade , I was terribly dissapointed in the quality . So I sent it back . Do n't waist your time .
 BEWARE !!! Just as the rest of the set that I ordered , the print on this lamp shade was n't the pretty shade of pink that it is shown to be . The ribbons around the top and bottom are , but not the print . It 's more of a bright acid-orange . Please use caution when buying this product !!! If you contact the seller about the return , all you will get is an automated response with a return form - over and over again.I had to file an Amazon A-Z Guarantee to get my money back.BEWARE !
 Wile I do love this lamp shade It it very hard to find a lamp that it fits . None of the lamps sold at home depot , lowes , target or walmart fit this shade properly . We got a lamp and screwed some plumbing hardware to it to hola the shade on . Beware when buying this . It is hard to find a lamp bace
 This lampshade appeared to be hand made when I bought it - no big deal . It arrived in a timely matter and had been shipped carefully . The adhesive that was used to fashion the shade ; however , is n't heat resistant . It 's a lamp shade , so I expect it to be able to manage whatever heat is given off by a regular light bulb . The fabric at the top of the shade has slid off , and after about 15 uses , my lampshade is worthless.Do not buy this shade !
 I am extremely disappointed with the Vintage French Pink Toile lamp Shade . The pattern is upside down and the quality is poor . I would not put it in my grand daughter 's bedroom . I wish to return it and have my money refunded . Please advise if you can assist me . I have never been disappointed with the quality of Amazon products until now . Hopefully , you can assist me in returning this product and restore my confidence in the products Amazon sponsors.Unhappy , Marguerite Verone
 While the product itslef is nice - and this may or may not be the fault of Miller Hme - the lamp shade came to me completely crushed and when I contacted fed ex - they said its not their responsibility . I also find that Miller home does not respond to customers emails .
 The lamp shade is nice and goes great with the rest of the set . Came perfectly packaged!Never have been able to find a base that it fits on ... So while it looks nice if you do n't have a lamp to go with it what is the point !?
 I never recieved this one either . I 'm very upset . wasted money . not buying from amazon again . delivered to door with no signing required , must have been stolen . No one would help me said it was my fault and I 'd have to pay again to recieve my items . NO THANK YOU !
 Material is too thin to look nice . When the sun is shining , you ca n't even see the design . Seems to be nicely constructed otherwise , but just does n't look that nice .
 I 'm sure this item would have been nice except that my mom never got it . I bought it as part of a surprise gift for my daughter and had it shipped to my mom because they wo n't ship to APO . It 's a shame that this company wo n't send stuff to the military families serving overseas , protecting their rights . Anywho , my mom never received any of the stuff and when I reported it to the company they pretty much called my mom a lier and told me that I was out of luck and was n't going to get my money back . Thank goodness that Amazon stepped in and gave me my money back , but now I am still stuck with out any bedding for my daughters new bed . SO , I am NOT happy and satisfied with this company and I will make sure to tell all my friends not to trust this company .
 Whoever came up with this design must have been an idiot . There is a reason umbrellas and most sun shades do n't curve upwards -- the reason is that you do n't want to get hit by the sun or rain when you are facing it ! This one appears to want to re-invent the wheel and of course fails miserably
 I saw this item in amazon and bought it . It did not fit the stroller . Both the stroller and the shade are from same company . I attempted to return it . I was directed to the company who refuse to honor Amazon 's return policy , Do not shop at mystrollers.com !
 The description says it works on most car seats . Well , it does n't work on the chicco car seat . I have tried tying it in many different ways , but have yet to be successful . It is so frustrating that my husband usually winds up having to walk away from the situation . I was very hopeful about this product , but have been entirely disappointed .
 In searching for a car seat I saw a Consumer Reports video that said their tests have shown this seat to be unsafe . They said that although the company claims its seat sits securely in the base , it did in fact eject the seat during Consumer Reports testing . Just be sure to do some serious research on this item before making the purchase as CR said to avoid it .
 The design is nice but when I washed it , the inside liner bunched up . It looked and feel like there 's a bunch of cotton on one side and the other does not have . I should 've not washed it . But you need to because it gets dirty .
 I loved the idea of this and had a vinyl one that came with my diaper bag . I was excited to get this one because it could fold up and go anywhere . However , it ripped the second time I washed it . These things are meant to be used and just thrown in the washer . I sewed it back up but it keeps coming apart at different locations - what a pain .
 In order to use this product effectively , you need a tub that has a specific type of faucet and water pressure . If your tub has a faucet with a narrow stream that does not get wider the further away the water falls from the faucet -LSB- think about twice the size of the standard kitchen faucet -RSB- , the product may work for you . You will also need medium water pressure -LSB- that 's enough to make your kitchen sink do fine but makes it difficut to get shampoo and conditioner out of your hair if you 're short -RSB- . If you do n't meet this criteria , find another solution . -LSB- I just fill the tub with my showerhead that has a great filter ! -RSB- I actually hated this product but rated it ` did n't like ' as I think it may have some limited usefullness for others .
 After using these sheets for one month , the corner ripped . This has n't happened with any other bedding I 've ever owned . I loved the pattern and was planning on making it a theme in my 2 year old 's room - so I was disappointed .
 I received my purchase the day before I left on a road trip , I am so glad I purchased multiple sheets from different places . This one came in and actually fits my sons full size crib . The description of this product is off
 I read all the reviews here , and it seemed about 10:1 positive to negative , and a lot of the negative reviews almost sounded like competitors pooh-poohing . Most of the allegedly ` superior ' products cant be bought in a store , but the Floppy seat can , for easy returns.I bought it and tried it . # 1 , you absolutely can not unbag this thing from its built in sack and put it on a shopping cart with one hand . If you can , I 'm impressed . I 'm a good sized guy and can handle the baby easily with one hand . Unless theres some magic trick to it that the instructions leave out , I would find it challenging to just remove the thing from its own sack with one hand . # 2 , the leg holes are absolutely , 100 % guaranteed too dang big . I put this in three different carts and the metal bars around where the baby 's legs go were exposed all around . He could easily grab several , his legs were touching them , and he could reach one with his mouth . Sort of completely invalidates the purpose of the thing . Now if he was a 3-4 year old kid , you 'd need leg holes that big . But then he 'd probably know enough not to put the cart parts in his mouth . In the cart where there was the least metal parts exposed , I spent half my time in the store tugging and yanking and stretching the fabric area near his legs to try to keep the cart parts covered.Its really nice though . Well padded , plenty of pockets and loops and all of that , stows in its own bag quite easily -LRB- with TWO hands -RRB- . I liked it . Wish the leg holes were about half the size they are or it had some kind of velcro 'd flap with smaller leg holes in it that you could remove when the baby got bigger .
 We bought this a while back as we thought it would be a great product to use in the grocery store with our youngest child . We quickly learned that it was not.It is very hard to get on the shopping cart because one side springs off while you are trying to get the other side on . NOT very convenient when you have an 18 month old you are trying to get situated and a 4 & 6 year old trying to take off in the store.The leg holes are entirely TOO BIG . My child 's legs would touch the cart 's bars & he would try to reach down and play with the metal . This totaly does not help me in trying to prevent my child from being in contact with the nasty germs on the shopping cart.Lastly , the little tote bag that comes with this is a joke . It is next to impossible to get the Floppy Seat in the bag when you want to pack it up.I wish I had done more research before buying this one as I have since spoken with other moms who have the same complaints with this product.My advice , DO N'T BUY THIS ONE . Do your homework & look around as there are many others out there that I am sure are way better than this one .
 I purchased the floppy seat for my daughter about 3wks ago and I fond it very hard to use with one hand . So I did some research online and found the buggy bag . I used it one time and loved it . It is very easy to use while holding my daughter . She likes it too . It is very soft and comes with a pillow and pockets to put stuff in .
 I bought the Floppy Seat when I realized that my teething baby girl was chewing on everything -- including the disgusting shopping cart handle ! Unfortunately the Floppy Seat drove me nuts . It was hard to unpack and install -LRB- and definitely not possible one-handed -RRB- , it did n't attach to the shopping cart -LRB- scary thought when shopping with an active toddler -RRB- , and it was even harder to repack into the `` convenient '' built-in bag -LRB- like stuffing a sausage casing by hand -RRB- . I also was n't fond of the garish fabric.After doing some research , I returned this product and purchased a Buggy Bagg . It was more expensive but completely worth it -- easier to use one-handed -LRB- and it really IS possible to use this product one-handed ! -RRB- , easier to take around -LRB- like a real tote -RRB- , more customizable with its many available fabrics , more convenient -LRB- with better pockets , toy loops and even a pillow -RRB- and , most importantly , much more safe -LRB- with attachments for my baby girl and to the shopping cart -RRB- . There is even a two-child version . Since using my Buggy Bagg I have had many moms and grandmas approach me saying , `` Ooh , I wish I knew a shopping cart cover like THAT was available when I bought mine ! `` For all of the reasons I would recommend the Buggy Bagg , I would have to not recommend the Floppy Seat . The Floppy Seat may be the original but newer products are better !
 I got both this shopping cart cover and the Buggy Bagg cover as gifts before my child was born . I decided to keep both , one for each car . Well after several uses with each I have to say that the Buggy Bagg is far superior to the Floppy . It has more cushion and covers the cart handle completely . The Floopy is very hard to set up with just one hand , actually impossible for me ! The Buggy BAgg is a breeze to set up . I would highly reommend the Buggy Bagg cover over the Floopy seat cover . It is worth every penny of the cost !!
 This seat does do a great job at cushioning and fully covering shopping carts -LRB- even big ones -RRB- and highchairs . BUT it is not the easiest thing to use . I can not put in on easily with one hand while holding my baby and I really can not get it in and out of the `` pouch '' without a struggle . It is fine when my husband is with me so one of us can do it with two hands . On a rainy day , I end up lugging the unfolded seat and my baby and purse into a store and then clumsily set the seat cover up while balancing my son . I do like it once it is on but honestly tend to leave it in the car because it is such a hassle to set up .
 This is another one of those great ideas but it just did n't work for us . Our 14 month old has been notorious for chewing on the cart since she was able to sit in the cart . That freaked me out and we went straight to the baby department to find a solution . Well we found the Floppy and a couple of solutions by Fisher Price . We opted for the Floppy because it seemed to do it all.Well the first time I used it -LRB- she was approx . 4 1/2 months -RRB- it was just me and our daughter . I had her , her bag and the Floppy which was pretty much as big as her bag ! Then I had to unfold this thing one handed because at the time our daughter could even stand on her own . It was a total nightmare to get this thing situated!Then it became very clear it was n't going to work on the carts at our supermarket . They are those flat rectangular carts and this thing was just too big for the seat area . While I was adjusting it one more time I realized to my horror that the red had faded all over her new Gymboree pants ! Needless to say I vowed never to use it again.Well my husband was determined not to waste yet another $ 40 bucks on a useless baby item so he decided we 'd try it again when he was with us . We went to 6 places that day and it did n't fit a single cart properly . She ended up laying in the seat and using it as a pillow most of the day . Then was tried it at dinner . I did seem to fit the highchair ok but it faded yet again ! This time it got her new Gap jeans!After that we gave up and took it back to the store . We exchanged it for the two Fisher Price covers that we looked at in the beginning . They both work great ! The cart cover fits every cart we have every come into contact with . And both are compact and easy to attach to the cart while holding an infant or now a very active toddler . They also cost alot less than he Floppy and neither has ever faded on her clothing .
 I just bought this shopping cart seat for my son recently . I thought this would be a perfect product . I was total wrong . If here allow me to choose no star , I will rate it no star.After using it only 1 time , I found this is totally not worth the money ! Yes , the padding is very comfortable . However , the leg holes are really oversized and it expose part of cart ! And my son was keep touching the metal part of the cart thur the leg holes !!! It defeat the whole purpose of using the shopping cart cover with a design like this!I will return the floppy seat as soon as possible . Please save you $ 39.99 .
 I purchased this Floppy seat to use for my 10 month old daughter . From the positive reviews on this site along with price , I decided to buy it . But the first time I tried putting it on the shopping cart , I found it quite difficult to get on . One side kept popping off while I tried to get the other side on.I was very disappointed as some of the reviews people gave about this product are simply not true . At least from my experience . I ended up taking the Floppy seat back & purchasing a slightly more expensive cart cover that was there . I am extremely happy with the other cover I purchased . The Floppy seat did not live up to it 's reviews & I was not impressed . I guess you get what you pay for these days .
 This Floppy Seat was a terrible waste of $ $ $ $ . It is very cumbersome to get on to the shopping cart & the very 1st time I washed it , it came apart . It is obviously made very cheaply & not worth the money.Take my advice & do n't waste your time or $ $ $ $ !
 I have never owned one of these , but I did see them in store at Babies ` rUs . I played around with it there , and then I read the reviews for it and saw people mentioning the BuggyBag . I looked at the BuggyBag online and I must say I was much more impressed with the BuggyBag and it 's features , so I ordered it . The BuggyBag is cushioned much better . You can actually unzip this one and put it in the cart while holding a baby . I practiced with this one at the store and I had a time using it . The BuggyBag has loops and holders for toys and cups/bottles . Also has zippered storage so you dont even need to bring your diaper bag in the store with you ! If you are going to spend this much money on a cart seat cover , spend a little bit more and get the BuggyBag . It 's well worth it and you 'll be glad you spent more !
 I loved this for about 3 months until I realized how unsafe it was when my 9 month old son fell out of the cart . Thankfully he was not seriously hurt . This has a saftey belt for the seat cover but there is no way for the seat cover to attach to the buggy . You need to by a `` buggy bagg '' . I found one for $ 52 online with no shipping charge . They are more expensive but it has a strap to attach it to the buggy , a strap to go around the child and velcro that attaches around the bar between their legs . It is worth the extra money not to have your child fall out .
 I absolutely loved the floppy seat until today . My 14 month old son some how fell out of the shopping cart with the floppy seat still attached -LRB- it was attached properly , I use the floppy seat at least 5xs a week -RRB- . I had one hand on the cart and was reaching for crackers with the other . I had my eye off him for one second to reach the shelf . The floppy seat and my son landed on the grocery store floor . Luckily he just has a bump on his head . I do not recomend this product , I believe it gives a false sense of security . If you use this seat please just remember my story and never take your eye off your baby .
 I was very excited to use this product . My 9 month old has been very sick and I was thinking this would be a way of cutting down on the amount of germs to which she is exposed . I am very careful about reading all directions and being cautious with everything she does . I read the directions and installed the Floppy Seat into the grocery cart . We were shopping and my daughter reached for a pear . I moved the cart just a touch away from the pear display and turned to respond to a question asked by a person next to me and I heard a thud and looked and my daughter was no longer in the cart , but lying on the ground . Luckily after an evaluation by the paramedics and a head CT , all she is left with is a large bruise on her face . I had a sense of security that was false and my small one paid the price . I do n't feel confident in recommending this product as it is now .
 Of course children should be protected from dirt and grime , but this is just overprotection . My daughter has , despite a watchful eye , managed to lick shopping cart handles , put lint in her mouth , eat leaves and various other things . None of these incidents have caused any ill effects . She is rarely sick and I think that is partly because she HAS been exposed to bacteria.The current trend in overprotection from germs and antibacterial soap mania can ultimately be harmful to children . Some exposure to germs is a good thing , as it builds up their immune systems . Antibacterial soaps simply encourage the bacteria to mutate into resistant strains , and then what will we do?Let the kids become dirty now and then . It 's part of being kids . Exploring the world and getting -LSB- ... -RSB- all over yourself is part of a child 's development process . Just make sure their hands are washed before meals and clean them up every so often.Or are you telling you never came home with scuffed knees , bruises and covered in mud when you were a kid ? Remember how much fun that was ?
 I purchased this for my oldest dd before she was born . I used it a few times from 6 to 9 months until she was able to stand up , which she did . There is only a little lap belt , not a five point harness . She almost fell out . So I purchased a different car seat cover with a five point harness -LRB- Shop n Dine -RRB- that did n't neccesarily cover the whole seat -LRB- it covers a lot of it though , and it kept her in -RRB- Then I tried the Floppy again with my second dd . AT 12 months she actually stood up and fell out of the shopping cart with Floppy in it . I pulled the belt as tight as I could and I was no more than two feet away . She needed a CT scan of her head at the hospital . I felt so guilty because I did not use the 5 point harness one.Of course you should be germ phobic , but it is much more likely for a child of this age to get hurt or killed from a fall , than killed from a germ . I 'm going with safety . I would never dream of purchasing a stroller without a 5 point harness , and that 's much closer to the ground . Why put your kid up so high without being properly secured ? The little lap belt will not keep active children in.This would be perfect if it had a five point harness .
 I tried four different cart covers in the store with my 10-month-old son . The Floppy was awful . It was just too huge ! The leg holes are way too large . It was just annoying . Skip it and get either the Safari Cart Cover with Microban by Infantino -LRB- $ 40 BRU -RRB- or the Buggy Bagg -LRB- $ 60 BRU -RRB- . I got the Buggy Bagg and I love it ; have used it seven times in a mere two weeks . It also works as a high chair cover . It is expensive but worth the price .
 After extensive research -LRB- both in-store and online -RRB- , I made my decision for this investment . The Burdick Baby site offers a complete comparison chart of all cart covers on the market today . I chose the Buggy Bagg . It has a detachable pillow and offers the most fabric coverage to cover wherever my son wants to explore . It only takes 30 seconds to set up with one-hand operation , to fit shopping cart and highchair . I was pleasantly surprised how cushy the batting is . The Twingles site offers an ingenius tray to attach to the highchair , since most chairs do n't reach the table at restaurants . It also works beautifully with the Buggy Bagg cover-These two items install very quickly without any guesswork .
 I found this product to be extremely bulky . It is hard to maneuver by yourself in the store . I had a very difficult time holding my 8 month old and trying to assemble the seat cover into the grocery cart . I would not recommend this product and have found it easier to carry antibacterial wipes in my purse and wipe down the carts and baby seats available in shopping carts . I found this to be a royal waste of money !!
 I purchased a Floppy Seat here in Hawaii at Toys R Us . When I bought it and left the store , I tried it out at my next stop -LRB- W-Mart -RRB- . I hated it . It was extremely hard to get on the cart & does n't fit very well over the large shopping buggys we have here.The leg holes are very big too . The bars between my child 's legs were exposed . I agree with the lady below who said that this does defeat the purpose of keeping children safe from germs . I am surprised that it does this as I would think that is the dirtiest part of the shopping cart that we would want to cover up . Right?As I went in the store , I saw a mother shopping with her little boy . Their shopping cart cover looked awesome . I could n't help but to stop and ask what it was & where she got it from . She said it was a BUGGY BAGG and she bought it from a lady here in Hawaii . I was so happy when she gave me that lady 's info . That very day I took the Floppy Seat back to Toys R Us , contacted that lady and bought a BUGGY BAGG.The Buggy Bagg is great ! It covers absolutely every inch of the shopping cart . It even has little velcro pads that go around the leg bars to completely cover them . I love that ! Also , it has many other cool things about it like a pillow , bottle holders , zippered pockets . It is so so cool . I wish I would have found the Buggy Bagg before wasting my time with the Flopppy Seat . The BUGGY BAGG is by far a way better cart cover .
 I have two Bumble Bags . I ordered this one as a gift . The blue paisley arrived and it was not the same bag ! The quality was awful and design was different . It was cheaply made . Not like the real BB bags . Buyer Beware ! I believe these are knock off 's .
 I searched for a diaper bag and thought that this would be `` the one '' . First off it is soft and the material is really cute , however , the material is very soft and the bag has no structure . You have to use two hands to get anything out of it . Another thing I did n't like is the quality of the bag . I am comparing it to a Ju-Ju-Be bag that I did end up with . I unwrapped this bag and held it for a minute then wrapped it up and took it to the PO to send it back . I would not recommend this bag .
 i wonder it this is the `` real '' jessica bumble bag . i had bought this bag from another site and totally loved loved loved it . then i had ordered this from amazon at 1/2 of the price i paid at another site for my sister , but when she received it , it was n't the same quality as mine . the bag felt flimsy , poor sewing/construction and poor hardware . it 's definitely not the same as my previous bag that i had purchased from another site . so i wonder if i got a `` fake '' one fro 1/2 of the price . i knew it was too good to be true ...
 This is an older version of the Jessica bag . It is not the one currently in production from Bumble Bags . I purchased it , then returned it after receiving the package . There is only one magnetic snap to close the entire bag . It does not have the internal zipper , stroller straps , back zipper pocket or bottle holder pockets that are available on the updated models . Do n't waste your money on this !
 I was initially excited to get this product at my shower . It seems perfect and the reviews are great . However , the hospital would not let us leave with it installed in our infant carseat . They said that it makes the carseat unsafe because it slides around too much . It is the hospital 's policy to warn against Bundle Me 's and similar products , so I returned mine . I suppose you could still use it on the stroller , but since I use the carseat that snaps onto the stroller , I would only be able to use the Bundle Me next winter and then only for a few months . For me , this product did not make sense .
 You must not use any aftermarket products with your car seats . This item is particularly DANGEROUS because it adds cushion between the baby and the straps . In a crash the cushion can compress and cause your baby to be INJURED OR EJECTED from the seat . Please use blankets or covers overtop . Your children should not have anything between them and the car seat except for a single layer of clothing because that is how the child retraints are tested and certified .
 I bought this product for my infant and when I went to the fire station to have the seat installed -LRB- with the bundle me in it -RRB- the fireman told me that this product should not be used ! He explained that it interferred with the harness and if we were in a crash the baby could come flying out or have serious injuries !! I would n't recommend it but I would recommend the shower-cap style covers that do n't go behind the baby but just over the outside of the infant seat .
 I registered and received this gift for my baby shower . I put it on the car seat and was looking forward to bringing my baby home in it . Fortunately , my hospital has a car seat safety inspection station and they told me to take the Bundle Me off immediately . They say because the Bundle Me goes under the baby it interferes with the safety restraints . The straps that go around the baby may appear to be tight , but the Bundle Me may actually bunched up under the straps and therefore the restraints are n't as tight as they should be . Then God-forbid there was an accident , the force could cause the Bundle Me to shift -- loosening the restraints and baby could come lose . Kinda defeats the purpose of a car seat if you ask me . When there are so many safe covers -LRB- the ones that are elastic and go over the car seat , but not under the baby -- for example the Eddie Bauer Carrier Cover , which is what we ended up with -RRB- , why take the chance ? I 'd rather error on the side of safety .
 I keep looking but I can not find a safe car seat cover anywhere that is warm . I wish manufacturers would make them so people who car about their child 's safety will buy one . Anything that goes between the child and the carseat should not be used as it can interfere with the car seats safety , the bottom part of this goes between the child and the car seat and therefore this product should not be bought.I am still in search of a warm car seat cover that meets these standards .
 As a car seat technician this product and others like it make me cringe ! To use one of these is to risk your child 's life in a collision . Nothing should ever go below your child in a car seat and nothing should ever touch the harness but the child . Use blankets OVER your child not under them .
 I returned the product . It is way too bulky to add to a car seat . I brought the car seat with the Bundle Me installed to my local fire department for inspection of proper installation . My husband got an `` A '' for proper car seat installation . I got an `` F '' for having this product in the car seat . It has too much cushion , causing too much give in the event of an accident . The inspector told us to get rid of it . Perhaps this product is good for a stroller ?
 I would be very careful when purchasing this ! This product is made of very good material -LRB- heck , I 'd like to be bundled in one myself ! -RRB- it is soft , washable and looks great . The downside is that you should not be putting anything between the baby and the carseat because the carseat was not crash tested in such a manner . Additionally , we have a Britax infant seat and because of the additional head support used in that carseat , there is barely any room for my daughters head and she 's only 8 weeks old ! Sadly , we are returning this product and we 're going to try one of the covers that only goes over the seat .
 I bought this for my baby cause everyone else seems to own them in CO. . I used a `` shower cap '' cover with my first but it was cumbersome so thought I 'd `` upgrade '' with my second . The Bundle Me is a great idea and I liked that the cover zipped off and on easily as CO has crazy weather - 60 and sunny one day and cold and snowy the next . But my son is too wiggly for it . As soon as I zip it up on him he wiggles and pulls the cover down and has even managed to kick his feet out of it . I 've tried tucking it in but it 's too bulky to stay tucked in . In my opinion it 's not worth the money and a blanket works better at keeping my son warm .
 Before using this product , I washed it according to the label 's directions . When I removed it from the washer , it was in 2 pieces !! Also , the velcro came detached from the fabric and it was ripped and frayed . It looked like a dog attacked it , no joke !
 This is a great invention however it does not pass car inspection . Please be safe and do not use this or any other product that comes between your baby and the infant restraints . If you care about your baby use something that fits over the top of the car seat and not under the baby or under the straps . . NOT SAFE ! I had to return mine after inspection when it failed . . I was just not willing to take the risk so I bought the Eddie Bauer cover .
 American Academy of Pediatrics say they do not recommend using this because it has not been tested in the carseat in which it will be used , and it is considered an after-market product .
 My public health nurse , trained in carseat safety , told me that this product is totally unsafe for use in a carseat . I wound up using the bottom half on my bouncy seat , even though I 've read that babies should n't sleep upon such thick material , I 'll be darned to let my money go to waste and not use this thing at all !
 I was really excited to use this item since my son was born in December but it was so diffuclt to figure out how it fits on to the car seat I just gave up and returned it .
 My Bundle Me seemed great for about a month , then the plastic teeth on the zipper broke off and I can no longer zip it . It was also cumbersome to transfer it from one car seat to another . Leaving it in the infant seat was fine , but now that we are using a larger car seat , it is not convenient to transfer , especially when it comes undone with no zipper !
 This item is both difficult to apply to a car seat and awful to clean . The fact that one would have to totally dissemble the car seat straps and headrest in order to apply this cover and then remove it for simple cleaning tells the tale . I would question the willingness of car seat manufacturers to continue to insure the safety of any infant in a seat that has been tampered with . In addition , the cushioning is too much for a small baby . The straps can not be securely fastened.I really wanted a simple yet warm cover - obviously not this -- I will be returning this item .
 Edited to add ~ I came across one of these -LRB- they 're actually made in my state ~ I put it -LRB- Bundle Me Big -RRB- in my daughter 's Britax seat and I did n't like how it pinched the shoulder harness and pulled them out wider than they should be . So I cut out a section of the back so there 's nothing behind her back and we 're good to go ~ I 'll try posting a foto of what I did -RRB- I 'd give this item 0 stars if I could ~ Why ??? Because this item like any other puffy item -LRB- including thick coats and buntings -RRB- behind baby in a car seat would `` compress '' in a wreck and the harness would then be loose on baby causing possible ejection from the seat/car . Please do n't use this ~ car seat covers that just go over the seat are fine.Shannon ~ A concerned parent and car seat geek !
 1 star because it will cover your baby.but to much $ $ . poor quality -LRB- -LRB- looks cheap -RRB- -RRB-
 The fleece -LRB- polyester -RRB- that lines the inside comes off so easily . My little one had it all over her hands . I did n't want her to swallow it or inhale it so I sent it back . I use the Bundle Me Lite and that works great ... no fuzzies that come off .
 We received this as a shower gift , but returned it . We 'd already taken it off our registery after being told that our hospital -LRB- Mass General -RRB- will not allow you to leave the hospital with a BundleMe in the carseat -LRB- or any other carseat accessory , honestly -RRB- . A well-meaning friend gave us one anyway , she could n't believe we 'd `` missed '' putting it on there.I ca n't see using something that my healthcare provider -LRB- and local police station -RRB- deems less-than-safe . You 'll see a lot of one-star reviews due to this same issue ... and oddly , a lot of , `` Oh yeah , well , what do a bunch of nurses and safety `` experts '' know -- this has been crash tested ! '' That 's fine if that makes you feel better , but knowing that it 's not recommended by the place I choose to bring my baby into this world ... yeah . That 's good enough for me .
 Our baby was born in December . We live in Colorado and wanted something to keep the wind and snow off her when outside . Thought Bundle Me was perfect solution.Looked cozy and convenient in pictures and in the store . Found it to be impractical and actually , unsafe . We have an Evenflo five-point restraint infant seat . The padding underneath was much too bulky casuing the harness straps to not fit properly . Tried and tried to get a good fit all to no avail . Returned this item and have since learned it is not recommended to have any bulky padding between child and car seat . Purchased a much more affordable car seat cover that just goes over the top . Works beautifully . Save your money and peace of mind . Do n't buy this product .
 Our daughter was in the NICU and before we left , she had to have a car seat challenge . When we brought in her car seat , we had the bundleme in it and we had to take it out as it was a safety hazard . These are not safe for any child as they are made post manufacturing of your car seat , and therefore have not been safety tested with your car seat . Many infant carriers/car seat warranties will be voided if you are in a wreck and using a bundleme or other type of infant ` blanket ' that goes between your child and the car seat .
 I just had a carseat safty technition come to my house to check the safty of my carseat and the first thing she did was take this carseat cover off ! she said that in an accident , the fabric would squish down really thin and then the seat belt would no longer be tight on the baby . This is very dangerous . She recommended the fleece covers that only go over the TOP of the seat . She said nothing should be between the baby and the seat -LRB- except a fleece bunting and the carseat cover that the seat comes with -RRB- . I live in interior Alaska so it 's pretty darn cold here and my baby does fine with a thick fleece bunting with a warm blanket over after buckling the seat in .
 These products are not safe ! You should NEVER put any type of product between your baby and the back of the seat . In a crash , the fabrics will compress and your child will not be in the seat as tight as possible . Look for a product that covers the seat more like a shower cap . They are out there !
 when we put our baby in his infant carrier to leave the hospital , we had the bundle me in place as it was January . They would not let us leave the hospital with the bundle me because they said it was unsafe as it could compress in an accident , making the straps effectively looser on the baby . They recommended putting blankets on top of the baby . Save your money -- plain old blankets work just fine and then can be used at whatever location you are taking your baby to . We kept ours for the stroller and find that useful , but it is so bulky up top that it seems to be always either in his face , or folded down in such a way that it looks like his chest will get cold .
 Tike Tech represents to retailers that this stroller is 26 pounds . When I received it , I could n't believe the beast I unpacked . Took both tots out twice in it , once to the beach and once on a neighborhood walk . The beach area was fairly flat , so not terrible to push , but the buckles were so cheap and difficult to adjust , that I gave up on buckling my tots in and relied on the safety bar instead . Found out soon that the safety bar is a major chore to remove , so could n't let my children climb up themselves , though they tried to slide down and out under bar to get out but got stuck . The sunshades were so stiff that they continually detached from stroller frame when adjusting . Both tots complained of being uncomfortable in seats . My son said he wanted to use the yellow stroller next time instead -LRB- the Bob Duallie Ironman that we also have -RRB- . On our second outing in the Trax360 , we took a walk in neighborhood to the gym . I was shocked at how hard it was to push up one of the small hills nearby where we live -LRB- granted , we live in San Francisco -RRB- . But I knew something was wrong , because my Ironman and my Phil & Teds is not the same chore on the same hill . Sure enough , I put the stroller on the scale , and it 's a 40 pounder ! It 's advertised at 26 pounds , and that 's over 10 pounds of unethical advertising discrepancy . I had also previously purchased for my first tot when a small baby , a Schwinn Everyday Stroller -LRB- made and distributed by Instep -RRB- , that was also mis-advertised at 16 lbs , when in fact it was 28 lbs - wow ! Very disappointed in ethics of company -LRB- the way they do this is by omitting the weight of the wheels and all removable accessories , and just provide weight of the stroller frame -RRB- . At least I knew to get mine through Target , just in case , so was able to just return to local store -LRB- even though customer service complained about it looking `` used '' -RRB- . Sorry , if it 's defective , it 's defective , and also it 's not as advertised . For $ 400 , I expect to get something I can use . Lately I 've just been using the Phil & Teds Buggy to tote both tots around on my own . Did n't think they would like being tandem , but they love it . Avoid the Tike Tech brand .
 One of the worst purchases I 've ever made . The stroller will not work without inflating the tires , and guess what ? They are impossible to inflate ! The design of this stroller is so poor so as to make it actually unusable . It 's a shame there are products like this on the market . It is especially infuriating given the large price tag . I wish I could more eloquent in my loathing of this piece of junk , but having flushed $ 400 down the toilet has me at a loss for words .
 I bought a full layette of Baby Love diapers -LRB- 36 -RRB- for my first child in 2008 , and was quite happy with them . They did n't leak too much and my daughter never got rashes from them . I never stripped the diapers and use a standard top loading washer/front loading dryer and Ecos detergent for laundering.My older daughter potty trained at 3 years old , and at that point , the diapers were starting to have velcro issues . Tabs were starting to fall off and the velcro strips that the tabs attach to were starting to bunch up . Both made diapers hard to stay on . I emailed the company , which responded with a very nice phone call , but basically I was told the layette is supposed to last one child.One major reason I went with cloth diapering was to be able to use the diapers for more than one child . I have at least 5 friends who cloth diaper their children , and none of their cloth diapers -LRB- non-Baby Love -RRB- have issues after one child . While I appreciated the follow up , I was not satisfied with the solutions offered
 My daughter could not use these as I have figured out that with all soft sippy cups she lets the liquid come right back out !! No clue why and my nephew did the same thing . I had to find a semi hard sippy cup -LRB- playtex -RRB- so she didnt make a mess .
 This Nuby sippy cup is described as having both a single valve and the dual valve , these are two different Nuby products . The cup pictured actually has the single valve which is the silicone spout . This soft spout is great for the younger baby just leaning how to sip , but you 'll need to move on to a hard spout.Why?It will leak . And your child will figure out how to make the liquid flow freely by turning it upside down and pressing on any flat surface .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !! My mom bought this for my daughter to use at her house and after a few washes the spout stopped working . My mom tried to suck on it to see why the spout was n't working and got a mouth full of mold . It was so disgusting . I am so glad my mom checks everything before giving it to my daughter . I would not ever recommend this product to any body .
 My son who is 16 mo. loves these Nuby `` No Leak '' cups ... well they do leak when on thier side and the `` tear resistant '' nipples do tear . My son tore the plastic at the opening of the valve just from sucking on it . So not only did it spill everywhere but he also endned up getting to much fluid and either began to choke or wore what he was drinking . But they are great when you are switching over from a bottle and when they are teething .
 It 'd be one thing if this product leaked a little here and there . NO ! Every nuby product I 've purchased or was given to me as a gift - including this one - leaked ALL the contents anytime it was on it 's side.It soaked my carpets and spilled all over our tile.I would n't recommend ANY nuby product to anyone .
 This seems like a good idea ; if you are not common sensed enought o use a REAL wrap . FYI a real wrap is any big enough piece of fabric with no buckles , strpas or rings.If you go with a real wrap you are not limited to five -LRB- wow , 5 ? -RRB- positions . How boring ! I have probably used at least 10 different position with my daughter in the past 3 months , and there are so many I have n't even tried yet.If you use a wrap correctly , then you distribute babies wait properly and can wear her all day without worrying about strain or pain ; and it is so simple to put baby on , take off , or switch from one position to another . I never dread moving her around . I wear my baby so she can be happy ; and she is so happy other parents have asked me if my baby EVER cries -LRB- not really -RRB- because she always is so happy and content being worn.I think this product is a waste , but htat figures from a mainstream store that only sells structures carriers , which FYI have been shown to not be safe for babies as they can lead to spine damage.I only want the best for my baby ; and a simple sheet would be better than this thing . Go tobabywearer.com and you 'll find so many better , safer options for your precious baby .
 I used this sling with my third child . If you watch the little video they give you with the wrap , it 's easy to figure out how to use it . The problem is , when you start to put it on , it 's one LOOONG piece of material -- the `` tails '' drag on the ground until you get it wrapped around you . So I never bothered wearing it outside the house , because unless I planned to keep it on all day , I would have to deal with the wrap getting dirty when I went to put it on.I personally found this carrier to be more comfortable to wear than the BabyBjorn , which I used with my first two children . However , by the time my baby was 4 months old , the stretchy fabric could n't support his weight well enough and he would constantly slump down and I 'd have to hoist him up to readjust the wrap . I 'd have to readjust it at least every 5 minutes . So I just put it away and never used it again after that point . So the sling does have some bonuses , but I do n't think it 's worth the money .
 I purchased this because it was so highly rated online , even though I was wary of this style carrier . After several attempts of use , neither I nor my 8 week old felt very secure with it . The concept made sense , and the material is nice , but I never felt comfortable with her in it , and neither did she .
 I bought this wrap based on the praise it received . But I think it is way too expensive for what it is . It is also time consuming and cumbersome to put on . You do get the hang of it but it still takes time to get it just right and drags the floor in the process . Also my 18 month old did n't seem that safe in it . I felt like he was about to fall out all the time . And I wondered if the bunched material under his butt and back hurt him . It pulls up on your shirt so make sure you wear a long one ! And it left black looking fuzz all over my hands and clothes every time I touched it . I washed it several times and even lint rolled it and it still did n't help . It 's also made of a thick t-shirt like material and made me and my son hot . The only thing about it I liked was that it did n't hurt my back or neck like other baby carriers.I am still on the search for the perfect baby carrier ...
 I loved this wrap conceptually -- believed the hype on Amazon and even saw a story on People mag about its creators . However , when it came time for me to get my wriggly little girl in the midst of a meltdown in it while I was alone , it was impossible . Plus , it 's been in the high 80s/low 90s for what seems to be forever -- swaddling myself in 18 feet of T-shirt material is not my idea of a good time.Put your money toward a Baby Bjorn Sport if you want the extra support .
 I did n't really use this so it was a waste of money . It took too long to wrap it around the body and get it on just right . Would not recommed to anyone . It was comfy to wear though .
 I tried this one and had to return it as the fit was not good . The ones at www.greatbabyproducts.com work great and the prices are better than anywhere I 've seen ! Thought I should mention it .
 I purchased the Ultimate Baby Wrap because of the glowing reviews I saw here , and after trying it a few times , I am a little disappointed .1 . It is not easy to get on - lots of crossing fabric behind you , in front of you , etc. 2 . It is hard to get it tight enough to securely hold the baby .3 . It is hot.The video was good - very nice to see how to use the product .
 I also bought into the glowing reviews on amazon and the concept , and while the wrap worked OK for the first few weeks of my daughter 's life , she kept sliding down my chest in it - in order to prevent this , I had to tighten it so much that it was no longer very comfortable to wear . Not to mention it 's a pain to wrap it around you every time , especially if you 're not on a clean floor -LRB- the wrap ends will often drape on the floor/ground and get dirty while you tie it around you -RRB- . It 's so much easier to have a baby bjorn or other carrier to slip over you in an instant.Another bad thing is - if baby falls asleep in it , I could never remove her from it without waking her.And as the other lady on this site commented - it is unusable in the summertime
 I bought this product when my daughter was about one month old because she was too small for the tradtional carriers . It looked really great in the pictures , but when you put it on it just squeezes you in all the wrong places . My main complaint though was that my baby did n't take to it as much as I would have hoped and I might have tried harder to get her used to it , but the darn thing was so time consuming and complicated to put on that it just did n't seem worth it . My advice to parents looking for a great baby carrier is to get a tradtional cloth sling . I found mine online for less money , it 's easy to use , just as versatile as this product and my daughter loves it . I carry her in it everywhere I go .
 Disappointing - not worth $ 40 . Did n't realize it 's just a long cloth you wrap around and around your torso that takes a long time to put on , esp while the baby is crying . I find I still need to use one hand to support my newborn 's head , so it 's not that helpful . However , it does do a good job of distributing baby 's weight and minimizing backaches . I just got a baby sling -LRB- posh papoose -RRB- that 's much more convenient - arrived in the box assembled and ready to go . Sorry to be critical but do n't feel this product is worth your money - better spent with a Snugli or a sling .
 I paid extra shipping to receive this item . I could n't wait for it 's arrival - even after reading some reviews that it was cumbersome . I did n't measure , but imagine approximately 20 feet of material that you must wrap around your body . That is what you must do to use this item . Is it `` difficult '' ? No . But it is quite a pain . What 's worse is that because it is stretchy material , it stretches the longer you wear it . I do not trust it to support my baby -- and there is definitely no head support for little ones when inward facing . The sling causes other issues . Once it 's tight enough to hold baby somewhere * above * your waist , there 's no room for baby to be comfortable.This item freed up one hand -- at best . I could have managed the cumbersome `` application , '' but the end result is n't even satisfactory . I am very disappointed in this product -- no wonder I could n't find it in stores .
 This wrap is easy to use & fairly comfortable , except that you are constantly having to adjust it tighter . The pocket in the front seems great at first , but then starts creating little holes in the wrap at the pockets corners . My 10 pound baby bounced more than could be safe , & gradually sagged lower and lower , requiring constant tightening.I returned it & ordered an Ellaroo from Peppermint.com -- it is so much more comfortable & more secure , the baby does n't bounce or sag , and it 's beautiful .
 ** UPDATE ** I love this type of wrap for the reasons I explain in my original review , below , but I have found a better wrap that does not have the problem I had with the Ultimate Baby Wrap , which was that it would get loose and cause my baby to hang too low . The Sleepy Wrap is made of much better material that stays taut and supports your baby much better ! ** ORIGINAL REVIEW ** The ultimate baby wrap is so easy to throw on for errands and pop my daughter in and out at each stop . On a recent trip I wore it all weekend and it was so nice and easy . My shoulders did start getting sore after wearing my baby for several hours , but she is 22 pounds and I usually do n't wear her that long anyway . I love the pocket . I put my keys and cell phone in there when we go out for a walk . The only drawback is that after a few wearing sessions it stretches out and my baby hangs low , but I just wash and dry it to get it snug again . Not sure if I 'm supposed to wash AND dry it , but I do regularly and it 's held up well for a long time . Just recently I did notice it tearing a bit where the pocket is sewn on . When I wear my baby it does stretch that area quite a bit , and like I said I wash and dry it a lot which is n't that great for any fabric .
 I bought this wrap when my daughter was 5 weeks old and it does not have the head support that a young infant needs . It was n't as hard to put on as I thought from the other reviews . I will try it again in a few months .
 The picture does not show the true nature of this item . It is a body wrap difficult to put on
 I just bought this today , granted for my older son so it may be great with newborns , but I have a 13 mo old -LRB- he is really little -RRB- and is n't walking yet and loves to be held so I thought this might make it easier to carry him and it holds up to 35lbs . Well he was n't comfortable , it took me watching the dvd a few times to get it on correctly and its hard to smooth out the material like it shows in the pic . Its just not comfortable for bigger kids like it claims . I will be returning mine first thing tomorrow and with the next baby I will be ordering a sling from another company when we have our next baby , which we will be doing AP -LRB- attatchemt parenting -RRB- with , I was hoping this one would be better and I could use it but no
 This product looks cool and the fabric is comfortable . However , I do n't have the patience to wear this . It took so long before I got my baby in it .
 This baby wrap is so complicated ! I have had it for three weeks and still do n't know how to use it . The instructional video is no help either ! Do n't waste your money !
 what a pain to use ! who wants or can spend all the time needed to properly attach this item to yourself and still take care of your sweetie ? can not seem to get it to wrap tight enough to make me feel secure to tote bubbies around . i would not buy this item if i where you .
 Do n't bother with this one . It 's too complicated to put on .
 I had lower back surgery and thought this product would be the greatest . It fits comfortably when you eventually get it on but I found because of the Jersey material it starts to droop lower and lower regardless of how tight you have it . After 30 minutes of walking around my house my baby -LRB- 15 pounds -RRB- was around my navel and crying .
 I bought this while pregnant with my third child . I wore my second child in it even while pregnant and it worked okay . Just for fun I even wore my oldest child in it to see how it felt since she was four at the time.When my baby was born , I tried wearing him and while it was great for breastfeeding , unfortunately the material would stretch and my baby would sink lower and lower until he was in a ball at my pelvis.THEN one day I put it on to wear it on a walking trip and MY INFANT FELL OUT of the Ultimate Baby Wrap . I knew how to put the thing on . I 'd been doing it for 6 months by this time . That was not the problem . Thankfully , my hands were up by him and my friend was standing next to me and we caught him . I took the wrap off immediately and got rid of it.I love to wear my babies and still wear the younger two , but I will NOT do it in an Ultimate Baby Wrap .
 I hate my Ultimate Baby Wrap . Sure , it 's very comfortable to wear , but I have trouble keeping my baby in it securely . If I do anything more than walk around at a leisurely pace , I have to hang onto him with one hand to keep him from falling out . And I never did figure out the sling carry when he was younger.I have a very active lifestyle and often need to strap my baby onto me just to be able to get the things done that I have to do , like feed my horses . These things are next to impossible in this carrier . I have a Kozy carrier that I totally love and would recommend to anybody . I can do anything I want , even bend over , without fear of my baby falling out . It 's just as comfortable as the UBW , just as flexible in the variety of carries you can accomplish , it 's quicker to put on , and cooler to wear . I 've been using the Kozy succesfully since my baby was a week old.I purchased the UBW to try after reading all the great reviews on here . I expected great things , but have been very disappointed by the reality .
 This item is too complicated . I was so excited and bought this item . The cloth touches the floor when you use it , not hygenic . The sleep/nursing position , by the time your baby sleeps and you decide to move the baby to her crib , baby will wake up because to remove her from the wrap will wake her up . Too many cloth , too complicated
 To be fair we did n't have this for long . We tried the carrier on 16 month old -LRB- at that time -RRB- and it took to look to put on and immediately began to sag . I wanted mainly for a sling , so that in public I could nurse without attracting to much attention , but it was too long and too much of a hassle to put it on so we returned it . I have yet to fine one that will fit and still be a reasonable price .
 I bought this because of all of the great reviews , the price , and because it looked comfortable and stylish . I watched the video and did not have any problems putting the wrap on in less than a minute . I did however have problems with two out of five positions that it advertises . When I put my baby in it facing out , his circulation in his legs always gets cut off . If I loosen the straps , I feel like he 's going to fall out . I was terrified when my husband noticed that his legs were turning blue ! I also hate the sling position . You are supposed to be able to nurse in the sling , but it is impossible ! Same problem , it 's always too tight and he 's suffocated or too loose and you have to hold his head the whole time . I do like the wrap for the facing in position , but that 's it for now . I will be buying another carrier .
 Was excited to get this product initially . I liked the concept but very hard to get it right the first time . Needs multiple attempts and even then , does not secure the baby tight at times . Not good for new first time moms or for elderly who wants to use it for ease . I found this to be an expensive long piece of cloth.I also found it difficult to return this product back because Babies R Us store does nto carry them and therefore they refuse to take it back . I lost money on shipping and handling.I wish they develop this product in such a way that it needs minimum handling .
 I absolutely hate this carrier ! Baby does not feel secure in it at all . My baby is only 9 pounds and I ca n't even imagine trying to put a large baby in it . I tried to use it on several occasions and every time she began to slip further down my chest . I never trusted it and always had to hold onto it with one hand . I watched the instructional video and even had my husband try it out to make sure that I was putting it on correctly . Save your money and buy a better carrier !
 Despite that fact that two friends returned the Ultimate Baby Wrap , we thought we 'd give it a try . The video was interesting , but difficult to emulate . The wrap never quite looked like the pictures . Our baby was not adequately supported either . The wrap just squished him up . The wrap went back to the store .
 I read a lot of reviews for a baby sling and thought that this one was given the best review , so I bought it . I got it and when I opened it was assaulted by the toxic-smelling cloth . I tried to keep an open mind , and then tried to put the thing on . The other reviewers are right -- you need to be a Houdini to put this thing on properly . I finally got the thing on me , and by this time was sweating up a storm -LRB- I live in Colorado and in January it 's very cold here - I can not imagine trying to put this thing on or wear it if you live in a warmer climate -RRB- . I managed to get my 3 week old baby into the thing but he was almost suffocated by the excessive cloth , and most of all , was being poisoned by the toxic-smelling fabric that the thing was made of . I returned it after trying it again and not being able to take the smell , as well as getting frustrated again by the design . I 'm going to try the babysling that comes in organic cotton -LRB- www.babysling.com -RRB- .
 This was n't as good as I had expected . It 's difficult to wrap around your body and make it fit comfortably , and then trying to place a wiggling child in it was even worse ! I 'm looking into purchasing something easier to use , like a Baby Bjorn . It would be worth paying a little more . You get what you pay for ...
 We bought this carrier after a few recommendations from friends that have used this item . I was also attracted to the many different positions for carrying the baby . After taking it home and trying this baby wrap we were quite disappointed . The material is so long that it has to drag on the floor in order to wrap it and of course it will get dirt on it from dragging on the floor which will be on the baby and yourself . Not to sterile . The carrier does not seem secure at all in any position . Not safe for the baby the product is to flimsy and can move and the baby can fall out . Get a regular carrier that works for you but make sure you try them on at the store to get a better idea of how it fits on your body and where babys head will end up being . Since a lot of the cariers do not accomodate shorter peolpe like myself of 5 ' 3 '' .
 The wrap is what they say , soft and comfortable . The problem for me was as a Baby Bjorn user , I had the idea from the picture that it was a more fitted item . I did n't realize that I 'd have to wrap about 7 feet of cloth around me in order to use it . This had my husband laughing when I explained I paid $ 40 for a long piece of cloth . To put it on , it means draping most of it on the ground while wrapping begins . Not something to do in a store , parking lot , or even on my kitchen floor . The upshot is that you can abosrb up all manner spills off the floor while putting your baby on . Fabulous !
 Recieved this as a gift , yesterday , will be returning it today . Comes with a video , because to actually USE it is so convoluted , not to mention , time-consuming . If you have a crying baby , spending 10 minutes trying to wrap this GIGANTIC piece of heavy cloth around yourself is n't going to work.Not to mention , I used the directions twice to wrap the thing , and both times , the stuffed animal I placed in it FELL OUT . It is also VERY thick cloth and is extrememly hot.SO , if you are in a hurry and make a small miscalulation with the tension of the wrap , you will eather drop the child out of the bottom , OR smother the baby . NO THANKS , Ill go for a Baby Bjorn .
 I bought this product based on the reviews of other people and I hated it . I have a lower back problem and thought this would give me the support I needed with the least amount of shoulder pressure . I was never able to get the wrap to fit correctly and if you 're lucky enough to get a video that is n't bouncing around so you can see how to put on the wrap congratulations to you -LRB- tried video on three VCR 's -RRB- . I attempted several times putting my daughter in the wrap and her head would lull around and she 'd scream . I sent the product back and bought the $ 19.99 from a competitor and could n't be happier .
 My husband and I are smart people , but even after reading the instructions and following them closely , I do n't think we ever got this to work correctly . We tried it when our daughter was 1-2 months old and no matter which way we had her in the carrier , she hated it . We never tried another carrier , so I do n't have a point of comparison , but we hated this one so much , that we brought it back to the store .
 Too complicated , too long , too frustrating . Who has time , especially with a new baby .
 First of all , I have never written a review before , but this product is so horrible that I feel the need to warn people about it ! Here are my reasons :1 . It is so long that when you try and put it on it is almost impossible to keep it from touching the floor , so then it gets dirty and you do n't want it to touch your baby .2 . It is a fur magnet . We have a husky , and fur sticks to it -LRB- especially if it accidentally touches the ground while putting it on -RRB- , and even after washing it there is still fur on it .3 . It will make you sweat ! I live in Arizona , and there is no way that I could where it out in the summer . I had to crank the AC down in my house to use it .4 . It 's hard to tell if it is on evenly ... you do n't find out until your baby is in it and falling to one side , and then you have to take her out , set her down , and start all over again .5 . It does n't look as good on as it does in the picture provided ! My husband laughs when I wear it because he says I look like a Jedi Knight , and he refuses to wear it himself .6 . I have a beefy baby , so even at 8 weeks old and 12 lbs , it does n't hold her well enough to use it for nursing or as a sling ... I feel like she is going to fall out.The only thing that I liked about this carrier is that it scrunches up nicely into a small sac that they provide you with for easy portability !
 I bought this infant carrier because of the rave reviews it got . What a mistake . After attempting to get the thing strapped on me tightly about 20 times and putting my baby in then out then in again then out again ... my baby was still in no way properly supported by this stretchy piece of fabric . I had to hold my baby the entire time she was in it because it felt like she was going to fall right out . Not only that , but in the picture , it looks like a classy and neat navy sling . In reality , it is a faded blue that , when wrapped around you , looks sloppy and bulgy . It 's still sitting in my house since I never used it at all .
 I purchased this carrier and loved it when my daughter was under 15 lbs . However , as she grew the wrap did n't support her weight as it claimed . Supposedly it is good from birth to 3 years or 5 lbs . to 35 lbs . I found this absolutely false . Everytime I would put my 17 lb . baby in the carrier after about 20 minutes of toting her around she would be down to my knees . I tried everything from making it tighter -LRB- which was n't great for me -RRB- to taking it off and putting it back on everytime this occured which was cumbersome . I think there are better carriers for babies as they grow and hope you do your homework before purchasing .
 I was surprised to discover that the Basic comfort plush changing pad cover does not fit onto these pads , despite the the fact that the measurements indicated on the packaging specify that they should be a perfect match -LRB- same brand , same size -RRB- . When I tried to place the cover over the pad , the bottom buckled and was clearly the wrong fit . I had n't even washed the covers yet . I returned them both as I 'm not sure which product was manufactered with the wrong measurements.Fortunately Amazon was cooperative and the items were easy to return .
 After 12 months , our changing pad has cracks all over the plastic surface of the changing pad , some as big as 2 '' in length . I suspect in a couple more months we will have to change the pad , once the padding starts to come out . Very disappointing .
 While the design of this item is excellent , the workmanship is poor . After less than six month one of the corner seams has come apart . We leave the pad in place and did n't stress the seam in any way . Of course , this makes the item useless since it 's no longer sanitary .
 The design of this changing pad is wonderful but the cover needs to be more durable.Pro 's * Padded & Comfy * 4 Sided-this keeps baby from accidently bumping their head * Easy to wipe clean * Bottom is skid proofCon 's * cover gets holes easily . With less than 1 year of use the cover has gotten several cracks along the tops of the sides . We used a nice pad cover too . * the seams are coming apart-this is the top of the pad so if baby pee 's it could go into the holes and would be impossible to get cleaned out.So even though this has many Pro 's I would recommend getting something else if you are wanting to have something to last more than a year w/out any problems . This is one of the more expensive changing pads so you would expect it to be more durable . I would NEVER buy this again unless I knew they changed the cover & made it more durable.If I had written a review on this item the first few months I had it , I would have given it 5 stars and only praises . A few months later I would have changed my mind and deleted that review when it started getting holes .
 I would not recommend this product for outdoor use . I am writing this review approximately ten months after installing this product on my deck and it is completely disintegrating . I actually took it down this evening because I was tired of cleaning chunks of it out of my yard.For the cost and time it takes to install , I would definitely consider other alternatives . The reason I installed this product is b/c there is a large gap at the bottom of my railing that we were concerned our son could fit through . I will now be installing new balusters -- yes , at a higher cost , but I could have put the $ 100 + I wasted on this product toward the new lumber .
 I got these cups for my 15 mo old son . I thought that they would be great , a nice cup to take with us when we go out that I would not mind if we lost . I bought two packs and opened them right up , wash them , and then handed one to my son while he was sitting at the table . Not even two seconds later he had pulled the cap off and dumped the cup . This would be a great idea if the lids screwed on like the other sippy cups . The lids are really easy to take off . I would not recommend this cup to anyone unless you want a cup that your kids can open and you want to sit right next to them when ever they use this cup . Me I would just rather give him a regular cup he can not make any more of a mess . I love the other take and toss items and am really disappointed in this one .
 at someone 's recommendation , i bought a few packs of these cups for our 15 month old twins to take on our disney vacation . from the very first day , i hated them . initially , when i found the lids were hard to put on , i figured they were going to work well . i filled one , struggled , but finally got the lid on securely , and gave it to one of my boys . he promptly dropped it on the floor -LRB- a carpeted floor , no less -RRB- and the lid popped off , spilling juice everywhere . sinces they have no valve , they leak like faucets when tipped the very slightest and flooded my boys ' mouths when they drank.i am glad i brought along something else with us for them to drink out of , or i would have had to purchase expensive sippy cups from disney world . we finally found a useful purpose for them when we used them to play with in the tub while on our vacation . then we left an entire unopened pack there because they were not even worth taking home.i would give these cups negative stars if i could . they certainly are take and TOSS cups .
 They worked great for the first few times than the lids started to come off and if your child drops it the lid pops right off . I would not recomend on a consent use , maybe a take and throw away right away .
 I used to buy these cups for my older kids and they were great but the last set that I purchased -LRB- about a week ago -RRB- is AWFUL ! Every time my son turns the cup over , a large amount of liquid comes out . It 's like a little watering can and , as you can imagine , he has tons of fun with it . I called Learning Curve to complain and the woman I spoke with informed me that they were `` spill proof , not leak proof '' and said that if they were turned onto their sides or flipped over , they would `` leak '' . I have no use for a sippy cup that `` leaks '' -- that entirely defeats the purpose and I told her so . She kept insisting that is how the cups are designed . So buy these if you want your kids to have fun and make a huge puddly mess but not if you 'd like your house or car or wherever to stay dry . If I wanted my son to have fun playing with his beverages , I 'd give him a regular cup without a lid.Worthless !
 I bought these for my 10 month old because they looked easy to take care of and they were a very decent price . They leak all over . Not a good cup for a child . He was also able to take the lid off and spilled it allllll over the floor . Really bummed out .
 I bought a bunch of these to keep in my car and my husband 's car so we would always have sippy cups if we decided to go out to eat . The cups are very reasonably priced , so they are great for the &#34; take and toss ' function , but they do n't last . My son chews on the tip , and it instantly blocks up so he ca n't get any fluid out . When this happens , I have to through that one out and give him a new one . So , if you have a normal child who chews on his sippy cup , do n't be surprised if he goes through these pretty quickly . If that 's not a concern for you , these are an inexpensive option for cups .
 If you have recently purchased your Svan chair you do n't need to buy one of these -LRB- your chair should come with one -RRB- . It is identical to the one that will come in the box . We bought an extra just in case and have never used it -LRB- we have two Svan high chairs -RRB- . If you have an older chair that did n't come with a plastic tray cover this is a must have , it fits perfectly and is easy to wash .
 I bought this one in pink-lavender stripes and found that it 's impossible to use it correctly and very uncomfortable for the child in it -LRB- the whole body and especially the neck -RRB- . I prefer the `` real '' carriers though . I would not recommend this type of carrier to anyone .
 Our DD hated this product . It nearly suffocated her , and caused what we think is painful bending in the neck and spine . She still hates it at 4 months , but loves the Baby Bjorn.I think it will be more useful when she is 6-9 months old , but I see no reason to kill your back with this when the Bjorn works so well .
 I bought this sling for my newborn and I LOVED the idea of a sling so I could have my hands free while holding him close . It is VERY difficult to use this sling without feeling like baby 's head is either `` chin-crunched '' or flopping all around . Maybe I 'm over cautious but only once did I feel comfortable with him in it . I did return this sling only because of useage issues . The fabric , instruction manual , pattern and rings all seemed just fine . It was a little more pink in color than I thought it would be . If you 're looking for an alternative I spent the extra money on the Moby wrap and I am THRILLED with it . It 's not difficult to use once you get a routine down and baby seems a lot more secure and I 'm a lot more comfortable .
 I got one of these as a gift . I never use it . There are major flaws with these slings .1
 I bought this product for my newborn and unless you have a gargantuan baby this sling will sag to or below your waist . I adjusted it as tight as I could and I just went to walgreens and bought a sling by infantino ... it was a waste of my money
 Material waaaay to thin and flimsy . Ring does not hold weight of a baby . Baby could easily fall right out . Instructions terrible . Immediately bought me a Mosby wrap to use instead of this crap .
 This thing was too long . It was n't what i expected . I lost my money . Ca n't even used it and can not returned it because I already put the receipt in the garbage . What a waste !!!!!!!
 Yea , I received this product , opened it , packed it back up , sent it back . The thing is impossible to figure out how to use . Only positive is that I got my money back ASAP from Amazon : -RRB-
 Difficult to put on and get baby in , and I did n't `` trust '' it anyway , so I pretty much was holding the baby while using this thing , which defeats the purpose . IMO , it 's junk . Great idea though , if it actually worked . Overpriced piece of fabric is all it is .
 I thought for the price this one would be good , but it comes with poorly written instructions and it took two of us to get my son in it - once in it was not very supportive . I 'm putting it aside until he is a litte older to see if maybe it will work better for us then .
 I was still pregnant when I ordered this and a newbie babywearer at best . I wanted a ring sling and liked the padded shoulder and the low price of this item . Unfortunately the padded rails rendered it useless for me , as I could n't snug it up tight enough to use before the padding would hit the ring . I 'm 5 ' 5 '' and have an average build , so it 's not like I 'm super petite or anything . It was even too big for my husband who 's 6 ' with an athletic build . I may yet try cutting it apart to get some use out of it -LRB- I 'd already washed it before the baby arrived , and did n't realize until I 'd tried using it with him that it would n't work -RRB- , but ended up buying a different sling from Sleeping Baby that I absolutely love -- even if it was more than twice as expensive.I will say the Charcoal Parsemage was quite nice looking though !
 It is just too difficult to use it . It 's just been sitting there . Maybe I am the type who does n't like to read instructions ; they seems to long to read . When I try it on with my baby , it does n't seems to work .
 I wish I never bought this product . It is really really uncomfortable to adjust and always has extra fabric hanging in the area where the baby should be sitting , so it never supports her correctly . No wonder my baby hates it .
 i like the idea of the sling but the design of ring and its weaknesses and fabric material makes it very difficult to adjust once the baby is inside due to the gravity of the baby . also due to that i 'm not sure if the baby is in proper position or not or it could affect the bone of my baby . dont recommend this unless the fabric is softer and ring is stronger to easily adjust
 I took a babywearing class led by someone who helps make the international rules for babywearing . She told me that the rings used in this ring sling are craft rings , not babywearing rings . Now that I know what to look for , I can see that there really is a BIG DIFFERENCE ! These rings are tiny and flimsy compared with a real ring sling . That , coupled with the pointless padding along the rails of this sling make it impossible to adjust easily . I struggled to use this for the entire first month of my baby 's life and finally upgraded to a professionally made ring sling . The difference is unquestionable . I will say that the fabric in this sling is pretty , but it is also single-sided and very thin . I ended up giving it away to a friend to use as home decor . If you want a real ring sling , look for something condoned by Babywearing International ... or at least check their website for the features you should look for .
 We received this item as a gift . I would agree with the other reviewers that this item is even better looking in real life than online . However , the clear lid on this is made of plastic . Unfortunately , the plastic was cracked when we received it . Since we liked it so much , we sent out for a replacement . The replacement had the same problem . We were going to give it one more try , however were told this was a widespread problem and they could n't send us another but rather had to give us store credit . In summary , lucky you if you receive a non-defective item -- you will be pleased with your purchase . On the other hand , if you are n't so lucky , have fun getting the issue resolved . It has been a month and we still have n't gotten our store credit .
 When I received this item from Bravofun , the glass was broken due to poor packaging . I called their number and left a detailed message . After not hearing anything back , I called several more times , but no one ever picked up the phone . After several days , I contacted Amazon Customer Service and was able to return the product through them and got a full refund . I would not recommend using Bravofun . I re-ordered the item through Baby Gift Idea . I received my order quickly , packaged appropriately and there was no damage to the product . I would definitely order again from Baby Gift Idea .
 I ordered this product two times and both times they came damaged . The lid was craked and i was very disappointed . The box in a whole was beautiful but i couldnt give either one as a gift and had to return them !
 I read other reviews about the product being damaged and sure enough when i got this product the glass was cracked so i returned it . I did n't want to take the chance of replacing it as shipping it back to seller cost more to return than worth the product.I would not recommend this product
 I too purchased this bedding because of its neutral colors . I liked the color scheme , the thickness of the bumper , and the soft fabric , but was disappointed in the lack of ties on the bumper . Only 8 altogether , and unlike a previous reviewer mine had no bottom ties . I have a standard crib and the bumper is almost and inch too short , so there was a gap where the two ends did n't meet . Also , after two days one of the ties popped off altogether ; literally just fell off at the seam . I 'm returning this to BRU tomorrow , and I 'll be purchasing a different set .
 love the smell and feel of lotion on my girls it is so goood i use it myself . a little goes along way
 I THOUGHT THIS BASSINET WAS PERFECT FOR MY BABY GIRL . UNFORUNTALY WHEN IT ARRIVED IT WAS BROKEN IN SEVERAL PLACES . I DID SEND IT BACK AND RECIEVED A NEW ONE . THE BEDDING LOOKS VERY ELEGENT ONLINE BUT IT IS VERY MISLEADING . MINE HAS A LITTLE GIRL CHRILDREN FISHING AND CLIMBING TREES . NOT WHAT I PICTURED FOR MY DAUGHTER . I AM GOING TO BUY DIFFERET FABRIC AND MAKE A DIFFERNT LOOK .
 I thought this was the cutest bassinet ever , but I read the bad reviews & decided I must see one in person before I buy it . I have to say I am not buying it . It just is not real sturdy and the matress is the really cheap one that comes with your changing table but no one uses . My husband said he could fix all of the problems but for this amount of money I think it should come ready to use . The screw holes are a major eyesore and the wood is flimsy .
 I recieved the Graco Tango in the Tongo diaper bags that I had registered for as a baby shower gift . It looked good on paper . But on the larger bag the inner plastic lining ripped at the zipper within two months -LRB- really not that big a deal it as the bag still functioned , but still ... -RRB- and then the strap came unstitched where it attaches to the bag at 4 months . I used the bag heavily , the baby and I have been on the go every day since he was born , but I feel it really should have held up better than this . The little bag got used maybe twice , so getting this product for that reason was n't such a good idea . The Graco bag also is not nearly as well designed from an organization stand point as the one we are using now . I wish I had done more comparison shopping before registering for this product , and didnt let myself be swayed by the cute pattern .
 I bought this item thinking that it would be necessary with a newborn . It was not needed at all because my carseat -LRB- Graco -RRB- came with one that attached to the carrier itself . A waste of money if you ask me . Buy a carseat with the right gear and this is totally unnecessary .
 This is an okay product if parents understand that it is NOT to be used with a carseat according to NHTSA standards . Aftermarket products are not safe for use in vehicles and many children are injured because of their use . It is , however , excellent with the baby 's swing .
 I recieved the product as a gift for my baby shower . When trying to place it in the stroller , I had no idea how to ... there were no instructions how to install it properly ... So i returned it
 I know this product must work , I mean it worked fine for us , but my baby was born at 10 lbs . When I found out that it was n't approved for my carseat though , I took it out . I think they should make specialty headrests for each seat , which some carseats do . I had a problem with the headrest for my carseat though , because it did n't support my first baby 's head . That 's why I bought this one .
 This product looks very comfy , but it did not come with instructions as someone mentioned . The main problem is tangling the seatbelt of the babyseat through it without making baby uncomfortable . Also there are fabric hoops , and who knows what they are for ... they are not for the seatbelt either . Especially for baby really needs to get instructions out for this one .
 I just had our car seat professionally installed at our local police station , and I was told that these headrests are a hazard . The padding that rests between the baby and the seat prevents the seatbelts from being properly secured -LRB- extra wiggle room is lethal in a crash -RRB- . A couple of rolled up recieving blankets will stablize the head just as well and does n't interfere with the seatbelts .
 It never seemed to fit right . What I did use it for though , was in the bassinet , it kept my son from feeling so lost in the bassinet and more snuggled and secure ... In the car seat , it was pretty much a waste
 I was really looking forward for this pillow to arrive and to find some relief from the aches and pains of late pregnancy . This pillow was a big disappointment -- it did n't help at all . The basic flaw is not enough filling in the pillow so there is not much support .
 Scratchy fabric & made me so hot -- > my nights were miserable with it . On the plus side , my husband and I have a queen bed and this did n't take up quite as much room as we thought it might .
 I had really high hopes for this product given all the positive reviews . The first night was n't so bad . But the second night that seam on the inside of the curve dug into my shoulder and left me with a neck ache the next day . My husband started complaining the zipper -LRB- metal -RRB- made too much noise . The stuffing is so so . It looks to be regular old poly-fil And the material used to cover the inserts is your basic cotton . Nothing special about it . Definitely not worth $ 100 . Buy something else .
 Truly excellent idea for back pain . I spent MANY $ $ $ on back pain relief . This worked fantastic for about a month . Then the curved part of the pillow began to flatten out . This pillow consists of three parts . I simply removed the curved part and replaced it with a king size down alternative pillow . Fits fairly well , a bit lumpy . Still releives pain . A cost effective alternative would be to buy a pillow case with this shape and fill it with pillows of your choosing . Be sure it is made well as the zipper will have a bit of stress . Shape definitely works but filler is unsatisfactory .
 Pregnant at 5 months , I purchased this pillow hoping it would help me finally get some sleep . While the pillow is nice and puffy , it 's quite big , so unless you have a California King sized bed , your poor husband wo n't have much room . We 're both quite small , and the pillow ended taking over the bed , but we sleep in a queen-sized bed . I 'm naturally a side sleeper , so I figured this pillow would be perfect for me . Unfortunately , because it 's so bulky and firm , I was getting neck cramps . I kep switching positions from left to right , and I ended up getting less sleep than I did before I got the pillow . For $ 100 , it 's better to go get some extra regular pillows . One good pillow for your head/neck , one to hug and tuck under your belly -LRB- for side sleeping -RRB- , and another to put between your knees/legs . I sleep much better this way .
 What a huge waste of money . I am very short , and even so this pillow does n't go past my knees so does n't provide the support it should . Within a month , it has compressed so much it is about three inches thick and not at all fluffy like it looks in the photo . With my last pregnancy , I bought a 10 $ pillow that faired much better than this one . I spent the extra money because I wanted one that wrapped around on both sides , but I would have been better to buy two cheap ones . Total waste of money .
 PLEASE HEED THE OTHER REVIEWERS WARNINGS ON THIS . I am not one to write a review , but the Evenflo high chair is so dangerous and the company so negligent , that I had to let others know . We have the Evenflo Majestic Highchair which has recently , finally , been recalled . We had issues with the screws popping out of the recliner section of the chair when we used it with our then 4 month old , I called Evenflo last March , they sent me a repair kit with longer screws , still did n't work . Customer service had told me then this was not a common problem and that even with a screw missing , highchair was safe to use , not dangerous . I 'm so furious they lied about my son 's safety !!!!! Our longer screws did pop out a few times , we put them back in , I called back and since the highchair still held up fine and they told me it was okay to use , we wrongly trusted Evenflo and continued to use the highchair -LRB- my husband had checked it and felt is was okay -RRB- . I just called in response to last weeks recall and they said they do have a record of me calling , sorry that happened and would I like a new set of screws ? They wo n't give a refund and the new screws -LRB- which they will ship out in approx . 2 weeks , and recommend we do n't use the highchair in the meantime -RRB- supposedly work better than the original replacements . I am returning this to the store , and if they wo n't accept the return , I 'll have to eat the cost and throw out the chair . We 've had so many of our kids ' things recalled , it 's infuriating that these companies only have to send screws that may or may not work and before their belated recalls , our kids are at risk and to boot this time they assured me there was no danger . Please do not buy Evenflo and know that you ca n't trust the info you receive from customer service.I 'm am so thankful my son was n't injured . We 've had other issues with most of our Evenflo products not working correctly , but all involving bells and whistles not structual . I just ca n't understand how these companies put more money into their impossible to open packaging than into their product safety .
 We have two EvenFlo high chairs for our twin grand kids . It is obvious to us that they were designed by people who have never dealt with infants . Further , they never tested the chairs using real infants . For example , the tray liner -LRB- which is clear plastic -RRB- lifts off the monstrously-large tray for easier cleaning . However , our twins still regularly get food under the liner . Fortunately , the clear plastic liner clearly shows the food collected below it . Hence , we have to clean the tray AND liner after each meal.The designer also thought that he or she should attach a removable toy to the tray . Why ? It is just something else to clean.For some reason , the wheels on the high chair have wheel locks ... for feeding on a slope ? We try to keep the wheels unlocked so we can push the chairs around the house but the little locking tabs are so exposed that we are continually locking the wheels with the toe of our shoe.The levers for adjusting the height of the seat and tray are located so low on the front legs of the chair that our daughter can not reach them ... she needs longer arms . Old granddad has to make the adjustments.Finally , I realize that the high chair is designed to fold but its plastic construction sure seems to be flimsy to me . As I push it from linoleum to carpet , I feel I have to be extra careful not to crack the plastic . The legs are also tapered outward so much that I am constantly tripping over them . Give me a simple high chair with a simple , easy-to-clean tray anytime .
 We were initally pleased with this chair , however as time went on the seat began to sag back . Our son , now 18 months old , has to pull himself forward just to eat . The joints between the front and rear legs have separated and we 're now researching new high chairs since we 're concerned about the possiblity of the joint failing completely .
 I have now owned 2 Evenflo high chairs , and both have resulted in injury to my children!The first was the Evenflo Envision chair , and my son got his arm caught between the A frame support and the body of the chair itself . The space between the supports and the chair was too wide !! His elbow was nearly dislocated when we removed it !! We contacted Evenflo , who gave us the NEW version of the chair , which had a much smaller space between the two . We thought this would solve the problem , and since we loved the chair otherwise , were happy.NOW , my daughter , who is 6 months , got her fingers pinched in the holes at the back of the legs that allow for the height adjustment feature . The skin was shredded clean off her tiny fingers . We will NEVER buy an Evenflo chair again , as ALL EVENFLO HIGH CHAIRS HAVE THIS DESIGN , including the MAJESTIC , ENVSION , and EXPRESSIONS !! DO NOT BUY !!!
 On the postitive side , the design is cute and neutral , so it goes with any decor and the height adjustment is quick and convenient . However , the negatives just totally outweigh it all . As the other reviewer said , the seat back wo n't stay in the complete upright position any more , which is bad when baby gets older -LRB- mine is 20 months now -RRB- . The seat cover comes off and on quickly for washing , but whatever you do , do n't toss it in the dryer . It shrinks and the back of ours melted , even though it appeared to be just material before the initial wash . They designed the tray to come off with one hand , but they positioned the mechanism front and center . My little guy figured out that he can stick his foot in there , give one teensy push and the whole tray goes flying off . NEVER place your baby in this seat without securing the buckles ! The removable tray is a good idea but ours just wo n't stay on . He figured out how to get that off when he was 6 months old . If they fixed the reclining back , moved the latch and made it so the tray stayed on it would be much better . That said , I 'm in the market for a new high chair .
 It looks good.It is easy to adjust.Your child will put feet on stupid useless hook on the underside of the tray and PRESTO , tray will be free . -LRB- first time at 10 months -RRB- Added bonus ... a real pain to clean tray and seat.Great for adults . -LRB- quick adjust ... one hand blah blah blah . -RRB- NOT FOR CHILDREN .
 Seat screws fall out with normal use . Truth , ... I have pictures . Dangerous and choking hazard . This is not a magestic , which was recalled , but an expressions model which was not -LRB- yet -RRB- . Bottom seat screws fall out , and they are very sharp , sheet metal , style screws . Not the same screw that caused the Magestic recall , but a similar problem , as far as baby / child safety . I recommend checking and tightening all the screws before and after each use -LRB- practical right ? -RRB- . Also , I recommend strapping the child in everytime , because , as stated by other reviewers , an infant of a certain size , can kick the one hand removal handle and remove the tray his / herself -LRB- after they are older and their legs are longer they can not seem to do this anymore -RRB- . Also , one hand removes tray from side , unlike two , as it was designed . An older child -LRB- 2 -RRB- can easily remove the heavy tray and drop it , with all of its sticky and guey contents , on their feet , and/or the floor / or dog below them . This could kill a small dog -LRB- not a joke -RRB- , and almost always creates a mess .
 It 's been three hours , I 'm sweaty and it STILL is n't put together . The directions are terrible and I should have heeded the reviews . Evenflo Expressions was the only one at the store that was displayed and I wanted to make sure I got a chair where the tray comes all the way off so I can get my kid in and out -LRB- she 's 18 months -RRB- . This chair is a nightmare . I HATE IT . If I can figure out how to disassemble the thing , I 'm TAKING IT BACK . I wish I had never bought it . I 'm going back to Graco . This was my first -LRB- and only now -RRB- Evenflo product . Never again .
 The `` brilliant '' design engineers at Evenflo designed this chair with the release mechanism in the front of the tray and on the sides of the tray . Kids are very smart ... smarter than the design engineers ... and they learn fast . My son always reaches for the side release mechanism -LRB- he learned how to do this buy simply watching -RRB- and pushes the tray off of the chair . As a result , we always have food all over the floor ... not to mention the potential hazard of a baby jumping off the chair after the tray is off.Do yourself a favor and do not buy this chair . You always want to look for a chair in which the kids can not release the tray from the side . You only want to be the one to release the tray from the front.I am most likely going to use this chair as a secondary chair for visitors with kids and have to buy another brand.SUMMARY
 I got the high chair new few months back -LRB- May 2008 -RRB- and once while eating , my kid puked on the chair . So i decided to give the cover a wash in washing machine to clean . The fabric completely worn out on single wash . Customer service says , it 's not machine washable !! How can high chair fabric be NOT WASHABLE meant for infants and kids ??? I would NOT Recommend this .
 The good thing about this booster seat is that it is wider and will hold an older child . But , it is difficult to put protective cover on . Instructions are so-so . It is all plastic , not like the competitor 's cloth seat . I am returning this booster . It is the same price as the Cosco and Graco and I like them much better
 after buying , washing and using these pads , i am not that impressed . the soft flannel side seems like it will come apart , almost too fuzzy . i agree , i would not put a young infant on top of this . also , the plastic side is so plastic that my baby sweats as well and would not put her on this side either . so , i use it under the sheet to protect matress and is safer for baby . a young baby could get wrapped up in it accidentally if left on top of sheet for sleeping . i prefer Carter 's lap pads . they are not quilted or fuzzy but , they are water proof with both sides made of 100 % brushed cotton flannel . you can get them in all sizes big and small . i use them for everything from changing table , to crib and also for diaper changes . they wash great .
 They had white fuzz balls all over it the first time we washed them . And if you used them to protect your lap to change the baby on they were very itchy to the touch and my sons clothes would stick to the fabric . Not baby friendly and they looked horrible after the first wash . I threw them away .
 I just received these pads and will be sending them back . They have an unbearably strong plastic-like chemical odor . Blech !
 I am still pregnant , but getting very close to delivery date . I am afraid of my water breaking , so everywhere I go I have a towel with me . For nighttime , I decided to use this pad to protect our mattress . I placed this pad on top of the mattress and then covered it with the two layers of cotton -LRB- mattress saver and bed sheet -RRB- . I am pretty sure this pad is 100 % waterproof , as it does not breeze at all . In the morning my husband and I both woke up sweaty in the areas that were on top of the pad . SO now I am not sure I want our child sleeping -LRB- and sweating -RRB- on top of this pad .
 These are aweful looking and cheap-feeling . I may feel differently once I use them , but the vinyl or plastic side is thin and looks like `` leatherette . '' The other side is some kind of polyester that shows significant stringy pilling on the first wash . Not my cup of tea . I 'd never use these on top of the sheet . Way too ugly . I give it 2 stars only because it probably is waterproof , which is the main purpose .
 Be aware that I was not using this pad in a crib . I believe if I were to use it in a crib the same problems would arise .1 , The back of the pad is a VERY SLIPPERY -LRB- but waterproof ! -RRB- plastic backing . Unless the weight -LRB- baby/child -RRB- placed on it is great , it will move ANYWHERE and everywhere it 's placed .2 . The ` soft ' side is not soft . It is a very acrylic like ` fleece ' which when you rub your hand over it , it catches on your skin ! Remember rubbing chapped hands on silk or nylon ? It 's much like that only your hands do n't need to be chapped to catch on this stuff . I would NOT want to be in direct contact with this material.On the bright side , if this pad were placed under a fitted sheet of a baby 's crib , I think it would be fine and dandy . Just make sure the fitted sheet stays in place and the baby is very young .
 I bought this 2-pack thinking it would be of high quality materials and it is not ! I washed them first and then put one in my son 's crib . After ONE DAY of use , it is all pilled up , and terrible looking ! Really below standard . Waterproof pads are indispensable for our family as our son 's diapers usually do n't hold everything throughout the night . I wish I had looked further before buying these . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS ONE !! Choose another , believe me you 'll be much better off .
 I bought these to help with night time potty training accidents and have had a horrible time with them . In the beginning , they worked great but after washing them numerous times , I might as well not have put them on the bed . They leaked through and soaked the mattress . If you are not going to wash them frequently , then give them a try but if you need them for their intended purpose , keep looking !
 I 'm sure the product is fine . Or it had better be ... I have n't even received this yet , but I have a review of the purchase experience . Had I known that `` standard shipping '' would be over $ 20 on this 2-lb , $ 29.99 purchase being sent to a local domestic address , I would n't have ordered it from Amazon , but simply driven to Target to buy it . To make matters worse , the things I ordered at the same time have already been shipped , but this is still `` being prepared for shipment '' ... and I ca n't cancel . Usually I notice these shenanigans , but this one got past me . So if you 're living in the Arctic or on a desserted island 150 miles from your nearest Target Store and this is the one you want , go for it . Otherwise , buyer beware .
 Obviously , it is not off-white in the picture . The off-white one is not as cute as the one in the picture . I am very disappointed about this purchase . Now , I feel the shipping experience is not as good as two years ago on Amazon . In hence , the return service is not convenient any more . I guess I should go to local stores than shop on amazon .
 My child went instantly ballistic when I attached the leash and did not calm down for two hours .
 Bought this for Disney , but there is no storage . My oldest would n't wear it either . Much cheaper at Walmart ! She loves it , but wo n't wear it . Uses it as a toy now .
 The first thing my 18-month son did when he saw the Buddy Monkey was to give it a big hug . My first reaction , however , was one of slight confusion ... where 's the backpack ? It looks great but this claims to be a 2-in-1 harness / backpack `` for growing travellers '' but this is n't a backpack at all ! It just has a tiny velcro pocket that you ca n't put anything in , except maybe a pacifier -LRB- which would drop out -RRB- . I have n't tried it out yet , but I just wanted to say that the description is misleading
 Not such a great product and not worth the money ! It 's too big and bulky and my little girl does not like it at all .
 SELLER GIVES NO DESCRIPTION ABOUT THIS PRODUCT UNDER DESCRIPTION EXCEPT FOR THE SHIPPING BLOG . NO BATTERY TYPES REQUIRED , EXPECTED TRANSMITTING DISTANCES , WARRANTY ... NOTHING .
 I 'm still shopping for a double-stroller and had high hopes for this model . I found it in a store and asked an employee to help make sure that it would fit in my trunk before purchasing it . Unfortunately , this stroller was too big for the rather roomy trunk in my new Nissan Altima . Hoping that maybe the Quattro Tour , which is supposedly 20 % smaller when folded will fit , otherwise it may be time to trade in the car for the mommy-van . I ca n't really speak to the other features of the stroller , but just wanted to share that it does not fit in the trunk of an Altima .
 This sucker is heavy . Very heavy . And big . Too big . At least for me . My husband who 's 180lbs and nearly 6ft tall can wield the folded stroller into the back of our sedan 's trunk . But I simply ca n't . I 'm 5ft tall , barely 100lbs , and this thing is just a monster . It 's a nice looking stroller , sturdy , blends with the family tree print of our graco carseat . We bought it because our oldest child was not quite 3 when our second son was born , and he was n't quite disciplined enough yet to walk next to us on family outings . So we thought we needed a double stroller . We really did n't need a double stroller . We 've used it less than a half dozen times . By the time our newborn was 2 months old , our oldest son had outgrown his rowdiness , and we just used the single occupancy stroller that we bought when our first child was born . By the time the baby was 5 months old , we switched to exclusively using an umbrella stroller . Unless you have twins , or children extremely close in age , this probably is n't a necessity in your life . Consider it will also take up your entire trunk , and you will have to remove the front tray and canopy to get to fold it up and get it in there . I ended up just leaving it in the garage set up , so I could take the kids around the block for walks . That has been the extent of it 's use . Now my kids are an age , that even if we did end up going to the zoo , or Disneyland , we still would just take an umbrella stroller and make the high energy 3 year old hoof it . It was a good price for what it is , compared to other strollers out there . But for our needs it was a bit of a wasted purchase ...
 We have a fantastic single stroller by Graco from a few generations ago , and love it . So this just seemed like the obvious choice for a double . Before our second daughter was born we tried it briefly in the store , figured it was a little clunky , but we could make do , and now ... well we 're stuck with it.What I did n't realize in the store was what a difference slightly uneven pavement would make when pushing this mammoth of a cheap contraption . After a mile of trying to get it to go straight , I end up with such severe carpal tunnel that I am deterred from walking for weeks . It 's minimally better with our youngest -LRB- lightest -RRB- child in the front , but since the front is better laid out for an older child , this is a rather annoying semi-solution . Aside from near-impossible manueverability -LRB- imagine trying to push around a big yellow schoolbus on insufficient little plastic wheels -RRB- , this stroller is cheap , cheap cheap . The wheels are made of hard plastic , and would be better suited on a toy than something that is supposed to safely transport your children around , and even when attached correctly , the front wheels wobble terribly , and act as if they might seperate and fall apart.Lastly , the fabric on the stroller comes drenched with a fabulous Made-in-China chemical stench that requires laundering plus many hours in the sun to resolve -LRB- though the memory of it lingers longer as I cringe at exposing my kids to whatever they treated this thing with -RRB- . The laundering , though done per the specifications on the label caused the seats to tear in various places as well.I do n't think this stroller has a redeeming quality . Even the cute little animals mock my poor judgement in paying good money for this piece of junk . I would n't recommend this stroller to anyone .
 Cons : Easy of use very very poor.Cheep constructionNot able to use stroller visors when using baby car seat.Front seat tray is very difficult to open and close.Very hard to open and cloths stroller.Pros : Ligth weightDoes not tip with one child in use.Resonable shock absorbption.May not be specific to this stroller but the design of front back is difficult to turn and dangerous in parking lots . Its very hard to see who is comming without putting your little onse in harms way .
 I just returned the SnugRide Infant Car Seat in the Mayfair pattern for the more basic Colby Model . Initially , I was thrilled that Graco had a new model out that used Gracopedic foam which provided a lot of cushioning for the baby . However , once my son arrived in early March I had a lot of difficulty using the car seat because the handle would constantly jam in various positions . I had no such problems with my daughter 's older model SnugRide . Graco customer service was quite helpful and suggested that I exchange it for another one , which I did in early June at our local babiesrus . At first the second car seat was a little easier to use , however , the handle completely jammed up on me last week while I was on vacation . After bad experiences with two mayfair models , my husband and I decided to forgo the comfort padding of the Mayfair model and traded it in this weekend while still on vacation . The Colby model is less expensive and less padded but the handle works like a dream ! Another thing to note is that the Mayfair model is incredibly heavy as compared to the other models other there .
 This is my first baby and I read all the reviews and thought we were making the best choice but now very disappointed . We bought the entire travel system and threw the boxes away ... otherwise it would probably have been returned by now.My daughter absolutely hates it ! Been using it since birth and now she is 4 months old . It is designed to rock & sits almost v shaped making the bottom squish down into the seat . The seat is very confining and not comfortable . It 's design is to be cozy , but my daughter finds it constricting . She is always sweaty after being in there . The buckle where you snap the harness into does not move , so you must loosen only the straps around the shoudlers
 After reading various reviews and talking with several moms , we selected the Mayfair Snugride car seat for our first child and were very pleased with it . We had been using it regularly with the SnugRide Infant Car Seat Frame and Quatro Stroller - all from the Graco family of products.When my son was barely 4 months old , I was out running errands with him . He was securely strapped into his car seat -LRB- I had recently adjusted the straps since he 's growing -RRB- , and the car seat was secured in the SnugRide Infant Car Seat Frame . I was approaching a sidewalk ramp , took the turn too sharply , and ran into the curb instead of rolling onto the ramp . I was n't running or walking at a fast pace - just strolling along . Before I knew what was happening , the rear wheels on the SnugRide Infant Car Seat Frame stroller were up in the air , and the stroller was pitching forward . At some point , the red hook that secured the car seat to the stroller snapped and broke , causing the car seat to detach from the frame stroller and fall to the ground . My son landed in the car seat facing the pavement . The plastic red hook had broken into 4 pieces.My son was upset , but had no scratches or bruises that we could see . We believe that he was wholly contained within the car seat when it hit the pavement . We contacted our doctor and our son fortunately appears to have survived his tumble no worse for wear . The car seat , however , had to be replaced.I contacted Babies-R-Us who told me that since the product had been purchased more than 90 days ago , they could not replace the car seat for me . They also suggested that I purchase their protection plan for future products . For a company that prides itself on customer service , I was surprised to learn that they could do nothing for us . They said our accident was a fluke and that they had never heard of something like that happening before.I contacted customer service at Graco Baby and they are going to provide a full refund for the value of the stroller . Unfortunately , Babies-R-Us no longer carries the Mayfair Snugride , so we picked the Blackwell version instead.Please be careful when using the car seat in the Graco strollers !
 I just had my first daughter a month ago and was obsessed with reviews and finding the perfect everything for her ! I was sure this was the perfect car seat , with the comfy foam and cute design , but it is the complete opposite , the black rubs off on EVERYTHING , even after being washed 3 times , most of her pink and white clothes are ruined -LRB- thanks graco -RRB- , the foam is comfy but constricting , she was premature and still very small -LRB- 7 pnds -RRB- and looks akward and uncomfortable and the head support DOES NOT work , her poor little head bounces everywhere I end up having to ride in the back seat to protect her neck ... Its very heavy for me as I am small so I am limping to carry her in it :-LRB- , So I have ordered the Peg Perego Primo and see if thats better , but DO NOT waste your money on this carrier !
 I bought this shade to use on my rear-facing Radian , to block some of the sun that shines in my nephew 's face when he is in the seat . It is useless . Because only the top is solidly colored , and the sides are mesh , it does n't block any of the sun.I tried it on my Radian , my Avenue , and my mom 's Boulevard . It did n't work for any of those seats .
 Shade springs out of box from a circle to long rectangle . bitty clips dont prevent it from falling foreward . So springy does not hold shape and wants to flatten out . poor design . seller states `` You are welcome to return an item within 30 days of delivery as long as it is unused , in a salable condition and in the original packaging . Unfortunately we can not accept returns of flat packed items which have been assembled or sealed items which have been opened . '' The thing `` assembled '' itself . Its completly unused and in the exact condition it was sent . And completly unusable . It does not work like claimed . very disappointed . Amazon was very helpful though !
 I used one of these with my son -LRB- he 's 3 , so it was n't that long ago -RRB- but as I was getting ready to use it again with my daughter , I started thinking about what a pain the Floppy Seat was to use . Getting it back into it 's `` bag '' was such a hassle I used to just plunk the thing back into the backseat of the car after shopping ... which made the convienent small-space self storage a waste of time and money . This thing is named well , as it really is floppy - floppy to put into the cart and floppy to try to put away again.I started reading reviews of other seat covers , trying to find a better option and I sure found it ! I was really hesitant at the price of the Buggy Bagg , but I could tell when I took it out of the box that it was worth the extra money ! I 've only had the Buggy Bagg for 3 days and I am already thrilled that I spent the money on it ... definitely worth the extra $ 20 ! It is super-well padded and can really , truly be put into the cart with ONE HAND ! -LRB- The Floppy Seat needs at least two hands to go well into the cart ! -RRB- DO N'T waste your money on the Floppy Seat - it 's a flop of a product !
 I think the Floppy Seat is a great idea -- aside from the cleanliness factor , my son would be too small to just sit in the regular cart seat area ; this way , I can pad him in and he 's secure . However , I find it very difficult to manage.I see that the previous reviewer said that she puts it in the cart with one hand -- I say kudos to her because I find it extraordinarily difficult to hold my almost-20 lb . baby in one hand and put the floppy seat in the cart with the other ! The elastic keeps it on when it 's on , but it also makes it so that you have to physically stretch it over the sides of the cart ... I challenge you to do it with one hand!Also , I think that the act of strapping the baby in can be dangerous . I am trying to hold him in the seat with one hand and feed the strap through the tiny hole in the back of the floppy seat with the other ... you have to really be aware of what your baby is doing because at that point s/he is not strapped in and can easily fall out.All of that being said , once baby is properly `` installed '' , it does make for a convenient trip down the grocery aisles !
 I found this product extremely difficult to use . The elastic makes it difficult to place in the cart . I could not do it with one hand . Good idea , poor design .
 One reviewer , though she raves about it , admits its flaw
 i thought about getting one of these for our son -- until i saw his cousin nearly stand up in a high chair while still `` buckled '' in . i opted instead to get one that more securely attaches to its intended surroundings . does n't do much good to strap your kid to the floppy seat if no part of it or the kid is actually strapped to the frame .
 `` Three seats failed all our tough tests
 I was looking for a backpack , hoping it would be more convenient to carry than the messenger bag which served me well while my 13-month-old daughter was younger . This bag was larger and roomier than I expected , which was fine , however , as a petite person of 5 ' 1 '' , the straps were too long which made the bag hang too low and too loose on my body . I returned it and am still using my messenger bag until I find a backpack I 'm happy with .
 It sounds great a tote and backpack . I found that the strap is a bit thin and cuts into your shoulder as a backpack . As a tote it likes to slide off the shoulder . When used as a backpack it does not hold much . You fill it too full it will buldge out qutie a bit . If you stuff it really full you wont even get to wear it as a backpack . I have had several people brush against it as they pass by me in the isle of a store . Also the way the bag is shaped you need to place the changing pad -LRB- the one that comes with it -RRB- back into the bag correctly in order for the bag to zip shut . I have to say the the pad is a nice length and has a good thickness to it . I have used the bag for both , it is great to be able to go back and forth form tote to backpack . It did the job getting me through the airport as I switched planes . I was able to throw it over my shoulder quickly to move through security and then used it as a backpack keeping my hands free as I made my way to the next gate . It is functional as both a bakpack and a tote .
 I used this headrest in place of the one that comes with the infant Graco carseat , which did n't seem to provide much head support . This one provides the support but my baby did not like it and her crying made for a very unpleasant car experience . I think that it is either too constricting or too hot . I bought the padded animal shoulder straps instead and she seems to like those .
 i did n't like the way this product smelled at all , it did in fact work to take of the hollisters spray adhesive , but left me and the entire house smelling like an auto shop or worse . based on this i wouldnt use it again , just threw some out actually so that it would n't accidently get opened . again it did work , but i do n't recommend its use , i had a skin reaction also , all better now thanx , h
 I ordered the boppy pillow for my 8 month old son , when I received it it was not firm especially in the middle of the pillow . Not really satisified with the quality of the boppy .
 I completely agree with the review posted by the user
 The miracle middle is nothing special , so if you are a plus size mom on the larger side of plus , do n't buy this thinking the pillow will stretch and wrap around you . I 'm very short and this pillow was in a awkward position while breastfeeding , and was n't long enough to offer the ever important elbow support . This applies when using the bottle with a heavier baby as well.The pillow is painfully missing back support , and the middle dips and sags . I only used this pillow for 3-4 months before using one of my regular pillows with a waterproof pad under because it was cumbersome and already losing shape.Use of this as a baby support is okay , better than a regular pillow , though in a pinch rolled up blankets work fine . While having the ability to customize your pillow style is nice , the added expense for an average product almost negates the pros.The pillow is said to be machine washable , but given the poor quality of the stuffing inside , do so at your own risk !
 This pillow is great for sitting your baby on your lap or for letting him nap on your lap . It 's even better to prop your baby up with for tummy time or to sit . It 's not great however for nursing . I talked to a lactation consultant and found that the Boppy was NEVER designed to be a nursing pillow . It was terrible for my back . I could n't get our baby aligned properly which was very stressful just starting out nursing . I had to prop pillows under both sides to try to get it right . At my lactation appointment they had a My Brest Friend pillow . This pillow is fantastic . It keeps the baby aligned properly with your breast . Which makes it so much easier to get your baby latched on correctly . I have a My Brest Friend at home and in my car for going out . I have been successfully nursing for going on 9 months now . I would never have gotten this far with the Boppy . Please , try the My Brest Friend instead . * For nursing I give this pillow a rating of 1 star . However , as a pillow to prop your baby for tummy time or to sit up I give this pillow a 4 star rating . All together a rating of 3 stars . *
 as nice as this item looks and feels
 I registered for this thinking I 'd use it for nursing . Well , I 've been nursing for almost a month now , and I 've found this pillow to be a bigger nuisance than helper . Here 's why :1 . The way it 's shaped allows the baby to slip down towards your belly button . Rather than being flat towards your stomach , it angles downwards , allowing the baby no support . I end up holding her anyway .2 . It does n't stay on ! No matter where I 'm sitting
 I 'll say that the Boppy is great for tummy time , as a little prop-up pillow for babies who ca n't sit yet , and other similar uses . It is NOT a good breastfeeding pillow . Unless you luck and and have just the perfect shortness in your torso , this pillow will do little to prop up your baby to the right height without you also having to use your arms , other pillows , etc. . And when you are nursing an infant all the time , your arms get tired . The boppy is useless ! I saw a number of lactation consultants when my daughter was born and all of them said the same thing . They all recommended a pillow that gets your baby up to the right height and allows you to be `` hands free . '' Check out the BrestFriend -- it was the key to our nursing success after I gave up on the Boppy .
 Horrible waste of money . The pillow slides all over the place , away from me , away from the baby , and onto the floor . The only practical use we found for it was for my husband to prop his head up while bottle feeding . It does not fit around the waist or support the weight of a baby . Get another pillow .
 When my wife was pregnant , we had a blast putting things on our registry at the baby stores . The problem is , many items are too expensive , so they end up unbought and we had to buy it for ourselves . Thus was the case of the Boppy . We had heard SO many great things about it ; some friends claimed it was `` a lifesaver '' . So we spent the money to buy the Boppy and slip cover . We were so disappointed when it actually came time to breastfeed our baby . My wife is not obese , but she is larger than the so-called average mother . THE BOPPY IS NOT FOR LARGER PEOPLE ! It did n't fit around my wife , kept slipping off her hip as she was feeding our daughter and because of its rounded shape , she ca n't rest the baby safely on it . We ended up spending just as much for `` My Brest Friend '' -LRB- also available on AmazonMy Brest Friend Deluxe Pillow , Light Green -RRB- , which was infinitely better!We 've decided not to sell the Boppy , to help hold up our daughter when she starts sitting up -LRB- hence the second star -RRB- .
 I purchased this pillow because I planned to breastfeed , and it worked well for that purpose at first . It also was good for propping my baby up whenever he was awake , but the reason I gave it only 2 stars is because of its poor craftmanship . At a cost of more than $ 20 , it should be better made and last longer than 6-to-8 weeks . By the time my infant was 3 months old , the pillow was falling apart at the seams in at least two places . Stuffing was coming out where the stitching had come undone , forcing me to have to repair it myself .
 I do n't understand how this pillow got a reputation for being a breastfeeding pillow . It works great as an infant support pillow but I 'm not sure I would have registered for it just for that . As many others have said , baby slips down between you and the pillow . Also , I 'm a short person but I still have to hunch down to keep a latch . I struggled with breastfeeding initially and because I thought this pillow was supposed to be some sort of miracle breastfeeding aid , I kept using it and continued to struggle . Now I 'm using regular pillows from the bed while I try to decide if I can justify the cost of a My Brest Friend . By the by , I had mentioned my Boppy issues to my lactation consultant and she said she hears complaints about it all the time . If you are crafty , she mentioned that you can buy a piece of foam at the craft store , cut it to curve a bit around your belly , and cover it in fabric and get much better results than with the Boppy .
 I do NOT understand why anyone likes the Boppy for nursing . I am a pretty small woman -LRB- about a size 8 -RRB- and I found that the donut-hole in the middle was so small it buckled in the front when I tried to put it around my waist . Not only that , but it really needs to sit around the hips in order to be low enough to rest the baby on -- and that never worked , it just kept riding up to my waist . And because it 's so round and puffy , I had to use just as much muscle to keep my baby from rolling away from me as I would have to hold him up ! I tossed it in the closet and used regular bed and couch pillows instead . Also , I could n't use it in any chair with arms -LRB- like a rocker or a dining-table chair because the big fat arms of the Boppy got in the way of the arms of the chair .
 I had purchased this product prior to the birth of my baby with much excitement . I could not wait to use it ! After it 's first use though , I was highly disappointed . Not only did it not fit around my waist/belly ... but it was not nearly thick enough to support my baby to the level of nipple . My arms were tired and sore as well as my back . I had to stuff extra pillows underneath in order to make it work . I ended up no longer using the Boppy after only a few feedings and just stuck with using regular ` ol pillows . I did however use the Boppy to help prop my baby in upright positions . I hardly think it 's worth the price . A bit of a waste if you ask me .
 Like many women , I bought this thinking it was for breastfeeding . It is not . It was originally made to support babies in the sitting - up position . If you are looking for a pillow for breastfeeding , buy the My BreastFriend . Do n't waste your money like I did on two different pillows .
 I was looking forward to using this product when I nursed my baby boy . It did n't work for me at all ! It kept sliding forward and he would end up wedged between me and it , down on my lap . My husband bought me a `` My Brest Friend Deluxe '' on Mother 's Day . It is THE BEST ! It may be because I am on the smaller side but I could not keep the @ # $ % ^ boppy against me . Yes I have the newer model with the Wonder flex middle or whatever they claim . The only use was my baby could kind of sit in it when he was newborn . I have a friend whose husband uses it for a neck pillow so I guess it has a second life .
 Waste of money . My back is killing me ! This pillow is n't thick enough to support baby at nipple height , I find myself slouching/twisting/bending to get my breast to her . As a result , I feel miserable . I 'm only 5 ' 2 , I ca n't imagine this would work for a tall person . I 'm also thin , size 6 ... The pillow wraps around me and hits the chair back behind me , leaving a huge gap between my waist and the pillow , leaving baby unsupported too . I have tried bending , folding , turning , etc the pillow to work-it just does n't . I would try the breast friend pillow instead , if I get a hold of one cheap , I 'll update this review to compare the pillows?Update : Brest friend pillow is much more supportive . It belts around you and provides better support for baby . My back feels much better !
 A friend passed her Boppy on to me , so though I was told that My Brest Friend was better , I did n't get one at first -LRB- partly put off by the terrible name -RRB- . I fought with the Boppy for six weeks - and it really did feel like a battle , trying to get it to stay put . I had to wedge other cushions underneath it to raise it high enough , even when crossing my legs to lift it , and baby slid down between me and the Boppy , pushing the cushions away . I tried all sorts of configurations of cushions and pillows , trying to create a stable set-up , which I would have to reconstruct every time I sat down to feed . Dealing with this was a huge pain that I really did n't need , particularly in the middle of the night and when dealing with nipple pain as well . The most I can say for it is that it was better than just using normal pillows , being denser and more resilient.At six weeks I went along to a breast-feeding clinic where they had My Brest Friends , I bought one on my way home , and I never looked back . The MBF may be unwieldy and ridiculous-looking , but it works - even offers much-needed back support.As others have mentioned , the Boppy is handy for tummy time and for supporting sitting babies , and made a very comfy doughnut cushion for sitting on when I was sore after the birth of my second child . But since it 's sold as a nursing cushion , I 'm rating it as such - one star .
 got this as a shower gift ... had i known i would have registered for my brest friend ... used one at the lactation consultant office and was very impressed . the boppy is lumpy and after two months is rapidly losing firmness in its middle .
 The Boppy pillow sucks for breastfeeding ! I was constantly fighting with this pillow . It 's too soft , it 's rounded , and it 's too low . Too soft
 I am not exaggerating I really thought this thing was evil . This thing lays in on your knees , whose breast reach to their knees ?! I had to bend over and this thing was slipping and sliding all over the place and with a wobbly newborn , c-section , and hormonal changes I wanted to torch this thing . Thankfully , a friend told me about `` breast friend '' -LRB- not the best name -RRB- and that nursing pillow saved the nursing experience for us , you can strap it around yourself so you can have it higher and it stays in place , it 's also much better quality so it does n't fold on itself and therefore more comfortable for the baby as well . It 's a bit more money but absolutely worth it.Since we took off the tags of the boppy and washed the covers , we kept and my husband used it for bottle feedings but to us it was not worth the money for what we ended up using it for . I also have friends who did not have a c-section who also regretted buying it . I do n't see the hype , I really do n't .
 When this was first out , you needed it as you didnt have other options , now you do . Boppy 's are small , low which causes mommy upper back/neck issues and its use is very short lived . Plus if you have any chest at all they are not that practical . We researched them after I had a boppy for a week , because I hated them , I thought they were outdated for nursing moms/bottle moms and moms in general . We ended up getting the Natural Boost Adjustable Nursing Pillow by Leachco , which was FANTASTIC ! My son is now 2yrs old and we STILL can use it for so many things ! It lets you adjust the height ! Yep , wether you are tall or short , thin or larger it fits because it isnt meant to go around you , its meant to bring baby to a comfy position for mommy AND baby . It has a bolster pillow that is also velcro 'd on and you can flip it to either side , or move it under you or you can take it off . This was a lifesaver for breast feeding , bottle feeding , reading books or just holding eachother while they are studying mommy -LRB- or daddy 's -RRB- face . I have heard bad comments because it doesnt have a cover-so what , I throw it in with my darks and its been fine . Plus even with a cover babys spit up and you have to wash the covers and I would still wash the pillow-yuck otherwise . I wash it 1X a week and for 2yrs there is no rips , tears or anything . Because you can put the baby higher leaning , it takes away a bunch of gas in the tummy and spitting up since you shouldnt have a baby flat to begin with . Yes we used the boppy for things like holding sitting baby up , using it for a tummy time holder , but that was it . I just wish they came in more colors!Leachco Natural Boost - Adjustable Nursing Pillow - Denim
 In London I use the Widgey pillow and so I thought this was similar . I went to visit my parents in the US and sent one of these to their house . It 's not the same . It 's too soft in the middle and my baby boy was struggling while nursing . It 's not as solid and a great disappointment . My London pillow is amazing !
 maybe it 's because i 'm 5 '11 and it 's meant for a smaller frame but this pillow was never very comfortable and i never use it . . well , actually i use it as a pillow for my neck every now and then but that 's it . waste of money for me , works for a lot of other people i know though .
 I unknowingly purchased this ` miracle middle ' boppy without realizing that it was different than any other boppy -LRB- that everyone I knew said was a MUST have for nursing -RRB- . First , this thing is hard as a rock and has no give what-so-ever ; you ca n't bunch it or fluff it in any way that will make it more comfortable for you or the baby.Second , compared to my friends ' original boppies , this thing seemed WAY smaller so it did n't really fit around my waist . If the miracle middle was supposed to expand or something , it did n't . I 'm not a plus-sized person , but I DID just have a baby for crying out loud.Third , they say all covers fit all boppies , but the spare cover I bought did n't fit . It was way too big.Bottom line
 I never felt comfortable nursing my baby ... physically comfortable . I always felt like he was sitting too high or too low to be comfortable . I thought there was just no happy medium and that maybe I was doing something wrong . After visiting my lactation specialist she had a nursing wedge that I used and suddenly it felt so much more relaxing . I was n't straining to hold his head in position like I did with the boppy . It was firm and not pillowey where he would sink into it . But I did n't want to ditch the boppy so quickly after just buying it so I stuck it out for a few more months then eventually just started propping him up with pillows until it felt comfortable . Next baby I am getting the nursing wedge !
 I got the boppy for helping hold up the baby during breastfeeding . If you want a product for this purpose , I 'd recommend trying a different one -- perhaps the breast friend ? Because the edge of the boppy curves down , the baby falls into that crack / lower spot . It 's just awkward . Also , it 's better to have the baby 's head higher than their tummy to avoid acid reflux -LRB- trust me -- you 'll care about acid reflux :-RRB- -RRB- , and so you 'd have to somehow tip the boppy , which I never figured out how to do . I ended up not using it at all and just using a little square pillow under my arm that was holding her head , and no pillow under her bum .
 The Boppy was never designed or intended to be used as a breastfeeding pillow . While it may have some good uses , if you need a pillow for breastfeeding support , try the My Brest Friend Pillow . The My Brest friend is better for your back , more firm & holds the baby higher to make latching easier . I work in a lactation center & the My Brest Friend is all we use .
 As a nursing pillow , I found the Boppy to be really challenging -LRB- I nursed my son for 18 months -RRB- . I always had to use 3 extra pillows to get my son at the proper height and avoid being hunched over , and I 'm not a tall person -LRB- 5 ' 5 '' and 120lbs -RRB- . When my son was 13 months old I tried a My Brest Friend nursing pillow and was blown away - it puts the Boppy to shame . The Boppy is great for tummy time and for when you little one is learning how to sit on his or her own , but that 's about it .
 I could n't use this pillow to breastfeed . Maybe it is because my daughter is too small -LRB- 10 % -RRB- or I am too small -LRB- 115lbs , 5 ' 5 -RRB- but it kept moving away from me and my daughter sliding between the pillow and me . It was a total waste on that side . I ended up borrowing a My Best Friend pillow which worked great.I did use the Boppy to support her while playing and sitting up . I recommend it for that .
 I had a C-Section and thought this would help . I preferred the stability of my other nursing pillow -LRB- my breastfriend -RRB- . However , before you decide on that pillow
 Many people buy this shampoo thinking it 's all natural , and I read some other posts about loving this `` organic '' lotion , but it is not organic . I purchased some thinking the same thing , and promptly returned it when I noticed some of the ingredients , including alcohol . It is 70 % organic with other chemicals thrown in . California Baby products are truly all natural and only a bit pricier than these . Plus , they smell great too .
 There is so much hype about this product that I had to buy on for son . Ended up using a large zip lock bag after he passed the new born size diapers . Please save your $ 15.00 . Your baby does n't care where his diapers are kept .
 The bag is a nice quality bag but the picture of how the chair actually fits in the bag is misleading . The curved hooks of the chair actually sticks out on either side of the bag . The bag does not fully enclose the chair like it is pictured . It does make it cumbersome to use because if you do n't ensure the screws are locked , the sides will slide out if the bag is tilted or turned upside down . I 've contacted Handysitt by email to enquire about this but have not yet received a response .
 Had following 4 problems with the product - Did not fit a Graco stroller - Features were very rudimentary . It did not even have a zip on the edges to put baby in and out of the stroller . Only way to take the baby out is to take off the cover completely , fold it and keep it aside . Imagine doing that frequently on a shopping trip - It had a depressing yellow tinge . Can not imagine my baby watching surroundings in that depressing color tinge - Material was of very poor quality . Every time you fold it , the line would stay permanent . It would become crumbled very easily and have very poor visibility after that.We returned this one and got the Jeep Premium one instead and are very happy with the product . It has everything that was lacking in this product plus a lot more . With just $ 7 more , it is definitely a better value for your money .
 Kid with long curly hair , lots of tangles ... . this product got the tangles out but dried his hair out in process . Stopped using after a week , no one wants dry brittle hair .
 Wish someone would have told me the bumber to the crib set was n't made for a crib with closed ends ... and that the bumper would eventually lose all it 's shape and some of the ties would come off in the wash . Cute pattern for baby 's room but not a real good value because it does n't really last . Would have paid more for a better made product and will do so with baby # 2 .
 I recived this bedding as a gift from my registery and I just loved it . It is very well made and very soft material . I think this bedding set it 's more for a girl then a boy because the patches on the blanket and bumper have quite a bit of flowers and pink in them , but that 's just my opinion . I 'm not sure if you can see all the detail from the picture . Now my problems with this bedding are as follows ... The blanket it tiny !! It wont even fit the the length of the cradle ... probably like 3/4 the way covered . It 's real dinky and disapointed me a bit because I do n't think I will have much use for it . I think it will be perfect for those who will only use this set while their baby is still newborn ... but I like to use my cradle and bedding well into the 6 month age so I do n't think I will have to much use for the blanket . The quilt is nice and thin , but not too thin or too thick and I liked that it was n't bulcky . My other problem with this bedding is that the bumper was too long for my cradle . It had a few inches more then I needed . I thought maybe my cradle was off size or something so I took it back to -LSB- the store -RSB- . They said this was the 1st complaint that they had of the bumper being to big that my set might be irregular or something . Well I just ended up exchanging it for the flower fields set and it fit my cradle prefect . So beware when you by this set ... the store clerk was very nice and let me try my new bedding on the display cradle before I bought it to make sure it fit .
 The Quilt it very rough and the bumper shrunk .
 Before buying this car seat I read the reviews and they were mixed . I want everyone who reads this review to know that I am very SORRY now that I did n't listen to the bad reviews !!!! My reason for buying this seat was that I thought it would last my child throughout the rest of his car seat days , appeared to have a nice color scheme that would n't show dirt , it had a cup holder , it had growing room and appeared to be a very safe car seat . All of these are true for the seat , but the down falls out weight the good and I hate this seat because of them . The worst problem is the straps for the harness are always twisted !! I will spend the time taking it appart and making sure they are straight and they take no time to twist again . If you think for a second your seat will be different read some other reviews . Next is that the puzzle piece latch is a very big pain !!! My child is very happy to take rides and gives me no problem staying still while buckling him in , but it is very difficult to get the pieces exactly perfect to get it to latch . I would hate to be the parent who has this seat and their child does n't like to sit still . Last is I had to wash the fabric of the car seat and it was a very big pain to get it off and back on !! Please do not buy this seat or any seat that has the puzzle piece latch . Please take this advise from a mother who regrets buying this car seat everytime she puts her child in it .
 I bought this seat because Consumer Reports recommended it . However , apparently nobody at Consumer Reports has children because if they did they would not approve of this seat . It 's difficult to install -LRB- which could be due to the seats in our SUV -RRB- , it is too hard to line up the buckle to snap it in -LRB- who would design such a buckle ?!? And that 's when our daughter is sitting patiently - I ca n't imagine if she were throwing a fit or squirming around -RRB- , and it 's impossible to tighten the straps . We are very -LSB- ... -RSB- when it comes to making sure that the seat is installed with a very tight fit -LRB- no slipping around on the seat -RRB- and not being able to get more than 2 fingers under the shoulder straps . It is impossible to do with this seat . I 'm returning it and looking for a more user friendly seat !! Consumer Reports has n't let us down until now !
 I bought this car seat because I thought it had all of the features that I wanted . What I found is that Cosco has a different kind of tether latch for the rear hook that is much more difficult to adjust than other seats . I have to do it manually instead of just pulling on the strap the way I have done previously with Graco , for example . The tether system for the bottom hooks are uncomfortable to tighten as well and the seat does not remain in place as one would hope . I use it without the base as suggested by the worker from Babies ' R Us who installed it the first time . It sits much too high with the base in . Other than that it is a comfortable seat . Not one that you would want to buy if you ever need to remove and reinstall . I will be replacing it soon and feel that it was a waste of money
 Just wanted to mention that I saw in at least one previous post a person mention that this seat can be used rearfacing and I wanted to be sure to clarify for everyone that this seat is for FORWARD FACING only !
 I absolutely hate this carseat . The only reason I purshased it was b/c consumer reports recommended it . I am all about safety when it comes to carseats . If I was ever in a car accident and my child sustained any injuries I need to know the carseat was correctly installed and my child was properly restrained or I would feel and be responsible.My car is not equipped with the latch system so I use the center lap belt and I can not get this carseat in tight nor my husband . It moves well over an inch from side to side . Even the tether strap is impossible to get tight . This carseat does not seem safe to me at all . I have read many of the other reviews and received some pointers on installation such as changing the recline position . I will definatly try these . But let me say thisNO CARSEAT SHOULD BE DIFFICULT TO INSTALL !!!! I should n't have to do additional research to install this carseat.I also do not like the `` puzzle '' belt for belting my child in . What purpose does that serve other then a hassle . It 's also hard to get the belt snug against my child . The carseat itself is huge nobody else has room to sit in the backseat of my honda civic with my child . The cupholder does n't seem to be appropriatly placed nor the head rest . My child ends up falling asleep with her head next to the side of her body.BUY BRITAX !!!
 What a pain ! Takes so long to get our 2 year old into the seat , haggling with the straps and the complicated , two part buckle . During the recent cold spell we almost froze ourselves and her trying to get her into the thing . We regret buying this thing and may look for another seat .
 I researched this seat for about a month before I finally bought it . I have had it for almost a year and hate it ! If I could give it a lower rating , I would . The straps are always twisting , it is hard to adjust the straps , and my son ca n't buckle himself in . Plus , I ca n't fit any other car seats next to it in my car , because it is so huge ! I will be ditching this seat and buying a new one as soon as I can .
 I bought this car seat for my twins . After using it twice , the straps began to twist . When the straps are twisted , you ca n't tighten the straps . Then , you ca n't use the car seat . Also , I bought it because of the recline . You ca n't use the recline in any car because the car seat is half off the seat . I called Cosco and they told me that all cars wo n't support the car seat . So , I called GM because I have a trailblazer . They told me that my seat is longer than on a car . So , the seat should fit . Even though it was a safety issue with the straps and tightening of the seat , ... refuses to take them back . There is nothing they will do for me . I would watch out when you buy at ... We bought a Graco Platinum instead and the straps never twist . You can feel the difference in the quality of the straps . DO N'T BUY THIS CAR SEAT !!!! YOU WILL BE VERY UNHAPPY !!
 Well this is the 5th carseat I 've personally used . They 're are some good things about this seat but more negative.The good , the seat is stylish , big and roomy . . Your child will have plenty of room to grow . . It 's so highup your child will be able to look out the window easily ... It 's also easy to tighten and loosen straps ... The bad , it 's huge and hardly fits in the doorway of the backseat . Takes up alot more of the backseat then I liked , so not good if you need to put other carseats next to this one . I could n't get this to fit in the car tightly , the seat would wiggle more than a few inches ... The straps drove me nuts , they twisted and twisted to where I had to take the seat straps off and re-thread them . That is one of my biggest drawbacks ... Then when using as a booster the seatbelt comes out of the clip on the side so then the seatbelt rubs your child . What made me eventually throw this away was when my 2 yr . old broke the chest clip and climbed out while I was driving ... If my baby can break the chest clip I am not confident what else will stand up ... especially in a crash . If you are interested in a seat like this go look at the Britax , they 're similar , safer and the straps do n't twist ... If your looking for a booster . . Get the Gracoturbobooster . . My daughter fits better in the turbobooster then any other seat I 've ever used .
 We were so excited about the reviews for this product when we purchased . Unfortunately , we have been less than thrilled with performance of this seat . The straps twisted up so easily that I had to move to the seat belt sooner than desired . My daughter complains of her legs hurting in the seat and the cover is way to difficult to get on and off for frequent cleaning . Overall , the seat is way too large and uncomfortable and I regret the purchase .
 This car seat looks nice and seems convient . However the straps twist so easily . Also when used with the straps my son could not reach the cupholder and was very upset because he wanted to use it . When you recline it you have to redo the seatbelt completely and then the base sticks way out . Also there is hardly and padding in the lower back area , it actually goes in . This is a terrible car seat when used with the five point harness , maybe it 's better as a belt positioning booster , but I 'm not going to wait that long to see !!
 We needed another car seat for our 2year old daughter - 28 lbs , 37 inches tall . We currently have her in a Britax Marathon and love it ! We are going to move our 6 month old into the Marathon , and we did a lot of research on a seat for our 2year old . Consumer Reports and just about every review on Babies R Us website raved about the Cosco Summit High Back Booster - We thought , great - good reviews , it 's half the price of the Britax Marathon , and it 's good up to 100 pounds . We thought this was the solution until we tested it with our toddler in the store . The buckle is difficult to put together , and the straps are impossible to tighten . Also , everything is made of cheap plastic ! I was pulling the strap to tighten the shoulder harness so tight , the plastic surrounding this strap was almost breaking ! Also , the seatbelt guides are very flimsy , and I would definatately not trust them to hold up in an accident . It was a complete waste of time fiddling around with this seat . Consumer Reports got it wrong , and apparantly the other people who `` love '' this seat have never had a Britax . We are getting a 2nd Britax Marathon - the seat is so sturdy , safe , and easy to use . At this point , there 's nothing else on the market to compare !
 After grandma and grandpa accidentally drove to their home 2 hours away with our son 's Brtitax Roundabout carseat -LRB- which we love -RRB- in their car , we decided to do some looking around for a second carseat . I found the good reviews on Consumers ' on this seat , so decided to give this one a try . Well , after 2 days , I am looking forward to exchanging it for the Britax Marathon seat . While I was really hoping this one was going to work , I knew the minute it took my husband 45 minutes to install it in our car that we might have problems . The first annoying feature is how the tether strap installs to the anchor in your car -- you have to adjust the strap first and then install it -- and it is impossible to tighten once it 's anchored on . The other annoying thing is , like everyone else has said , how easily the straps twist -LRB- especially by the thighs -RRB- -- very trying on one 's patience !!! The straps seem to be made of a lighter nylon than the straps on the Britax , so they constantly twist . The third annoying thing is the mechanism to tighten the harness once the child is in the seat . There is a lever you pull up on and it clicks and you must re-pull it a million times to properly tighten the harness . On the Britax , the strap pulls easily , making it a breeze to tighten.I am giving this seat 2 stars because of the Consumer Reports review stating it is a safe seat -LRB- the Britax seat is also rated highly , just a lot more expensive -RRB- . My husband and I agree that safety , of course , is most important , but forget it with this seat -- it 's way too frustrating !!! Needless to say , we are going to pay more and get the Britax which we know is safe , and a lot easier to use !!!!!! I only wish car seat manufacturers would practice taking a child in and out numerous times to iron out the kinks that are so obvious to parents .
 I have 3 children that are all toddlers in car seats . Last year the reviews from consumer reports came out and this chair was on top . I have to question if they actually used the chair to have given it such a high rating . The LATCH is horrible to get to tighen sufficently . And when you need to release it as I often do since I tend to change cars frequently , it is next to impossible to get the buckel for it to work . The rear tether is impossible to tightnen . The harness straps CAN NOT be tightned appropriately . There is always just a little too much give . I have used Fisher Price when the made seats , Graco , and Britax . ALL are better than this death trap . DO N'T BUY IT !!! You will either end up replacing or returning in . And , it takes up so much room on a seat that your 3 person bench seat can only fit 2 seats . And it hangs over the front as well . HORRIBLE !!!!!
 I think it is amazing that I wrote a review on this carseat and they did n't submit it . Maybe it is because they do n't want you to know the information that I provided . Im a concerned mom that goes to the extreme when it comes to safety and my children and I just wanted everyone to know that I spoke with Century -LRB- makes this carseat -RRB- and I also spoke with all the safety numbers that are printed on the seat because I was concerned why the seat would not fit in my Expedition correctly . They informed me that the seat is not made for SUV 's and you ca n't use them in an SUV because of the base , therefore it is not safe to use in an SUV . They have not printed this on the box , because their sales will go down . Please do not remove this message . Im only concerned about safety of children , not the sale of this product . Thanks
 I bought this seat for my 3 year old hoping that he would get more freedom than he had in his older car seat . Well he got his freedom alright . I could not keep him in the seat . The harness system is entirley way too easy for children to figure out and he did figure it out in 1 day . I had the same problem just using the belt and tether straps . He kept undoing the seat belt.Another issue . When I actually did have him in the seat the straps are a major pain ... They twist on a daily basis and are a pain to fix . I also was unable to get the straps tight enough.I think the only way you can recline this seat is if it is not in your car . I have a mini-van and a suv and could not recline the seats.The only plus about this seat was that it is a nice looking seat . Looks do n't save lives though.I ended up buying a incredibly inexpensive low back booster and my child has n't got out of it yet .
 This seat has to be the most frustrating seat EVER created and I wish now that I had taken more time when I was choosing . The hassle I have with it is the clip on the seat belt , it is like a puzzle and is so annoying , my 5yr old gets stressed out every time she has to do as it takes such concentration and is just a total pain . I can not tell you how many tears and stressed out times we have had trying to get her into this seat , the Graco I have in my other vehicle is such a breeze and she can clip herself in everytime without a fuss . The one star is ONLY for that it sits up higher allowing her to see out the window really nicely . DO NOT BUY THIS SEAT unless they have changed the clip on the belt by now .
 I am considering this seat for my 28 month old daughter who has almost reached the weight limit -LRB- she 's 39 pounds -RRB- for her current forward facing seat . Everything I read about this product confirms that it will likely be our next seat . My only concern w/this and any other booster is that my daughter is barely two years old and really too young/immature to sit in a booster . But we have no choice really . It has become difficult at best to secure her into the five point harness on the forward facing seat especially now that winter is here and she is wearing a thick coat . We checked out the Britax Marathon at a Babies R Us store and I really do n't know what all the fuss is about with that seat . I hated that thing , mainly because it is so narrow through the shoulder area that my child was hunching forward . My daughter is tall and heavy for her age , not fat at all , so she should fit in a seat designed to harness a child up to 65 pounds.Anyway , I think the Summit looks good and we hope to use it as a harnessed seat first -LRB- maybe my daughter will hover at the 39 pound mark for a while longer -RRB- then use it for a booster as she reaches 40 pounds . It certainly has some nice features
 This car seat does nothing but swallow up my daughter . She is 14 months and I keep thinking that she will grow into it . Well I just wonder how much longer I will have to wait !
 You do not attach the base of this car seat to the vehicle . It does notwork like an infant seat . It would be difficult to take the base on andoff each time you moved the car seat . It would be very time consumingandwould be pointless to do so .
 I was really dissatisfied with this product . The 5 point harness straps are flimsy and twist all up . The latch & rear tether straps are virtually impossible to get tight because of the buckle mechanism . The drink holder is unreachable for a 5 point harness strapped in child . The harness tightener never seemed to get tight enough -LRB- 2 fingers under chest -RRB- . The recline is good but moves the booster seat way out on the end of the car 's seat . Returned it ! Bought a Graco Platinum - LOVE IT !
 I bought this for my 3 year old and I owuld never buy it again . The straps are forever getting tangled which makes it very hard to buckle the child in . Plus the place where you snap the buckles into is always getting jammed . I would not recommend this car seat
 I love the carseat for my daughter . However I almost broke the thing while taking off the cover to wash it . I also had a hard getting the cover back on . I love the way the seat buckles and I feel very safe with my daughter riding in it but I hope that it stays clean enough not to have to wash the cover again for a while !
 I wanted a seat to replace the Britax roundabout for a tall -LRB- but light -RRB- 3yr old . I bought this one , and I am returning it.The tether is extrememly difficult to use . It should be like the Britax kind when you can tighten it after the seat is in place , but you have to adjust it to the right length BEFORE you put the car seat in ! Also when using the 5pt harness , the shoulder strap is not held as secure as I am used to with the roundabout . The belt locking clip does not keep the seat securely fastened when the shoulder/lap seat belt type is type where the belt has a latch plate that slides freely along the strap .
 I bought this seat when my son turned 3 . He has always been tall for his age , but I found that the edge of the seat , which is not well padded , hit him mid-calf , and his legs would have awful red marks after he rode in it . So , we put it away for a while . Now he is 4 , and at least 45 inches tall , and the edge of the seat still hits the top of his calves and leaves the red mark . In addition to that , my chest clip broke , for no apparent reason , and the recline feature does not work anymore . This is all after minimal use . The cover is nearly impossible to remove and replace unless you dedicate a whole day to the process . When my son falls asleep in the seat , his head falls pitifully far , almost onto his lap . It is not quite as bad with the 5 point harness , but now that I ca n't use that anymore , the regular seatbelt is woefully inadequate . Lastly , this seat is huge . It takes up more room than it should in the seat , and is a pain to move from one vehicle to another . I 'm sorry I bought this seat . A big disappointment .
 After much research we purchased this seat hoping it would last our daughter until she no longer had need for a seat . We 've had the seat for a year and overall find it sufficient . We are currently looking to replace this seat though because the straps get so easily twisted and make it VERY difficult to tighten them !!! The cup holder is also out of reach for little arms .
 I actually measured the height of the top harness slot from the seat and it was 14 inches . The Graco Platinum Cargo and the Evenflo Chase have a top harness slot measurement of 17 inches . So this means that if your kid is in the higher percentiles for height , he/she will go past the top harness slot and if he/she has not gone past 40 pounds in weight you would not be able to use it as a booster . I am assuming that you want to use the 5 point harness till your kid turns at least 40 pounds . So while the car seat might work for you now , you will be in LIMBO some months down the road , since you wont be able to use the harness because you would have run out of height and you would not want to switch to the booster if your kid has not turned 40 pounds.My 14 month son is 33 1/2 inches tall and about 30 pounds in weight and when I tried him in this car seat , I had to use the next from top harness slot with about 1 1/2 inches to spare -LRB- note that the topmost slot is actually for the booster and CAN NOT be used by the 5 point harness system . So i decided to return this since this car seat probably wont work for me if he continues growing taller at the current rate.If it were not for this height problem , I would have really liked to hold on to this car seat since I liked almost all the other features -LRB- including proper back support unlike the Evenflo Chase with the big depression along the back rest which was the worst that I saw .
 i consider myself to be a carseat gestapo when it comes to getting 1 -RRB- the seat tightly enough in the car -LRB- i expect it not to move AT ALL -RRB- , and 2 -RRB- the straps close to my child 's chest -LRB- NO more than 1-2 fingers under the strap at the collarbone -RRB- . well , this carseat has been a nightmare since day one ! although we can get it in our Odyssey so it does n't move -LRB- and yes the tether is a pain to adjust -RRB- , once it 's in we CAN NOT get the straps tight enough on our daughter . i 've pulled and pulled and pulled until i literally popped one of my ribs out of its cartilage -LRB- extremely painful injury -RRB- !!! this seat may be a wonderful booster seat , but it STINKS as a 5-point harness seat . i 'm throwing it away i 'm so disgusted . i 've got a Britax on order and can not wait til it arrives . i love our other Britaxes -LRB- Roundabouts -RRB- that we now use for our son since our daugther outgrew them . i do n't know why i tried to cut corners and buy one seat rather than one now to take her to 65 pounds in a 5-point harness and another later for a booster.carefully examine your child in this seat if you do buy it . my bet is that your child is NOT in the seat tightly enough to be safe .
 I looked long and hard before I purchased a new carseat for my now 2 year old . I wanted something that would recline for long road trip naps and something that would grow with her and be the last car seat I would have to purchase . I am not happy with the recline feature . It does n't recline far enough and her head tips over . We struggle the entire time she sleeps to keep her head propped up . The second problem I have with this carseat is the buckle system ! What a joke ! It takes me FOREVER to get the metal buckle assembled and latched and adjusted for whatever coat she is wearing and can be nearly impossible if she is squirmy or not wanting to get in it . It is easy enough to make bigger for heavy coats , but to adjust back down for light or no coat is impossible . Apparently this type of buckling system is what everyone is using because I am unable to find anything different in other brands . I guess I 'll have to struggle through until she is big enough we do n't have to use the harness and can use the car seatbelt .
 I am so disappointed in this seat . Consumer Reports said it was the only seat they could recommend for this type of scenario ... so I am completely afraid of what else I have in store for me as I shop for a replacement . Twisting straps , hard to latch ... and I swear I am using every tether on the thing in my Honda minivan -LRB- top tether , lap tether and even the vehicle seat belt -RRB- and the bottom still will slide forward if you give it a good yank - this is because the belt channel on the back it far to high up . -LRB- Other car seats I have purchased for my child when he was smaller had NO such problems . -RRB- Adjustment strap mechanisms are quite hidden ... so people who do n't install the seat might find it hard to make even simple adjustments . But what made me so upset that I am taking time out of my day to sit here and write this ? **************** You better hope your child never has a loose diaper or spilled drink ! The entire seat MUST be removed from the vehicle to get the covers off for washing ... wait - not only do you have to remove from the car , you have to remove all the latch hardware - wait ... - you also have to pry harness guides out of holes with a screwdriver ! -LRB- yes , this is even documented in the instruction manual - wish I had read that portion of the book before installing this in the first place ! -RRB- I plan to return this seat immediately .
 This car seat features look great but the back of our son 's thigh turned red and complained that it hurts when he 's riding in it . -LRB- Maybe thicker paddings may help . -RRB-
 When it was time for our child to graduate to a larger car seat , I researched -LRB- for about 3 months -RRB- to determine which one would be the safest and easiest to use . My daughter had been in a Britax Roundabout -LRB- which we absolutely adored -RRB- and wanted to get another car seat from Britax , but at the time the only one that they made that fitted our needs was only available to purchase on-line -LRB- it also had a few bad marks for being too big and we were worried that it would n't fit in out car -RRB- . So , after my months of research , I came to the decision that the Cosco Summit was the best pick . It had high ratings from most of the web sites that I had visited and we had gone to the store to test it out . With that , we purchased it , and have regretted it ever since . It was difficult to put in the car , the harnesses for the latch system and strap to tether it to the back of the car are so difficult to tighten that my husband nearly gave up . Neither me nor my husband had any problems moving our Britax from car to car , it was so simple to install . With the Cosco , I CA N'T move it myself . I have to have my husband do it , which is a huge inconvenience ! The straps are constantly twisting , which makes it difficult to put a child in the car when you are in a hurry or are standing in the pouring down rain ! It is also difficult to tighten the straps once the child is in the seat . Needless to say , we will be purchasing a different car seat and it will be a Britax -LRB- they have since come out with a new , less bulky model -RRB- . From now on , the only car seats that we will buy will be from BRITAX .
 A little known fact of this car seat compared to the Alpha Omega is that you must use the base -LRB- verified via phone by Cosco -RRB- . It is a good seat if you can use the base , but if you have bucket type seats in your car , or leather , I would not purchase this seat -LRB- the sides dig into the leather -RRB- . Spend the extra $ and go for the Alpha Omega !
 I bought this seat for my daughter when she was 3 1/2 . The belts are thin and twist so easily , they are thin and cheap . the little plastic latch broke in less than a year and had to be replaced . The seat she graduated out of had belts 1000X better , they were as thick as regular seat belts in your car and never twist . I really wish I had paid better attention to this when buying it b/c now I am in the market for a better one . Also it is very tall and is taller than my back seat -LRB- we have a Dodge Durango -RRB- . I think it looks tacky , which is not very important , but I will be paying attention to this feature also as I fork out another 100 + bucks for a seat that is worth my child sitting it .
 My husband and I purchased 2 of the Summit car seats over 1 1/2 years ago . We had 2 Fisher Price 2 in 1 car seats which we are still using and are completely happy with , but with baby 2 we needed additional seats . We purchased the Summit after talking to store personnel about the safety and features . They are the biggest pain to deal with .1 . The straps twist like crazy -LRB- the Fisher Price ones and our Graco infant seat never once have -RRB- .2 . The top lock on the harness is too easy for a child to open and after some time , does n't even stay on locked on one of the two anymore .3 . If my child falls asleep in the seat , his head about touches his knees , which ca n't be all that safe .4 . We had to buy a locking mechanism to get it to install tight enough in the vehicles we drive -LRB- no SUVs -- we 've had them in cars , trucks and mini-vans -RRB- .5 . My son -LRB- and now my daughter since they like to switch seats occassionally -RRB- constantly complain about their feet and legs falling asleep in the seats . This never happens in our other car seats.We have noticed that Cosco has made some minor improvements since we purchased ours ... the belts are made of thicker material now and the top lock on the harness is different and a little better made now.We still would never recommend one to any consumer and have made a point to discourage other shoppers at local stores while there . We are going to cut our losses and replace both seats .
 DO NOT BUY THIS SEAT IF YOU HAVE A CHEVY VENTURE MINIVAN ! It just does n't work . I read this elsewhere on bulletin boards , but wanted to try it nonetheless since it is the only one recommended by Consumer Reports . There is just no good way to put it in . No matter how tight you get the lap/shoulder belt -LRB- with or without the locking clip -RRB- , when you tighten the tether strap , the bottom slides way out off the edge of the seat . -LRB- Note
 I bought this car seat for my son several months ago . After continuously trying to keep the straps from twisting we tried using it as a booster seat . He is 35lbs but only 26 months and too immature for that so I am going to buy a britax marathon . The straps twisting is a big deal because if you are in an accident and they are twisted they act as a rope and cut your child . They dont twist in all car seats . I have never had this problem with our fisher price seat . . ever . Thicker straps dont twist . The other thing about this seat is I have never been able to get it tight in any car with the seatbelt only . It does very well with the LATCH . Oh yes , and the tether is a pain in the rear to tighten . It takes forever and is unneccesarily difficult .
 I bought this seat because it was the only one recommened by consumer reports . I hate it . It was hard to install because of the tether strap design . The base is so big it wo n't stay snug on the seat . It wo n't fit in my mothers car . This is the only seat I 've ever had trouble moving around from car to car . It fits well in my father 's Lincon so if you can afford a luxary car you 're set . As for the rest of us ... I 'm fine with the straps but I can see how people may think they twist easy . Please remember you must loosen and tighten the straps each and every time you take your child out . No matter what seat you have . This will generally take care of twisted straps . The buckle is n't that hard once you 've done it but the part the children mess with is the chest buckle with is an easy slide design . It 's a very hard seat if you 're leaving your child with someone and they have to figure it out because then the whole thing is very difficult . The strap for the seatbelt to pass through is along the back and not on the bottom and this makes the seat tip backwards towards the back part of the seat and the base to slip forward thus becoming loose . I would ignore the saftey reports and buy something else . I mean if the Highway saftey patrol gives away a different brand then it must be ok .
 My wife recently purchased two of these booster seats for our minivan to replace the old , smaller ones our two boys have used . The seat looked great and I think the kids would be very comfortable in them . However , we will never know because I am asking her to return the seats . The problem is the tether system - as others have pointed out , attaching the tether is no problem . Tightening the rear tether is nearly impossible in a minivan . Basically , you are working `` blind '' under the seat using a ridiculous system that reminds me of trying to tighten children 's goggles . The older car seats -- that also use the latch system -- are a total breeze to attach and tighten . I am extraordinarily unimpressed that a seat of this cost would contain such a difficult to use tightening system . I would never be able to get the seat installed and uninstalled safely in any manner of time . It is the kind of thing that has you muttering after a few seconds because you realize the company either -LRB- a -RRB- never tried to use this seat in a minivan or -LRB- b -RRB- just did n't care . Anyhow , if you have the need to ever take these seats out -- like , say , to clean out all the kid 's food gunk that somehow finds a way under the seat -- than it is not worth the frustration . Pass is my advice . Better to be sure you can install the seat safely and easily whenever you need to . After all , safety is the whole reason for a car seat for the kids .
 I originally liked this gate very much . I bought two of them . They installed easily and worked well - for a while . It is one year later . The springs on both gates are shot and the gates do not close automatically - sorth of a misnomer for an `` auto close '' gate . I had to rig a small bungee cord to each gate to pull them closed . The latches on both gates have broken several times . While you can order replacement parts on-line , the original part design is deficient - they should not break so easily ! I am an engineer and I know good part design . These are not well engineered . The size and shape of the parts causes them to be weak by design . The materials used in the manufacture of these gates is inferior . Bottom line - this is NOT a durable gate and over time will cost you more money in upkeep to replace broken parts . It is more trouble than it is worth.Put your hard earned money into a different gate that is made in the USA of quality materials - one that is well designed to endure the many openings and closings that a gate will experience over its lifetime .
 I purchased this gate because the description specifically stated that no mounting hardware was required . You lied . It does require mounting cups to be glued or screwed to a wall . I bought this because I only wanted it installed temporarily while our dog is a puppy , so I did not want to leave any marks on the wall . Had I known it required hardware , I would have bought something else . Further , I am glad I bought it to keep my puppy from wandering in the house and not to keep a child safe . The latch is useless because I can push it open with very little force .
 This may have been a good product , but the boxes arrived damaged and the gates broken . -LRB- I bought two -RRB- Absolutely not the carriers fault . Amazon did such bad packing , there was no way it could have survived the trip . And since the delivery box was damaged , I would have to pay the local pack and ship to return the damaged gate and then wait for replacement.With a new puppy in dire need of gating , I went to the local PetSmart and bought this product off the shelf from them . Should have done that in the first place and saved myself the hassle . The Amazon extension is headed to the trash.As a side note , I also bought the gate extensions , and those arrived not damaged , but destroyed . An even worse packing job by amazon .
 Recieved the gate with parts missing . When I notified Amazon , they indicated repair/replacement parts were not available and I would have to return and reorder the product . As my wife needed it , this was not possible . This is not a reflection of Amazon but on hte manufacturer .
 We 've had this gate for about a year and loved it . It has been very sturdy at the top of our staircase and the auto-close mechanism has been working fine . This morning , our toddler gently bumped the CLOSED and APPARENTLY LOCKED gate with her tricycle , the gate flew open , and she tumbled end over end down the stairs , landing on her back four steps down . Horrifying . I was standing right next to her as this happened and had had no inkling that there was anything wrong with the gate . Afterward , the gate would just push open with a light touch . Tonight , after jiggling it some while trying to figure out which part of the mechanism failed , the gate is magically working again -- but of course , we ca n't trust it . UPDATE
 This is the biggest piece of crap we 've been duped into buying in a long , long time.Issues we found when trying to install the gate :1 -RRB- It is NOT a pressure mounted only gate - you must screw the cups into the wall -LRB- they provide adhesives but they do n't stick to the wall or the door frame at all -RRB- 2 -RRB- The cups that have to be screwed into the wall do n't stay still when you screw the pressure mounts into them in order to secure the gate and have it work properly3 -RRB- It is NOT `` made in the USA '' - it is made in China , and this was very falsely advertised4 -RRB- It is NOT easy to install - the directions have 4 steps and read worse than any Ikea instructions I 've ever used -LRB- and I 've used a lot -RRB- - the directions boil down to `` step one
 This diaper bag is made of cheap plastic . For the money I felt that it should have lasted more than THREE WEEKS . Two hooks snapped off . The main material of the bag ripped . I am not wasted any more time on this bag buy anything else !!!
 I was looking for a wireless security system , because I thought that it would easier tham running wires . I selected this product and even ordered two additional cameras . I installed all per the directions . I was really excitied when I turned them all on . However , the excitement did not last long . The image on the monitor is fuzzy . There are lines goingup & down the screen all the time . When the monitor switches from camera to camera it is noisy . Cameras came to be weather proof , do n't believe it . Amazon is and was no help when I tired to return them . Manufacturer is and was no help when I tired to return them . Do not waste your time and money on these poorly designed units that the manufacturer does not even want back . I am a quality professional and I think that this system needs to be back to the design phase .
 I would suggest that if you have a wireless router in your home for your PC / Computer than this product would not be the best monitoring system . Why , because it interferes with transmission from wireless devices such as a router which run on 2.4 GHz.I had problems displaying the video to the point where I could get a clear picture through the monitor .
 This diaper bag is made of cheap plastic . For the money I felt that it should have lasted more than THREE WEEKS . Two hooks snapped off . The main material of the bag ripped . I am not wasted any more time on this bag buy anything else !!!
 We bought this to protect our Britax Roundabout on our annual cross-country flight back to see the family at Christmas . We like the concept that it has more than one use , however , while we were zipping the car seat in at the airport , the zipper started separating . We were able to get it to zip back together and it seemed fine once we got it closed , but I was worried about our expensive car seat during the flight . We had the same problem coming back . It seems like they should get a much stronger industrial zipper that does not have teeth that will just come apart . I was especially surprised because our car seat is one of Britax 's smaller seats - as I understand it the popular Marathon model is wider . I do n't think this bag would work at all for anything larger . As it is , I will probably purchase a new bag when we fly again so that the airlines do not wreck our seat if this cover comes off .
 I am an internet shopper . I review everything before I buy it . This diaper bag seemed great after I read the reviews , but IT IS NOT ! I do n't require a lot of space every day , but I would like to be able to fit 2 - outfits -LRB- newborn ! -RRB- , burp rags , bibs , and one thin blanket on the inside of my bag , without having to take all the items out to find anything . There are these long shallow pockets across the top . If you put anything in them -LRB- paci , tiny motrin bottle , cellphone -RRB- , then you really ca n't reach into the bag below , because those top compartments are sticking out into the middle of the bag , trapping the bottom items in the bag . And the main compartment and outside pockets all have velcro , so try getting your outfits and blanket in and out without snagging them . Try putting your own arm down in there , without snagging the sleeve of your shirt or sweater . Impossible ! I just absolutely hate this bag . No other way to say it . I have never reviewed anything so negatively on Amazon . Very disappointing . Maybe I can sell it for half of what I paid , so that someone who feels the way the other reviewers do can buy it !
 My husband had it in his truck and I had a Britax Marathon in my car . He had trouble securing the seat , the straps are flimsy and I hate the buckle . When my brother gave us one of those little booster seats that are just a bottom and 2 arm rests , we ditched the Eddie Baur and are just using that in my husband 's vehicle . My son is 5yrs and 50lbs so well within the age to use just a booster . My husband did not want to keep the Eddie Baur as a booster b/c he said it flopped around too much when son was getting into and out of it . My husband would have to climb in the back of his truck to hold the seat steady so my son could get in and out . I do not have that problem with my Britax Parkway booster seat .
 I purchased this car seat without having done a lot of research . I have since found out that the `` Insurance Institute for Highway Safety and the University of Michigan Transportation Research Institute '' listed this seat as one of 13 that they do n't recommend as it does n't `` put children in the best position to be protected in a crash . '' Had I better researched this seat beforehand , I would not have purchased it .
 I hate to write this review because it will sound so cranky , but here goes : Maybe we 're spoiled , but the latch clips on this seat are bare bones metal clips instead of the seatbelt-like ones on our Britax products . They were nearly impossible to clip into the car , and would n't stay tight once they were clipped in . -LRB- We had to resort to using the car seatbelt , which was what we had tried to avoid in the first place by buying a LATCH compatible seat . -RRB- The rear tether is so hard to tighten it 's ridiculous -LRB- involves threading over and under and over again in an 8-shaped buckle , and in our Jetta , at least , could not be tightened while clipped . -RRB- We had to unclip , tighten , unclip , tighten , etc. to get it to an acceptable level . Then when we wiggled the seat to check the secureness , it loosened and slid all over . -LRB- the seatbelt was tightly ratcheted , so it was n't that it was installed improperly . -RRB- The base is large and has open edges which leave an impression on the car 's upholstery immediately , and the final straw was that once my son was in , the belts were twisty and skinny . We returned it the next day .
 I purchased this car seat for my granddaughter and use it 2 - 3 times a week . I find the hooks difficulty to open when a child is in it . I do n't have the patience and time to deal with it with a nine month old also in the car . The seat itself is fine and easy to attach to the car itself .
 Although the seat itself is very nice , I was extremely disappointed in the way it attached to the vehicle . The way the straps fastened and tightened was very unsatisfactory . The buckles did not tighten securely and the the release mechanism was frustrating at best . Look for better attachments !!
 First , StorkCraft enclosed the wrong assembly directions.After downloading the correct directions online , they BEGAN with the assumption that pieces were already assembled previous to arriving at my door.Honestly , I 've been assembling the baby 's furniture for the past month , but this mess of parts , screws , and poor direction takes the cake.Unless you have an engineering degree I 'd absolutely stay away from this product unless it 's pre-assembled .
 This was the only Storkcraft piece I bought and I must say I am extremely disappointed . The product physically looks like the one pictured , but it is the smallest 5 drawer chest I have ever seen in my life . The actual size is probably smaller than an ordinary 3 drawer chest . The construction quality was terrible compared to all other furniture I have purchased . A couple of the boards have been physically wet before and were water stained . The woodgrain looks to be lithographed on instead of an actual wood that is stained . For the money I would avoid this piece , I would of paid maybe $ 100 for ir from wal-mart , but the quality and size are a major disapointment .
 We got this for our first baby . My boyfriend put it together and within days it was falling apart . The metal screws do not fit right and the drawers are not strudy . I am in love with the way it looks and will find away to fix it . Maybe Rhino glue . All in all , not worth the money , and stress . Not even made of wood . Scrathes very easily
 Absolutely aweful ! The construction is part wood and part `` like-wood . '' Because of our disappointment we conducted further research on this product and discovered that much of the construction is n't real wood . That sure explains a lot because when my husband was putting it together the `` wood '' was chipping off and literally crumbling in the areas where the screws are . I 've never seem such poor quality in my life . Please save yourself the trouble and hassle and DO NOT purchase this product . I do n't know how this item passed baby safety standards .
 The side panel on the item came cracked but we did n't notice until after we put it together . Since its impossible to take apart or fit back in the original box , I asked amazon to send us a new box in order to return the defective product . They are unable to so I am stuck as a new mom with a cracked dresser with drawers that only open half way . This thing is to safe for a nursery . Do not buy .
 Initially we LOVED this chest . After about six months though , the drawers started getting stuck , coming off track , for no apparent reason . While we still use it after four years -LRB- because of the $ $ we paid - ca n't afford to replace it -RRB- , we have to repair it and fix the drawers about every 6 months or so , just to keep it usable . Otherwise they become jammed and you ca n't open them . Do NOT recommend .
 I 've had plenty of assembly furniture in my day . This is by far the absolute worst I have ever seen . PLEASE , do not waste your $ $ . I never write thess reviews , but had to in this case . I only wish I could rate it lower to get the average down . Do n't be fooled by ` staged ' reviews !!!
 Very cheap product . It is made out of cardboard and you have to assemble it yourself . It chips very easily . And it was in terrible shape when it arrived . Very expensive for the quality . I 'm afraid because it looks and feels to be very unsafe for a nursery dresser . I do n't recommend it to anyone .
 This dresser is not very well made . The other day I accidentally chipped the veneer finish with my fingernail . The descriptiom claims it has sturdy cam lock construction and the cam locks fall out all the time no matter how much they are tightened down , making the drawer come apart in the corner . For almost $ 300 I was expecting something more solid and sturdy . This piece of furniture will most likely only make it through one child . It wo n't be one of the pieces that can be passed down . The stain is also not the same on all of the front of the drawer panels . Some of the drawers are darker than others . On the good side , it was n't too complicated to put together , the drawers slide easily and it is nice looking even if it 's cheap . And just a warning , even though amazon says it is eligble for free shipping it is not . They consider it an oversized item , so that adds on about another $ 50 to the price .
 Lots of particle board , that may not even be m.d.f. . The drawer bottoms are thick cardboard . If I had seen this product in a store , I would have not purchased it . Oh well ... live and learn .
 Save yourself time and money by not ordering any products from Stork Craft . I ordered this dresser from Amazon , and it was at my door in two days . Sadly , one of the side panels had a MAJOR spider-web crack in it . I followed the instructions and called the company . I spoke with a representative , and set up an order to be shipped a new panel . A week after the order , I had not received the confirmation email -LRB- they said processing time would be about 3 business days -RRB- . I called the company back , and they had still not processed my order . I made them process the order while I was on the line to make sure it would be done . Almost 3 weeks after the initial phone call , the replacement panel arrived with another spider-web crack , and with 3 of the 5 metal drawer rollers flattened against the wood.I called the company a second time , and was then treated very unprofessionally . They treated me as if I was a liar , stating that every piece of furniture was `` thoroughly inspected '' before being shipped out for replacement . However , it seemed hard to believe being that the packaging the panel came in was it great shape . Even the thick bubble wrap lining the part was still in tact . The defects in the panel must have come from storage , so it seems they have a very poor inspection requirement . The representative even forced me to email pictures of the damaged second panel before they would ship me another replacement . After this long battling , I tried asking Stork Craft to ship the panel with a quicker method . My son 's due date was then about a month out , and I did n't want to wait another 3 weeks for the panel to arrive . They refused , and the best I was able to obtain was for them to process the order with me on the phone , trimming my waiting period to only be 2 weeks before the replacement arrived.When the 3rd panel arrived , I had very low expectation , and rightfully so . The panel had blemishes , and a large scratch about 6 inches long on the outer face , from one of the corners towards the center of the piece . I realized that this was the best I was going to get . I just tried to hide the scratched area of the dresser in my son 's room with other items so no one would notice.The dresser itself is very nice . The color is great , and seems very sturdy . I am satisfied with the product -LRB- or well , I would be if I had one that did not have any defects -RRB- . Save yourself the anxiety , do n't buy from this company . Or , make sure to buy from a store and inspect the pieces before you take them home .
 The directions were n't difficult , though it did take quite awhile to put this piece together . However , once together , it looks horrible . The drawers are all warped ! Not a single drawer is straight ~ they are all crooked . One drawer is a darker stain than all the others , and the screws for the knobs are already stripped . We 're keeping it even though it looks hideous , simply because it would be too much of a pain to take the whole dang thing apart , try to repack it properly , and pay to ship it back . I 'm extremely disappointed . The quality is awful . I would give this 0 stars if I could .
 We ordered this dresser to match the Storkcraft Deborah stages crib and changing table -LRB- both excellent products -RRB- . However , this dresser is a piece of crap . We ordered it from Walmart.com in February . It came completely banged up , with parts missing , and other parts not even fitting together properly . We called the company three different times to get replacement parts -LRB- they sent us the wrong piece the first time around -RRB- ... it is now the end of June and we are still waiting on the last piece . The dresser is made of venier , not hardwood like the website claims . It is a different color than the crib and changing table -LRB- we ordered the cognac -RRB- and does n't match the rest of the furniture . Definitely not worth the money ...
 I have never written a review in my life , but I hate this dresser so much I had to warn other potential victims . FIrst of all , it comes in a million pieces that you then have to assemble . My husband is a carpenter and he was appalled at how difficult it was . As many other 's have said it chips so easily . Then the more you use the dresser the more it begins to come lose at all the posts and the railings come unscrewed until the drawers are no longer functional . I emailed the part manufacturer and they advised me to tighten all the posts . After I did that it worked ok for about another week until they all started coming lose again . With a 5 month old baby I simply do not have to time to go and retighten all the posts and rails every two weeks or so , it 's ridiculous . On a positive note , I also got the stork craft crib and glider which I am very happy with .
 I recently purchased this bag for a trip to Florida . We gate-checked the stroller and car seat in this bag . When we arrived to Baltimore to change planes the bag already had huge holes in it . We continued using it on to Florida and then on the return trip . It got to the point we were n't sure if everything would fall out . I would not recommend this product .
 This bag did not last one leg of a trip from CA to HI though it got my expensive stroller there in one piece -LRB- so I guess it did its job -RRB- . There are tears and rips which I have tried to patch but more come each time I use . Thank god it did not cost me as much as the stroller in it but it was n't free either - hence 2 stars .
 Very disappointed with this bag ! I got this for my 10 month old 's stroller for a family trip to FL . On the very first flight down there was already a hole in the bottom o the bag . I 'm hoping I can get my money back ... What a waste !
 I got this for use to hold the stroller on the airplane . The zipper was messed up when I opened the package . The other zipper still worked , so no worries . We packed the stroller in it and checked it . One round trip flight and the bag had a hole in the back of it . I do not recommend it for airline travel .
 This bag seemed like the perfect solution to protecting or Graco Quattro Single , but it failed the durability test . We took a packed flight to Hawaii from Chicago -LRB- 10hr flight -RRB- and when we arrived our stroller and bag had a 5 inch cut in them . The stroller was clean though . They said because it was a full flight and lots of luggage the friction of the luggage moving against the bad is probably what happened . I would not reccommend this bag if you plan on traveling on a long packed flight .
 Bought the bag for a recent trip , yes , it fit the stroller and car seat , unfortunately , after the first flight , it was ripped all over , after the second leg , more rips . I would not recommend this bag , it is nothing but a large canvas bag with no strength .
 This bag barely fit our Chicco Cortina stroller . Each time it had to be muscled in and the zipper barely closed after much pushing and pulling .
 Given that the official BOB stroller bag is well over $ 100 , and that this bag says it compatible with the BOB , I thought I 'd give it a shot . Big mistake . While the bag is quite large , it is not large enough to fit a BOB unless you take all three wheels off . And once in the bag , I had no doubt that in that state our BOB would not survive a single flight.It should be noted that the bag is simply a very large duffle bag . From the picture I assumed it had either some light padding or at some structural elements -LRB- e.g. rigid corners/edges -RRB- to help it hold its shape . Alas no , so the bag offers just slightly more protection than double bagging in heavy duty garbage bags -LRB- i.e. protect the contents from grime and abrasion -RRB- . While that would be more than okay for our umbrella stroller or snap-n-go -LRB- which have a lot more plastic -RRB- , given the important bits that stick out of a folded BOB -LRB- especially the flat metal shock brackets and front fork -RRB- I would be more surprised than not if a BOB did n't end up damaged during transport.That said , it is a well made , gigantic duffle bag and I 'm sure I 'll find a use for it . But not , alas , for the purpose for which I purchased it .
 We brought this in an effort to protect our brand new Britax B-Ready stroller -LRB- and the second seat -RRB- . We could just barely squeeze all the pieces inside - we had to take all the wheels off of our stroller -LRB- the large back wheels are not that convenient to take off -RRB- . Our stroller did end up damaged and broken - a risk we were prepared for when we decided to bring it . The bag had some small holes as well . It was a MASSIVE PAIN to carry through the airport with two young children . We ended up lugging the bag full-of-stroller because it was such a hassle to completely disassemble our stroller and struggle to fit it in . I did n't think the B-Ready was a very large double stroller -LRB- as far as doubles go -RRB- so I do n't know how many `` dual strollers '' this travel bag could fit . Unless they mean two small umbrella strollers ... So , if you have a B-Ready and want to Gate check it along with the second seat , I would not recommend this bag . We actually took an even greater risk and checked it with baggage on one leg because it was so horrendous to carry . However , if your stroller is smaller -LRB- the width of the B-Ready with the back wheels on could not fit into the bag -RRB- or folds up smaller , this would probably do an adequate job of protecting it . Just consider that if you have two -LRB- ours were 4 months and 22 months at the time -RRB- children , completely taking apart your stroller at the gate and trying desperately to shove it in the bag , and then dragging the bag along with your two children down the gate to the spot where you can leave your gate-check items is pretty much the worst thing ever . Especially if you are pressed for time!My other complaint is that , when full , it is horrendous to carry . If there were backpack like straps or something , perhaps it would be easier , but trying to manage it for any distance with the narrow shoulder strap -LRB- or the handles -RRB- is very cumbersome . It is a sturdy-ish canvas material which also prevents it from easily folding up and storing away.I unfortunately can not recommend a better option - we just wo n't travel with a stroller ever again . I 'd rather use carriers - I 'd rather wear TWO children myself , than to deal with that again -LRB- and risk further damage to our expensive stroller -RRB- . On the plus side , it 's pretty cheap for a stroller bag and perhaps slightly more protective than the nylon red ones .
 Our graco duoglider just barely fit into this bag with no room to spare . It worked for what we needed but the bag had small rips after the first leg of our trip and the zipper is pretty cheaply made and broke on the second leg - probably because it was strained by the stroller barely fitting . The rips can be easily patched and the zipper fixed but for $ 25 I feel like it should have made it through at least one whole trip intact ...
 I can not stand how much this thing smells . I do n't know how this can possibly be a no rinse clenser . Why would anyone want to have this kind of smell linger on the delicate infant skin ? I use it on my baby but I always wash it off with a wet washcloth afterwards so I can remove that strong chemical smell . It 's like putting a Chanel # 5 on a seven year old . Horrible .
 Perhaps I was using this wrong , but this is by far the least favorite product of mine in the mustella line . It left my baby 's skin sticky and I was n't impressed with the smell - no where as good as the other mustella products , which i love !
 horrible quality - love the animals.might try to get it laminated as it was SO SO expensive for a place mat !
 It is just a piece of sheet plastic . I thought placemats had to have some sort of texture on the back so that it sticks a bit to tables . Similar to suction cups , if you get what I 'm saying . I mean , my cats placemats have that ! This moves about all over the place . What is the point of that ? I feel it was overpriced , but I guess I will use it . I am ... disappointed . Maybe I should have just got a cat placemat .
 Less than two weeks after receiving the item the zipper has already busted - and I 've been using it with only THREE bottles - not even the six that are advertised .
 I was excited when I found this cooler . I have twin boys , so I need double the bottles no matter where I go . Basically , long story short , when the desciption said it would fit `` standard '' bottles , I figured I was using the right type . Apparently , Avent bottles are not `` standard . '' This cooler wants tall , skinny bottles , but unfortunately I -LRB- and everyone else I know -RRB- use short , stalky bottles . I think this product was designed a long time ago when tall , skinny bottles were popular . If you use Dr. Browns , I 'm sure they would fit -LRB- although they might be too tall -RRB- , BUT ... if you use Avent , Tommie Tippy , etc. . . then look else where . I 'm pretty disappointed . I will continue my search , I guess . On the up side , the price here is cheaper than Babies-R-Us .
 The cooler is well designed and good for size to still fit in the diaper bag . The handle strap is n't too long and it 's easy to quickly grab without having yards of strap to hold or bunch together for storage . I 'll be returning this product , becasue I 'm not pleased with how the inside lining has not been sewn to each corner/edge seam of the cooler on the main compartment of the coooler . The top compartment lining is sewn to each seam/corner . The liner is just sloppy and bluky on the inside of the main compartment and the liner material is not great quality . I 'm bummed the construction of the liner is n't more well made , I like the design , size and funcitons of this cooler for tall bottles and baby food jars/spoons , etc. . I can fit 6 Dr. Brown 's 8 oz . standard bottles in the cooler with 1 ice pack in the bottom , but it 's almost too tight of a fit to get the top of the cooler zipped when the bottles are fully assembled w/caps on the bottles . The 6 Dr. Brown 's standard 8 oz . bottles would fit better without being assembled and simply have the Dr. Brown 's Natural Flow Standard Storage Travel Caps on the bottles . If 6 Dr. Brown 's standard 8 oz . bottles are packed w/out assembly and with only storage caps , there is little to no space left for Dr. Brown 's bottle parts or additional ice packs in the main compartment of the cooler , unless fewer bottles were packed or the upper compartment of the cooler was used for the Dr. Brown 's bottle parts . The Dr. Brown 's 8 oz . standard bottle reserviors fit well in the top compartment of this cooler along with the other Dr. Brown 's bottle parts needed for feeding .
 DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND DO NOT BUY THIS BAG . I OPENED THE ITEM AND THE INSIDE IS POORLY MADE ! IT LOOKS LIKE I SEWED THE BAG TOGETHER ! THIS ITEM SHOULD BE IN THE $ .99 CENT STORES .
 I was disapointed in how flimsy the material was.As it is for children to eat food on , I expected it to be able to be a little durable . Instead the color and drawings came off after a few scrubbings.Do yourself a favor and buy something that is made of plastic - this is like cardboard that has been run threw an ink printer .
 I purchased this because it was PVC free and it looked cute . After a few washes the pictures started to wear off . My son put a big scratch on it just by scrapping his fork on it - it was n't done with much force either . My son likes to color on it now instead of using it at meal times . He uses a `` big boy '' place-mat now . I liked a lot of the features on the screen but it just did n't hold up . If I were to get a new place-mat , I would start with a different brand .
 We received 4 placemats made by Crocodile Creek about two years ago . They 're fun placemats , but they do n't last . The color fades with normal sponge washing after meals . Now , each placemat has many white areas where the color has completely disappeared . Further , I had to throw one placemat away because it developed a large crack . I 'm now looking for new placemats . Overall , I would steer away from Crocodile Creek products unless they substantially improve the quality .
 I normally shop online so I can check the reviews first before buying something , but I thought a gate sold at Babies R Us would at least work!I consider myself extremely handy , and have never had problems installing or building any product in my life . Bob Villa could n't even install this gate properly . It 's designed so badly , even if it were perfectly installed , it could never operate as advertised . The included screws were garbage also , they came right out of the wall after hanging the gate.Never buy a product from Summer . They obviously prey on people too lazy to return stuff .
 Never used the alarm , that would be annoying ! I did not buy the gate for that feature . This gate is loud enough when opening and closing on it 's own , no need for an alarm . But that is not my gripe . The bottom hinge of this gate , which is plastic , broke after about 6 months of use . The button by the handle broke off before I finished installing it . It was pointless anyway so we did n't need it . I bought it for the extra tall feature and had to reconstruct my halfwall at the top of the stairs to do this ! I 'm proud of my construction but disappointed in the gate . Should have gone with the safety 1st .
 Had to return two of these gates due to manufacturing defects . The latch bolts can not be screwed into the gate far enough because the nuts welded into the gates are not aligned properly . Additionally , plastic support hinges are too weak . Screws and anchors for mounting brackets pulled out before I had the gate fully installed . I will get a different brand instead of this one , and suggest others do the same .
 This is absolutely the WORST gate I have ever bought and wish I had never laid eyes on it ! The thing falls off the wall because it is METAL and far too heavy for the PLASTIC parts used to `` secure '' it to the wall , it does not close and latch properly , is easily pushed or pulled open even by my little 15-month-old , and the `` lock '' -LRB- also plastic -RRB- snapped off after only 1 week of use , so it will not even stay locked now . The hinges used to hold it onto the wall do not stay clamped together and when you lift it to swing it open , it pops right off and the springs go flying and the gate falls to the floor . I agree , if this could be given negative ratings , I sure would do it !!!
 This gate is the worst baby product we have EVER bought ! It took my husband around two hours to properly install it and the next day the hardware came out the wall . . he fixed it again , this time putting anchors in the walls . A few hours after that my 13 month old figured out how to open it . About a week after buying and installing it , it completely fell on our brand new hardwood floors and gashed them badly ! Now we have floors that need to be reapired and holes in our walls that do n't line up with other gates .
 We purchased this gate after the simple and secure gate by the first years broke . -LRB- the locking mechanism snapped -RRB- The templates were off ... therefore it took my husband about 3 hours to get it up ... and it still was n't right . I was so sick of drilling holes into our banister that I told him to put it in the box . I returned it and purchased the hands free gate . We are using it downstairs and so far I am very pleased with it !
 We bought this gate to put at the top of our stairs . It is HORRIBLE ! It took us 2 hours to install , after having to put 3 different sets of holes in our wood banisters since the templates are not correct . FINALLY after getting it installed , we realize that you absolutely can not leave the gate open without the alarm going off -LRB- unless you take the batteries out , or suffer for 3 minutes while the alarm goes off -RRB- . We wanted to be able to leave it open most of the time , and only close it when the baby is playing upstairs . We have a 3 year old who sleeps upstairs , and we would like him to be able to have it open at night , since there is no way he can open it himself . It takes two hands to pry the thing open , and two hands to shove it closed . If the gate is left open , there are 2 huge screws sticking out that my 3 year old can run right into and poke his eye out ! Now that it is up , it feels fairly secure ... we are going to try it out and make sure it is safe -LRB- seeing as how we have over 15 holes in our wood banisters , we would like to not have to have ruined it for nothing ! -RRB- . Do n't buy this gate ! If we end up taking this back , we are going to be looking at purchasing the Evenflo Top of Stairs Gate , which has much better reviews ! Look at that one , and do n't even consider buying this one ... it 's not worth your time or effort , and is a huge pain once it 's in !
 This is the first time I have ever written a review for anything , but this gate was so terrible I had to warn others . I bought it because it 's tall and has an alarm , and only opens one way , which I thought was important at the top of the stairs . Unfortunately , after hours of trying to install this properly , I gave up when I finally figured out how the stupid thing is supposed to work . You are supposed to move the latch , then pull up on the whole gate -LRB- which makes a terrible sound and you 're basically pulling against the hardware you just installed -RRB- so that it can break free of the latch . It 's just stupid ! Something much simpler would probably work better . And all of the hardward is plastic . I screwed one of the pieces in , and when I pulled up on the gate to release it from the latch , the piece pulled right off -LRB- the screw stayed in , but the plastic gave and came off right over the screw -RRB- . Bad design , cheap plastic , and a struggle to install . We 'll be looking for something else entirely .
 I blame myself for this purchase . The gate seemed solid , but when I pulled out the plastic bits you are supposed to hang the gate on , I knew I was in trouble . Plastic mount broke as I was putting in the wood screw . Returning it for a refund and picking up an Evenflo Top of Stairs Gate . CRAP !
 I bought this gate based on the metal construction , ability to screw securely to the wall and the alarm feature . Once I got it home I found that the locking mechanism is very poorly designed . The locking latch pivots on a center pin with a spring to return it to the locked position . The only problem is that the spring is n't strong enough to return the latch to it 's home position which allows the gate to be opened without having to use the latch - which kind of defeats the purpose of the lock to start with.Spend the extra 5 bucks and get the Safeway gate - a friend has it and it actually works .
 This is a terrible gate . It neither opens nor closes with ease . Opening the gate requires both hands and a foot .
 We purchased this gate for the top of a wide staircase - liked that it was wider than most gates and would fit securely . My husband is very handy and it still took 1 1/2 hours -LRB- and much swearing -RRB- to put it in . Now that it 's in , we find that it is taking both hands and a foot to get it open - probably because it is so wide , but it is hard to use ! The screws were cheap , the wall mounts are plastic , and the latch is too difficult to open with one hand -LRB- as advertised on the box !! -RRB- . I wish I had read all the reviews before I purchased it - now my husband is removing the gate so that we can take another trip back to Babies R Us ! Save yourself a trip and do n't buy this stinker .
 I purchased 2 of these gates and not only found them very difficult to install -LRB- kind of a one size fits no one -RRB- , but the craftsmanship was awful.First , both of the gates I purchased were warped and would not bolt together correctly -LRB- not all of the holes would line up and the hinge bolts would not screw in all of the way -RRB- . Second , the hardware -LRB- hinges and door latches -RRB- were of extremely low quality.After about an hour of messing with this kit and drilling holes into my staircase walls , I realized this company does n't take my children as serious as I do.Do yourself a favor and look at the Kidco gates.I do not recommend
 This gate has not worked for us since we purchased it . It took us over 2 hours to install . Now that it is installed , the latch does n't not keep the gate securely in place . The latch gets stuck and wo n't pop out to hold the gate in place . We have even received a 2nd latch from the company , and it still does n't work . The alarm does n't work very well either . It is supposed to give us 10 seconds to close the gate after opening it , it is a very fast 5 second count sometimes . I would not recommend purchasing this gate .
 We purchased this safety gate for the top of our staircase last week and should have returned it the moment we opened the box . The directions were horrible , items pictured did not match what was in the box and we actually had to take apart the top latch to install it . We finally got this gate installed and 2 days later the latch broke - I could n't even shut off the alarm ! So now we 're left with holes in the wall and a lot of time wasted on a product that should not be trusted to help keep your kids safe .
 It was very hard to install . The alarm is annoying , especially when trying to install the gate . The attachements are flimsy . When the gate is open you have two very long metal bolts sticking out . We had company over and as he was walking past the gate the bottom bolt latch scratched his leg bad . Sometimes we like to leave the gate open but it is too dangerous with the two bolt latches sticking out . Very bad design ! We have had to redo the the attachements to the walls several times because they keep coming loose . I think the gate is too heavy for them . I hate this gate and it is coming down today . I am going to try the All clear swing gate .
 Took handy husband & I over 1 hour to install , so beware if you you are n't adept with a drill . Would have taken less time , but we tried to readjust panel width to no avail , which involves completely dismantling gate from wall . Very disappointed with the locking mechanism . I can live with an unsightly , noisy gate that does the job , but I find the lock difficult to operate . It is literally a screw that sticks out and drops into a spring-like groove . Spacers for extra panel are set too far apart , as a result , our screw -LRB- AKA lock -RRB- sticks out nearly two inches -LRB- same on other side -RRB- and looks terrible . I also worry about the long screws -LRB- top & bottom -RRB- getting caught on something as I walk through or possibly tripping me . What an idiotic piece of engineering ! Lifting the gate to push it open is no easy task for a petite woman with one arm full . But I also found that I could pull the gate open -LRB- forcing down spring-like stoppers on either side -RRB- without much effort from atop the stairs , which makes me nervous . Luckily a lower guard prevents the gate opening toward the stairs . Disconnected the annoying alarm since baby is n't here yet . Gee , I hate the gate , but now that we have eight holes in our dry wall/bannister , I really do n't want to take it back for another hardware mounted gate . As long as it works . What a rip !
 My nine month old has yet to test the durability of this gate . I just installed it last night . IT TOOK A VERY LONG TIME TO INSTALL ! Even with help from another person , it took two of us well over one hour to get the gate up and aligned . I did have to drill several holes into the wood banister before it was properly secured . My patience was nearly exhausted ! It may be worth the effort in the long run , I will know soon , but I would not recommend this product to anyone short on patience or time . I can not imagine that my son will be able to break through or climb over . I do not think I could either .
 I 'm sure this is the brand gate we purchased less than 9 mths ago . At first the gate was great . My three year old has recently figured out how to open it , but this is of no real concern to us . The problem we have is the quality . What I 'm about to explain may not make much since unless you 've seen the product up close . After less than a year of use , the hinge that holds the top mount has broken . There was a note and new part in the box stating the hinge had been replaced with a plastic covered metal hinge instead of an all plastic one . The problem is the metal does not extend the full length of the plastic and eventually the plastic wears and breaks in half leaving only a metal hinge . Because the metal does not extend all the way down , when you lift to open the gate the whole gate will fall out of joint if you are not careful . I plan to contact the supplier for a replacement part . In the mean time my handy husband plans to fix it with a nut and bolt , which may prove to be better in the long run . -LRB- We are expecting # 2 and need this gate to last another three or four years . -RRB-
 We do not own this exact gate , but we own a similar gate from Summer Infant that uses the exact same mounting and latching hardware.We chose this gate because we have columns at the top of our stairs which make gates that have a bottom bar out of the question , because the gate actually has to be mounted about 4 '' off of the floor , if there was a bottom bar it would be a tripping hazard at the top of the stairs.Was the gate difficult to install ? Yes . But I did get it installed properly , and it seemed to work pretty well.Fast forward to 2 months later . This gate does not get frequent use ... maybe 1 or 2 times per day . However , over the mere 2 months that it has been installed , the metal knob on the latching mechanism has worn down the plastic piece that is supposed to prevent the latch from opening without being lifted up by an adult.The result ... pulling backwards on the gate with approx 20 lbs of force is enough to `` force '' the gate open . Most toddlers weigh about 20 lbs . All one has to do is pull sharply back on the gate , and it will open.Keep in mind , it does not start out this way , but it quickly gets to this state.This product should be recalled because it is a serious risk to have it installed at the top of a set of stairs.Please do not risk the life of your child by installing this terribly designed product.If you DO have this product installed , please check it frequently looking for wear of the plastic latch , and try pulling on it with a bit of force to see if it pops open . . If you have had problems like I have had , please go to www.cpsc.gov and report the problem ... maybe the manufacturer will decide to redesign and recall the product.I am still looking for a suitable replacement product .
 Bought the gate without the alarm -LRB- but as I see it 's no longer available , I 'm writing about this version -RRB- with high expectations . The gate had decent reviews and it had ` free shipping ! ' First warning should have been the obvious ` made in China ' label on the top of the gate -LRB- with all the product problems from China I 'm seriously wondering if I have a product with lead paint -RRB- . It went downhill from there . The instructions were difficult to follow -LRB- I 've put together lots of things for my kids and these were n't very clear -RRB- . The hardware to fasten it to the walls was flimsy . Screws were short and the drywall hardware pulled right out while just opening/closing it . Speaking of which , the open/close is n't that easy to do , even for an adult . I 'm not bothering to return it -LRB- would n't be cost effective with shipping and their 50 % max value return policy -RRB- and may donate it to someone with a pet -- with the warning that if they put the gate up in a high traffic area it 'll be a pain to use .
 I thought this gate was the perfect solution for our new house . We wanted it to block kids/dogs from the office . The dog -LRB- lab -RRB- figured out how to open it within days . The latch on the alarm broke within months of installation which not only allows for easy opening , the alarm had to be disconnected without the latch ! I am very glad we just needed it for a doorway and not the top of the stairs . My recommendation , buy a different gate !
 We purchased this product for the top of the stairs in our home . At this time , we are still in the process of installing this piece of garbage . So far , we have had problems opening up the battery compartment door , because the screw was stripped . While that was frustrating , it is nothing compared with the fact that 2 of the screws used for the mounting hardware have broken off . Now , we have TWO broken off screws in our newel posts and no way to get them out . I have to believe that this is NOT how the manufacturer intended this gate to work . Now I have an inferior gate that will not be installed properly and my daughter may or may not be safe . Additionally , when it is time to remove the gate we will have TWO broken off screws sticking out . Please do not purchase this product .
 Bought this gate and installed it - my husband is very mechanical and figured it out quickly . The gate seems well but does not last . It is now the third day after installation and I can tell you that the gate itself is great - the hardware to attach it is EXTREMELY inadequate - the plastic to metal does not hold up . Tonight it completely came off all its hinges because the hardware is not secure . At the same time we purchased this gate we purchased a different gate for the bottom of the stairs and it is functioning perfectly . If they would just change the hardware from plastic to metal this gate would be a winner . We wish it would have worked .
 This gate is simply worthless . After wasting two hours of my Labor Day , I finally have it attached to the wall . Using the templates was worthless , as they did n't match up correctly . After drilling countless holes in the wall , I finally found a semi-straight alignment . Now the gate does n't close without using significant pressure , and it takes two hands and a foot for my wife to get it open.This gate was designed by a very cruel individual who likes to make parents suffer.Stay far away from this gate .
 I bought this gate and the alarmed latch was not inside the box . Instead a different latch was included but did not have an alarm and did not match the instructions . Useless product without the correct parts .
 We 've had this gate for a few months now . It started out great but now the latches mounted on the wall are coming apart . the gate regularly falls off it 's hinges , yesterday it landed on my 6 yr ols bare toes !!! My year old can now tug it open even when in a locked position.So not worth the $ $ $ . Keep looking if you want a gate that will last and be safe .
 I have spent over three hours trying to install this gate and am giving up.The instructions are difficult to follow.Outdated images in the instructions . The wall mount for the top hinge had been replaced with a metal mount but the directions showed a plastic wall mount . Fortunately the manufacturer promptly emailed the insert that was supposed to be in the package that showed the new metal mount . -LRB- Keep in mind that customer service is not available in the evenings - when you may be installing this gate -RRB- . I am having a lot of difficulty aligning the gate so that it latches.No instructions for bannister-to-wall mounting . I am mounting the latch side on a bannister and the hinge side on a wall and there are no instructions or guidance on how to do this . Since my bannister is round I ca n't easily lay the template on it and drill holes in it.Templates do n't work with 5 '' baseboards . My wall also has a 5 inch baseboard . This puts half the bottom hinge bracket on the baseboard and the other half on the drywall , with a 1/4 '' gap . My solution was to raise the template above the baseboard but then you have an unsafe 5 + inch gap at the bottom of the gate.I imagine if you could get the gate installed it might work effectively . Due to the complicated and inadequate instrutions I would not recommend it .
 I hate this gate !! I Just bought it from Babies R us in store and i just finished taking it down !!!! I only took about 45mins to put up and I measured everything and taped the guides up and did every thing right and it wouldnt latch ! With the gate properly installed my dog could lay against it and push it open !! I couldnt figure out how to turn the alarm off so I too finally just took the batteries out !! The directions are HORRIBLE !!!! They still have not updated them like some one else had mentioned ! I am returning this gate tonight !! Hopefully I have better luck w / the Extra tall Swing open gate from the same company -LRB- unfortunatly the only other one in the height and with I need -RRB- !!
 bought the Sure and Secure Extra Tall Top of Stairs Gate with Alarm to prevent my son from falling down the stairs and to keep my 2 dogs downstairs . Needless to say the ALARM BUTTON POPPED OFF WITHIN 10 MINUTES of installing the gate and the only way to shut the alarm off was to remove the batteries . So no more alarm which was one of the reasons for buying this product.A few weeks later the `` stopper '' at the top of the gate to prevent the gate from opening towards the stairs COMPLETELY BROKE OFF !!! My dogs are also able to open the gate from on the steps.I have emailed customer service and am waiting for a response .
 Hi My wife and I have had this for 2 weeks now and my son fell through it . I followed the instructions perfectly . The cheap plastic mounting brackets that come with this gate broke.Do Not buy .
 First , I fully agree with the negative reviews I have seen here so far . I am writing this note still full of rage and frustration after painfully attempting to install this overpriced piece of garbage . I am trying to imagine how I am going to extract the cheap quality stripped screws from the wall and how I will pack the thing up to bring back to Toys ' R Us . Following the templates , the alignment was off . The gate is quite heavy considering the flimsy plastic hinges that are supposed to hold it up . Do not let your children , pets , wife or your feet get to close to it while you attempt to install it . Even if I did successfully install it , it is ugly , with big metal bolts used to latch it shut , and it seems to be as much a danger to children as the stairs it is supposed to block . I have installed two gates previously , two very cheap safety 1st pressure gates . I installed them with the permanent hinges and , while they are a bit hard to latch shut , the installation was smooth and uneventful . I got those gates for $ 20 each . These heavy metal menaces cost me around $ 60 a piece . Please , Summer , improve the quality of your products . I called you once for a replacement part for a video monitor and you were nice enough to send it right away , no questions asked . You seem to be good people . You can do better with these gates . This one should be recalled .
 I bought this gate accidentally . I did a bunch of research but picked up the wrong one at the store . IT IS HORRIBLE . My husband is a contractor and builds home for a living . It took him an hour and 20 to install this gate ! Then the alarm kept sounding whne it wasnt supposed to . Then when I actually tried to use it I had to use both hands and all my force to open it.How are you supposed to use this while holding something - like an infant !!! I have had it in for about 5 hours used it 2x and will have my husband return it tomorrow for the correct one . Unfortunatly it now has left holes in my walls .
 First , the templates did nothing for us - when put together as directed , it was completely misaligned.Second , my toddler was standing on it -LRB- briefly -RRB- and the plastic pieces completely broke in half with the screws still attached to the wall ! It bounces and if you have a child that will stand on it , this gate is not for you .
 my 10 mo old just opened this gate on his owngate has never worked properly
 I 'm glad this lotion is helping some tired parents with their fussy babies , but personally I just ca n't get past the product 's sickly sweet smell . It reminds me of an air-freshening spray my grandparents used in their bathroom when I was a little girl , back when the idea was apparently to cover up one bad smell with another .
 I was using this product for the 1st year of my daughter 's life until I found out it wass rated 7/10 on EWG 's health and beauty product toxicity rating . The fragrances in the product are made from toxic chemicals which are absorbed into your baby 's body through the skin . I was upset and disappointed that a product used on newborn babies was this toxic ! I do n't use this junk anymore .
 This stuff is awful -- do n't use it . I assumed that because it was made for babies it would be safe to use . It completely dried out my three-month-old 's skin and he got eczema . In addition , it smells really perfume-y , which for me is a turnoff . The pediatrician said not to use it .
 You can get this for $ 9 per box a Walmart . This is one instance where Amazon is overcharging .
 I just think that everyone should know that you can get a box of six refill bags with 72 wipes in each bag at walmart for nine dollars and some change .
 I have nothing but bad things to say about this product . The wipes rip easily , it does n't clean effectively and it feels too thin and slippery.I expected a lot better from Pampers .
 Our newborn 's skin turned bright red whenever we used baby wipes on him , until we found Pampers Sensitive Wipes . We used them for 7 months and were thrilled with their softness , their moistness , and their lack of irritation . BUT ... last month Pampers seemed to have changed their product . We now find them thicker , rougher , and they irritate our baby 's bottom like all the other wipes . Did Pampers change the chemical formula ? Did they change the wipes themselves ? What a shame . These 5-star wipes have become 2-star ones in my opinion . I hope they will return to the old formula which was a super product .
 Pampers wipes are rough and thin , you feel like you may get some doody on your hands . They dry out fast if left open . Pampers makes the best diapers , but Huggies wipes are the best
 I tried these wipes today after using the Huggies Sensitive wipes for about 2 months . I was really disappointed in the quality of the Pampers wipes . They were so thin and not very soft . I ended up using 4 on a dirty diaper of a 2 1/2 month old baby . I do n't recommend using these .
 Pampers has recently changed this product - from `` Pampers Sensitive '' in the green tubs -LRB- or plastic wrap -RRB- to `` Pampers Sensitive Wipes . '' The new product contains some of the same additives in regular wipes that can cause skin irritation . For us , what caused a problem was the change to include citric acid . As far as I can tell , you now ca n't find a Pampers wipe that does n't contain citric acid , which causes our kiddo 's skin to turn bright red -LRB- which is quite painful -RRB- . We switched to a Huggies senstive wipe which does n't have citric acid . It 's not as good as the old Pampers Sensitive , which we hope the company will choose to reintroduce.So , if your kid suddenly starts reacting badly to wipes , it 's worth checking the package to see if something has changed . In this instance , Pampers has made the produce much less ` sensitve . '
 What a joke ! This item sells for 6 packs -LRB- 420 count -RRB- at Walmart for under $ 10 plus Tax . To get the amount that is sold here , buy two boxes of six packs from WalMart and pay ONLY under $ 20 plus tax . I do n't know about you , but $ 10 in savings is worth it , even hauling children with me ages 2 and 3 .
 I bought these on Sale at Target , thinking that since I wanted to try the `` extra gentle '' wipes , that theese were a better buy than Huggies . -LRB- From which I usually purchase the Natural Care Fragrance Free -RRB- They have turned out to be nothing but a waste of money , having to use twice as many to get a job done that could have been accomplished with 1-1 .5 Huggies wipes . The Huggies can torn on half if you want to . -LRB- But they do n't rip while you 're using them -RRB- These Pampers are tough , and if you manage to tear one in half , you 're left with all these scratchy , stringy fibers on one side . Ugh . Not a pleasant experience ... imagine how a baby would feel . They are also VERY dry , and I have actually found them to BE irritating to my own sensitive skin . And if you try using these for a BIG mess , forget it . You 'll wind up needing the entire 72-count package.Overall , bad deal and not worth it .
 My only concern with the product was that the experation date had already past by the time I had recieved the product . . I am expecting and was hoping to stock up for baby but when I had seen that they were past the experation date it made me not want to order wipes from here again . .
 Why is this selling for almost $ 80 when i can buy 42 less wipes for less than $ 30 ?!?!?!?
 I 'm very ... . i mean VERY frustraed with these wipes . If you have a wipe warmer FORGET THEM cause they dry up soooooooo fast ! they are thin and ugh . I hate them I hate their smell and their texture and they are SO thin in comparison to huggies naturals ! I 'll NEVER buy these again . I 'm so pissed that I got the bulk pack ! Oh well , at least I 'll go through them quickly since it takes 3 wipes to do the same job it only took 1 huggies wipe to do !
 I used to use Huggies wipes . I like Huggies over Pampers . Pampers are too wet and too soft . When I take one wipe , the next wipe always come together so I end up with using a few more unnecessary wipes everytime .
 I do n't like them because they are to soft , they do n't absorbe well and do n't work as well as regular wipes . They also do n't do well in a wipe warmer.I prefer huggies wipes .
 We would like to order this product and we do like this product but , the last time we ordered from Amazon , we were notified that this could not be filled , therefore the order was cancelled .
 This booster was given to me by my mother-in-law for my 13-month old son . I do n't care for this one at all . The straps -LRB- to hold the seat onto the chair -RRB- loosen and they do n't stay put . I turned my head to finish preparing his breakfast and he was -LRB- still intact in the seat but ... -RRB- dangling off the front of the chair . The headrest does n't even stay on seat-it continuously fell off -LRB- for the short time we used the seat -RRB- . I would not recommend this one .
 I bought this because I already have an older child in a high chair and thought this would be better than another high chair sitting around . I was wrong . The tray has a seperate plastic piece that holds it on so it can swing away on one side without detaching . That piece immediately broke off . It 's only on there with a screw and the screw stripped right out of it . I have tried super glue with the screw and it just wo n't stay on . Not to mention that my 9 month old , 25 lb . child is too thick for it . I ca n't even hardly put the tray on because it 's too tight on his belly.Worthless !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This was a complete waste of money . I could lock the tray into place . He was only 10 months old at the time . I 'd ONLY get this is your child is extremely tiny for their age . As in 3 month early preemie .
 I bought this seat without doing a lot of research and regret it . I am now looking for a new seat . The back will come off if the toddler leans back on it too hard . If you do not use the tray there is a large hole for the child to put food and utensils into .
 This chair is too small.The tray is too small for a plate , the straps are too short to snap easily between the legs . It is difficult to get a wiggly toddler in this seat . This chair is only good for about 3 months -LRB- 8-11 months of age -RRB- . I have purchased a new seat . The Fisher price is easy , has a large tray , and long straps between the legs . Do not buy this chair .
 First off this items is very cheaply made , but I picked it up for $ 15.00 so I expected that , you cant expect something wonderfully well made for that price . I had no problem getting my 25lb 15 month old in this , he fit great and I had no problem getting the tray to close comfortably around him . I also found the product to be easy to put together , which is a plus since none of us wants to have to wait for the hubby to do it !! I liked it , until I tried to attach it to our kitchen chair , the starps that are supposed to hold the seat to the chair do not stay tight at all , you just have to give them a little tug and they will loosten up . Afterward my hubby tried for an hour to get the straps to tighten , with no luck . I returned the item , I also have a 4 and 6 year old and I have not doubt that they would have knocked this seat right out of the chair with the baby in it . It is NOT SAFE .
 I bought this booster thinking that SAFETY 1st would only make great products but I was wrong . The chair straps loosen very easily and my kid fell off the chair still harnessed in the booster . The swing part of the tray is a seperate piece screwed in which broke for the SECOND time , the first time I got a replacement tray . I would not recommend this booster to anyone who cares about their kids .
 second day of use the tray became stuck , we pulled it off to clean it and then it broke . total waste . move to cooshee seat ... perfect .
 I had a bad feeling when I first tried strapping this to one of my kitchen chairs and I could n't get it real tight . Then I noticed after a few days of use that I was always havening to check the straps to the chair and around my 25lb child . They always loosened up . One of the restraint straps that go around my child kept coming out of the back of the chair . It was n't holding him in anymore . Finally one morning a restraint strap came out again and he flipped the chair by leaning sideways . He ended up upside down on a tile floor with the kitchen chair and booster on top of him . Thank God he was n't hurt . I called Safety 1st and they are picking up the product from my house for testing since it 's a new product and sending me a different booster . Hopefully this one will be `` safe '' .
 We have 2 of these for our daughter and son . Tray comes off too easily , and the part that keeps tray attached broke off on one . Backs pop off with little effort . And worst of all , the straps come out of the seat back very easily . Our daughter leaned forward and Fell out of her chair ! Our son leaned over the side , the opposite strap came out of the seat sending our son and the entire chair to the ground ! We have sent the seats back to the company . They are being great about this , but are only able to send us new seats of the same model . I wish we had spent the extra $ and gotten better seats from the start .
 This seat is hard to secure and falls a part with light use.I 've only had it for about a month . Do n't waste your money on this one , I 'm looking for a replacement today !
 After taking the seat out of the chair to adjust the height , the straps would no longer work properly . The straps on booster seat would not stay tight and the seat was entirely too loose and unacceptable to use . Would not recommend this product to anyone .
 Within 1 week some of the designs began scratching off around the edges . This is probably meant for kids older than 3 who have better table manners . It 's not terribly accurate either , so it really is n't suitable for an older child . I 'm going to guess it 's best for the 3-5 age range -LRB- not my 18 month old when I wanted a distraction for him in restaurants -RRB- . I do still take it with us on the go so I know we have a clean surface - it rolls up okay .
 I was disapointed in how flimsy the material was.As it is for children to eat food on , I expected it to be able to be a little durable . Instead the color and drawings came off after a few scrubbings.Do yourself a favor and buy something that is made of plastic - this is like cardboard that has been run threw an ink printer .
 Very dry In comparison to other brands that we have utilized . Based solely on price point we decided to give this product a try and are , and will be , disappointed since we opted for price over quality when we purchased 3 cases . We have found that we 're using two to three times the amount of wipes as compared with other brands . I recommend avoiding this particular item .
 The wipes are quite small and very thin . Not very helpful for those ` messy ' ones , especially when you have to use twice as many .
 I 've used wipes from Luvs , Huggies and Pampers . The wipes from Luvs are by far the worst -LRB- although I LOVE Luvs diapers -RRB- . You have to use 2-3 times more wipes for messy diapers , which makes the cost savings zilch . I will always purchase Luvs diapers , but never the wipes .
 I do n't like the Luvs baby wipes at all . They are very thin and they rip very easily . I will not buy Luvs wipes again .
 This is a cheap wipe , and does the job , but you have to use way more than one wipe at a time to get the job done . They are really flimpsy , and do n't smell good to me at all.Another downer is the packaging . There are 4 individual packs inside , but once you open them , that 's it ... there is no resealing . Kinda annoying when you want to refill your wipes case , and have to use the ENTIRE pack -LRB- and sometimes it does n't want to all fit in there if you already have some remaining wipes -RRB- . Go with Huggies Cucumber ...
 The wipes are very thin . You have to use 3-4 wipes everytime you use them . I 'll stick with the Huggies from now on .
 i bought these due to the price value ... as soon as i started using them , i immediately decided i 'm never buying them again . they are very thin , and when used in the pop up containers , i seem to always get 2 . due to them being thin , i have to use 2 at a time when my daughter has a bowel movement . spend the extra few dollars and get huggies or pampers brand . even the walmart brand is better !
 I would rate -1 star if there 's one available.Just a few dollars more , u can get better product.I always use huggies and they are far much better than LUVs.I would never ever buy this again . BIG MISTAKE.don ' t trust the good reviews . I bought this because of good reviews but boy was I wrong . I regret I ever bought this.Again , do n't buy LUVs !!!
 I have to say that I was very disappointed with these wipes . I went with this cheaper brand , figuring there was n't much anyone could do to mess up the manufacturing of baby wipes -- boy was I wrong . While they have a pleasant baby powder scent and a soft texture , there 's little more they offer . They do n't clean well at all . I have to use at least 5 or so wipes to clean my baby 's bottom after a bowel movement . As I mentioned , they are soft , but they 're almost too soft . I would liken them to a wet toilet tissue consistency . They tear apart very easily ; therefore , they are very inefficient at cleaning . I gave them two stars because they do smell great , and of course , they 're cheap . But do yourself a favor and spend a few extra bucks on the good stuff . You 'll use fewer wipes , and will probably spend less in the long run .
 I just tried these wipes bc of the good price , but not worth it . They 're very flimsy and thin and I get poo on my hands easily . I wound up using twice as many which defeated the purpose of more wipes for the $ $ $ $ $
 These wipes are n't bad but they are very thin . The huggies brand wipes are much more cloth like . With these you end up using more than you would with a thicker wipe . Too bad amazon does n't sell the cloth like wipes as refills .
 They are a great product if your child takes to the trainer set , other wise , inquisitive children get distracted by them , specially because of the color choices instead of making them clear or white .
 My 7 month old wants nothing to do with these ... she would rather try to hold the bottle without the handles .
 I suppose first-time parents think that this is the best collection of baby necessities available ! But , what first-time parents do n't realize is that you 'll get the most important of these things from your hospital when you leave after having baby ! I 've volunteered and had children at several hospitals in several states , and the going-home kit always included a nasal aspirator , a little brush and comb set , a bunch of alcohol wipes to care for the umbilical stub , a shampoo scrub brush -LRB- not included in this set , but fabulous , especially for cradle-cap babies -RRB- , and a little baby nail clipper . What 's included that is unnecessary : emery boards/scissors
 I registered for this item , and received it as a shower present . The first time I opened the kit to take stuff out , the nail clippers broke . The bulb syringe seemed a bit stiff as well , but I never got the chance to use it since I took it back before my baby was born . Now that my son is 6 months old , I realize I would not have used half of the stuff in there . The only things I use often are nail clippers , files , nasal aspirator and a brush . You can buy better ones for less than the whole kit . Also , the hospital will provide you with a better nasal aspirator than anyone you can buy .
 I got this on my registry and was disappointed when I used it . The thermometer does not work . The nail clipper is of adult size and not made for infants . The nasal aspirator is too hard to use . The comb is too big for my baby 's head . Nothing worked as I had expected . I would have returned it if I kept the packaging . I had to go out and get another set to use on my baby . Please do n't buy or register for it . It 's a waste .
 I got this for my baby shower and was very disappointed when I opened it . I know the clippers and thermometer are necessities , so was excited to see that this kit came with both of us . However , when I opened it I realized that the clippers and thermometer are both cheaply made , therefore I will have to purchase them both separately . Everything else is just `` fluff '' that you do n't really need . Most of it you will get from the hospital and a syringe comes with all medicines you will buy . Save your money ... buy clippers and thermometer separately and do n't worry about the rest ... you do n't need it or you 'll get it from the hospital .
 This kit provides all the essentials , yes . But some simply do n't work or , worse , they work badly . In the case of the medicine dropper having unreliable suction , so be it . However , the nail clippers are dangerous . I thought it was just my new mommy lameness that caused me to snip off the end of my baby 's thumb . Then I bought some generic nail clippers for a couple of bucks that were so much easier to use , and do n't result in spewing blood . The bulb syringe is pointless and does n't compare to the one provided to us in the hospital . Likewise for the thermometer . Some of the grooming and teething items are useful , but you can pick up comparable or better ones anywhere . Overall , if you want a kit , I 'd say avoid this one and try another brand .
 The thing I use most in this kit is the hair brush . The nail files are okay . The medicine dropper was useless . It would n't suction up any medicine . The fingernail clipper is also useless . It 's just an adult-sized one with an attachment . Should have gotten a baby-specific and - sized one even though right now I 'm just trying to file their nails rather than clip then -LRB- on their pediatrician 's advice -RRB- . I 'm using the nasal aspirators that we took from the hospital , which I 'm told are the best . So , in all , if I were to do it again , I 'd just buy the pieces one-by-one rather than in this kit since I have n't used much of it , and the parts that I have used , have mostly unimpressed me .
 First of all the bulb syringe it 's TOO HARD , and worst
 to all first time mothers
 Hospital gave me aspirators which work best . Also the nose frida aspirator works well too . Hospital also gave me thermometers which work fine as well . Hospital also gave me a soothies pacifier too . Other than those things , I felt like all the items in this pack was unnecessary and if I did need a pacifier or something , there 's far better ones with better qualities out there.This product is cheaply made and bad quality . Had to return it without opening it after one look . Sorry for this bad review after not even opening the product but still I trust my eyes .
 The only thing in this worth using is the nail clippers , maybe the nail files . Everything else is flimsy , cheap , or unnecessary .
 I do n't think we will be able to use any of these items . They al feel cheap . The bulb syringe does not even work .
 I registered for this because it had a nail clipper and other seemingly useful items . After 2 months I have n't used a single thing . The nail clipper is an adult size , and I had to buy a baby one -LRB- about $ 2 at the drug store -RRB- . The emery boards did n't work at all on the baby 's soft nails . I use the nasal aspirator from the hospital . The baby bathtub we have has a built-in temperature sensor , but it is easy enough to just feel the water and know if it is right . Maybe once the baby is older , things in this kit will come in handy . Do n't bother putting it on your registry - there are more important items that you need and this is a lot of money for nothing very useful .
 This set is very cute , but I was dissapointed by the quality of some of the items . If I had it to do all over again I would skip this product.Things that did n't work :1 . Bath thermometer -- did not work at all . We were never able to get any temperature reading off of it .2 . Digital thermometer -- was off by a couple of degrees . Although it seemed okay at first , we noticed the readings started dropping within the first month of use . We stopped using it when it started saying that both my husband and I had oral temperatures of around 96 degrees.Things that did n't work that well :1 . Nail clippers -- did n't work that well . The material did n't seem that high quality and regular drugstore clippers did a better job on our daughter 's nails .2 . Nasal aspirator -- was -LRB- for me -RRB- difficult to use . I had to squeeze pretty hard to compress the bulb . Then again , I have n't tried other ones so I am probably not the best judge.There were also items that I did n't end up using and thought were unnecessary , but that will probably differ for everyone .
 I like the variety this product offers , but after only using the nail clippers a couple of times , they broke - the top unsnaped from the bottom and I was unable to put it back together . The Nasal Aspirator is to thick to fit into the nose easily , especailly when your child does n't like to have their nose sucked out anyways .
 The Nail cutter broke right after being taken out of the case ... when I tried to flip it over . Buy these products individually and you can ensure better quality .
 I agree with the raters who found this product to be not very useful . I wish I had not registered for it . My problem with it is that the individual items are either not very good quality , or not particularly useful . The digital thermometer , for example , takes a very long time to finish and does n't have a beep or anything to signal to you that it is done . You just have to wait and wait and wait and guess . I have a much better digital thermometer already anyway , that cost less than $ 10 . I have a much nicer nail clippers and also a better nasal aspirator that came FREE with Little Remedies gas drops and saline spray . The medicine dropper is pointless -- as others pointed out , any medicine you receive for your infant comes with its own dropper . It 's also a bit big for a newborn 's mouth , if you ask me -- we used it to syringe-feed my son in the first week to avoid nipple confusion , and it was unwieldy . As for the emery boards and alcohol swabs , who on earth does n't have this stuff in their house already ? Five little alcohol swabs are not going to get you through the umbilical stump period -- you are going to need cotton balls and a bottle of rubbing alcohol . I guess this kit might be a good backup for when you run out of or misplace your `` good '' items , but nothing in it is my first choice for caring for my son . You are much better off buying a clear plastic makeup-type bag and filling it with good-quality items , if you like the convenience of having a `` kit '' of everything you might need .
 There are a few things in this kit I use all of the time ... The nail clipper I love , the hair brush my 9 month old loves -LRB- I do n't know why , but he finds it fascinating -RRB- . But overall , this is cheaply made , and overpriced to boot . It 's all made in china , I 'm pretty sure it 's not bpa free -LRB- I will never let my baby use the included teether or toothbrush -RRB- , and some of it just does n't work -LRB- for us , that would be the nasal aspirator-the free one we got from the hospital was far superior - and the thermometer , which broke after three uses , never read correctly -RRB- . Seriously , go to target and look at other kits , or take my advice and buy each item separately . . you 'll be much happier .
 I bought this kit because I wanted the temperature tester that many people raved about in the reviews . However , when I actually got the kit , it was n't the kit that was pictured . In fact , it 's a 26 piece set and not a 24 piece set . You actually get the Deluxe Baby 's Essential Kit from Summer Infant instead . Apparently , they no longer make this kit and when I wrote Amazon to complain about it , they told me to take it up with Target instead . Finally ended up keeping the kit because it was such a pain to resolve the issue and they do n't offer the kit I was looking for anymore . Have n't really found anything useful in the kit except for the nail clipper and nail files . Save your money and just buy the pieces you need instead .
 seriously you only need baby nail scissors , clippers , a thermometer , and a bulb syringe ... you get a bulb syringe from the hospital and a comb , too ... the other things in the kit i have n't used ... ask other mom and find out the items you really need and just buy those ... for the money ... not a good value
 The very first time I used the nail clippers , they broke ! The bulb syringe is worthless . It was way to hard to depress and the suction was not good . Thankfully I took one home from the hospital . The nail scissors work OK but they are hard to use because the handle is so big.I have n't attempted to use anything else except the brush which is fine . I found the whole set to be worthless and cheaply made . Pass this one up .
 I 'm not sure what the other reviewers are talkinga bout . We registered for this set and got it as a gift . I have used NOTHING from it . The green suction bulb is so hard I ca n't possibly get it to compress with one hand - its useless for suctioning babies nose , we used the one from the hospital . The same thing with the dropper . The tweezers were so hard to handle , I just used mine . The brush and comb are okay . The nail clippers are too difficult to see what you are doing and so I end up cutting my daughter 's fingers - the nail scissors are too dull to cut her nails.Overall , this is a cheap set and I would n't recommend it .
 This is another one of those nice looking set geared towards new parents / You see it and think you need it all and it will all match and be in this neat little case when you need it . But the truth is you wo n't need most of it.Let 's start with nail care . The clippers in this set are adult size with a neat little handle added . Well adult size is too big to use on those little bitty hands ... that is why they back infant sizes . Those nails are also so soft the first couple of years that you wo n't be able to use the scissors or files on them . I ended up using the files and we use the scissors to cut tags off of new outfits.Then you have all medical stuff . The nasal aspirator in this set does n't work . None you will ever buy will work as well as the one they give you in the hospital . Keep all the free stuff from the hospital because 99 % of it is better than what you can buy . This also goes for the thermometer . They will be taking your babies temp frequently after birth and they use a digital unit similar to this one but better . The one we got at the hospital works in 3-5 seconds . Another reviewer said to get an ear unit . Do n't waste you money . They are inaccurate and the doctor will not take readings form them.We still have n't used the medicine spoon or dropper . If you child needs medication it will come with a syringe which is quiet frankly easier to use then a dropper . And at 14 months our daughter still ca n't take any medication from a spoon . Our doctor said that usually does n't happen until 3 years of age.Then there were the tweezers in this set ... in 14 months we still have not figured out what these things are for ! You 've also got the toothbrush . It 's far too big for a toddler mouth and you ca n't use it until they are at very least a year old . the bristles are also more like that of an adult toothbrush . So this was added to our stash of cleaning brushes.So what have we used of this set ... the brush . The comb still makes her cry -LRB- it scratches her head -RRB- and gets tangled very easily in her curly hair . But we use the brush every single day . We also use the cute little case to store all the junk that came with this kit that we 've never used.So all in all , take everything the hospital gives you and buy a brush because the rest of this set is useless .
 Nasal aspirator is too hard , and is of no use -LRB- the free one from the hospital is much better -RRB- . The nail clipper is too big for a baby . The medicine dropper is also lousy . Hair Brush is only thing I like.It has soft bristles ideal for baby . Did not use other stuff . I do regret spending money on this . Would not recommend to anyone .
 I got this last weekend at my shower . I took it out to look at all the little pieces . The nail clippers came apart , the tweezers do n't line up and the sticker on the thermometer is bent and crooked . I will be returning it and looking for something that will last .
 I read the reviews for this set and was looking forward to having all of my baby 's needs in one package . Unfortunately , many of the items do n't work . The nail clippers , the nasal aspirator and the dropper are very weak . Most of the rest of these items you can buy individually and be guaranteed of the quality . I would not recommend purchasing this item .
 Your much better off getting another all in one kit . This kit hardly works . Everything just seems to big for the baby , the nail clipper the comb , the brush . The nail clipper works better on adults than infants .
 Nail clippers broke after a few uses . As for everything else , I rarely use any of the items ... practically everything in the kit will be given to you when you take your baby home from the hospital . I thought it seemed like a smart idea to register for this . No one needs to waste their money on it .
 I picked this set apart and most of the pieces never get used . The aspirator is too stiff and hard to clean . The clippers are pretty good . The sissors are too bulky . The tweezers are n't sharp enough . And the medicine dropper is too stiff to use . I bought a separate 10 second themomoter so this one is now my back-up . As a set its not worth the money , buy the pieces individually you get much better quality .
 I put this on my baby registry cause I thought it would be useful , but I found that it really is n't . The only things I use are the comb , brush , and nailclippers . The nasal aspirator is very weak . When you get medicine from your pharmacy they give you the measuring tools , and you 're not supposed to use any other than what they give you . Other than the brush , and comb it just looks really nice on the bathroom cabinet .
 I probably would have gotten better quality if i would have bought a kit for the same price at Walmart .
 I ordered this like over a month ago , and still has n't been sented out . . I wonder why ? Im still waiting to hear back when they would send it out
 The thermometer did n't work , and neither did the room temperature gauge -LRB- I think that was what it was , there was no instruction booklet -RRB- . The nasal aspirator is too hard to depress . The brush works fine and is soft enough , and the nail clippers are n't bad . I 'd buy those 2 items separate and get a digital ear thermometer -- I 've been through 2 digital thermometers and my daughter hates for me to take her temp under her `` wing . '' You can use your own nail files and tweezers and a comb was unnecessary .
 My baby is 4 weeks old , I have not yet used a thing from it . Regular adult stuff is more useful and better quality .
 The quality of the products does not seem as good as the picture . It looks cheap .
 I have to admit when my cousin and I first saw this in the store we both wanted it . It looks nice because everything matches . But then we started to really look at what is in there . Yes we both agreed that you need a blub , but then with both of our children we received them at the hospital . The tooth brush is not the type you would use for a newborn/infant . Medicine dropers and spoons ... again if your baby needs meds you receive a despenser . My cousin then pointed out the water temp . gauge . I looked at her and asked if there was something wrong with her elbow . Point taken and we moved on to the digital thermometer . She stated that the ones she has had have never lasted that long . So yes it looks nice and comes all together , but when we got down to it it did n't have what we really needed or wanted .
 I bought this not doing all my research and when we got it , my 2 going on 3yr old 's head was passing the top of the seat . I did find out that all InStep strollers can fit kids 38in and below comfortably . I did n't have a chance to give a test run . It seemed nice other than my boy is too tall -LRB- and I do n't think he 's that tall anyway -RRB- for it . So it has been sent back .
 I got it on yellow and i think is to wide , the front wheel does n't swivel . I did n't realize that when I bought it . If you jog in an area where you are turning corners , it 's kind of a pain because you have to pivot it around on the back wheels , the fabric to hard and the belts are odd . the color is yellow but it has a slit orage yo it.How can I return this , i open the box would this affect my refund ?
 We were given an instep jogging stroller as a gift and loved it until one day it refused to fold . The latch on one side would not release . My wife runs mostly from the house and this stroller had been folded less than 10 times.The side latch that broke is inside the frame and can not be repaired even by the bike store -LRB- this was confirmed by customer service -RRB- . Unfortunately the stroller was six months out of warranty and instep will do nothing to help . I called and the bike store called and the company says no warranty no luck.This part is innacessible to replace and as I said the stroller had been folded so few times I am very very disapointed with the product and this company and will never buy from them again . For such an integral part to fail is a real shame .
 When I first recieved the stroller , it seemed to be okay for the price . It was fairly easy to put together . However , when I got the tires inflated , one of the inner tubes was warped , and the other randomly popped while I was walking down a fairly smooth street . The front tire will not stay in place and the straps in the seats are hard to adjust . I would not recommend this stroller .
 I was not familiar with this product before I purchased it . I just liked the flush-able aspect . Plus the term `` Sensitive '' suggested that it would not be offensively scented . And , the price per wipe was good . Unfortunately , they are useless to us . These wipes are very , very fragrant . When we are in the bathroom , the question , `` what 's that smell ? '' should be reserved for the obvious , NOT the odor of the wipes !! These wipes are tiny and thin , too . Not the same size as other pop-up flush-able wipes , so a new dispenser is required . I think my toddler will have more success just using toilet paper or a full-sized cloth wipe and water . Obviously someone likes this product . Hopefully I can fine a worthy donee .
 I was expecting a good quality stroller when I ordered this.I was very disappointed . The back wheels would not lock into place.The front brake was missing a piece.I contacted the manufacture to return it because that is what the package insert says . They said they would only send parts.Amazon , however was wonderful . I contacted them with my concerns and they let me return this product , no questions asked.So , if you are looking for a good stroller do not buy this model . However , I do recommend buying from Amazon . They are terrific to work with .
 Stoller is nice looking , but that 's about it.We have had this stroller for about 5 months now . It was just OK at first , but it has not held up well . I am not a serious runner , but do jog a little . I 'm very disappointed how wobbly the wheel is even when walking . The front wheel wobbles uncontrollably when power walking , so it is impossible to even jog with - locked or unlocked . My husband took it apart a couple of times to try to fix and adjust it but it still did n't work right.The straps are very difficult to adjust , almost as if they 're too short . And the bug net does n't seem to be the right size because it constantly falls off . At this point , I had thought OK , fine , I can just use this to walk around the neighborhood ... but now ... To top it off , we had to put the seat in the washing machine last week because my son had an accident in in , we let it air dry . Come to find out the seat is made of particle board and it ended up splitting ! So now the top part flaps back and provides no head support.I 'm now in the market for a new jogger ...
 I had the double of this same jogger and loves it . Thats why when I needed a single I bought the same model . The swivel wheel does not work . I have tried a couple times and it wont turn while jogging . I am looking to return . Otherwise it is a great item . However that was my number one need in a jogger .
 This is the first jogging stroller that I looked at and researched and I absolutely love it . Like other customers , the canopy does not offer much shade & the reclining mechanism could of been better but for the price , you ca n't go wrong . The swivel is the way to go , moves around like nothing better then my baby stroller so I now use it as my regular running errand stroller . Fits great in the car , bulky but not any bigger then a regular infant stroller . I would recommend this jogging stroller to any Mom or Dad , they 'll enjoy it .
 the product does not turn right for a jogging stroller . very disappointed in the way it handles . It is very sturdy , but would not recommened it for jogging
 I picked this stroller for my son because I had the Instep TT Safari with swivel wheel for my twins and loved it . I did n't realize at the time that I had ordered the suburban style . This stroller does n't push near as easily as the twin model I had and the wheels squeak quite a bit which is annoying . I really liked that it came with the carseat adapter bar , it is very easy to use and the strollers canopy combined with the carseats canopy gives my baby good shade from the sun . Speaking of canopies though the one on this stroller is HORRIBLE , I do n't see how it could work to shade the baby in any situation , it is too high and too short , very poorly designed ! I also do not like the straps on this model , the crotch strap and way too short making it difficult to buckle the child in . I thought it was neat that it came with a bug net since I live in S.E. Alaska and the bugs are horrible , but I could never figure out how to get the darn thing to stay on , total junk ! The seat on this model also does n't recline nearly as much as the model I had for my twins . My parents let me pick the stroller and paid for it so I really regret this purchase and wish I would have gotten something better , this stroller really sucks !
 I am totally disappointed in this stroller . This is the third jogger I have owned and by the far the worst . I bought it because it was a nice compact size and I could use it for everything . It folds up to a nice small size . However , after a week of using it , the wheels wobble so hard when I am just at a slow walk . I have to stop and let my poor child rest from being shaken so hard . Its like all three wheels are trying to their separate ways . I took the wheels off and checked to make sure it wasnt put together wrong , but still no luck . Even if front wheel is locked in place it wobbles . Small visor , so I had to buy an extension . Seat does not reclince all the way , so no napping in it while we are on the go . Fabric on seat is already tearing aways from the seams . Wheels have a terrible squeek too . I can live with all the problems except the wobbling is unbearable for my poor baby !
 I do n't normally do reviews , but I felt that I had to on this one . This stroller is very poorly constructed . I have had it for two days now and already the fabric on the seat is torn in two places and the seat is broken . There are two little latches on the seat , and one of them broke off , so now the seat is crooked . I was not rough on the stroller at all . The fabric gets caught very easily on the frame when you fold it up and unfold it . That 's how it got ripped . As far as the seat , I did n't notice it until I took my son to the zoo for the day , and tried to figure out why he was sitting so crookedly . Also , the wheels squeak horribly . I was totally embarrassed driving the thing around . The positives are that it does look nice , it rides pretty smooth , and the wheels come off easily so that it fits in car trunks without a problem . Still , the poor quality outweighs the pros , so I will be returning it . I would not recommend it .
 The crib I have bought is the standard size . Another crib set I bought from other place fits well . But the bumper in this crib set is too short in each side and the ruffle ca n't be put on , either . I have to return it .
 The crib I have bought is the standard size . Another crib set I bought from other place fits well . But the bumper in this crib set is too short in each side and the ruffle ca n't be put on , either . I have to return it .
 The crib I have bought is the standard size . Another crib set I bought from other place fits well . But the bumper in this crib set is too short in each side and the ruffle ca n't be put on , either . I have to return it .
 If you want to sleep - buy something else . First of all - I got this Mobi unit to replace a unit I had for years . The write ups I saw were mixed but the features seemed very good and worth trying it out.The first unit I got had two issues . First , the baby unit screen blanked out after a couple minutes of being plugged in . Occasionally various led 's would light up but you could tell the unit was defective . However - it still seemed to mostly work in terms of being able to listen and talk.Defect two was more of a problem . When you are with the parent unit - it constantly clicks loudly as it picks up * anything * from the baby unit . It really appeared like it was constantly losing and finding the baby unit . Whatever the cause - there is no way I could sleep through that.I called Mobi and their service department was great . They gave me an RMA # for return with no hassles . I did have to ask for thier UPS shipping code but they gave it readily . As if I would want to pay for the shipping myself though.I got the unit back -LRB- or another refurb -RRB- in about 2 weeks . The good news is that the baby unit now works . The bad news is that the constant clicking is actually part of the feature set - its just how it works.This unit is going back.One more side note - the unit I got back did not come back with the rechargeable battery or the instructions . I 'll be calling them on that today .
 This monitor is terrible if you have a baby that tosses and turns at night . The constant `` clicking '' of the the monitor on the parent unit was bad enough , but I found the baby unit `` clicks '' on and off , making noise in the nursery too . I was so excited to get this because it looks sleek and modern but after two nights it is going back.Also , the battery on the parent unit makes an awful noise when the battery is low -LRB- not something you want to deal with at 3 second intervals at 2am -RRB- . The walkie talkie is cool , but not worth keeping the unit .
 This product is lightweight , easy to set up and stylish , but this is where its plus points finish . I like the fact that the monitor is silent and clicks on only when the baby makes noise , but this silence is disturbed every few minutes by the parent monitor clicking on and searching for a connection with the baby unit . The sound coming from the unit was also fairly muffled.Although the unit comes with rechargeable batteries -LRB- which the instructions say take 12 hours to charge up without the unit even being on -RRB- our unit did not work if it was not connected to the mains supply.Overall , I found this monitor very disappointing and it is going back !
 What a waste of money . I got this monitor for my mom for Xmas . She cares for my disabled brother and needed a new one . This did n't work since the day we got it out of the box and ended up in the trash and we bought a new different monitor . It was a ton of money to waste . Do n't buy this monitor !
 maybe the one i order off of here was defective but the volume on the parental unit was VERY VERY low even when i turned it all the way up . and the dang thing made a popping noise when the baby made a noise so the popping would wake me up from sleep , but then i could n't barely hear the baby crying ... i ordered it because of the 2-way walkie talkie function but i retured it . hated it . got myself a different 2-way monitor .
 My baby 's head got stuck in between the seat and the front canopy and we heard some weird choking noises ... when we looked at him he was blue and not breathing anymore . After we rescued him it took him a few seconds to start breathing . It was very scary !!!
 Do yourself a favor and get a stroller with good wheels . This stroller is a piece of junk not worth the money , put it towards a double jogging stroller .
 I tried putting the Dr. Brown 's bottle -LRB- 7oz -RRB- with nipple and cap in this tote and it does n't fit . The tote is about 1 inch too short .
 I bought this thinking this was the best way to keep my breast milk cold for hours but that was n't the case for me . I work in the mall , 40 hours a week , no access to fridge and i commute very far everyday . It says it 's cold up to 12 hours and i need it cold at least for 10 hours in a day . I pump at work and put my expressed milk in a bottle and put it back in the fridge to go . about 6 hours into the day it starts to get warm . Currently it 's winter and i noticed if i keep it in my car outside , it will stay cold but i should be able to take it everywhere , thats the whole point of having it . Walking back and forth to my car is a pain ... . I have to use a ice pack with this fridge to go which usually gets me through the day but it 's not very big so it leaves me very little room for storage .
 Took up way too much space in the freezer , but if you have room , it works great !
 The mobile is ok -LRB- at best -RRB- . You definitely have to have the right crib for it to fit . We had to tie it on with matching fabric b/c it would n't fit around the rail . Also , the arm is white plastic . Hopefully you like the look of plastic put together looking like a puzzle ... it 's definitely not high quality ... but if you 're a big enough fan , you 'll stick with it for fear of being a `` fair weather fan '' !!!!
 I bought this for my daughter and husband 's first baby , a boy . They are avid Vikings fans , but when they opened it up , the football which hangs in the center of the mobile was missing , very disappointed ! The football was a major figure in this mobile too . I 'm not sure if I 'll order another . It was very cute , but a major part missing !
 never got it ! they sold something they could n't even get ! i had to then wait for my money back ... sucked !
 I was very dissapointed in this product and returned it . It is flimsy and if a decently sized child ever actually got ahold of it while it was attached it would probably break right off . The stuffed toys were all slightly `` off '' looking and were not of a very good quality , and if I had screwed the attachment on firm enough to actually keep it upright it would have chewed the finish right off the crib -LRB- as it is it left a mark I had to paint over -RRB- . If you HAVE to have your team , it 's really the only thing out there on the market , be prepared it is NOT worth it unless you are die hard and do n't care about the quality .
 The item is as advertised and is really cool looking , the issue is that when you wind it up it only operates for about 3 minutes , not even close to enough time to put my boy to sleep . I am going to try to find a cheap mobile and harvest the rotator part and replace the one that came with the mobile .
 When my child was a newborn this was my review
 Bought the boppy swing for my 3rd baby because of the small size . Easily fits in every room of the house and folds up for travel . For everything I like about it there is something I dont like...PROS-small / compact with every needed feature of a regular sized swingbatteries lasted 4 months with everyday usehas a timer and shuts off automatically in case mom/dad forgetmusic is peaceful and has 2 volume settingssturdy framecomfortable seatlots of different swinging levelsneutral colors easily hide the swingCONS-doesnt lock closed when folded so you have to hold it the right way or it springs openseat was too mushy for newborn stage so I had to put a blanket under his butt/legs to even him out or else his head was compressed into his body.i wish the pillow could be removedtoys are blahwhen my little one began to grab the toys he ripped off the toy bar breaking the plastic clip -- he had this in his hand ! Now the toy bar can not be used at all.the motor stopped working now that he is 6mos old . in other words , my swing is broken!With 2 other children at home I know from experience that this is a great swing but they need to fix a few things for not only safety but quality .
 I purchased this for my daughter who has an 18 month old and a new baby , so the baby could be in the swing out of big brother 's reach . The motor failed after less than two weeks . We exchanged it for another one and the motor failed on the second one as well . We wo n't try for three .
 here are the good things about this swing - the batteries last really long , the range of motion is nice and my daughter loves it - it took her some time to enjoy the motion , about 2 months , now at 4 months she is starting to get over it . . the bad stuff - the music did n't work from day one , it was too late for us to return it so we just kept it . Also , the corners of the legs have a padding - I guess anti-slip , that broke off after 2 weeks of having the swing on the carpet . . it does fold up quite nicely but whenever we fold it the seat gets out of the aligment and we have to redo it . Every time . Otherwise she is practically falling out of it . I would probably not choose it again and would not recommend it to my friends . We also own a bouncy seat from Boppy and absolutely love it !
 Our 2 month old , 12 pound son hates to be confined . He hated this swing . The main problem was that he sunk into the seat - it looked so uncomfortable !!! He could n't move his arms or legs and he cried when we put him in it . But if you have a baby that likes to be swaddled and kept confined - this may be the swing for you .
 We had to send it back cause my 2mo son didnt like beeing in this swing.it looks great but just my son looked uncomfortable and began to cry every time i put him in this swing.the only thing i dont like about it is an adjustment of seat . it can be either fully reclined or fully straight which is not suitable for a such a little kid.My son likes to be in partly seat position . may thats why he doesnt like this swing . Otherwise its very cute .
 We got this swing because the reviews seemed decent and we do n't have a lot of space in our apartment so this swing looked like a good solution . Our kid HATED it . I 've tried to resell it for $ 25 and ca n't find a buyer . It 's terrible .
 As I sit here manually rocking her in this swing , I 'm very disappointed . It was great at first , and the only place my newborn would take naps , but after only 4 weeks it has stopped working -LRB- even with brand new batteries -RRB- .
 My son was 8.6 lbs at birth and loved the swing , he fit really comfortable in it since we used a body pillow insert . The swing takes up little room and has really soft material . The six speed option is great . And that it turns off on it 's own.However , that did n't last long . The price is way too much for the month of use we got out of the swing . He grew out of it so fast . He could n't have been more than ten pounds when this happened . The seat is very uncomfortable for him already . I would n't recommend this to someone with a larger baby because they wo n't be able to use it for a long period of time .
 I love this swing . The colors are soft and attractive , the fabric is soft , the toys are cute , the swing and music settings are easy to use , it has a nice swing lock mechanism , the seat position is adjustable , and it is ultra portable . Like I said , I love this swing . The only problem is , I 'm not the one using it , my son is . The seat is really deep and when my son would lay in it his chin was always smashed into his chest . He was rarely in a comfortable position . I had to put a blanket under him to fill in some of the seat . I got this swing when my son was 2 months old and I ended up returning it when he was 4 months . I kept it for 2 months to see if he would grow into it and he never did . He is small for his age , weighing only 13 lbs in something like the 6th percentile , so perhaps that 's why he was n't a good fit for the swing . I 'm giving this swing a 2 out of 5 because it really has some nice features , but no matter how much I like it , my son did n't . And there is no point in having a swing that is n't going to get used .
 The mobile is ok -LRB- at best -RRB- . You definitely have to have the right crib for it to fit . We had to tie it on with matching fabric b/c it would n't fit around the rail . Also , the arm is white plastic . Hopefully you like the look of plastic put together looking like a puzzle ... it 's definitely not high quality ... but if you 're a big enough fan , you 'll stick with it for fear of being a `` fair weather fan '' !!!!
 I bought this for my daughter and husband 's first baby , a boy . They are avid Vikings fans , but when they opened it up , the football which hangs in the center of the mobile was missing , very disappointed ! The football was a major figure in this mobile too . I 'm not sure if I 'll order another . It was very cute , but a major part missing !
 never got it ! they sold something they could n't even get ! i had to then wait for my money back ... sucked !
 I was very dissapointed in this product and returned it . It is flimsy and if a decently sized child ever actually got ahold of it while it was attached it would probably break right off . The stuffed toys were all slightly `` off '' looking and were not of a very good quality , and if I had screwed the attachment on firm enough to actually keep it upright it would have chewed the finish right off the crib -LRB- as it is it left a mark I had to paint over -RRB- . If you HAVE to have your team , it 's really the only thing out there on the market , be prepared it is NOT worth it unless you are die hard and do n't care about the quality .
 The item is as advertised and is really cool looking , the issue is that when you wind it up it only operates for about 3 minutes , not even close to enough time to put my boy to sleep . I am going to try to find a cheap mobile and harvest the rotator part and replace the one that came with the mobile .
 Once set up , the lamp looked really cool and I liked it a lot . About four days later , the wire that connected it snapped . That was the end of the lamp !
 The mobile is ok -LRB- at best -RRB- . You definitely have to have the right crib for it to fit . We had to tie it on with matching fabric b/c it would n't fit around the rail . Also , the arm is white plastic . Hopefully you like the look of plastic put together looking like a puzzle ... it 's definitely not high quality ... but if you 're a big enough fan , you 'll stick with it for fear of being a `` fair weather fan '' !!!!
 I bought this for my daughter and husband 's first baby , a boy . They are avid Vikings fans , but when they opened it up , the football which hangs in the center of the mobile was missing , very disappointed ! The football was a major figure in this mobile too . I 'm not sure if I 'll order another . It was very cute , but a major part missing !
 never got it ! they sold something they could n't even get ! i had to then wait for my money back ... sucked !
 I was very dissapointed in this product and returned it . It is flimsy and if a decently sized child ever actually got ahold of it while it was attached it would probably break right off . The stuffed toys were all slightly `` off '' looking and were not of a very good quality , and if I had screwed the attachment on firm enough to actually keep it upright it would have chewed the finish right off the crib -LRB- as it is it left a mark I had to paint over -RRB- . If you HAVE to have your team , it 's really the only thing out there on the market , be prepared it is NOT worth it unless you are die hard and do n't care about the quality .
 The item is as advertised and is really cool looking , the issue is that when you wind it up it only operates for about 3 minutes , not even close to enough time to put my boy to sleep . I am going to try to find a cheap mobile and harvest the rotator part and replace the one that came with the mobile .
 I bought these from Babyage since I was having a hard time getting the Stokke Jr Fitted Sheets for our son . I bought two sets and when they arrived I was shocked . They were not from Stokke , but a company called Cocala -LRB- sp ? -RRB- and the quality was horrible . The Stokke ones are suppose to be 400 thread count and these had to be like 180 thread count - scarchy and rough . I contacted babyage immediately via their customer service email link and over a week later I have yet to hear back from them .
 I have purchased it less than a year ago , the thumb part of the handle became loose by itself and my 2 year old was able to easily open the gate and was exposed to the hazard of falling down the stairs.Called the manufacture , they said that that part is not replaceable ; they have only 90 day warranty and do n't stand behind the product even though it 's clear that it is the manufacture defect.I have reported this incident with the CPSC.If you want to buy it to keep the pets away from an area then it 's fine to buy it , but if you buying it for the safety of your child/children then I would defiantly buy something else .
 We bought one of these for a 41 '' wide staircase . I have two other gates for other stairs , and this one is by far the flimsiest . It 's very wobbly , and easy to pull down . This is due to three separate issues :1 . The connection between the main gate and the extensions has a lot of play in it . It 's not made to precise tolerances , but is just very roughly bent steel . The play in it translates to a gate that can move back and forth a lot when pulled .2 . The gate ships with a long and a short extension . For a 41 '' width , we are using the single short extension . The staircase is really too wide for this -- the bolts are out at their maximum length . But it 's about 1/2 '' too short to use the long extension ! If your staircase is either wider or narrower than this , it may be more stable . But for this particular width , it just does n't work . They should re-engineer this so that the lengths of the extensions overlap a little bit .3 . Using it as a pressure-mount gate , the supports are plastic dollar-sized disks that squeeze against the wall . But the disks are hard plastic , not rubber coated , and they do n't get much of a grip on painted walls . I cut some rubber pads that make them more stable , and you can also screw some included cups to the wall . But it 's unrealistic to think that the disks themselves are going to hold the gate to the wall with anything pulling on them.In contrast , the two other gates I have are 100 % solid , adjust to the width properly , and hold well against the wall . In particular , the presure-mounted one made by DreamBaby is an * awesome * gate
 Bought this gate with hopes to use it in our hallway to keep an inquisitive 1 year old away from the stairs . When we received it , the gate seemed well constructed and easy to assemble . We have a number of other gates throughout the house , so we are certainly not unfamiliar with how they go together and work.When we got it set up , no matter how we adjusted it , it would stick at the bottom corner of the swinging door to the bottom crossbar . I tried everything from preloading one side to try to tweak it so it would have more clearance , but it still had interference at the same point when tightened fully.I purchased it based on the positive reviews it received , and maybe I received a defective example . But it went back to Amazon and we went with another gate .
 Please DO NOT buy this baby gate ! This past Friday , December 8 , 2006 , my 4 year old had the latch slip close and resulted in a trip to the ER ! He lost his fingernail , got 3 stitches and broke a bone in his finger ! The maroon part of the latch has a powerful spring that is TOO STRONG , especially for smaller hands and fingers ! I shudder to think what would have happened if my son had smaller fingers ! The bone in his finger is completely split in two . It was very serious ! Please , I urge all parents to look for a safer alternative to this gate ! I 'm going on every website I can find to write about my experience so that this does not happen to another child .
 Pros
 I used the safer bather a few times and thought it was very useful . Then it started to smell !!! I washed it three times and could not get the smell out . Also , I noticed a rash on my daughter 's back and arms around the same time of the smell . I threw out the safer bather and used the sling from her newborn tub and shower combo -LRB- on this website -RRB- . It works much better and it is easy to clean .
 This bath is very comfy for babies and worked well for our newborn during sponge baths . However , if you use it in the tub it needs to be washed in the wash machine each time to prevent it from getting smelly -LRB- and totally useless -RRB- . Plus , if your baby poops during the bath it can stain the material .
 Friend recommended this bather . I used plastic tub first 3 months , when baby outgrew it I gave this cushion a try . I have a double kitchen sink ; cushion took up too much room so I 've been using it in the bathtub . I 'd rinse it and hang it to dry and it would still be wet the next night . It 's been 3 months now and mildew is starting to form . I also did n't like the way baby layed down flat during bath . I am going to buy a toddler tub asap .
 We bought this product for use after our baby out grew his spa baby -LRB- LOVE THE SPA BABY ! -RRB- When we got it , it was a little misshapen . After a month of use and through drying after each use , this thing stunk like mildew ! I threw this thing away and now I am buying a bath chair . My advice would be to buy a spa baby for months 1-5 and a bathing chair for months 6 + . Dont waste your $ $ on this moldy thing ! : -LRB-
 I purchased this to use while giving my 3 month old son a bath in the sink . I found it to be too awkward to use in the sink . I was unable to keep my son 's head elavated without having to hold him up . It might work better in the tub with more room .
 We got this bath pad for our 3 month old and initially loved it , as he sat there so comfortably while we washed him , but within even the first month he started getting a horrible rash on his back due to contact with the bath pad . We have always cleaned and hung to dry , but we live in a warm climate and clearly the mildew grows inside of the mat unless you have professional drying equipment . To avoid buying another pad we have attempted to use wet towels over the pad so that his skin does not come in direct contact with the infected pad , but unfortunately this does not appear to be enough . Our baby is now six months and has an ongoing and painful looking rash on his back where it has been touching the bath pad.BOTTOM LINE
 I may have gotten a lemon on this one but after just one bath I was already getting mildew just from hanging it in the shower . Weird .
 I searched and searched and thought I found the best thing . That is until it started smelling of Mildew a month later . The concept is great if you want to buy a new one every month.It is also hard to keep your baby warm , you ca n't get their body in water without it coming up to their ears .
 I have been using this bather for about 4 months now . I loved it at first . It made bathing baby very easy and she did not slip and slide all over the place . I bought a hook to hang on the wall so that I could hang it up and it would drain and dry properly . However , after about 4 months I started to notice that it was beginning to get small moldy spots . I located my `` instruction sheet '' that came with the bather and followed the washing instructions . No luck . The moldy spots were still there . I have decided not to use it any longer .
 mildews so bad ! i bought a second one thinking that I was doing something wrong . I rinsed and even put outside every night to dry completely . I now need to buy a bath for my 6 mo old since she cant sit up all that great just yet . i emailed the company and this is what they said _____________________________________________________________ Hello-We are sorry to hear about the problems you are having with your bather.While the bather is not mildew proof , it will resist mildew with proper care and maintenance . This product may develop some mildew if you use a baby shampoo that contains skin conditioners such as aloe , vita E or any type of moisturizing lotion.The care instructions are on the label , but you can wash your bather in the washing machine gentle cycle and use a non-chlorine bleach if needed . Be sure and allow your bather to air dry in a well-ventilated area . Leave the bathroom door open and do not store behind a shower curtain.Please contact us if we can be of further assistance . _____________________________________________________________ I did n't use any of the products that they listed and it still got moldy
 I can see that it would be comfortable but it was easier to bathe without this bulky item ... . Would not suggest .
 Not very sanitary . The first time I used it my baby pooped on it and I had to wash it . It washed up horribly . I do n't want to throw this in the washing machine every time I give my baby a bath .
 This is a horrible product . The photo is very deceiving . It is completely flat , not inclined like the photo portrays . My baby 's head did not stay above the water so I tried to put him tummy down on it and at first it was okay and a second later I looked and the poor thing 's face was completely submerged in water . He could have drowned . Please dont buy it for your own safety !
 This product is a waste of money . It does not work the way you would expect . It becomes completely waterlogged and heavy . The baby lies flat and is not submersed in any water at all , leaving baby cold and uncomfortable . I am surprised at all the good reviews . The plain old mesh `` sling '' bath is better and costs less .
 I am a new mother of a 3 week old boy . I was all excited when I got the Safer Bather until I used it a few times . I placed the bather ontop my sink counter for sponge baths , before his belly button fell off . It did keep him comfortable but I had to place a towel under it to catch the water . After I hung it in the shower to drain and dry it developed some black mold . I did n't want to bath him on it like that so I washed it.What a mistake ! Now I ca n't use it anymore . I called the store and they said I could return it , which is great . I am just sticking with a regular baby tub now .
 Bath pad did its job but by the time I got him undressed and on the pad the water it had sucked up had turned cold and it was horrible
 I bought this based on so many parents ' reviews here . I should have listened to the negative ones instead of the raves . My son is now almost 5 months old and I 'm going to have to buy another bath tub . Mildew is growing on this pad , despite having been washed in the washing machine and put outside to dry . This pad absorbs ALOT of water when in the tub , it gets really heavy and will leave a lake on your bathroom floor if you hang it to dry anywhere other than inside the tub/shower . This is n't practical to use inside a regular tub . I ended up using it on the bathroom counter most of the time .
 Follow the instructions to the letter - this product will still smell bad after a few uses . I HATE IT !!! I 've gone through 3 bathing things so far - and this is my least favorite . First , it does n't have much elevation for newborns . Second , it gets heavy once it 's wet and flattens.Alternate product recommendation - Sure Comfort Tub by The First Years ... . now THAT is a good baby bathtub !!!
 This product seemed OK at first , with a newborn in a kitchen sink with very little water . The picture above is deceiving , because it really is a FLAT pillow with very little concave -LRB- notice the baby in the picture is propped up ; this is not how the pillow will lie in your sink/tub -RRB- so the baby 's ears are often submerged in very little water . What 's worse , is that in a matter of a few months , the pillow material is pilling/shredding , it smells , and it 's covered in mildew . No amount of machine washing will get it clean ... So , time to try something else !
 I got this awhile ago for my first son . it was a great idea , and he loved it , but man did it STINK ! no matter where or how soon I hung it up to dry . outside , inside , febreezed ... any of it . plus immediately after the bath it 's a huge pillow soaked with water , so it 's heavy and not too convenient . we also lived in a super SMALL house in philadelphia with no good spot to store it . we 've since switched to theSummer Infant Fold N ' Store Tub Time Bath Slingand it 's been through 2 kids and I 'm about to use it for one more . it 's convenient and folds and best of all does n't STINK like mildew ! blech ! do n't waste the money , you 'll end up buying something else anyway !
 I never write product reviews , but this was one product I had to comment on . I purchased the Safer Bather because my one month old hated the bath . His plastic tub was hard and he would tilt to the side . This seemed like the perfect solution ... and it was , for about a month . Then the smell and the mildew started . No matter that I wrung the cushion out after his bath , and hung it to dry completely between uses , it continued to mildew . When I washed it , it completely lost its shape . My son is now six months old , and I have n't used it in months . Also , after buying this product and liking it -LRB- at the time -RRB- , I then ordered another product from the Leachco Inc. . Catalogue -LRB- which came in the package -RRB- . That product -LRB- a `` lightly '' vibrating sleep positioner -RRB- did not work at all ! I now believe that Leachco products are a complete waste of money ! I hope this review helps : -RRB-
 I purchased one of these for our now 6 year old daughter and loved it . Naturally one of the first things on my `` must have '' list for our daughter this time around was a Safer Bather . Had I only known ... Six years ago these were filled with the little tiny styrofoam beans like you would find in a bean bag chair which was great because it gave the bath pad a bit of `` float '' to it which helped keep the babys head elevated during her bath , and it drained like a charm when I hung it up to dry.Fast forward 6 years and I am totally disapointed . The one I recieved this time was filled with polyester batting which has started to turn lumpy after just 3 months of light use . It also weighs a ton when you try to pull it out of the water and hang it to dry . Even after hanging all night I have to squeeze the excess water from this thing in the morning to prevent mildew . The worst part is that this thing does not float at all . It simply sinks to the bottom of the bath tub and lately I have been finding that my very active 3 month old will turn her head and almost get water in her eyes despite there being maybe 3 inches of water in the tub and I always position her so that her head is at the opposite end of the drain . Luckily she is already sitting and is ready for a big girl bath seat so I can quite using this piece of junk.This thing is so bad it 's going to be repurposed into a dog bed or something . I just wish they had not changed the great product that the `` safer bather '' used to be .
 We found this was n't the best thing to use in the bath regularly . It 's a bit of work to wring the water out , and you never get it all out . It takes over a day to dry , which means if you use it daily you can expect mold/mildew . We did find it useful around the house outside the tub . If you ever need to lay your baby down somewhere secure and do n't have time to prep it , this bath pad makes a handy pad that keeps your child in position .
 I got the safe bather for my 3 month-old baby . It was good at first , but now that he is 5 months , that bather stinks ! Every time I bathe my baby , I squize the water out of it and I hang it on the shower . I have washed it several times , but it has come to a point that the smell wo n't go away!I now put a towel on top of it , so it wo n't stink that bad , however my son is starting to sit on his own , so bath time is becoming easier !
 We bought this for our infant son because it looked like the most comfortable baby bath on the market . It absorbs the warm water which our baby liked but when you hang it up to dry it molds before it dries . We squeezed out the excess water -LRB- as the directions recommend -RRB- and hung it in a dry room to air out . The next day it smelled of mildew . And each time we used it we had to wash it in the washing machine to get the smell out -- WAY too much work . Go for a plastic tub .
 I loved the idea of this , and it did seem cozy for my son , but , it mildewed after one month of use , despite rinsing and squeezing it out . I later washed it the washer , and now it has lost it shape and thickness , and still smells funny . Too bad , because I like the idea of a pillow-like surface to keep him from slipping around in the tub .
 The picture is very deceiving ! It looks like it holds a baby that is at least a couple of months old , with his head safely elevated , in a fair amount of water . I 've also read reviews that indicate people use this with 5 and 6 month old babies . My 15 pound 10 week old barely fits on it ! It was so small , not what I expected at all . It is more of a pillow than a tub . It is also very flat and does not keep the baby very elevated in the tub . It does seem like it may be nice for sponge bathing a new born though .
 This Safer Bather was a waste ! ... Even more so it wore horribly ! When I called the company I got no were ! I got an email stating that they only guarantee there product for 30 days . Mine tore after 3 months of use and they could care less ! They were rude and very unfriendly ! I say take your business elsewhere !
 really not ideal for safety . It 's flat and goes on the bottom of the tub . I do n't like it - maybe it works for other but not me .
 I initially loved this , but even though we squeezed all of the water out of it and hung it to dry every time we used it , it never quite dried . As a result , it started stinking and got discolored within the first month we owned it . I 'm really disappointed , because otherwise I loved this product and so did my baby .
 It worked good for support in the baby tub when I had to sponge bathe her . Other then that I dont see too many uses for it . I only used it twice and now it reaks of mildew . I made sure to ring it after every use and hang it . I just hope they will still let me return it .
 I received the Safer Bather as a shower gift 3 years ago . I picked the item for my registry because of the great reviews I read on this site . Two babies and countless baths later , I still do not understand or like this bather . I even contemplated throwing it out while cleaning out a closet last week . * My babies did not like laying on the Safer Bather . They squirmed and twisted even at an early age . * I did not feel like my babies were safe in the Safer Bather . * The only time I was comfortable using the Safer Bather was when I was in the bathtub with my baby . Not very convenient . * The Safer Bather does not come with any instructions or suggestions for use . * It is very difficult to put water in the tub , put the Safer Bather in the tub , the baby on top of the Safer Bather and then wash the baby.I had much better luck with my Safety First Baby Bathtub and I used it in my kitchen -LRB- much easier on my back -RRB- . I kept one hand on my baby and another on the washcloth ! Very simple and easy .
 works for bath with towels early days , but to bathe a baby in a tub is unsanitary , the fabric is lint .
 I knew I did not have the room for a hard plastic tub so I got this . The picture shows the baby propped at the back of the tub . Who washes a baby like that ? I filled my tub , put this in the middle and added the baby . There are two problems with this bather . 1 . No matter what the thick head rest gets filled with water which quickly cools and the baby is laying in cold water . 2 . It does n't allow for water to flow back and forth so the water in the shallow end of the tub also cools quickly . Every time I used this even with heating the bathroom my baby got cold ! The pad holds a lot of water !!! So you have to have some were it can drain for a while . -LRB- The package actually warns of internal molding -RRB- . We have switched to a mesh style tub and will probably use this pad as a `` confy '' seat in the wading pool this summer .
 So i am not the type to ever write a review , but this one needs it . I purchased this pillow for my 2 month old because the way she sat in the blue plastic infant tubs seemed to hurt her bottom . I got this is the mail and was so excited to use in my sink ... . Well I was very quickly disappointed . The pad acted as a sponge and soaked up all the water , which in turn became cold so I had to keep adding warm water . Then I laid my little one on the pad and she was barely covered with water because the pad was retaining it all . So I had to fill up the sink with more water to cover at least some of her body tO avoid her becoming cold . Well with the water being just perfect covering some body ... I noticed the supposed elevated head part was laying completely flat which caused her ears to be under water . So then I had to get a towel and submerge it in water under the pad ... . Then my little one keep slipping down on the pad and her ears kept ending up in the water and she seemed to be freezing the whole time ... So end result ... A sopping wet padSopping wet towelAnd a cold babyAnd a returned item back to amazon
 I purchased this because the store was out of the tub I wanted and this was my second choice . I should have just waited . The first time I used it I followed all the directions about what soap you should n't use and washing and drying instructions . The first time I used it I placed it inside my infant tub and when through rung out the water and hung it to dry . The next morning there was a black ring that looked like mildew where the water had dried . So I washed it following all the directions . It is now all lumpy and the fabris is pulled in one spot and could break open . I am very unhappy with this and hopefully will be able to return it . I would not recommend this to anyone . I 'll just roll up a towel to keep my newborn 's head from wobbling .
 This bather seemed safe and easy . However , I thought it was kind of dangerous for two reasons . One - It was dangerous for me to carry my newborn daughter in and out of our huge tub to put her in the bather . Two - This thing slides all over the place in the tub . It also did n't fit in my sink ! Another hassel was having to strain the water out of it and hanging it to dry . We used it twice before we threw it away .
 I got this bathtub all excited from the reviews ... I used it the first couple days of my sons life , and I did enjoy the cushiness of the tub and it was very easy to sponge bath him in it . However , one day it was time for a real bath , and I placed him in it , bare bum and all ... and he took a number 2 right in the tub ! This was the messiest thing EVER . I could n't clean it all off becase it soaked in , it was so gross . Plus he also has a habit of peeing in the tub as well . Unless you baby is super otty trained from birth , they will do it too . I immediatly threw it in the closet and got out the plastic tub my sis bought for me from a yard sale for 75 cents . I 've been using it ever since . Throwing it in the washer is not an option when you go to a laundramat ... plus ... YUK ! No easy cleanup . How are you supposed to clean baby with a gross tub ? I wondered if the designers for this product ever had a baby when this happened ... If you want cusiness , but a platic tub and put down a fluffy towel . You 'll get the same effect and it 's easier to clean .
 We bought this from a local Babies R Us store to use in our baby bathtub . We had been putting a towel in the tub to keep our 2 month old from sliding down inside the tub.Once we put this Safer Bather in there , our baby could barely fit ! It kept him so far out of the water that he was getting cold . Also , the Safer Bather itself got extemely cold once it was wet and exposed to the air.I may be wrong about how to use this thing - we have n't tried it in the adult bathtub yet , but I really ca n't imagine how it would work in there.Save your money and just use a towel in the baby 's bathtub until your baby is old enough to fit in it properly .
 First of all , it was too big for my kitchen sink so I did n't use it until my son was about 6 months old and could bathe him in the tub . By that time my son was able to roll over and crawled his cute little butt right out of it . So I never really got to use it , nor did I need to use it . It 's just a big piece of junk that I do n't really know where to keep . If you like the idea of this item I at least suggest buying one of those inflatable tubs , that way it will be out of the way when not in use . Otherwise , I think that you could do without it .
 I bought this thinking that I was getting a floating bath pad for my new baby . This does NOT float . It just fills up with water and sinks in the tub . Then it weighs about 20 lbs when you take it out . Maybe this is what other customers wanted , but it was not the product I was expecting . I 'll keep looking for a floating bath mat like I used with my 3 year old son .
 I have been using the Safe Bather for 3 months and loved it . Last night , I noticed that there was mold on it . I followed the instructions and hung it up immediately after using it . Do n't take a chance .
 I do n't get this tub . It fills with water making it heavy and water laden . It does n't prop the baby up enough to prevent water getting in the ears . Its a waste of time . Try the fold up tub offered via Babies R US from First Safety .
 I do n't get all the good reviews of this product . I really do n't like it . It 's too big to fit comfortably in my standard size sink , and does n't keep babies head inclined and out of the water in the tub . It does seem comfy for baby , but she does easily get cold in it . There is n o way for baby to stay submerged in some water to stay warm . I much prefer the first years safety tub . There is a reason it 's design has been around for years ! It just works !
 I bought this because it looked like a more comfortable version of the tub sponge that my mom recommended . It does elevate the baby more than the yellow sponge , but I had a few things I did n't like about it . First , it is very hard to lift to wring out after the bath . The water it soaks up makes it very heavy . Second , if you do n't have all of the water wrung out of it , and do n't completely submerge it into the warm water at the next bath , when the baby lays on it some of the cold water comes out and makes the baby cold . For the longest time I could n't figure out why my son screamed every time I laid him on the Safer Bather , and then one day I felt the cold water coming up out of it as I was bathing him . I switched to the Sure Comfort newborn to toddler tub and he likes it so much better . He prefers to be IN the warm water rather than on top of it .
 I 've been using this since mid-Sept 2002 , and my baby loves it . However , I 've recently noticed a mildew odor , and the fabric is pilling . I hang it to dry in a well-ventilated room after each bath , so I 'm clueless as to why there is a mildew problem . I 've tried washing it by hand , too . That seemed to help a little , but it did not eliminate the odor . I 've contacted Leachco to see if they have any suggestions , as these problems are contradictory to the corporate product description . These problems aside , it 's a great product .
 I really do like the product , however it did mildew -LRB- the tag says it wo n't -RRB- . I am having to throw it out after having it for 2 months . It just keeps getting mildew spots no matter what I do !
 The bath was comfortable for my baby and he enjoyed it . But after 20 uses it reeked . I followed directions on how to clean it and it still stunk . Also it shed little lint balls . I now have a basic baby plastic seat where you slip the baby 's legs through . It is a lot cleaner then this cloth bath .
 My 4 month old daughter lifts her legs & butt up so that she slides down on the cushion thus submerging her ears in the water - about 2 inches of water in the tub . Even with us being right there I do n't think this is a very safe item . It also smells sour and has since the 3rd use , in spite of being rinsed & dried after every bath .
 We have followed all instructions on the bather to avoid mildew . It has continued to have problems . We have washed the bather in the washing machine twice and problem always returns . We wring it out well and hang it right under a air vent in our bathroom . It smells so bad of mildew we are going to have to buy something else to bathe our son in . Lasted about a month before the mildew smell took over . Stay away from this product !!
 I originally bought this bather b/c of its soft comfort concept , but after only a few baths and hanging it up to dry , this bather succumbed to mold . I could not get the moldy smell out of the bather , even after washing and drying it in the washer and dryer . I would definitely not recommend this to anyone . Your baby deserves a better surface to bathe in , NOT mold !
 I bought this product for my 5 mo old baby b/c she had outgrown her baby tub but not quite ready to sit up in the tub . I did a lot of research and this product claims to be mildew resistant but not mildew proof . If you live anywhere that it is humid , do not buy this product -- it will mildew after just one use even if you rinse it out and wring it out real well . It does provide comfy cushioning for baby in the tub , but unless you want to throw it in the dryer after every wash , you might want to look elsewhere .
 Good idea that needs improving . Cushions baby well & holds head up to avoid watery ears , but a bit scratchy & pills easily . Does n't drain & dry well , although wrung & hung up immediately . Worse , though washed often , mildews ; you do n't want your child to touch or breathe that . Contacted co. about mildewing easily , despite claim of resistancy . Response
 liked bather at first , but when began to mildew and we FOLLOWED MFR 'S INSTRUCTIONS , completely `` pilled '' and filling clumped . our baby is allergic , so things need to be clean for him . MFR was not interested in hearing our concerns either .
 It soaks up so much water and takes to long to dry . Not really what I was expecting or looking for . Still looking for that perfect baby bather .
 I liked using this for my premiee baby girl once she grew out of her NICU bath at home but after a few months use it gave her a rash on her back . I did n't think it was the bath pad giving her the rash until her 3 year old sister started to get the same rash on her bottom because she liked to sit on it after my baby girl got out . I would not reccomend this product .
 I ordered this because I do n't have a lot of storage space and thought this bath would be easier to store than a big plastic tub . It arrived sealed in plastic but when I attempted to use it for the first time black dirt seeped out . I have attempted to wash it 3 times through the washing machine and still get black dirt .
 I love the fragrance and it leaves a wonderful fragrance on the skin . It does leave your skin soft , but we were only able to get 16 showers from it and I watched as it literally shrank to nothing in my hand as I used it . I do not spend an excessive amount of time showering and typically get around 2-3 weeks worth of use from a bar of soap before it disappears to nothing -LRB- with two of us using it ~ ~ sometimes twice daily when we have 95 degree days ! -RRB- . We opened the soap on Thursday evening and by the following Tuesday morning , it was just a thin shadow of what it once was . Very disappointed in the longevity of it ! Will not purchase it again even if it does smell wonderful !
 I have a Chicco Cortina stroller and this shade does not fully cover the stroller . I live in Texas so my little one needs all the protection he can get from the sun and from bugs . Insects can still find their way into the stroller by the foot rest and also through the back of the stroller . Currently , my workaround is spraying a blanket or towel with organic insect repellant and placing it near the `` openings '' where the bugs can get into the stroller.Plus side is the UV protection , however UV can still touch my little one via the netting on the sides.I would not recommend this shade to my friends .
 I bought this for my jogging stroller to run and protect my babe from the sun ... but when all said and done , it is simply too complicated ! Everything has to be tied on , and then you have to untie everything to get your little one out ! I wish they would have used velcro , it would have made more sense . I think for walking every once in awhile it would be fine , but for an avid runner who needs something every day , not worth it . I will be spending the extra $ $ $ and buying the BOB sunshade .
 The canopy of the InStep Safari stroller is too wide for this sunshade . It fits well in the visor position , but when used in tent style it leaves small holes on each side and the sun falls directly on my daughter 's head and face . It is also very cumbersome to change from visor to tent position and back . It also looks rather cheap for the money you pay . I expected something more sophisticated , fitting and easier to use .
 I am not really happy with these covers . My daughter can wear them for about an hour and a half until she soaks right through her pants ! I think the cheap vinyl pants work better .
 I got five of these diaper covers -LRB- after having another brand that worked fine -RRB- and I was surprised to discover that they are not waterproof at all ... my son 's bed is wet after an hour nap !!!
 i got these because i was tired of the cheap Gerber brand plastic pants . the only draw back is that they are so expensive ! i paid almost $ 12 for one pair -LRB- including S&H ;-RRB- . for me i 'd rather just get the ones that might break faster but are three times cheaper . and by the way you can put duck tape over the breaks -LRB- on either side -RRB- and they will be as good as new . it does n't come off and you can still use them.this is me editing/add to what i wrote eariler ... on top of being way to expensive , they do n't hold very much at all before leaking out the sides . because they are so loose -LRB- not around the openings -RRB- all the pee just pools at the bottom , well until the child sits down , then it all goes out the leg hole ! not desirable!once I put a single cloth diaper on my 1.5 yr old and these pants over it . i happened to be sitting on the floor and she was standing in front of me so i could see -LRB- these are relatively clear -RRB- when she peed because all of a sudden there was a little pool of pee in the bottom ! this may be due to the single cloth diaper but i doubt it has everything to do with it because the gerber vinyl pants that i recommend are tight enough so the pee does n't pool . they push against the cloth so it absorbs the liquids better.also i noticed once after i put these over a doubled cloth diaper that they started to feel wet , on the outside !! so i checked and sure enough they were a little damp . so i looked and the material happens to be different feeling on both sides . like on side is more water resistant than the other side . anyway i turned them inside-out and they seemed to hold the moisture a lot better.one last thing ... these run VERY large . I got a Medium -LRB- 15-30lbs -RRB- however my daughter is now at least 25lbs and still they are very loose around the legs and waist . i 'm not sure how they justify putting 15lbs on there ! a medium is more like 30-45lbs ! i sometimes use them for over her cloth potty training pants since they are comfy and easy for her to take off and put on.and another great thing is they are not hand wash , like the gerbers .
 I bought these for my 12lb infant and found that they did not breath or fit very well and leaked right away . They were too big and did not hold the cloth diaper at all . The cloth diaper fell apart under the cover even with the use of snappies holding them on . Also the legs holes seemed to be cut too low compared to the rise and my infant has chunky thighs and the elastic leg holes pinched his skin too much . I do not recommend these and would recommend a fitted diaper cover with velcro so it can conform to your babies shape .
 I bought my daughters -LRB- who were both pregnant at the same time -RRB- one of these chair each . My one daughter gave me the chair back when her baby was six month old because the baby was shaking it apart . The bolts fall out of it easily . It is extremely hard to clean and also very hard to put a toddler in the chair because of the `` fit '' . The other daughter moved her baby into a BUMPPO and booster chair at the 4 to 6 month old level.I would NOT recommend this chair at all .
 Got a new cushion for a 5 year old chair , and the old cushion still looks better than the new one . Svan is clearly on a downward slope in quality , the new cushion looks cheap , poorly made and is much less padded than the old one . It is disappointing when a company 's own product looks like a knockoff .
 I bought this travel bag for vacation . When I got home I noticed that the tape that closed the box was cut . When I took the bag out and looked at the wheels they were nice and used . A total inconvenience to me . Its just like Babies-r-us to take things back and not check to see if they were used . This has happened to me on more than one occasion from them . Just like the Exersaucer I bought , as well as the infant car seat , all opened and used . So just a note to everyone - check it in the store - BEWARE they take everything back and put it right back on the shelves . They probably would take back used diapers too !!
 We used the bag for a direct flight and packed only our stroller into the bag -LRB- it fit perfectly -RRB- . Going from the parking lot to the terminal was slow going because the bottom of the bag does not have any support so the stroller was pushing the bottom down to the ground , causing it to drag . We commented at the time that the bag would n't make it through too many trips with the dragging problem . We 'll never know how long the bottom would have survived . When we retrieved the bag after the flight , there was a huge tear at the TOP of the bag from the bag being hoisted by it 's handle . Our recommendation to Eddie Bauer
 thought this was a necessity to protect our stroller while traveling so i bought one the night before travel . my graco quattro fit perfectly , BUT was very awkward to wheel around . first , it has a soft handle so the bag hangs low when tipped to wheel . Second , the back/bottom of the bag that the weight of the stroller sits on when wheeling has NO SUPPORT WHATSOEVER so the stroller drags on the ground unless you 're over 6 feet tall and can wheel the bag at a steeper angle.not sure if this was due to abuse by airline personnel . . the zipper broke and the bag was on the conveyor belt open . it was useless for the flight back . i might as well have put my stroller in a black garbage bag.this was a great product idea , but this model needs improvement . i highly recommend a back support to keep the weightbearing side rigid while being wheeled . maybe a rigid telescoping handle that extends all the way down to the wheels . definitely a more durable zipper or maybe adding velcro enclosures just like a playpen mat closes around the playpen frame to avoid too much strain on the zipper . note
 I have used this cover on one trip . It was very helpful , and easy to use . The whole side opens up so that the stroller can fit in quickly , and the bag has wheels for easy moving . The only bad thing about this cover is that when using the wheels to move the stroller the cover drags on the ground and it wore a hole in it . I was very disappointed that it was so fragile . I only used it on it 's wheels for maybe 100 feet and it already has a fairly large hole in it .
 This bag fell apart after the first flight and we gate checked ! I duct taped it to limp home , but if you have a sturdy stroller , go for a sturdy bag , THIS IS NOT IT !
 I 'm really glad I only bought three of these ! They were so highly rated that I even bought the matching cover , but I did not like them at all . After only a couple of hours the diaper was soaked through and I mean through ! The cover had to be washed as well since the diaper was so thoroughly soaked . That was n't the worst , though , because I would n't mind changing her more often , but the wet was held against her skin all throughout the diaper , even above her legs at the snaps ! No wicking at all and I know she was really uncomfortable . Plus at 10 lbs this diaper already seemed too small for her , or very soon would be . Do n't waste your money - go for the Bum Genius with the free Super Saver Shipping - it 's worth the extra $ by far .
 These diapers smell the absolute worst of all of the cloth diapers we have tried . After our newborn pees , the entire diaper soakes and it does n't wick away the urine , it just soaks it so she sits in her urine . We are very attentive and change her all of the time , checking her to make sure she does n't get any rashes . We do n't like using these . ALSO - a note about `` THANKSMAMA '' - it says you receive a coral , yellow and purple diaper in this set in the description on Amazon . I did not receive three different colors , only 3 white ones . I was upset about this , and wrote to them . They offered to replace them with the correct colors if I sent them back . Well , it is Winter , snowing all of the time , and I have a newborn - not so easy to get to the post office to send back 3 diapers just because the color was wrong . I am disappointed in this as well .
 It is very simple , the product that came inside the box is not the one that is displayed on the picture on the packaging . I bought this product and was suprised as it does not open on the bottom -LRB- as advertised -RRB- but opens as a regular bag , with the shoulder strap inconveniently placed right where the car seat goes making it very difficult to put the seat inside . Not only is the product not effective and very complicated to use , but it is NOT what is advertised , it is a completetely different product .
 It worked alright . Made traveling a little easier with a child . It is n't very thick and has holes after one trip through the airport , you get what you pay for .
 We have order the upaa one earlier and did not have any luck on it since it broke as we use it for the first time . So we decide to try it again on a different one . This time we order the product came in did n't look exactly like the picture and it did n't do us justice either . However it is very roomy you can fit others thing in it . The handle is very steady . The bottom seam is not very strong . Again as we use it for the very firt time the bottom part came off and we only put the car seat inside . I think it is very nice and very convenince if they can just make it a little stronger .
 I opened the box and I almost vomited from the HORRIBLE smell -LRB- and I 'm not even pregnant -RRB- . I left this bag outside for over a week partly because I could n't stomach the thought of touching it to repackage and return it to Amazon but also hoping the smell would go away . It has n't . I would never put my baby 's car seat in this stink bomb ! Do not order this bag !
 The bag did fit my eddie bauer carseat nicely , but the product was defective . Upon arrival , the carrying strap was so badly frayed that it was completely detached from the bag and could not be used to carry the bag . It was also too frayed to be repaired . Neither sunshine kids nor amazon was able to replace the bag as sunshine kids was apparently out of stock , so we purchased a car seat travel bag from graco for a few dollars more . I have just returned from my trip and I highly recommend the graco bag . It is a much better product in every aspect , in my opinion , including a stronger and more comfortable carrying strap . Finally , I did not find my interaction with sunshine kids regarding their defective product to be very helpful as they initially confused this bag with another product , and they did not respond to my subsequent inquiries . I would rate their customer service as very poor . Also , now it is my responsibility to return the defective product in order to get a refund . Save yourself time and money and skip the sunshine kids travel bag .
 Our other car seat bag is the Eddie Bauer one . Getting a full sized carseat into the Sunshine Kids bag is as much of a wrestling match as it is with the Eddie Bauer bag ; however , the Eddie Bauer bag is made of far better materials . We thought we 'd take a chance with this since the Eddie Bauer bag is now tough to find and more $ $ $ + this Sunshine Kids bag got decent reviews . The EB one has held up to many trips where the people in baggage have dragged it across the pavement ... The Sunshine Kids bag however did not . The bag was very worn , but not ripped after our first flight . When we attempted to put in the carseat for our return flight , the bag riped in the biggest wear spot . In fact , just the stress of trying to get the seat in the bag caused a rip nearly the full length of the bag . The airline had to put it all into a plastic bag b/c it was such a useless mess . So , all these people who left glowing reviews are just lucky ... that 's all.This product is a total piece of junk !!!!!!!!
 While the bag was spacious enough -LRB- and then some -RRB- to fit our Evenflo Big Kid DLX , disassembled , a seam tore when I was removing the bag from the trunk at the airport ... before the flight . Given the known fact that baggage handlers are rough with luggage , my handling of the bag was ` with kid gloves ' in comparison . Thankfully , I had a large safety pin in my luggage ; however , this item was a disappointment and is not recommended . They should reinforce the seams better .
 We purchased this based on the positive reviews ; however , we were surprised when we ended up with a hole after it 's third flight . I do n't know how much traveling people are doing with this , but after less than a year and 7 flights , I do n't think we 'll be able to use it again . It 's ripping on a seam and the fabric is sporting several little holes .
 We received this as a baby shower gift and thankfully did not spend any money on it -LRB- the first time -RRB- . The bag ripped while at the airport during our trip home . Thankfully the rip was not yet that bad . We were able to wrap the shoulder strap around it to hold it together . After we picked it up in baggage claim the rip had become much worse . We purchased another one to replaced the ripped bag and noticed other reviews ' feedback warning that the material rips easily , but we needed something to fit the Radian 80 carseat . We have n't yet taken the newer bag through the airport check in yet .
 I chose this because we travel at least once a year to Grammy 's . The bag ripped while we were putting the car seat into the bag . We have a Britax Marathon . I really did n't want a backpack , because it 's really just a cover so we could check the carseat as baggage .
 They are SOOOO bulky , and it seems they do n't whisk away ANY mositure . I just use a pre-fold and leave it folded hotdog style and put that in the diaper cover , works just as well , and less bulky ! Or I sometimes just use the inserts for my bumgenius . this is totally unnecessary , but soft ... so if that 's all that matters ...
 If you 're a fan of the original Wendy Bellissimo line , before she sold out and mass produced , you wo n't be impressed . The quality of the fabric and workmanship is marginal , very disappointing , but you get what you pay for !
 I was just convinced this was the set for me until I saw it in the store on a display . The entire set looked like it had been washed with a red jogging suit on accident . The materials were rough , like old fashioned polyester . I was so disappointed yet thankful I had n't started any decorating projects around it .
 Unlike some reviewers , I do n't question the quality of the fabrics or the colors . This is a beautiful set . The colors and fabric aare awesome , but the blanket is small and thin . It is barely big enough to cover the crib mattress . And it is soooo thin . It is basically two pieces of fabric sewn together with a ruffle . There is not any batting or anything in the middle to give it any substance . It was a great disappointment .
 This was n't my first baby and usually we buy the baby bedding sets for less than $ 200 . When I saw this online I decided to break my rule and purchased the set . What a big mistake . The quality as others have said is not the best and its really sad because this is the most expensive set at Babies R US , and although when I first saw it in a catalog they described it as `` affordable '' which for most people it is n't . To pay $ 300 for just a 4 pc set is rediculous and you can get better deals and better quality by going with Kidsline . Test the quality before you buy , and before you place any of the bedding on your registry or you will regret it later . Its true what they say the colors are much different online and in catalogs than it is in real life .
 I anxiously awaited this bedding . I painted my nursery the palest of pinks according to the description and pictures . I was registered for everything and was so excited - I 'd shown everyone and just raved about it . Well , I went to the store to pick it up and almost cried . I was n't upset over the fabric as some were . It was the colors that upset me . The description indicated pale pink and sage green , however to me , it looks like peach and the drabbest olive green I 've ever seen . I understand a ` vintage ' look but to me , this was just washed out and dull looking . I 'm glad that I did n't order it online and I 'm glad that I was able to delete my registry before people purchased items for me .
 While I 'm happy with the look of the crib set , I would n't recommend getting this set if you 're interested in everything matching . We ordered all the matching pieces -LRB- sheets , curtains , mobile , hamper , etc. -RRB- -- it is now almost 8 months later and majority of the items are still not in . We 're now stuck with what we have and trying to find something that matches . If and when the stuff comes in my daughter will probably be onto another set of bedding . I wo n't be ordering any thing from Wendy Lateissimo .
 I searched for 5 months for the perfect bedding for our little girl . When I saw Vintage Teaberry I stopped looking . I showed everyone pics on the internet & mistakenly painted my nursery around it . We chose white furniture when we preferred cherry b/c it looked great w / this set in the picture . I registered for it 1 & 1/2 mos . before it came out and had the date of release on my calendar . My first shower came and we began receiving the accessory decor . The next day we went to buy the set and I panicked the moment I saw it . It 's the color of a yellowed 75 yr old wedding dress stored in your grandmother 's attic . The `` sage '' velvet is itchy and looks like generic olives that have been sitting on a discount grocer 's shelf for a yr past the expiration date . My last shower is this next weekend and I had to update my registry QUICK . I was panicked and near tears and after all that research I had 30 minutes to `` settle '' for something that was n't too babyish -LRB- good luck at BABIES R ' Us finding that -RRB- for our paint job -LRB- sage and lemon chiffon stripes -RRB- . WORD TO WISE
 This set is very disappointing -- very low quality . The blanket is coarse and small . Also , the fabric seems very cheap . Not worth the money and not like the quality of the old Wendy Bellissimo sets.Very overpriced for the poor quality . It was such a HUGE disappointment because I had waited several months for this set to be released . The picture is beautiful but it looks extremely different in person ...
 I fell in love with this set online . I was surprised to find it in our local Babies R Us , since I thought you could only purchase it online . Boy , I 'm glad I saw it in person . The sage looked so faded compared to the online picture . Even the new ones in the package looked that way . I was really disappointed . And the rose pattern looked like something you would get at the `` old '' K-mart -LRB- the way K-mart clothes used to look - for those of us who are old enough to remember -RRB- . So , it 's back to the drawing board for me . I would recommend looking at this in person before you buy it . It may not be exactly what you 're looking for .
 I bought this set for my new daughter 's nursery . All of the pictures I saw online looked beautiful and I just loved the colors and look and feel of the set . To my disappointment , it was not the same in person.Once I received my set , I noticed the fabrics were VERY cheap . The cotton was scruffy and thin , not soft or something I would want my newborn daughter 's skin rubbing against . The colors were not as vibrant as they looked in any of the pictures I saw . this was a bit disappointing to me , too.Many of the bumpers I looked at had different textures and plush , vibrant pictures for the baby to touch and feel . This bumper is cheap . It 's made from ONLY cheesy cotton throughout with a tiny chenille cord along the top . BORING . No nice fabrics and textures like babies love.Also , the ties were too short to fit on our crib . I have the Jardine Madison Lifetime Crib and I can not tie the bumper on without tying KNOTS instead of bows . It takes me 20 minutes to get the bumper off every time I need to change her sheets . -LRB- Because the mattress fits so snugly in the crib , you must remove the bumper to get the sheet off ! -RRB- The fitted sheet , as I reviewed in another section , has been washed four times on delicate , dried on low heat and it has many holes , some of them large , all over it . The elastic is coming unthreaded and falling off . The sheet is thin , coarse and I 'm sure has a very low thread-count . NOT something I want for my daughter 's baby-soft skin.I did n't expect to pay almost $ 200 for bedding that would fall apart this easily . If I wanted to throw away $ 200 , I would have chosen another way!Let 's see , I can go on . The crib skirt does n't fit my crib well . It 's not evenly sized so one side is longer than the other . I do n't have an odd-sized crib . It 's completely standard . It 's the bedding that 's faulty . The skirt never hangs nicely . It crinkles up and just looks cheap.The valance is cheap and see-through . Once again , because it 's so cheap , it hangs funny and just looks horrible on the window . I 'll be taking it down very shortly as it 's embarrassing to have people come over and look at her nursery with such cheap-looking bedding in it.I wanted my daughter 's nursery to be a beautiful place for her to grow and learn . This bedding has ruined that picture in my mind and I 'll be replacing it very soon with nicer , more expensive bedding that is NOT considered `` economy '' bedding.I recommend you save your money and buy something you 've actually seen and felt IN PERSON . Lambs & Ivy stuff is way too expensive for bedding that will be an embarrassment to you , your baby and anyone who looks at your nursery ! Go with more expensive bedding that wo n't fall apart after only four washings !
 I was so excited to receive the entire Secret Garden collection for my new daughter 's nursery . The pictures online looked great . That should have been my first clue . I could never find a seller here in town who stocked Lambs & Ivy stuff . Now I know why.This sheet is only part of the problem . I 've washed it four times on delicate . It 's always been dried on low heat . I never would have imagined a fitted crib sheet falling apart this easily ! After only FOUR washings , it 's ready for the trash.It has numerous holes it it , some rather large . The elastic is coming unthreaded and falling apart . It 's just too expensive for such a cheap product . I 'd much rather pay three times the price of this for something that is actually nice and has good wear.On the upside , the colors have n't faded yet . Although , I guess they should n't after only four washings ! It is a cute pattern and my daughter loves the little butterflies . This is the only reason I gave it two stars.I say save your money and buy something more expensive that is not considered ECONOMY crib bedding . Economy is not a good buy when that money goes straight in the trash with the bedding !
 I liked the idea of this product , but it did n't do anything for our daughter .
 I have serious concerns about a product that shows a child sleeping on their belly weighted down with a bean bag . First the bean bag itself could present a risk as it keeps the child from being able to clear his head . Secondly , one of the reasons babies are at risk of SIDS while on their bellies is because they sleep more soundly . If this increases the depth of their sleep then you are putting them farther at risk . I am shocked that this product is allowed on the market though I expect there is probably a disclaimer that says not to allow your baby to sleep on her belly while using it .
 These blankets are Ok unless you want to use them to swaddle a baby - which was what I thought `` receiving blankets '' were supposed to be used for .
 My biggest complaint about these blankets it that with rounded corners , they are too small for swaddling , which is what we primarily needed them for . By comparison , the Wamsutta blankets , which are supposed to be the same dimensions , are much more suitable for swaddling .
 The main purpose for the receiving blanket is to swaddle infants to soothe and comfort them when it is time to sleep . We had a larger baby -LRB- 9lb 6oz -RRB- but by no means abnormally large . These receiving blankets measure about 28 `` x28 '' after washing and are too small to keep a larger baby swaddled
 We bought the take and toss 5 pack with straws . You get what you pay for . Three of the cups were stuck together ridiculously tight . After trying all manner of comical efforts to separate the cups we resorted to channel lock pliers . We managed to salvage three out of the five cups .
 The Take & Toss cups are generally good and we like them . But this 5-pack is bad for a few reasons . First , the colored cups make it impossible to know what 's in the cup
 I love the regular take and toss cups , so I was excited when I saw these . I got the boy color four pack for my 2 year old son and at the first usage I realized that these were a bad idea ! He can pull the straw out and then the liquid comes out , what is tee point of having a removable straw !? I 'm going to try the straw cups with the twisty top instead , do n't waste money on these ... cheap as they may be !
 These cups are useless . If your toddler needs a straw cup to prevent messy drinking , he or she is likely to throw it to the ground , at which time the lid pops off and beverage goes all over the floor , or turn it upside down , so the beverage spills all over your kid , or just take the lid off , which is easy to do , and -- you guessed it -- the beverage spills everywhere . Even for just drinking water , these are useless . I 'm going to buy more of the Playtex Twist and Click straw cups . Those lids stay on , and they have some mechanism in the straw to prevent all the liquid from pouring out if the cup is turned upside down .
 I received red , white , and blue sippers instead of the ones that are shown . I also bought bowls and plates in the pictured colors . I was disappointed needless to say !
 I chose these blankets for the very cute pattern assortment to make a cover for my changing table pad . When I openned the package at home I discovered that while they are supposed to be 30 `` x30 '' they are really smaller than that . Too small to use for my intended purpose . I have not washed them yet so I do n't know if they shrink or how they hold up . They seem a little thinner than other receiving blankets that I have used with my 3 older children.Here I am 1 year later . The blankets have held up in the wash very well and become softer with each washing . Although I did not use them for swaddling , I used a similar set of flannel blankets . The thinness that I complained about actually is a benefit when you are swaddling a baby in hotter weather . A too thick blanket leaves you with a hot and sweaty baby . I did n't swaddle my older kids -LRB- it was n't in vogue 12 years ago -RRB- , so I did n't know . The only way we got this one to sleep was to swaddle him very tightly .
 The sack is an essential for babies and I love everything about this product except the inverted zipper . They break easily . I have two Halo sleep sacks , both with broken zippers . Buy a sack instead of a blanket ! Just not this one ...
 Both my kids wore Halo Sleepsacks and they worked fine until my 22 month old figured out how to unzip it . I think there is a design flaw that the sleepsacks should have a covered zipper and/or a clasp to prevent a curious toddler from unzipping it.I reported to HALO and SaferProducts.gov a safety incident while my 22 month old was wearing the HALO SleepSack Micro-Fleece Wearable Blanket Size Extra Large . I woke up at 4am because for some reason I felt the need to check on my sleeping toddler . I found him asleep in his crib and tangled in his sleepsack . He had managed to unzip his sleepsack and was lying face down with his head tightly stuck inside the bottom of the sack that is normally over his feet and the rest of his body tangled in the sack opening . I was alarmed that he could have suffocated and was thankful that he was sleeping fine.Due to this incident , I will no longer dress my son in sleepsacks which is unfortunate since both my kids wore HALO SleepSacks while they slept in cribs . I shared this feedback on Facebook and with my mom friends so that the scary incident I experienced can be prevented .
 The Sleepsack is a great idea for babies - keeps them warm with their arms free and no blanket to kick over their heads , but the zipper on this brand is just awful . Unfortunately Halo seems to be sold everywhere - we ended up with 3 of these in different weights and sizes and the zippers on all of them are cheap and hard to zip up . Trying to get this on a sleepy baby is next to impossible because you end up wrestling with the zipper and waking the baby every time . I thought it was maybe just a fluke bad zipper with the first one we tried out , but all 3 of our sleep sacks have the same problem .
 I bought several of these sleep sacks in different sizes before my son was born in an effort to keep him safe from wayward blankets in his crib . What I found was that the sleepsack bunched up around his face considerably when he slept on his back , covering his mouth and nose . I tried various sizes on him , both when he was a newborn and then again when he was around 3 months old thinking maybe it was the fit , but over the course of the night , with him squirming , the sack inevitably would ride up and cover his face . Needless to say my husband and I agreed not to use them at all . Its too bad I already opened all the packages trying to figure it out .
 We keep our house pretty cold at night in the winter , and I always worry that my son 's arms will get cold . I found Carter 's sleeping bag outfits with long sleeves to be much more useful . They are the same basic ideas as the Halo , but they have long sleeves and the zipper zips up instead of down . I use the Halo with terry or fleece pajamas and/or with a long-sleeved bodysuit , but then my son 's trunk tends to get too warm , aggravating a rash on his chest and belly . Now that he sleeps on his tummy much of the time -LRB- once they start turning over there 's nothing we can do about it ! -RRB- , the rash is a real problem .
 I will admit , I am spoiled on 2-day prime shipping , so when I have to wait 5-10 days it is a little bit of a bummer . However , I ordered this item on NOVEMBER 28th 2011 and received it JANUARY 10th 2012 . This is ridiculous . I would recommend purchasing this item from another source ... if you want it before your child outgrows it , that is .
 I ordered this item over a month ago ... . I am still waiting for it !!! I know once I receive the product , we will love it , I have had them before , but I have never had anything take this long !!!
 We received this sleep sack and within a day the zip was broke . We are n't happy with the quality of the product and we would n't buy again .
 It is important to note , that nothing can prevent sudden infant death . This is a good invention to remove blankets altogether , but I would recommend one made of 100 % cotton rather than fleece .
 This is a great product , but the zipper is frustratingly a failure . It constantly fails to catch and comes apart in the night .
 I like that this garment is flame resistant , that it is spacious and sleeveless , but that 's about it . The fabric has an unpleasant feel and the zipper began to break after only one use . It continually splits from the wrong end , so every time the baby wakes up , she 's come out of it . I regret this purchase .
 Let me start off by saying I love HALO sleep sacks have used them for a year now with my son . I have nothing against this actual product but more so with how it arrived.I find it difficult to believe that this product was new . The plastic wrapping was broken in places with tape keeping it closed . The sleep sack itself had a leaf , yes a leaf , on it within the packing . For the price of this item I expect that I am getting a brand new item not one that has already been opened . I do n't feel the hassle of returning it and ordering another would really be worthwhile so I threw the item in the wash and will use it once it 's dry.So in a nutshell , like the product wish I received one that had n't previously been opened previously .
 I recently got this and it had a very strong mothball smell . Washed it twice , soaked it in oxyclean and still could n't get the odor out . Returned it .
 My LO hates his sleep sack . The arm holes are extremely tight on him and he fights me each time I tried to use it -LRB- I stopped -RRB- . The couple nights we put him in this he did n't sleep well at all . If your baby has &#34; chunky &#34; arms at all , I do not recommend buying it . It did keep him warm , but again he did n't like it .
 If you 're planning to buy this item to drown out other noises in the house , do n't waste your money . When you turn the volume up all the way , it 's still very quiet . It will not work for my daughter 's room so we sent it back .
 This product has basically no volume . It can not drown out even the softest of sounds . All of the bird sounds come across as really fake . You can only combine the left side sounds with the right side sounds . So unless you are going to mix in a fake bird sound , you are not going to get the sound you desire . We toyed with ours for less than a minute , boxed it back up and got online to request the return . Try conair . A much better product .
 ... but for adults that are light sleepers , its no good . I work nights , and I need to be able to block out the noise of traffic while I sleep . This sound machine came today before I went to bed , so I plugged it in & tried it out . With this machine on its loudest setting , 2 fans on in the room -LRB- for additional ` white noise ' -RRB- and my windows closed & covered with heavy blankets , I could still hear and get woken up by the sporadic traffic outside my house . We are not talking car alarms , horns , & people shouting , here . People drive by at about 40mph and that is what wakes me up.The only time of year I sleep well is during the summer , because so far the only thing I 've found thats loud enough to block out the cars is our old , loud , ineffecient air conditioner.PROS : ~ The ` combine ' feature is neat , though I wish you could combine any two instead of just 1 from each category . ~ The rain sound is very soothing , and I did n't notice any blatant pattern in it . I combined it with the thunder sound , which was cool.CONS : ~ Not loud enough to block traffic noise . ~ The secondary sounds
 I purchased a DEX sound sleeper a few years ago for my son and we loved it . I now have a daughter , so I wanted another one . Come to find out they changed the design and it no longer runs on battery power , you have to plug it in , which is n't very helpful when you lose power for a number of days or when traveling . I am very disappointed and I think it was a bad decision to change that feature .
 This is the 2nd time I have bought this product . I love the ocean sound it makes , it 's size and that you can do a timer or just let it run . I thought the 1st one was defective -LRB- it was a gift -RRB- and loved it enough to re-buy it again . Literally the second night I used it a periodic strange screeching noise would come and go -LRB- which is what the previous one did as well -RRB- . It wakes you up with a start and is very very annoying ! I am returning this one and just bought the Conair Infant SU7 , which got great reviews -LRB- here and on target.com -RRB- . I hope that it is as good as they say ...
 I bought this before my daughter was born thinking that the `` heartbeat '' sound would be soothing for her . I liked this better than the teddy bears with the heartbeat sound because it also had other soothing sounds that my husband and I might enjoy as well.I hated every sound it made . The heartbeat was loud and annoying . All the other `` natural '' sounds seemed very unnatural and mechanical . My baby slept much better when I stopped using this . If you want nature sounds , I suggest you invest something other than this product.We now use an old clock radio tuned to AM static and it works better than anything else .
 I have two problems with this machine :1 -RRB- There is no `` white noise '' setting . Only waves , brook , wind , womb , etc. 2 -RRB- The machine is not loud enough at the highest volume setting . The guidelines I 've seen is that the white noise should be about as loud as a typical vacuum cleaner . This thing does n't come close to being that loud .
 I ignored the fact that many of the reviewers said that this noise machine does not get loud enough because many of the other reviewers contested that . I now kick myself everytime I put my baby to bed . If you want a soothing sound for your non-crying baby or child to listen to as they fall asleep , this might be for you . If you want a white noise machine that will block out the sounds of the household , or one that your baby can hear over his or her crying , DO NOT buy this one . It does not get loud enough !!! The other flaw to this product is the volume control . There are two buttons to control the volume -LRB- up and down -RRB- , but there is no visual indicator of where in the range of volume you are . It is difficult to tell , when pressing the volume button , that the volume is changing at all , so I ca n't tell when I have turned it all the way up . This would n't matter too much , except that the volume resets to the middle everytime you turn the machine off . This is very irritating . When I am trying to get my baby to sleep , the last thing I want to do is mess with a difficult volume control!This seemed like a great product by the description , but it is really quite flawed .
 I assumed a `` white noise '' type of machine would have a true white noise setting . Not the case . This one only has womb and nature sounds . Do they really think that `` seagull '' and `` buoy '' settings are good sleeping sounds for children ?
 I am actually really mad that I wasted money on this item . We have been running a CD player with rain sounds in our son 's nursery for months now . We were getting worried that the CD player might just die , so we thought this white noise machine would do . I was worried about the volume when I ordered it , but other reviews made me think it would be loud enough . NOT TRUE . This thing wo n't block out ANY NOISE . The puny little speaker is just not big enough . We 'll just buy another CD player I guess . The rain sound is also very disappointing and just sounds like crackling sounds . Extremely disappointed .
 the sounds are good on this but issue is not loud enough unless your right on top of the thing . we returned it didnt do what we neede it to do
 I bought this to replace a white noise app on my iPhone . My expectation was that this would be at least as loud as the little 1 mm built-in speaker on the iPhone . Other reviewers remarked that it was `` plenty loud '' . It is , in fact , not loud at all . Here are the numbers to prove it -LRB- measured with a RadioShack Sound Level Meter at a distance of 12 inches from the sound source -RRB- . iPhone -LRB- 100 % volume , Rain -RRB-
 My only real problem with this product is that it will periodically , about every 20 min , make a thud sound that is so loud it wakes me up . Useless for a sleep aid because of this . I 've read another review where it complained about a `` screeching '' sound . What is the point of making a noise maker for sleep if it 's going to wake you up every 20 min ? Do no buy .
 We have the Dex and the Homedics sound machines . The Homedics is in my daughters bedroom , we bought tbe Dex for our bedroom . I liked the variety of sounds that came on the Dex . However , the sound quality on the Dex is pretty terrible . The speaker makes this crackling sound when you use some of the sound combinations . On ours , the night crickets and rain especially sound awful . The brook and the wind sound fine , as does the ocean . But on the Homedics , all of the sounds are nice and clear . Both products are the same amount , I would go with the Homedics as it sounds a lot better .
 While I wo n't tell you what to do in regards to this product , there are a few things to know before you decide if you should purchase it.Pros -1 . The Dex Sound Sleeper allows you to blend sounds . That 's nice if you want to mix the ocean with seagulls or the thunder and rain etc. . It gives many more sound options . That 's really a great feature .2 . The size is nice . Not too big , not too small.Cons -1 . It truly DOES NOT get loud enough . I used it in my bedroom for the baby and it was n't nearly as loud as it needed to be . I had it cranked up as loud as it could go and it still was n't loud enough ... even in our average/below average sized room . I do n't want it to be deafening , but it should provide a consistent noise level as to drown out other sounds . It was incapable of doing that .2 . -LRB- and perhaps most annoying -RRB- Whenever you turn on the sound machine , you will have to reselect your sound AND turn up the volume . For some unknown reason , it defaults to the lowest volume setting of the same sound . Imagine if you turned on your TV and it always went to channel 3 and was on mute . I should not have to reset the machine every time I use it ! Why would they program the machine to do that ? 3 . Some of the sounds are n't great . I used Brook and found that the sound cycle was VERY short , it also had some strange click at the end of the cycle . Also , there was one additional sound in Brook that was so strange I never identified it . The first night it happened , I thought the baby or my husband was breathing funny . Nope , it was some bizarre sound coming from the machine . Rain sounds very mechanical too . Thunder is good though.Needless to say , mine is being returned . Sorry I ca n't rec . something better . I have a sound machine that was handed down to me and is over 16 y/o . It still works great and I wish I could get another as the one I have is already being used in the house . Sadly , it is no longer manufactured . It just goes to show you , they really do n't make things the way they used to .
 It 's easy to use , but my main complaint with this item is that the volume is simply not loud enough for me . I have had many noise machines over the years , and have never encountered one with such weak top volume . If you can place it directly by your head on a bed-side stand , it might be acceptable . But it simply does n't produce enough volume to fill a room or mask many noises . Disappointing.For something in this price range , but with much greater volume , I would recommend the HoMedics SS-2000 instead : HoMedics SS-2000 Sound Spa Relaxation Sound Machine with 6 Nature Sounds , SilverIt 's smaller , louder , AND cheaper .
 I received this for my baby shower recently and just set it up in the baby 's room . I was very excited to receive this because it seems like something that would lull baby to sleep , creating calming white noise . The sound options are nice , but even on the loudest setting it is BARELY audible . The room must be silent and you must be sitting very close to it in order to hear anything . I would love this item if you could actually hear it , but unfortunately you ca n't . I 'm going to bring it back and explore other options .
 We purchased this sound machine to use with our new baby . After just 6 weeks of use the machine started to make a strange electronic buzzing sound -LRB- not soothing at all -RRB- , and then after 7 weeks started to turn off by itself immediately after we would turn it on . I wish I would have kept the box and the paperwork - I would have been nice to return it for a refund instead of throwing our twenty-some dollars into the garbage !
 First child , very colicky ! We tried everything to soothe our daughter to sleep , and knew white noise calmed her . I found this machine , read some of the good reviews and thought for $ 20 , I 'd give it a try.The sounds of ocean , rain and brook were really only the good sounds ... and the machine worked great for about a week , but then would shut off after about 5 seconds every time since . Having suffered 8 weeks of sleepless nights , this machine gave me a short window of rest and hope , only to yank the rug out from under me again . Though our daughter now sleeps mostly through the night , I still try the machine every night in the hopes it will just WORK ...
 I completely agree with the other reviewer who had trouble because I had exactly the same problem . This item worked great for a few weeks , the baby loved it ! Unfortunately it started shutting off after only moments of use and everytime I turned it back on I had to turn the volume back up . There is definitely a manufacturing problem since I 'm not the only one to have this problem . The idea is great and if it worked the way it did in the beginning , I would highly recommend it .
 This unit lacks sufficient volume to be effective . The idea is to mask other noise , but you 'd have to rubberband this machine to your head to mask anything . We got the Conair instead , and it does the job .
 The sound sleeper does n't play soothing sounds . All the sounds almost sound alike . The sounds are awful , not much like the real thing - not clear sounds . To me it sounds like a bunch of static on most of them . Listen to it in the store before you buy it if you can . Definitely not worth $ 20 !
 My daughter loves white noise - running water , vacuum , etc - so I thought this would be a nice alternative to sitting in the bathroom with the shower on . Unfortunately , you can barely hear any of the noises on this machine , even when you sit right next to it . I sent it back right away . It is useless . How is it supposed to calm a crying baby when the baby ca n't hear it over her cries , or even over the cat 's meow ?
 Product did n't work at all would turn off after 10 seconds . And had a none removable cord attached to it that is not mentioned or pictured in the product description . And when I went to return it the company said I had to pay for shipping and restocking . Ok it would have cost $ 12.00 to send it back and the product was only 19.00 not worth my time and trouble . Once restocked I would have been paying more . It 's a lose lose situation .
 This machine was a disappointment . I got it for my sons ' room . They like the ocean sound and it seems to be adequate for them . I find that the volume is wimpy . Every time you turn it on , you have to pump a button to bring the volume up to the max which is only medium in my opinion . It only maintains the type of sound , not the volume . You also have to be carfeul turning it on to not push it all the way to the timed setting . This will turn it off after a period of time . The first setting on the on/off switch will leave it on until you turn it off , but my sons can not turn it on carefully enough to avoid that second timed setting . It has not stopped working after well over a year , but I still do n't like it very much . I need another one for another room and I will be looking for something else .
 I bought this hoping it would help my newborn calm down or sleep the same way a hair dryer or vacuum cleaner work so well . This thing does n't have a white noise sound but I thought maybe the Womb sound might work . However the volume was not even close to loud enough to compare to a hair dryer . It 's just become a toy for my older child who likes to play with the other sounds .
 This product was great for the first six weeks I had it but now it does n't work ... so I think either I have a defective one or they need to work some bugs out .
 This sound machine is not loud enough for one.Each time you turn it on , it is back at lowest level , so you have to push the button several times before it is back at the level you had previously . No way to tell what volume level you are at anyway.Has a silly `` demo mode '' button on back that is too easy to push on and sound only plays for a handful of seconds . Imagine doing all of this with a newborn baby in your arms .
 Item worked for 30 seconds then stopped working . Looked like it had been used previously . Waste of money , very disappointed with this item
 This item was great for about 60 days . Did everything I expected out of it . The baby liked it so I was happy . Then it would only turn on for about 5 seconds and shut off . The return on this was easy , got a new one in 2 days . We 'll see how long this one lasts .
 I owned TWO of these , thinking that my first purchase was just a flook when it stared shorting out . But the 2nd one did the same , and when I looked at one at a consignment store , it did the same thing , the buttons start shorting out and them rendering it useless . The other big caveat is that volume wise , there is very little decibels , which was n't so much an issue with one child , but as we needed it to disguise other noises of more kids , it was completely ineffective . I would not recommend this product .
 I would normally not write a review but I want to offer other buyers the chance to buy a more expensive , louder & better white noise machine . I bought this after reading reviews that it was pretty quiet . I thought the cheapest would work since it 's for my baby 's room & I did n't think the volume would be much of an issue . But this machine is VERY quiet . You really need to be able to amp up the volume a lot more and it needs a better , fuller sound.After using it for a month , it broke . It wo n't stay on for more than one minute.I would urge you to spend the extra $ 20 and buy a better product . In the end , you 'll be happier .
 Sounds are good , but the volume does not get loud enough to drown out any background noise . I ended up getting a SleepMate because all I wanted was loud white noise .
 I received this for my baby shower and it 's not worth it . If I would have been given the receipt , I would have returned it . The sounds could be better and the worse part is that it does n't seem to get very loud even when the volume is turned all the way up . The other brand seems to have more features for the same price and I read no complaints about the volume .
 This is an update to the review written in september 2003 . I am the original writer of that review in which I stated this was a good product . It was at first !!!! My son loved the sounds this product had and so did I . It offered so much variety . Well that all changed when the product stopped working correctly . It seemed to be stuck in demo mode.It would play for 30 seconds and shut off.We thought maybe the batteries needed to be replaced so we changed them . Did n't work ! We connected the adapter . Did n't work ! We also fiddled with the switch to try to be sure it was in regular mode and not demo.Still not working for more than 30 seconds at a time . This would be a great product for everyone if it would work correctly . Maybe we just got a bad one ! Be aware though that this may happen again !
 I always read the reviews before I purchase an item and these reviews were pretty good besides the reviews on the volume . I thought twice about ordering it , but read a review that said the volume was absolutely fine and it was NOT an issue so I bought it ... BIG MISTAKE ! I have a 15 month old and we have hardwood floors so you can really hear everything in her room . This machine is useless ... it 's so quiet you can BARELY hear that it is even on !?! The volume have an `` up '' button and a `` down '' button and I continuously pressed the `` down '' button waiting for the volume to increase , but it was no use . This was a definite fail and I will be returning it .
 I have had many sound machines and ca n't sleep without one ... I got this for my infant and could n't have been more disappointed - the sounds are digital and repeat in an awkward way that is noticeable and annoying if you are trying to fall asleep -LRB- I 've tried to use it for myself at times and have been in with her often obviously ! -RRB- - it makes it harder to fall asleep ! I would n't recommend this product .
 I purchased this item and was very disappointed with its performance . The white noise sounds are not very loud . The secondary sounds include sea gulls , buoys , and thunder . These sounds are not calming as a sound sleeper product title suggests . Complete waste of money .
 I had it about a week when loud crackling noises started sputtering from the speaker . This was to help my newborn sleep . Waste of money .
 This is a terrible sound machine . It 's far too quiet to mask any household noises . It 's so quiet that I have to lie perfectly still in order to even be able to tell that it 's on . No exaggeration -- The highest volume setting is quiet as a whisper . It 's an absolute waste of money .
 We purchased this while expecting my first child , and as soon as it arrived I knew that we would not be satisfied with the product . Once you set it for what you want , you have to reset it every time you turn it back on . The volume lowers to almost inaudible , and it does not resort back to the last setting . My son sleeps with the rain sound , so EVERY time I turn it on I have to set it to rain and turn the volume all the way up to even come close to drowning out noises outside his room . This may not seem significant , but considering every time he goes down for a nap , or for the night , it adds up . We have the tranquil moments sound machine in our room from Brookstone and we will be spending the extra money and purchasing the baby version of this for our next child that we are currently expecting .
 Unit has a good selection of features , but the logic on my unit failed within a week , and could not be resurected -LRB- no cause I can guess at either -RRB- . And the way the unit is built , it can not -LRB- or would be very hard -RRB- to take apart to poke at the guts and check for anything loose . So it gets a `` 1 '' .
 Very poor sound quality . Very artificial sounds . Volume does not go very loud .
 Another update - 1/23/2013 . We 've now lost 3 tracks to horrible screeching and/or crackling sounds so I knocked another star off . Again.I originally posted 5 stars for this sound machine but I 've changed my mind . We 've been using it for just 4 months . It was great in the beginning but a couple of weeks ago the sound we were using started to make screeching noises in the middle of the night . We switched to another sound and it stopped but we ca n't use our favorite anymore . Hopefully , just the one digital track is damaged .
 The unit I got was useless . Its volume would not go above a whisper , even when I upped the volume control to the max . I attibute this to a defect in the unit . From the variation of reviews here , it seems some of these things are fine volume-wise , while others , like mine , are unusable . If this is the case , it 's a toss of the dice whether the one you get will work . I now have to go to the hassle of sending mine back . And by the way , it looks as if it was used before and then repacked . I `` m sorry but I ca n't recommend a substitute . I 've got to go back to square one in my research for an economical but effective noise generator .
 This product requires that each time it is used that the desired sound and volume must be set . It does not remember your previous selections . There are better choices for those that want to use it nightly and do not want to have to set the volume and sound each night .
 This was way too quiet , even on it 's loudest setting . My infant did n't benefit from it at all . The sounds are fine , and not too repetative as with some machines , but even in a small room -LRB- really small -RRB- I found it too quiet to be effective .
 When we could n't find one that would work to demonstrate for us in the store we should have just left it there . Not one of the boxes on the shelf at our local store would play the demonstration although each box was marked for it . This worked well for us for all of 2 nights before it quit working . If I put it on `` continuous '' it would cut off after 30 minutes or so , and then start playing again on it 's own . Sometimes I could not even get it to turn on and then miraculously it would come on the next 3 times I tried then go back to not turning on with the switch . Save your money on this one and go somewhere else to purchase a sound machine that will actually work .
 The idea is there ... BUT the sounds just sound so fake ! I tried to sleep to this last night and i wanted to throw it out the window . I do n't expect my infant to like it . Horrible noises . The volume goes pretty loud for a quiet infants room , but when you turn it up the horrible fake noises sound even worse ! This is going back tomorrow . I guess i will continue my search !
 Evidently the description of this product needs updating . It will not work on batteries . The instructions with the machine state `` The demo mode and batteries are intended for display and shipping purposes only . '' I 've tried several times and have not been able to get it to work with batteries . Guess this is one reason the settings will not hold when you turn it off . Have to set your preferences and volume each time you turn it on . Probably would not have purchased if I had known this .
 Having previously purchased a sound maker -LRB- which is no longer sold -RRB- for our 2 1/2 year old son , I was eager to purchase a similar sound machine for our newborn . I am very disappointed in this product . While it has many sound choices and options , it is barly loud enough to be heard across the room . I would suggest another product . The sound volume is the entire reason I use the product ... to keep the little darlings sleeping even when the doorbell rings !!!
 Great product except for one major flaw ... it does n't go loud enough to hear ! We have another noise machine that my 3 year old uses , but we took this one on a trip to use in the hotel . She spent more time telling me she could n't hear it and that it was n't on than sleeping ! Hotel room was pretty small and quiet so I can not imagine trying to use this in a house with normal noises and having any success ! I love being able to combine the sounds to customize the sound and the option to leave it on all the time or by a timer , but if she ca n't hear it it wont work .
 Works great for a year . Our family is addicted to sound machines . There is one in every room . I have 2 homedics that have lasted for more than 5 years . Bought a Dex for the new baby who is now 16 months . The Dex just bit the dust . The homedics are still going strong even though they are dusty and old .
 We owned a Brookstone noisemaker for several years . It broke and we looked to replace it . This noisemaker makes the same noises as our old noisemaker but it is very quiet . It is not effective in cancelling out distracting noises . I am going to try something else .
 I was disappointed with the product . First it does n't have white noise and its not very loud at all . If you are buying to help block out other noise for your baby to sleep I would not recommend this . If its for an older child to have some smoothing sounds to sleep with than its fine .
 I was very disappointed with this sound machine and ended up exchanging it for the Marpac sound conditioner for my infant 's room and my toddler 's room in order to drown out each other 's nightly disturbances . The DEX does have a lot of selections , but my husband and I thought only 3 of them were soothing -- the white noise , the ocean and the wind . But the volume of the ocean sound was not constant and we thought it might actually wake our baby instead of drowning out household noises . The sound of the gulls , thunderstorm and some of the others were just plain annoying , not soothing at all . We tried combining some of the sounds , as it suggests , but it would just switch turns with two different sounds rather than playing them both simultaneously . Also , it 's not loud enough and this is ultimately why we returned it . We are very satisfied with the Marpac , which sounds like a mixture between white noise and a fan blowing .
 I purchased this item and was very disappointed in the volume control . Turned up to the highest possible volume , it was way too soft . Even having it placed right next to my head on the pillow , it was not loud enough . I returned it .
 At first it worked fine , did a great job . Then after ~ 3 weeks , the sound started to go to static and cut in and out . One week later it was completely non-functional . We used a voltage meter to check if the motherboard was dead -LRB- maybe we could still run it from batteries ? -RRB- and discovered that this device needed a 9 volt transformer . We got a 12 volt transformer in the box , which of course fried the electronics in short order.Not our mistake , but we are left with a useless piece of plastic . Great .
 This machine does not go loud enough and sucks batteries . Also , this machine does not have a white noise button , and it was advertised as having white noise . We bought this one and a Homedics soundspa because we know some babies like different sounds and we know that different machines make different sounds . Our little one prefers the white noise sound and the Homedics SoundSpa . This machine does have a wind noise that sounds similar , so we took it to the babysitter 's and we let her use it there since he 's not there often . Do n't waste your money - get the Homedics SoundSpa . Its a little more expensive , but worth it in the end .
 We have had this for 2 weeks , and though we have not had problems with it , the VOLUME IS WAY TOO LOW . You can hardly hear it on the loudest setting . This is so very disappointing , as we need a machine like this to keep our baby asleep at night . The only sound that does n't hiss on the loudest setting is the WIND , so that is what we have been using . I wish I had spent my money on a better product .
 This is definitely not worth $ 50-at the very most $ 10 . The sound was terribly low and you could hear every move with it on the highest level ! I am very disappointed with this product and would not recommend buying it . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 This machines is way too quite , you can barely hear it at its loudest volumes . It is so bad I think my machine maybe a maulfunction . Either way for the price I would recommend another products .
 I guess I got what I paid for ... not much . Scratchy , static ... The only sound that did n't seem mechanical was the brook . Even that started making weird noises after 10 minutes . Spend more and be pleased with your purchase .
 I bought this so my 7 month old with bionic ears would sleep better during the day . We have 4 kids ages 7 mo , 3 , 5 and 7 and a dog that barks whenever the doorbell rings or someone bumps/knocks on a wall/door . We were using the sound machine app on our phone , but we need to use our phones when the baby is sleeping , so we decided to buy a dedicated sound machine . The baby 's crib is right on the other side of the dining room door where we sit for meals and home school.I almost did n't buy this one because of ANOTHER review that said to NOT worry about OTHER reviews saying that this sound machine was too quiet . They said it was plenty loud . We plugged this in and turned it up as loud as it would go , but I can still hear everything going on outside the door -LRB- and so can baby -RRB- . When I used my phone , I would turn the volume up to about 70 % . The loudest setting on this machine is the equivalent of about 30 % on my phone 's volume settings -LRB- I have an Droid HTC Eris by the way -RRB- . We would have to put the sound machine -LRB- cord and all -RRB- INSIDE the baby 's crib right next to his head in order for him not to hear the smallest sounds coming from the other side of the door . But that is so very unsafe for a 7 month old who grabs everything so we ca n't use this machine for the baby . This machine would probably work for someone who has one or no children in a VERY quiet enironment.As for adults wanting to use this to fall asleep , night time when everything is quiet would probably be fine . But we want one to block out sounds so we can nap on Sundays or when we 're sick without hearing every argument going on around the house.We bought the Conair SU1W about 5 years ago and it WAS plenty loud , decent sound , easy to use . It lasted about 4 years -LRB- the cord shorted out with tons of use -RRB- . We will definitely go back to that one !
 Oh my gosh , this is by far the worst sound machine I have ever seen . It comes with batteries and so you would think that it would run on batteries but they are only for shipping and the demo mode ... makes no sense to me . the buttons do not wok properly , you have to mash them several times to make the connection .
 If , after reading all of these reviews , you have some doubts about the volume please do n't buy this ! Its extremely quiet . Very very quiet . And I just do n't understand why they would n't give you more flexibility with the volume . Its such an easy thing to put into a unit . There are about four volume settings on this . The highest is just extremely weak.I just had to return mine . I wanted it to work so badly ; but the volume problem is unavoidable .
 I used it for baby 's naptime and nighttime , and it was working good . I did n't use all sorts of sounds , just rain sound worked fine . After using for two weeks it suddenly stopped making sound . It was operated as instructed in users manual , not in demo mode , and I used plug in , not batteries . So I contacted the company by email . The receptionist responded asking what happened and I described exactly what happened . After about a month , no response , so I inquired the status . The receptionist answered that they are processing request and replacement parts would be shipped to me . So I waited . Still no parts after four months . I could have returned it to amazon before the return window closed . I am very disappointed .
 I liked this when it worked . Unfortunately it stopped working after a month . It will make sound for a second and then switch off . Unfortunate since I did like the noise it made .
 I got this as a white noise machine for my baby . We used the Conair Infant Sound Machine - SU7 and clock radio for our older child and were happy with it , but she still uses it at age 3 . -LRB- I would recommend that over this - in addition to working better as a sound machine , it is cheaper and has more features -RRB- . Here are the main problems with this device : - it 's WAY too quiet and it seems like the womb sounds are the quietest of all - it does n't `` remember '' the last volume setting it was at and always starts at the quietest setting when turned on - the volume controls are annoying - just two buttons for up and down so you do n't really know whether you are at the loudest setting -LRB- which you will want to be if you want it to have any effect at all -RRB- , so you find yourself repeatedly pushing the up button just to make sure - the sound combos so highly featured are not as great as they sound - there are only 4 sounds that you can combine with the others -LRB- and those 4 you would never use on their own -RRB- , you ca n't just combine any 2 of the 10 sound options , like I had hoped.Other comments : - I personally find the timer feature annoying because it is easy to accidentally switch it to this and the noise will go off after 1 hour , waking the baby . - Some of the sounds are in fact very soothing -LRB- just too quiet ! -RRB-
 I like the variations of sounds and that you can combine them . Most , however , have , as someone else said , distractingly short loops . I actually like `` Rain , '' but many others keep me up at night through his monitor . My son would play with it for an hour if I let him . But it is very quiet and not good for covering other noises , which is kind of the purpose as far as we 're concerned . Also , the volume control buttons are annoying slow to adjust .
 This item broke after about a week of use . Before it stopped working , we were n't happy with the volume and a number of other items . I DO NOT recommend !
 Nice form factor and good sounds , only it could not get very loud . We returned it and bought the Conair SU1W Sound Therapy , which we are very happy with .
 I like the sounds this product makes . I just wish it went louder . We use these in our younger two children 's rooms . We use it so we do n't have to tip toe throughout the rest of the house when they are asleep . However , they are not loud enough to drown out our sounds . Our son is a heavy sleeper so it 's fine for him , but our daughter is a light sleeper and this is not loud enough for her room .
 I bought the sound sleeper because I had been running a humidifier in my girls ' room for 3 months so that they would not wake eachother up at night , and also so that my baby could nap in a noisy house without being disturbed . I wanted to replace the humidifier with a noise machine , but did not want to pay an arm and a leg for it . The Sound Sleeper did have a decent variety of sounds , although not the white noise I was hoping for . Using the wind setting that my older daughter said was the only one she liked , I was hoping would give ample background noise for the room . The Sound Sleeper could be turned loud enough but at the maximum volume -LRB- which I found necessary -RRB- , the noise distorted to an extend that I found it extremely distracting just to be able to hear it through my baby monitor . My baby did not sleep well the night that I used it and the next day I went back to the humidifier . The only reason I did not return it was , frankly , laziness . That was my experience .
 The AC adaptor and sound selections are great , but the sound is way too low , even on the highest level . I foolishly bought this , knowing that others thought it was too low ... but it really is SO LOW you ca n't hear it 4 feet away . Turned out to be a 20 buck paperweight for me .
 I bought this yesterday to replace a noise machine I have that uses just batteries . I used this one for a night but am returning it today . It does n't get nearly loud enough to block out any noise . I would prefer to just keep buying batteries so the machine is loud enough rather than use this one that does n't block any sound . Not sure why you would need so many choices in sounds either . That just seems to be an extra for no reason . My baby uses one sound -LRB- ocean -RRB- and I do n't think would benefit from switching that with other noises . The only benefit to this machine is that you can plug it in . That 's not good enough to use it though .
 I just bought this today for myself and tried to take a nap with it . The volume was fine on mine but the most soothing sound for me -LRB- the rain -RRB- , was obviously recorded using a water pump . There are a lot little annoying sounds that kept waking me up . It might be somewhat relaxing for settling down but not staying asleep since extra `` random '' sounds come in every couple of seconds with each option .
 Maybe this device is for newborns only , and maybe we waited too late to try it out on our 4 month old . But this thing is not loud enough , and the choices for sound are weak , pathetic attempts at recreating nature . And Thunder ? Why would you include that ? The only reason it did n't scare our baby is because it ca n't get loud enough . I 'm going to return this thing , with a vengeance . I 'll keep looking , but I wonder if there 's nothing better than good ol' static on the AM dial .
 We bought this to replace the other faulty sound machine we had for our daughter . I was excited to get it and was so disappointed when I turned it on . Other reviewers mentioned this but the volume is awful . It is very low at it 's loudest . The other issue is the sound quality . My daughter sleeps with the `` rain '' noise and this rain sound sounds canned and almost like static . It 's awful . The only redeeming quality is that the design is nice . However , design or not , it 's not really functional . I am returning this asap . So disappointed .
 I bought this mainly for the womb sound option , thinking it might help my newborn sleep better . When I turned it on I kept pushing the up volume button over and over trying to turn it up . I quickly realized that the volume just does n't go very loud and was quite disappointed . I have a average to small sized master bedroom and this machine sounded more like a whisper when on the other side of the room . There is no way this machine would drowned out other noises from my very active children in another room . When I put the machine right in the crib with my newborn she seemed to sleep just fine , but even underneath her bassinet it was too quiet . I 'll go back to the cheap Conair that we have in another room , even though the sound loop is only 1 1/2 seconds long , better volume outweighs length of sound loop.I also do n't like that every time you turn off the machine you have to reset which sound you want . Other than these two things the machine seems pretty good . I 'll be sad to not have the womb sound option on my replacement sound machine .
 I give this product 2 stars rather than one because I really did like the selection of sounds and the option to combine them . The unit itself was small and lightweight enough to travel with . However , the sound quality was terrible . I almost wonder if I got a defective product , or if they are really just that bad . The timer/on/off switch made a static noise whenever I moved it , almost like it had a short . The highest volume setting was surprisingly quiet . For a product that is all about making sound , the quality of the sound was pathetic .
 This device does not really operate on battery power . It does have a battery compartment and it seems like it should work under battery power but apparently the battery operation only works when the unit is set to demo mode . Demo mode only plays the sound you select for 10 seconds . I do n't know about anyone else , but my kids take longer than 10 seconds to fall asleep so therefore I consider it inoperable using batteries . Otherwise , unit seems to sound OK .
 This would n't go loud enough to actually drown out noises outside our daughter 's room which was the entire point of getting her a white noise machine . I 'm returning it .
 The volume does n't get loud enough to drown out any outside noise . Also , the sounds fluctuate way to much , going from soft to kind of loud back to soft again . This wo n't keep my daughter asleep if an outside noise -LRB- phone , dog barking , etc. -RRB- happens during the soft cycle . The rain sound is pretty constant , but still not loud enough . I ended up returning the machine and downloading an mp3 of white noise that sounds more like a constant static . I made lots of copies and put them on my iPod and run that in her room now . It works great and I can really crank the volume up if I need to .
 The maximum noise level on this machine is very low . It is not going to block out traffic noises in a city or even furnace noises . I have other Marpac and Connair noise machines in the house that perform much better at covering up other nighttime noises .
 Sucks ... You can hardly hear anything ! The sounds are distorted and it 's just too quiet and well , cheap ! Do n't waste your money ... the HomMedics one is great ... simple and loud !
 I was really excited when I found this . But I was very disappointed when I actually plugged it in . The sound effects sound like you are in a tunnel . Cheap and unrealistic !
 This piece of junk burned up on the second use !! This is a dangerous item to leave plugged in a baby 's room.Should pull them off the market .
 If like me you enjoy the `` rain '' sound , do n't buy this one . It is a distractingly short loop ; bad sound quality . Also arrived broken - volume control would not work .
 The sounds are nice and I like the fact that you can combine sounds , like thunder and rain . Problem is that it 's just way too quiet . If you 're trying to block out other sounds then you want it , but if you just need a little something to soothe you then it 's very nice . It 's fun for playing pretend with the kids too .
 This is a low cost item ... Perhaps made in a third world nation ... Very low volume , had to place it almnost next to my ear to hear it . Power cord would not stay pluged in , big problem . DONT ' T RECOMEND you buy this second rate thing !
 I 've been buying from Amazon about ten years now . I 've spend a LOAD of $ here . And I 've been almost universally pleased with products and service . I 'll admit trying to decipher what some guy in Bombay is saying -LRB- who speaks ` English ' , but not ` American ' -RRB- when I already having wornout hearing is no party , but on the debit/credit assessment I can live with it ... even though he and thousands of his friends are taking jobs needed VERY BADLY right here at home . -LRB- I stopped shopping at Wal-Mart years ago over that one ... hmmm , maybe I need to reconsider . -RRB- What used to be called ` mail order ' buying is critical to me because I 'm disabled . Very disabled . CFS/Fibromyalgia/Scoliotic Arthritis and more . Forgive me . I never do this . We 've all got troubles . It 's just to help you understand why it took me so long to get around to finding out how to return this junk to Amazon . When showering is a challenge , the labor of sending back something they told you would work in the first place is less than inviting . But today I felt good enough to bite the bullet only to find it was me that got bitten.The cut-off for returning this paperweight was last month -LRB- purchased in November -RRB- . Period . Tough guacamole . Any credit for years of business?Ho Ho Ho . And questions like , Did it ever do anything but sit there ? Not interested . Oooooooook.Amazon 's Plan B was talking to Rajiv in Bombay . I think that 's called salt in a wound.Back in November , to make real sure , I had a friend listen to it . Someone 30 years younger with ears that have plenty of tread left on them.She said , ` Hmmm . I think I hear something far , far away . ' The volume was maxed-out . OK . I know . I 'm not being sporting at all about this . So , I 'm disabled and doing anything -LRB- if I remember it , first -RRB- is exhausting and painful . Life 's tough and that 's how the cookie crumbles . I guess it 's the ` No Exceptions ' thing that rubs me raw . And all that business I sent their way . AND a product that was n't just lame . It was INERT . And something like twenty bucks . ouch.That 's enough opera , I suppose . It 's only the lemon YOU get that really makes you pucker.I just would n't buy one if I worked for my money . And you might look at that Return Policy some time . YOU pay the frieght ; purchase price is discounted ... by them . Now I 'll put the violin away .
 The sound itself is fine , but the highest volume setting is still very quiet .
 I returned this product after using it for 1 night in my 2-year old 's room . I agree with the other reviewers who complained about the volume . I had it on the highest volume and I needed it to go up 1 or 2 more notches . If you want something that can block outdoor noises such as loud birds or trash trucks in the morning , or indoor noises such as siblings in the same room , then I do n't recommend purchasing this product . On the plus side , the product is very light , would be easy to travel with , and has a large selection of sounds , if those features are important to you .
 I had read the reviews for this noisemaker , and had heard that somepeople had complained the volume was too soft - however , there seemed to be enough reviews to the contrary to give me the confidence to buy this.I can not stress this enough . This . product . is . barely . audible.On it 's highest volume , it 's practically useless.I will be returning this immediately .
 We bought this for our 16 month old to try to wean her off of the fan we had been using for white noise . However we were very disappointed by the volume of this sound machine . The sounds are great , but it 's simply very quiet and does n't cover up normal household noises outside her bedroom door.I would not recommend this product for this reason alone .
 Pretty simple , this simply is n't loud enough . Not that I want to turn my nursery into a rock concert , but the volume on this simply does n't go very high . We bought this because it was highly rated , now I have to go buy a replacement .
 Wish I listened to other reviews before purchasing . The sound quality is terrible , you can here the tick tick looping of the effects . Broke after 2 days , where only one sound would work . Sent it back and bought a Sound Oasis model for $ 20 more than this one . So much better . My baby slept 3 hours longer than usual the first night . My advice is to spend a bit more for a Sound Oasis model , they are worth it .
 I love having a fan on in the room when I am sleeping , but bringing home a preemie in January meant I had to turn off the fan for a while . So I bought this , and it 's OK . I use it , but I wish I had a different one.My biggest gripe is that I have to constantly set it to the settings I want , each night . I use the same settings every time , the same noise , volume , etc , and yet I have to reset those every night . I wish it would start on the last settings you had . It only takes a couple seconds , but it 's annoying!I use the wind sound for white noise , it works OK.In all , I could have bought a simpler one , but there are so many out there , I finally just picked one . Now that it 's warmer , I 'm going back to the fan !
 I love the concept behind this . My son uses a white noise machine to fall asleep and we wanted one for our baby due next month . I liked what I read about being able to mix sounds . First of all , you can only mix certain sounds together - not whatever you want . But , the real reason this is getting returned is that it is way too quiet . Even at it 's loudest , there is no way it will block out noises . My husband and I could whisper near it when it was on full volume , and still hear each other just fine . This one goes back !
 I read the reviews and wanted to believe the good ones - but the ones who tell you the volume level is useless are absolutely correct ! Do n't waste your money on this , it is barely audible . The sound selections are also poor and some of them are downright irritating . Another minus was buying this via Amazon from the vendor BabyAge ; that was a bad experience . It took them over four weeks to ship it . To return to them you have to go to their website for an authorization number - by sending them an e-mail from there . Waited a couple days for a response and it was a nice e-mail telling me that I would be sent the authorization code but that I needed to understand that I would be given a store credit since they could not refund to me directly through Amazon . I had to request the store credit be converted to a refund after they received the item and issued the store credit . While they were nice and did tell me the refund has now been submitted , it 's a lot to keep up with and pursue to get your money back .
 I have three of these for my three kids ' rooms . After a while they begin to whine when on the wind setting which is the only one which has steady sound . Also the volume does n't go high enough . I 'm buying three new ones and throwing these away .
 Well , I am still using one unit I bought because I like the rain setting for my 2 month old but I have concerns . I inadvertantly purchased two units , the first is still working but is not able to reach volumes to initially calm my infant , and it lacks a true `` white noise '' setting or a `` fan '' setting , which I hoped it would have . It occaisionally makes a loud popping sound , too . The secound unit stopped working immediately -LRB- after 2 uses of 20 minutes each -RRB- .
 I bought one of these about a year ago and it 's fine . It included batteries and it really helped out when we needed to travel.I got another one today and was dismayed to find that the power cord is now PERMANENTLY attached and can not be unplugged . So if you want to move it around you have to deal with the power cord , which in our case is inconvenient because the outlet is behind a dresser.In addition , I discovered this brand new unit came with dead batteries . The batteries are the exact same brand as the ones in my year old machine , so that is too bad.Finally , this new machine is MUCH quieter than our old machine . While the volume buttons both goes up the same number of times , our old sound machine feels like it has 2-3 louder levels . This new machine stops getting loud at about half the volume of our old unit . As a result , it is barely loud enough to drown out background noises in a house.All in all this new unit is n't good at all , and we are returning it.For what it 's worth , the serial number on our old machine is 0409 and the new one is 1412 . Otherwise they appear identical . I am disappointed that the new one falls short in so many ways .
 We have a three-month old baby who is just starting to sleep in his crib in his nursery on his own , and using a sound machine is an important tool to help him not only get to sleep but stay asleep . I got tired of moving our sound machine from our room to his room and back , so I bought another so that we 'd have one permanently in his room.I was entranced by this one , particularly by its price , and thought I 'd give it a try . How bad could it be , right?Well , this product is shoddily made , looks and feels -- and most importantly -- ACTS cheap . I would turn it on and right away it was n't loud enough , so I turned up the volume . My first complaint is that there 's no way to tell when you 've hit the highest volume ... . I just kept pressing the button so many times that I figured I had to be at highest volume . Which still was n't loud enough , by the way . But then the real kicker
 Even on maximum volume this machine is so quiet that it is completely useless.Ambient noise in the room completely drowned it out . I returned it immediately .
 I have used noise machines for all three of my kids for years . When my 3 year olds `` noise '' finally gave out he chose this one off of Amazon . sadly it is not nearly loud enough to be effective . I am returning it and will go with the more expensive but more effective Graco model .
 This is not that loud as previously written in other reviews but its okay but only if on the loudest setting . I wanted it because it had the earjack and cordless options so I can use it when camping and want to sleep while others are still up . Could not find any earphones that would reproduce the sound the machine makes loud enough to make any difference , which was a surprise to me . I actually think the machine was louder without the headphones ! I tried 4 different style earphones and NONE of them made it so the machine was loud enough to drown out anything on ANY setting - it 's almost like plugging earphones in made the sound quality lower . This machine would be just `` ok '' if you do n't need it for earphone use . No rave reviews , sorry . I returned it and I 'm going to try the `` Sound Oasis Deluxe Sound Therapy System AM FM Radio With FREE Pillow Speakers '' also sold at Amazon . More money than I wanted to spend but it may be worth it for the additional options like a clock and radio ... and maybe the `` free '' ear pillows will work ? They 're the only headphone/earphone/earbuds I have n't tried yet - Keeping my fingers crossed ; - -RRB-
 I am a mother who swears by sound machines . I purched this machine and it is too soft . Our other machines are much louder and more effective . the homedics one is a better choice
 Ok , perhaps you ca n't hear a pin drop , but the highest volume on this machine is still pretty quiet . On second thought , that may be a good thing since the sound choices on this unit are all pretty unpleasant - very mechanical sounding at best , and the `` womb '' choice sounds like the background to an alien invasion movie or something . I am totally disapointed with this cheap looking , low quality item .
 I took the Sound Sleeper out of the box , put it in normal mode , and plugged it into the wall . The sound that came out of the Sound Sleeper was so quiet it could hardly be heard . I tried to turn up the volume using the volume control but it had no effect on performance . In my opinion , it is terrible quality control when a new unit does n't work . I would never order from this company again . Buyer beware .
 I love that you can mix and match sounds with this sound soother - my girls like the womb sounds particularly . However , this thing is not even CLOSE to being loud enough to qualify as white noise . You have to put the thing directly into an infant 's crib -LRB- making the cord a choking hazard -RRB- in order for them to even hear it . If you are like me and need the white noise to keep your baby from waking up from other sounds in the house , you need something a lot louder .
 For a baby with colic or a child with sensory integration issues , this machine is not loud enough at its highest volume .
 Bought it for my 9 months old 's nursery room to drown out other noises in the house in the evening . It 's not loud enough at all even with the highest volume setting , so I returned it .
 This worked well for us . I bought it for my twin toddlers ' room after the birth of my new baby.It kept the twins from being woke up by the baby . It also seemed to help at nap time . I used it every day for almost 4 months , until today . It stays on for about 3 seconds , then shuts off . I tried everything , and it just does not work anymore.I read the reviews before , hoped I would n't get a lemon . But it seems that even the good ones break.I strongly recommend trying something else.The return policy stinks , not worth it .
 I received this in the mail today , unfortunately it 's already back in the box for return . I bought it to help my baby sleep and block out the noises in the house from her room . I plugged it in and tried to set it down and it immediately turned off . I tried again and touched the AC adapter cord and it cut off again . When I was able to get it to stay on for longer than a few seconds , the loudest volume setting was way too low .
 We received this product as a gift for our new baby and were very excited to try it out since we have heard great things about white noise . However , after switching the product from demo into normal mode and plugging it in there was no change . The noises only run for 3-5 seconds as if it was stuck in demo mode . We have tried a million different things to get it to work and finally just gave up . I would return it but it was a gift so it is going into the garbage . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 I bought this to block out sounds -LRB- I live near a busy street -RRB- , and it just is n't loud enough . Even on the highest setting , my baby wakes up with every truck that goes by.If you live in a quiet neighborhood this might be enough , but it really does n't get loud enough for me .
 I bought it for myself after reading other reviews saying that adults were also pleased with this product . Unfortunately , I got what I paid for . There is a static background for some sounds . Do not expect it to cover outside noises because it is the opposite . The highest volume setting is so quiet that the machine sounds are covered by all surrounding noises and it gets really bothering . I would return it if it was n't so much hassle .
 I rarely write a review but this item really upsets me . I researched before buying . Maybe that 's why I am more disappointed than usual . Of course sleepless because of baby would n't stay asleep did n't help me to be calm either . This machine broke down after one and half month of use ! The machine turned on , just to stop after 5 seconds ! It 's so annoying . Why not just stop working completely !? To add to the complain , is the sound level being very low . I have to put it on a chair closely next to her crib for it to work ok . We still need to tip toe around the room and ask people not to ring the door bell , ect . Lousy product .
 Perhaps it depends on what you 're buying this for , but for me it was much too quiet ! I bought it because my baby seems to sleep better in noisy places
 This sound machine is too quiet to even make it worth owning . And all the sound combinations are just silly . You do n't really need something this complicated , in my opinion . Used it for a couple days and had to use another machine at the same time just to actually drown out any sound outside my baby 's room . No good .
 I bought this for white noise to help me sleep . -LRB- I usually use a fan on low , but mine had died and none of the stores were carrying fans as they are a &#34; seasonal &#34; item . -RRB- I wanted to love this , with the different sound options , but it was just too quiet . : -LRB- Not sure it would be enough white noise to keep a baby to sleep either .
 For 64 count , cost/diaper = 14.99 / 64 = $ 0.23 If you buy 42 count , thencost/diaper = $ 0.18 So , I would not buy this MEGA size , because it 's moreexpensive .
 Not the same Swaddlers size 2 as if I to buy them at local retail store . Diapers missing 2 expanded siding , therefore , the diaper do not fit right . I bought 5 pack , but want to return 4 pack since the 1st package I already opened and use .
 When our second son was born I used the leftover diapers from the year before along with some newborn and then size 1 diapers . When he was outgrowing those I saw this and thought that it would be a transitional sizing . Perfect since they grow so fast and the bigger size you buy the fewer you get in a package . When I opened the box they were size 1 diapers . I called Pampers about it and they were apologetic . I returned the , yes-opened , box to the store where I bought them and got a full refund . These do not fit the sizes stated on the box . Buyer beware !
 Pay careful attention to the number of diappers included in this value box ! It is smaller than the normal box you usually get from other stores or from amazon , thus the price is not really cheap.I purchased the No 3 Cruisers value box from amazon twice , one box came with 160 diapers , and one came with 116 diapers
 Today is the 2nd day we have been using this diaper but we already washed the crib sheet twice . It leaks a lot ! What makes it worse is it irritates my kid 's skin . Everytime after I put it on , she starts to scream and cry . We just ordered 2 boxes from Amazon . Now we have to go buy some other diapers .
 Like the other mom reviewer , I always used cruisers . The latest box did not indicate that Proctor and Gamble had altered the product . The new ones with mesh liner are not as aborbent . My son leaked nightly and soaked his clothes and his sheets . This did not happen when we used the original version of Pamper cruisers .
 I did n't find that these are worth the extra money that you pay . After wearing these for 2 days , my daughter developed a pretty nasty diaper rash . After about a week and a half of not clearing up , I decided to put her back in some Huggies . Her rash cleared up within 2 more days . That is not why I am giving them such low marks though . EVERY morning , my daughter would be drenched from the Cruisers leaking ! We did n't and still do n't have that problem with the Huggies . I will save myself grief and money and stick with the good old Huggies .
 I love pampers cruisers and swaddlers . Cloth like , very little leakage , no leaking blue gels , and no stuck together gatherings . Unfortunately , I found out that my second child all the sudden became allergic to Pampers ; I think it 's the new ones with dry weave liners . He started to have red bumps on his bottom everywhere not characteristic of diaper rash -LRB- back , crotch , scrotum -RRB- and will not go away with diaper rash cream , topical antibiotics nor antifungals . I 'm a pediatrician so I was really puzzled . I finally switched him to Huggies and used steroid cream and they went away . I even called Pampers and they told me that the diapers are still the same . ? @ $ # $ I found out that this is not uncommon with Pampers . So moms beware . If your baby comes down with just red bumps everywhere and will not get better with diaper rash crea or antifungals -LRB- nystatin , clotrimazole -RRB- , it might be an allergic reaction .
 quality is much worse than DRY BABY , but much more expensive than that . I think it 's because of manufacture wants reduce costs . The photo of the products not match wtat thay send to you , not BABY EASY GRIPs , BUT `` COMFORT AND FLEXIBLE '' , taht you can find in any BABY RUS sores with price of 40.99 , they give you $ 15 gift card , if you buy two . Anyway , I do n't recommend you to buy thenm in BABYRUS eather , because the poor quality . They do n't absorb much . Also , it is not returnable after you buy it online here .
 I have used Pampers brand since my baby was born and they were great . She is now 17 months and the new change is just horrible . They leak and give her the worst rash . She actually has sores on her bottom ! The rash is so bad that it is now speading to her legs . I would be very leary about purchasing these diapers . My daughter does not have sensitive skin and we have not changed anything . The only thing that changed was the makeup of the diaper itself . I must say they not only cause rashes but they are so CHEAP !!! I will never use again unless they change back to the orignal diapers .
 The new Cruisers leak all the time . I will be switching brands after using Pampers for almost 2 years .
 I bought a box back in October and noticed they had a rough stiff feel to them on the outside and the mesh liner was gone . I was told by P&G that it a was a thing they were trying and not a permanent change . Well , the geniuses at P&G have decided to run with it and it IS a permanent change now - just in time for me to have spent $ 60 on diapers that suck . There is no absorbent material on the backside of the diaper at all , the mesh liner is gone , and they feel stiff instead of soft . I called P&G and spoke with customer relations and emphatically voiced my anger over this move - I have been using these diapers for years on my children and have loved them up until now . These diapers really are horrible . My son has been leaking through the outer liner and I never had that problem before this fall - and I used to let him fill those up pretty far sometimes . My other son is in Swaddlers , and I just bought a new box and they feel stiff too , and there also is no absorbent material on the back of the diaper at all ! How do they expect these to work ?
 I used to be a dedicated Pampers consumer since my baby was born . This last round of pampers diapers were poorly contructedWhen the baby wears them you can see from outside of the diapers that the padding ends much lower than in prevous versions of this diaper . There used to be a mesh on the inside to keep moisture away and that is now gone.My baby is on the low end of the weight requirement for this diaper and they still leak.I have since switched from Pampers .
 I have been using Pampers for my daughter since the day she was born . I sware by the Pampers brand name . Unfortunately , their new `` mesh '' lining may have caused my now two year old daughter a visit to the emergency room . As it turns out my daughter suffered a serious abrasion to her groin which bled . It was an absolute horrible experience for me and my baby who had to suffer from excruciating pain and discomfort . The ER doctor advised me from staying away from these diapers for the next couple of weeks . Needless to say - we ended up buying Huggies . I 've always trusted Pampers and hope that they will remove the mesh lining as soon as possible .
 I have been using Pampers for my daughter since the day she was born . I sware by the Pampers brand name . Unfortunately , their new `` mesh '' lining may have caused my now two year old daughter a visit to the emergency room . As it turns out my daughter suffered a serious abrasion to her groin which bled . It was an absolute horrible experience for me and my baby who had to suffer from excruciating pain and discomfort . The ER doctor advised me from staying away from these diapers for the next couple of weeks . Needless to say - we ended up buying Huggies . I 've always trusted Pampers and hope that they will remove the mesh lining as soon as possible .
 I have been buying diapers on Amazon for several months and all of a sudden in the last couple weeks they increased the price by THREE DOLLARS ! No longer is this the best solution to buy diapers . Go to Target -- They are cheaper there and take the pampers $ 1 off coupon that is in the paper almost weekly . BOOO on AMAZON for a ridiculous price increase . The grocery store even has a better price than this !
 Internal surface greed , for keep cotton absorber on place , do not hold cotton fibers propertly , a lot of it sleep on my doghter skin after usage of this dipers . Can be used with limitation . Absorbtion abilities is outstanding .
 the cost of these diapers are way more than you would pay at any local retailer or national chain ... then to use a coupon on top of that ... wow what a difference . Save your money and shipping costs and go to Target . Do price per diaper comparisons and you would be surprised how much diapers cost and how to save money !!
 I have been buying diapers on Amazon for several months and all of a sudden in the last couple weeks they increased the price by THREE DOLLARS ! No longer is this the best solution to buy diapers . Go to Target -- They are cheaper there and take the pampers $ 1 off coupon that is in the paper almost weekly . BOOO on AMAZON for a ridiculous price increase . The grocery store even has a better price than this ! The Diapers are the best out there .
 I was disappointed in these diapers . Pampers Cruisers are still the only diaper I will ever buy , but will make sure they are not the ones like these with the mesh liner . They are thinner , smaller , and less absorbent . These are a cheap imitation of the original Pampers Cruisers .
 Great product , ok price , but the delivery is unreliable . We had some fast deliveries before , but it 's getting worse lately . Our last order has not been shipped after more than two weeks , and the estimated shipping date is in another week . If you need the diapers within a month , think about buying them somewhere else .
 I have always ordered diapers from Amazon ... The past 2 times , the diapers have been old and sticking together -LRB- apparently from heat -RRB- ... Upset at the lack of quality these days !
 Half of the diapers burst open spilling the diaper pellets EVERYWHERE . Amazon credited me $ 10 . Not much comfort considering I spent $ 60 on the boxes of diapers . They told me that they were aware of the problem . I would have ordered a different diaper if I knew about the problem ahead of time .
 I had Huggies for my daughter since she was born and I was very pleased but a friend recommended Cruiser 's so I decided to try . The first difference I noticed was the gel , it was like `` fluffier '' so with a little liquid the gel got bulky . The second was that her skin felt wet all the time . So with this 2 issues price/quantity convenience just vanished because I had to change much more often -LRB- like 10 to 12 times a day -RRB- . The worst was that after the first week of use she had a very bad diaper rash . Since we changed diapers brand and formula at the same time we did n't know for sure what was the cause , and the pediatrician told me that changes in food could cause poop and urine PH change . So I started changing diapers even more frequently and using tons of baby ointment and she got better . The next week the rash appeared again , and again i used a lot of ointment in every change but nothing happened . I changed ointment and rash was getting so bad she cryied on every bowel movement and screamed on every pee , and one day the sores even started to bled . Finally I decided it was too much and went back to huggies , she started to heal an the rash dissappeared within a week .
 i have always used pampers . i was even currently using pampers cruisers . when i received this box of diapers , all was normal . Until my daughter peed in the diaper . After she peed , it smelled like poop and left her raw . EVERY diaper i put on her out of that box did this to her . i have NEVER had any problems with pampers before . something is terribly wrong with that batch of diapers .
 Initially I was excited to find the `` jumbo '' box of pampers available online - I live in Manhattan and ca n't easily make it to a Costco/Sam 's / BJs/Price Club . However , the price on this item is n't as good of a deal as when they first started offering it . In fact , I get a bettter price `` per diaper '' using our local online grocer . Do the math before you buy !
 My son is 13 months old and I bought a pack of these because I had a coupon . Bad Idea ! My son usually wears Luvs . I 've never had a problem with Luvs . The first night i let my son sleep in Pampers there was pee everywhere . I will Never buy them again . Luvs for life !
 If your planning on buying Pampers Cruisers , or any other diaper , from Amazon ... DO N'T !! By the time they ship it , your baby will have grown into the next size diaper . Ordered Pampers on April 1st . As of April 22 , they had n't even shipped them yet . Makes you wonder if maybe this free shipping idea is a loss leader ?? Do n't waste your time with free shipping . Furthermore , do n't waste your time with paying shipping either . I 'll bet you anything your paying too much for the item + shipping anyway !!
 We started ordering pampers from Amazon a few months ago , when Pampers were $ 7.49 a pack . Why all the sudden the $ 3.00 price increase ? That is a huge and unfair rate increase , and makes ordering online no longer a savings . I can get a better price at Meijer -LRB- $ 9.49 -RRB- , and that 's BEFORE I use coupons . It 's disappointing that this product will no longer be offered at a good price . No incentive to come to Amazon and shop anymore . What a shame . Hopefully enough people who express concern can help make a change . I 'll be glad to come back to Amazon when the great price comes back .
 I bought my diapers here for months and months ! I ca n't believe you 've raised prices this high !! Absolutely ridiculous !! I 'll go back to Walmart where I can use coupons ! Thanks , anyway !
 $ 7.49 to $ 10 + is ridiculous . I 'll go back to buying diapers at Walmart and other grocery stores . You 'll lose a LOT of sales with this , Amazon !
 I use to buy my pampers here on amazon , but since they have raised the price to over $ 3 per package in the last month , I will be getting mine from Wal-Mart , shame on Amazon for rising the price . At least they are cheaper at Wal-Mart and I can use my manufacturer coupon at Wal-Mart . Perhaps if Amazon would lower the price again , I would shop from Amazon again ... SHAME ON AMAZON !!! LOWER THE PRICE !!!
 Like the other reviewers , I have bought diapers from Amazon for months . Now , I will be going to local grocery and discount tore for them instead . A $ 3 price increase in less than a month is CRAZY to say the least . I hope that everyone shows Amazon and does n't buy these diapers from them at such a crazy inflated price !
 Normally the diapers are great . However , over the past year and from multiple stores - including 4 boxes we just bought on Amazon - we have had issues with the Economy Pack -LRB- or whatever it 's called -RRB- . At least half , if not more , of the diapers are defective and my children wake up in the morning with the little absorbing beads all loose , the diaper split open , and a big giant mess . Not to mention a real pain to clean up . We still use these Cruisers , but we buy them in the smaller packs , not this Economy Pack .
 Let me begin by telling you all I have always loved the pampers brand diapers . Since my son was born , i used swaddles and then went onto cruisers . He is 20 months old and I have never had any problems . This last box i ordered has the worst quality of diapers . I think they are just packaging their `` newer '' version in these . These are so thin and i have had leaks since the day my son is using them . I am soooo disappointed.I was just hoping its my box and they are not using this tactic on every box but several of my friends told me about the same issue.I dont mind paying a few cents per diaper more for good quality but this is just ridiculous . I then went out and bought huggies movers and I think once this box finishes , I am just going to convert to huggies .
 I have always used Pampers and LOVED them until two weeks ago . WHAT HAPPENED ? Pampers Cruisers used to be white and have a mesh liner . They were by far the best disposable diaper out there and my daughter never got diaper rash , leaks , or blowouts.Now the diapers have a bluish/purplish tint , have a very strong chemical odor that any sane person would n't get near a baby , and they leak like a generic brand . The worst part is the diaper rash ; my daughter has never been prone to even minor diaper rash and within two changes she was bright red and blistering everywhere the absorbent area was touching her , and she was screaming and squirming when I tried to put another diaper on her . I have tried buying several packages , with the `` Dry Max '' logo and without , and it seems to only be the bluish/purplish tinted diapers that smell strongly of chemicals that cause the bad reaction . This is not specific to my daughter as other reviewers have reported the same reaction.Pampers obviously did not bother to test these before putting them out to the public , and I do n't appreciate my baby being used as a guinea pig for some new toxic absorbency chemical . I am writing this review in the hope that Pampers will listen and change back to their previous and far superior design . Otherwise , I am on the hunt for a new brand of diapers .
 Yes we found out , too , when the new box was delivered . I noticed right away it was so thin and the mesh lining was nowhere to be found . Sigh ... I went to Pampers website and they do n't mention anything . I guess they did n't want to advertise they cut cost . The exterior of box looks the same , too , except the product is no longer the same quality . On Amazon product description diagram , they show the old design with mesh liner , which is no longer there . Pampers cruiser now looks like their cheaper Baby Dry model . We 've been using pampers since my daughter was a newborn , when I tried so many diapers and decided on cruisers . But now we will have to change to something else ! It 's not Amazon 's fault but we will be stopping our diaper subscribe & save , too . Arg ... . So annoying !
 I bought a new box a cruisers and notice right away there was no mesh liner anymore . I have a 9 month old and has always used pampers . I used to love the cruisers but now the new diapers are not as soft and they leak . I suppose Pampers found a way to cut costs .
 ridiculous quality change in cruisers . I loved pampers swaddlers and cruisers , i used them for my son , they were the best and worth the extra money , NOT ANYMORE ! I will never buy them again . we are on a tight budget but i would pay extra for cruisers , not anymore , they leak , they do n't have the mesh lining , they give my boy very bad rashes , it 's horrible ! this is how they treat us loyal customers , swapping quality for trash and charging the same . despicable . save your money until they hear us customers and change back to the quality we 've come to expect and were willing to pay for .
 Even on sale at Amazon , this is not one of the better prices I 've found on these diapers . Even at regular price , they are $ 9 - $ 10 at Wal-Mart and with a coupon , you can purchase them for $ 7 - $ 9 depending on the coupon . The diapers are great , the prices are not .
 I love Pampers Cruisers and ordered some a few weeks ago when the price was low . I STILL have n't recieved the diapers ! It 's taking forever ! I checked back and I ca n't believe the price increase . I wo n't be buying these here anymore ... WalMart it is !
 We 've used Pampers brand since our 17 month old was born , and really loved the Crusiers . However , they 're `` trying out '' a mesh liner . It 's horrible and we 've had really bad diaper rash . The ONLY thing that changed in our baby 's world was the diapers ... . same foods , same wipes , same diaper cream , same people changing her , same diaper brand and size but a totally different lineI called Pampers to complain , and they said it 's just something that they were trying and that they 'd send me coupons . There 's no labeling on the box that it 's a design change -- and it 's a mega box so there are 140 diapers that I 'll never go near and ca n't even imagine giving away to some unsuspecting family . And what good are coupons if I ca n't avoid the problem diapers?How could P&G ; even think that it was a good idea to go mass-market with this design ? Try rubbing the mesh against your upper lip , and you can imagine what it feels like on a soft baby 's bottom . My husband compared the design to the dishcloth scrubby side.Needless to say I am really really angry with P&G ; and I do n't know if I 'll ever buy Cruisers again . A `` temporary '' unmarked design change for a part of the diaper that goes against the most sensitive skin is really really stupid .
 I wrote the following review in December 2009 on a smaller box of size 4 : I bought a box back in October 2009 and noticed they had a rough stiff feel to them on the outside and the mesh liner was gone . I was told by P&G ; that it a was a thing they were trying and not a permanent change . Well , the geniuses at P&G ; have decided to run with it and it IS a permanent change now - just in time for me to have spent $ 60 on diapers that suck . There is no absorbent material on the backside of the diaper at all , the mesh liner is gone , and they feel stiff instead of soft . I called P&G ; and spoke with customer relations and emphatically voiced my anger over this move - I have been using these diapers for years on my children and have loved them up until now . These diapers really are horrible . My son has been leaking through the outer liner and I never had that problem before this fall - and I used to let him fill those up pretty far sometimes . My other son is in Swaddlers , and I just bought a new box and they feel stiff too , and there also is no absorbent material on the back of the diaper at all ! How do they expect these to work?Update : Still not having real problems with leakage of pee , but again , my son is small and not a heavy wetter . But poop ! That is the problem ! As I suspected would happen - without the mesh liner and without the absorbent layer on the backside my son now has a rash on the front side and on his genitals , and around the legs due to a few loose bowel movements having nowhere else to go but to the front and out the sides . With the mesh liner the poop would have been siphoned into the diaper - and now that 's impossible - it just gets squished around all over the inside of the diaper and out the sides . Wish the little bugger would n't hide from me when he poops . Customer Relations told me that the diaper was not designed to absorb poop - I guess the geniuses at P&G ; did n't realize they had a product that actually helped in that area - the OLD CRUISER - and they 've gone and f 'd it up .
 These new diapers are HORRIBLE . They are leaky , thin , and absolutely cheap ! They do NOT absorb as well ! There is no absorbent liner in the back of the diaper for poops anymore !! When you compare the two side by side the difference is unbelievable ! A lot less soft , thin and papery and cheap feeling ! No mesh and only half a liner !!! I have heard all the excuses from Pampers as to `` Just go up a size '' or this is `` New technology '' or `` your problems are unexpected and rare '' It is absolute bull . Go to facebook group `` Pampers Bring Back The Old Cruisers '' and you will find all the information you could need about this serious downgrade ! They have pictures and a lot of information . This was the hottest topic on Pampers website but they have conveniently gotten rid of links to the hottest forum on their main page . You can still find the forum listed under Pampers Village Forums \ Pampers Website \ Feedback Discussions \ Pampers Low Blow . A total shame and now a poor excuse for a premium diaper .
 I loved the old Pampers Cruisers , but the new `` Dry Max '' ones are awful . I 've had leaks , which I 've reported to Customer Service . They acted as if they were unaware of how many unhappy consumers there were , despite complaints all over the internet . When my baby wore these overnight , the dye ... or something else from the diaper ... stained the inside of her light-colored sleeping pants . Also , her diaper area looks irritated , which is not usual for her . After hearing about the CPSA investigation into this diaper , I am switching immediately to a different brand . I 'm really disappointed with Pampers , and in Proctor & Gamble for their lack of attentiveness to customer complaints .
 BUYERS BEWARE !!!! Do not pay attention to all the positive ratings prior to December 2009 . The product is not the same.I have been a pamper customer since the day my baby was born . The old swaddlers and cruisers were great , with the mesh lining . However , pampers switched the product without changing the packaging , duping its customers to pay the same premium $ $ for an inferior product . The new cruisers are horrible and prone to leaking as the new lining does n't hold the same amount of pee overnight . Gone is the mesh lining that used to wick away the moisture from baby 's skin . Seems like these new cruisers are the old Pampers Baby Dry.I guess now I will have to search for another brand , since I am so disappointed with Pampers .
 We were disappointed to see that Pampers changed their diapers without notifying consumers . The biggest complaint we have was the removal of the mesh liner - which was the whole reason we were loyal to buying Pampers Cruisers . These diapers give our daughter a horrible rash now every time she wears one . We have since switched to cloth and will not buy any Pampers product again unless they bring back the old liner . There is also NO absorbent layer on the entire back panel of the diaper ! If DD is laying on her back , it all just comes right out the back side ! They are an inferior product now , but still charging premium prices . I 'd rather buy a store brand at this point , if I were n't totally giving up on disposables altogether ! Very upset about this change . We used to love them , and have been buying them since DD was born - but no more .
 Our daughter graduated from the Swaddlers to the Cruisers . We bought 2 boxes , because we figured she 'll need a lot of diapers . We liked the fit and they did n't leak BUT they left little cotton pieces all over.She started to get mild irritation on her bottom.We contacted Pampers and they sent a coupon for replacement diapers . There was no correspondence from them , just a coupon . We assumed that pack was just defective.We bought another box . It still left cotton . We returned it and bought another . Finally a package that did n't leave cotton pieces ! Yet her irritation changed to a rash covering her whole bottom , her lower abdomen and lower back -LRB- everywhere the diaper touched ... but not in the creases ... -RRB- . We stopped using her wipes , thinking we were wiping off the bits of cotton too hard . Then in a few days her rash had developed further.We thought maybe it was allergies , so I stopped introducing new foods . It persisted , then we thought it was diaper rash due to moisture ; therefore we changed her every hour . We lathered her in diaper rash medications , trying 4 different ones -- none of which worked . We gave her Aveeno baths and the rash would become milder , but would come back just as bad in a few hours . Then a doctor told us it was it was fungal . . yea gross ! Therefore we treated it by applying a topical cream twice a day for weeks . This helped reduce the irritation by half , at least , but it still persisted .3 months we thought of everything , we tried everything for a few days to see if it would go away but nothing seemed to cure it !! Finally , I said that I did n't want to use the diapers at all for a week . We switched to Huggies . Like magic -- I kid you not -- in 2 days the rash was almost completely gone . Today , 4 days later , there was no sign of any irritation at all !! Searching online , I have found other cases of parents having the same problem :-LRB- We are contacting Pampers to see what might be causing this , because she does n't have allergies nor does she have sensitive skin.For those of you that it does n't cause a rash , you are lucky . For others , if you are seeing a rash , I 'd try another brand : -LRB-
 Who designed the shape of Pamper diapers ? I feel it is the worst shape for a diaper . Its tab is far blow waist position , which induces my son leaking poos from back and leaking pees from sides . To avoid leaking , I have to tightly package him , which induce red inprint on his legs . I bought Huggies diapers and Especially for Baby diapers for my son . He seems comfortable in them . Most important , no leaking happens any more ! My son weight only 15 lbs .
 Wow !! Many of the comments above sound like commercials . For the most part this is a good diaper . Leaks are quite rare and my 10 month old seems very comfortable in it . BUT , we have had about half a dozen diapers leak the silica . 2 of the diapers leaked so badly that we spent nearly an hour cleaning the changing station . Not only that , the silica comes out like a soft gel , and is extremely hard to clean . And of course , our biggest concern has been safety . How safe is that gel if the baby accidentally consumes it ? Judging from what i 've found online on this problem , Pampers does n't seem to care.When this diaper works , it 's great ; when it fails , it fails quite spectacularly !
 I love these diapers and they were a good deal at $ 7.49 however the price increased to $ 10.49 overnight . Now it is much cheaper to buy them at Target or the grocery store .
 This used to be a good deal for buying Cruisers -LRB- especially with the free shipping over $ 25 -RRB- . But now the price has jumped from $ 7.49 to $ 10.49 overnight . It is much cheaper to buy diapers at a local store .
 Swaddlers by pampers were excellent . However when my 4 month old graduated to size 3 , I ordered cruisers and just half way thru the box she has developed very very bad rashes . I read the reviews on Huggies and found that many other people have had the same experience . Its just two days since I have started using Huggies and the rashes have alreay gone .
 Love the product but dont get it on Amazon . The same value pack -LRB- 124 pieces -RRB- costs only $ 29.89 at BJ 's .
 It is very tricky because you would think is the same size of box what Babiesrus sells and sounds like such a good price for it but when you get it delivered you see that is way less quantity then you used to buy your value pack pampers , so my advice for other purchasers is to pay attention to the quantity before you think is a good deal .
 These diapers are the most awfulest things I think I ever bought for my baby . I received a lot of the `` swaddler '' size for my baby shower and I tried to use them for about 3 weeks before my pediatrician pinpointed it as the source of the relentless diaper rash my son had pretty much from birth . Stopped using them and lo and behold , diaper rash gone . Fast forward 3 months later when my son was hospitalized for a week and these were the only diapers the hospital supplied . Figuring that my son was older , maybe they would n't do as much harm . Wrong . The rash came back with a vengeance . I had to get diapers from home for the rest of the stay . I think it 's because they are lightly scented with green dye inside . Definitely stay away if your child has sensitive skin !
 I have n't received the 30 $ coupon for purchasing pampers diaper for more than 99 $ . It has been told May we will receive the coupons . But so far I have n't recived it like other people .
 Product is good and acceptable . However for the price of the produce it 's not work it.Material used is not suitable for Kids of this age .
 The product from Pampers is great . We bought this online to avoidhassles to rush into local stores.However , the shipping is really disappointing . First , I do n't think theyeven bother to ring the bell at our gate before leaving a notice . After their secondnotice on Fri. , we called them asking about the package and they told uswe could pick up -LRB- ~ 10 miles away -RRB- . On Sat . we called themagain that we wanted them to deliver on Mon instead of picking up ourselves.But nothing happened until Mon. afternoon , we called again and they couldnot locate our request to deliver
 I have been using Pampers for my daughter since the day she was born . I sware by the Pampers brand name . Unfortunately , their new `` mesh '' lining may have caused my now two year old daughter a visit to the emergency room . As it turns out my daughter suffered a serious abrasion to her groin which bled . It was an absolute horrible experience for me and my baby who had to suffer from excruciating pain and discomfort . The ER doctor advised me from staying away from these diapers for the next couple of weeks . Needless to say - we ended up buying Huggies . I 've always trusted Pampers and hope that they will remove the mesh lining as soon as possible .
 We have found this to be a dangerous product ! We have been buying cruisers for a while and then about a month and a half ago , we purchased two large economy packs of the number 5 Cruisers and had horrible problems with exploding diapers . The elastic strip along the leg tears away from the diaper and all the silica material falls out of the diaper . This should not be happening ! We change our baby frequently and he is only 24 lbs and the diapers go up to 35 lbs . One time , we came in to his room and the silica was all over his crib and he was putting it in his mouth ! And it 's not a volume problem because it happens during the day when there is not all that much pee in the diaper . We figured we got a bad batch . When we bought a smaller package from CVS , we did not have this problem , but when we went back to buying the economy size at Target , the silica leaking started to happen again . It is also impossible to get those little sticky things of silica off his bottom and legs and they irritate his skin , so we 've had to dunk him in the tub sometimes twice a day to get it off . If he touches it and then rubs his eyes -LRB- before we realize that there has been another leak -RRB- , it irritates them.I called customer service at Pampers and it was a joke . I told the service person what had happened and how upset I was , and he said that there was no way he could guarantee me a call back . What ? I told him that was totally unacceptable and that this was a defective product . Again , he said he 'd make a note of it but that they get so many calls that I very well may not get a call back . He was right . I did n't . I have since spoken with mothers in my same area -LRB- Chicago -RRB- who have had similar problems and thought they were the only ones . They , too , called Pampers customer service line and were totally ignored . One , like me , had found her little girl with a mouth full of the silica that had come out of the diaper while she was playing . I am now sending a letter to the Consumer Product Safety Commission . If you have had similar problems with the elastic seam separating from the diaper so that the silica comes out the side , * please * call Pampers and complain . If they do nothing , contact the product safety commission or e-mail your local product safety TV news reporter to do a story on this . Pampers is totally unresponsive to a very real problem . How many kids have to ingest silica before they address this problem ?
 I 've been using Pampers ' Cruisers for my baby eversince she was borned . The absorbent was great and nice Sesame Street Characters . However , I feel very disappointed due to the product is not consistant . First , they changed the quality of the outside layer of the diaper becomes thinner and look cheap . -LRB- It was used to be thick and soft -RRB- . Second , they changed the liner in MESH TYPE . The absorbent is terrible and my baby had diaper rash because of the rough mesh liner . How rough it is ? The mesh liner is similar as the sport pant 's liner . Also , the new generation of Pampers ' Cruiser becomes thinner and less absorbence . I have no idea why they modified the product becomes so cheap and bad quality . To be honest , it is the reason for me to switch to Huggie 's Supreme . As a consumer , I would like to buy the product because of their quality consistancy . Why would the consumer spent more money on the diaper ? Because they want better quality and outstanding product to have a peace of mind !! Think twice when you are planning to buy the Pampers ' Cruisers now !
 When my son was first born , we tried both Pampers Swaddlers and Huggies size 0 -LRB- whatever they 're called -RRB- , and we settled on Swaddlers . Then , we won a year 's supply of Huggies , so obviously , we used those throughout my son 's first year . Now that supply is gone , and I decided to try Pampers Cruisers for a change.Oh my g-d , I 'm seeing things that I NEVER saw with Huggies - there 's silica crumbs all over the diaper area almost at every diaper change . I have to take him into the sink and wash it out with water at every diaper change . I did n't change the frequency of my diaper changes , it 's the same time interval that I used with HuggiesTrue , they do n't leak , but Huggies never leaked either , so when this pack is finished , I 'll go back to Huggies.I 've never had silica leak out of a Huggie diaper , in my opinion that 's just dangerous and should n't be around a baby 's privates
 So I received the new `` dry max '' diapers and yes , like the other reviewers are saying they have the look and feel of your average , cheap generic brand diaper with the old pampers price . Not exactly a soft and comfortable diaper like the old pampers . It 's a bummer to have to look for a new brand of something I have n't given a second thought about for the last 8 months . Many are asking `` why would pampers do this ? '' Here are my thoughts on the issue . As you may have noticed , there has been a major global economic downturn . Proctor & Gamble -LRB- makers of Pampers -RRB- has traditionally sold high-end products at a premium price -LRB- think Tide , crest , Pantene , Duracell , etc -RRB- . The economy has forced many people to switch to cheaper brands , leaving P&G with billions in losses and over 3 % decline in revenue in 2009 . Bob McDonald , the new CEO of P&G , came in with guns blazing with a plan to increase profits -LRB- see USAToday 's article `` Proctor & Gamble Looks Beyond U.S. Borders '' -RRB- . In the case of Pampers , he was left with a choice to increase profits
 I just wanted to let people know that these diapers , while they fit my son very well , caused a horrible diaper rash that would not go away until we switched diaper brands completely.My little boy has not had any other reactions or rashes , so I do n't think it 's just sensitive skin , but once we had to go to cruisers from swaddlers , he started having a mild diaper rash . After a week , we took him to the Doctor , and they told us to try one prescription ... it got better for a while , then came back horribly . . we tried changing him many times a day because we thought it was just because we were n't changing him enough , and I think that actually made it worse . . little red raw rash blisters all over his bottom . We tried switching formulas and foods too , in the meantime ... but back to the Dr , more prescriptions now . This time they do n't help much at all , and then he started having allergic reactions elsewhere , on his back and his eye got puffy , so we rushed him back the doctor because we thought he was really sick , and one of the nurses suggested we switch diapers when she saw the cruisers ... so we ran by walmart and got a few packs of cheap diapers to try , and viola ! Diaper rash is almost completely gone after one day in white cloud diapers . We tried a couple more off brands and no irritation ... then just to check we used one of the cruisers we had left , and Bam . One diaper , new rash bumps . We threw the rest out.I know that some people do n't have any trouble with these , but please be aware that if your child has a persistent rash , it could be these diapers . It 's something to keep in mind .
 My daughter had serious diaper rash when wearing these diapers . I thought I have gotten the old version . Then it turns out the new Dry Max in the old box . What a sneaky way to cheat the customers ! Do n't they think we can tell ?!
 The only reason these diapers received even one star from me is because I did n't have a choice of zero stars . I used to be devoted to Pampers diapers ... they were by far the best diaper on the market . I used the new DryMax Cruisers for only 2 days because my son came out in a horrible red rash , which only got better once I stopped using these diapers -LRB- I switched to Huggies # . There is a Facebook group called ` Pampers Bring Back the Old Cruisers/Swaddlers ' if anyone is interested in checking it out ... over 2750 members , many of whom are alleging that the new Pampers have caused their babies to suffer rashes/chemical burns . Link is below :[ ... -RSB- WHY HAVE PAMPERS NOT ISSUED A RECALL YET , DESPITE THOUSANDS OF PARENTS NOW ALLEGING THAT THE DIAPER IS CAUSING RASHES & CHEMICAL BURNS TO THEIR BABIES ?????? I 'm so disgusted with Pampers treatment of its -LRB- once loyal -RRB- customers that I 'm not sure I 'd go back to them even if they brought back the old Swaddlers/Cruisers now ... what an arrogant and out of touch management team they have at Pampers ...
 These diapers are supposed to be for moving babies and in that respect they are pretty good . However , they do not withstand much liquid in them before they start filtering through .
 We have used Pampers since the day my daughter was born . I am all for spending a little bit more to go for a brand I trust . And who would n't trust Pampers ?! I used Swaddlers and then progressed to Cruisers with the mesh lining and never had a problem with leakage or rashes . In fact I thought it was the best diaper I have ever used . -LRB- I have used another competitor 's diapers once and it always leaked on my daughter -RRB- Then came the day I noticed something was different in the diaper . It just felt different , almost cardboard-like and much thinner . Also the back lining did n't seem to go all the way to the top ! Have I never noticed that ?! Hmm , I did n't have anything to compare it to and diaper changing time is n't the best time to think - speed is crucial !! Afterwards I had a peak at the box it came in and it looked exactly the same as before . A few days later , the same niggling suspicion bugged me , especially after I noticed my daughter seemed to be scratching her back -LRB- where the diaper ends -RRB- a lot more than normal and wondered if something was irritating her skin . I googled it and lo and behold , read about how Pampers has changed the diaper design and took away the mesh lining ! Ohhhh OF COURSE , the mesh lining !!! How could I forget that ?! No wonder it looked different . I then started going through my pile of diapers and the diaper bag and found a couple of spare old diapers and compared them side by side . Now it looks pretty obvious . The mesh lining was gone , the lining stops a few inches before the top of the diaper -LRB- why !? -RRB- , and it does feel thinner . Without the mesh lining , the new diaper felt ` scratchy ' - that is the best way I can describe it . It just looked cheaper and less lush , less padded , and felt more uncomfortable to the touch.Although my daughter had not experienced a rash -LRB- or burn as some moms described their experience -RRB- , which may be because we always put cream on her during a diaper change , we were n't planning on waiting around to find out . Plus I was furious that they deceived us by changing what is in the box of diapers we have grown to love , without any indication whatsoever ! We started educating ourselves about chemicals in diapers and then decided to swap to another brand which does not use bleach in their diapers . We are happier to know that we are putting her in something hopefully safe.Why did Pampers have to change the design of something which was perfect ? Why did they NOT inform the consumers of the change if it was as good as they claim it to be ? Sneaking their best diaper technology YET into old boxes does n't seem like a good marketing strategy , if any . It will take them a long time to earn back the trust of many moms . I know for sure they have lost my business.Please note that most reviews pre-2010 are 5 stars , and rightly so ! However the sheer number of bad reviews dated 2010 is evidence that parents are not happy with the new diapers . Please be cautious and choose what is best for your baby .
 I got some of the old style Pampers diapers without drymax at my shower along with every other brand of diaper . I loved the swaddlers , baby dry and cruisers so I decided to stick with Pampers when I finally needed to buy diapers . I bought the size 3 Cruisers with Drymax and they are actually pretty terrible . There is no leak guard in the rear so i 'm thinking that 's why every time my little boy goes # 2 it comes right out of the back of the diaper ! Needless to say i 'm very disappointed with the new Cruisers . The only thing good about them is they do hold a lot of pee , which is all my baby does through the night , so i 'll keep using them for nighttime only . I 've had absolutely no leaks as far as pee goes .
 They changed the design of the Cruisers diapers . We used to buy Pampers Baby-Dry diapers for day use and Cruisers for night use . The Baby-Dry diapers could n't hold in the wetness all night long but worked great for day use and were cheaper than the Cruisers . Now the new Cruisers can no longer hold in the wetness all night either . We no longer see the advantage of buying the Cruisers over the Baby-Dry diapers . We have n't experienced the diaper rash issue that others have . We 'll continue to buy the Baby-Dry diapers for now , but we wo n't buy the Cruisers anymore . I do n't know why companies feel the need to mess with a great product . I 'm sure it was another bad marketing department decision . They always have to change things to make themselves appear useful ...
 I have used Pampers brand since my baby was born and they were great . She is now 17 months and the new change is just horrible . They leak and give her the worst rash . She actually has sores on her bottom ! The rash is so bad that it is now speading to her legs . I would be very leary about purchasing these diapers . My daughter does not have sensitive skin and we have not changed anything . The only thing that changed was the makeup of the diaper itself . I must say they not only cause rashes but they are so CHEAP !!! I will never use again unless they change back to the orignal diapers .
 I have always love the pampers cruisers , because they did keep my baby dry and they did n't leak ... not any more Pampers have now taken out the wonderful mesh liner that is still on the picture , and now I ca n't stand them . We live in the high desert and so my daughter drinks more than if we lived anywhere else in the country . Now I have n't had one diaper , no matter how long it is on , that has n't leaked . I am so disappointed . Do n't waste your money , because if you do n't like the baby dry , that is what your paying the higher price for now . I wish I could have given them no stars , used to be 5 .
 I emailed Pampers MONTHS ago and never even received a response . We have been devoted Pampers customers from the beginning -LRB- my son is 2 1/2 -RRB- and I was horrified to see that there was some `` adhesive '' on the baby side of the diaper . It irritated his skin and in that same huge box , several -LRB- a dozen or more -RRB- diapers had the same problem.I am so disappointed , particularly with no response from their customer service .
 Love the diapers ... used to pay $ 7.49 ... with 2 kids in diapers ... forget $ 70/month at amazon . At $ 10.49 a pack , my money goes back to Costco .
 We were given these dipes as gifts from our friends for our twin boys . We had always used huggies with our first , but they were free so we tried them . They left a HORRIBLE rash on my red-headed son 's bottom . We were going through SO many diapers a day -LRB- 24 or more , let the environmentalists cringe -RRB- so it was NOT a matter of poor changing habits . It was not the breast milk . I know for a fact the diapers caused this rash because the rash was checkerboard looking like the mesh liner . It was insane ! We spent over $ -LSB- ... -RSB- in OTC rash creams and eventually had to get two prescriptions from the doctor to clear it up because once the skin is broken it becomes much harder to heal since the area is constantly being aggravated with nitrogenous waste . We now will use huggies supreme OR pampers baby dry ... no problems with those . My friend 's red-headed daughter had the exact same thing happen , so I 'm thinking parents of kids with sensitive skin might want to think twice about buying a huge pack of these .
 Once my daughter started to walk I knew I had to change to a diaper that had a better fit since she was moving more . I decided to try the cruisers . They had a perfect fit , did n't leak and were a reasonable price . I never had a problem with them until recently . I noticed they put a new mesh lining . I thought , okay they are trying to make the product better , why not . Then I started to notice how the mesh lining would stick to my daughters behind . She has been constently pulling the back of her diaper . I tried to stick with it and keep using the cruiser but this week I noticed another difference . There are new tiny beads inside the diaper lining . I noticed that the beads were bunching up in certain areas and when barely wet it looks like she is wearing a heavy soiled diaper . Barely wet or not the mesh has also been leaving an impression all over . The mesh does nothing but stays wet !!! If it did the absorbing it would n't leave an impression on her . This diaper used to be the best but the new changes are bad , I wish that pampers would go back to the way it was ! Now I have to go through the hassle of finding a better diaper .
 I continue to use Pamper 's Cruisers but definitely not happily . That being said I 've tried others and they either are too bulky -LRB- Huggies -RRB- or also soak through . I have a dd that has been out of diapers for over 3 years and back then they were great . Now they soak through . They leak , not from the sides but staight from the middle of the diaper . They can not be worn wet for more than a short time b/c they will soak right through . I recently found a size 5 left over from over 3 years ago and this problem did not occur . I definitely do n't remember having this issue . My dd wore them all the time and even through the night , now I have to use Huggies nighttime or the pajamas and crib sheets would all be wet . Very disappointing but I have n't found anything better .
 Like other reviewers , my son also had a terrible rash after we switched from Swaddlers to Cruisers . Our pediatrician had no idea what it was and prescribed an anti-fungal ointment and a hydrocortisone lotion . After more than a week using both , the rash just continued to get worse . We bought a package of Pampers Baby Dry just to see if a different diaper helped , and the rash cleared up within two days . I did n't really believe that it was the Cruisers diapers causing the rash since the Swaddlers and Baby Dry were fine -LRB- all Pampers brand -RRB- , but when we tried using the Cruisers on him again a few weeks later -LRB- we had a ton left over -RRB- the rash came back after just a day . I did a quick search online and found lots of people have this problem . If you use these diapers , watch carefully for a rash and change to a different line of diapers right away if you see it and save your baby the pain and discomfort !
 When my son was born three years ago I tried seven brands of diapers , from store brands to name brands and finally stuck with Pampers because they leaked the least and he tended to have less blow-outs with them . I loved the mesh because I felt like it helped protect his bottom . In two and a half years he only got two minor diaper rashes . When my daughter was born I again went with Pampers because I trusted the quality of the brand . When I switched from the swaddlers to the cruisers I bought a huge box and when I opened it I thought I had made a mistake in my purchase as the diaper was completely different from the old cruiser , however the box looked exactly the same . After using the box and buying another to make sure I had not made a mistake , I was disappointed to see that they had changed the diaper without saying so on the box . After about two days of using the new cruiser 's , my daughter got her first diaper rash and it was a bad one . Since then she has had three bad rashes . I truly think it is the new design . Supposedly this new diaper is improved and fantastic , but I think it sucks . The only difference is that it does n't sag as much as the old cruiser . This to me is not worth the diaper rashes . My next box of diapers will be a different brand and I again will have to search to find a diaper that will work well for my daughter without giving her the blistery-red blotchyness . I am so disappointed in the change and will not be buying them again .
 I 've used Pampers since my son was born ... and I 've always liked them better than any other brand . He 's now 3 and although we are working on potty training he still needs to wear a diaper at night . I 've never had any problems until they changed the design and now he wakes up wet every morning . They leak like crazy !!! I will be looking for another brand ASAP !
 I have had a terrible experience with Pamper 's Cruisers . My daughter is 14 months old and has only had one serious rash -LRB- a result of strong antibiotics -RRB- . I had never used pamper 's cruisers until last week . I had a coupon and thought I would give it a try . In less than a week my daughter broke out in the worse rash I had ever seen ! There were open blisters and nothing I tried seemed to provide her any relief . My Aunt happened to see a story on the news about the diapers so I switched back to my generic brand -LRB- Target diapers are great , by the way -RRB- and within 48 hours her rash was almost completely cleared up . I am convinced it was the diapers that caused the reaction .
 I HAVE BOUGHT MANY BOXES OF PAMPERS FOR 42 DOLLARS FROM AMAZON . TO SELL THEM FOR 59 IS HIGHWAY ROBBERY . SHAME ON YOU AMAZON
 I was using only Pampers brand , first Swaddlers and then Cruisers since my daughter was born in 2008 . Several months ago she developed stubborn rash and started leaking . Only after reading reviews today and closely examining a diaper I realized that the design was changed . Now I need to find another diaper brand that will work well , and it 's a headache . I do n't give a damn if this new design is better for the environment , but I do care about my daughter . I 'm very disappointed.An update -LRB- 04/22/2010 -RRB-
 I have used Pampers on my baby since she was a newborn . I do n't know why Pampers changed the cruisers . It used to be soft , have a great cover lining and be very absorbent.Now they are very papery , they took out the lining and it takes minutes for the diaper to absorb the pee . Also , the absorbent material goes only half way up the diaper.So disappointed ! Just bought a 180 ct box ...
 I was fan of pampers till i was using swaddlers.As soon as it was time for cruisers , nops.They claim `` try it overnight '' . I say it ca n't stand it even for a a couple of hrs.I can see tits and bits of cotton or whatever it is on my baby .
 Like many of the previous posters , I have been using Pampers since my son was born almost two years ago . The new ones are terrible . They leak to the point that my son wakes up because he 's soaking wet every night -LRB- necessitating a diaper and pajama change , which completely wakes him up , so it takes a good hour or two before he settles down and goes back to sleep -RRB- . I 'm hugely disappointed , have contacted Pampers Customer Service but no response yet . In the meantime , am also searching for a new diaper .
 I tried these diapers for the first time a week and a half ago , and now my son has the most severe rash that I 've ever seen . He never had any problems with the normal pampers but as soon as I switched hie broke out . I 've been putting cream on him , and that does n't even help . Luckily he is going to the doctors tomorrow . I would n't have even know the cause , had there not been a news story today about this brand causing rashes in lots of babies . I will no longer be using Pampers brand diapers .
 Cruisers were great . No complaints . Now suddenly , the mesh liner is gone , and when my son urinates , it smells like a CHEMICAL PLANT . I 'm not kidding . These are the worst , cheapest things ever . And they did n't even change the packaging . I am so angry -- clearly they just wanted to save a buck , but the smell of these things ? VILE . I have compared the old and `` new '' side by side -- old
 Pampers have pulled a bait and switch ! They have changed this product for the absolute worse with no warning to the consumer !! No more mesh lining ! Which kept the moisture off your babies skin . The inner liner has been basically cut to half its original size ! No longer does the liner go all the way up the back ! Which was important for poops etc. . Also the inner liner does not absorb anywhere near what it did before ! This allows for MANY leakthroughs ! And finally the over all softness of the diaper inside and out has been changed to a stiff papery generic type feel ! BUYER BEWARE !! They still charge premium price for this serious downgrade ! shame on you ! PARENTS UNITE !! AEDANSDAD22908
 Pampers has changed this diaper . I have been buying Pampers for 4 years and have gone through thousands of their diapers . I bought a box on Friday and could tell immediately that they were different . My dd has leaked through 6 of the 10 diapers we used from this box . The mesh liner that used to be in these is no longer there ! We have tried to contact Pampers , but have had no luck yet . We returned the box to the store and are now trying to find a new brand of diapers . I am so disappointed !
 Pampers has taken the best , highest quality diaper on the market & made it one of the worst , cheapest diapers on the market . There are many downgrades to the Cruisers that have me very angry :1 -RRB- They seem to be made of construction paper-they are VERY stiff , cheap & papery -LRB- the old cruisers used to be very soft -RRB- 2 -RRB- No more mesh liner to wick away moisture ! This has proven to cause many diaper rash on many babies -LRB- this is from feedback from other parents I know -RRB- 3 -RRB- 5 inches of paper in the back of the diaper
 I tried this for my daughter when she started crawling , but it leaves residue -LRB- white diaper gel -RRB-
 I have used Pampers Swaddlers on my baby girl for 16 months with no problems at all . Then , I finally switched to Cruisers -LRB- she 's still small , less than 20 pounds , but is walking so I thought it was time to switch when I ran out of Swaddlers -RRB- . Well , my first problem with the Cruisers is how cheaply they are made ! The `` sticky '' closure tabs are a disaster . In the first package , I must have had at least 5 or 6 that were either missing one or both tabs , or one of the tabs was `` sewn '' down to the diaper and unusable . So frustrating ! I hate throwing away an unworn diaper ! Waste of money and just a waste of a diaper.My daughter also got her very first diaper rash of her entire life within about a week of starting to use the Cruisers . Never had a single problem with any kind of irritation when she was wearing Swaddlers , but now she seems to get them frequently and they are so bad that they make her squirm and writhe and scream in pain , not only when I 'm changing her diaper but any time that she is sitting down while wearing even a slightly dirty/wet Cruisers diaper . I have 3 bags of these left -LRB- luckily I did n't buy a 6-month supply ! -RRB- and I think I will throw them out . It was n't until I read other negative reviews about diaper rashes that I put 2 + 2 together that this must be the cause of my daughter 's horrible rashes . Going to Cruisers is the only change I 've made with her and suddenly she is breaking out in open-sored rashes every week . If I can prevent this agony for her , then it 's good-bye Cruisers !!
 These are $ 34.99 at Publix grocery store . Plus , you can use coupons at the store . I did n't find anywhere to use them on Amazon .
 Amazon sucks , I did not get the product at all . Initially they told it will be shipped on 31st July then it postponed to 14th August 07 , I waited for almost until 22nd August 07 and nothing has happened . I had to buy Pampers from local store twice within this period . Finally I called up amazon and cancelled my order . I would not advice to go for this option at all , you would never get your order , it sucks waiting for the shipment and have to call to know the status . The online status still shows the estimated arrival date on 14th August 07 .
 I have ordered these diapers from amazon before with no problems . I have waited over a month for my most recent order . Needless to say , 24hours is optimistic .
 Enough single-use garbage diapers are used in the U.S. each year to reach to the moon and back . Think about where they come from and where they go . What kind of world do you want your kids to live in?Cloth diapers are not difficult , and regardless of the propoganda of the garbage diaper companies , they have no where near the negative environmental impact .
 After my 1yo constantly getting red marks on her hips , we switched to Huggies ! Not even Pampers cruisers have enough stretch to them to accomodate for chubby thighs :-RRB- I guess if you have a petite one , you 'll love these , but for those who have chubby bubs like me , you wo n't be so happy with these !
 I have been using pampers for almost 2 years . I have two babies both under 2 years old . DO N'T trust the promotion of all these business . SPAM !!!! It always break and the inside stuff are all over the place . TRY to use other store brand diaper . MUCH CHEAPER !!! NO DIFFERENT !!! even better at least does n't break !!!
 I have been a loyal cutomer to pampers for the past 20 months and have almost always bought my pampers swaddlers and cruisers from here at Amazon because they always had the best deal in town . I have stuck with Amazon even though their prices slowly crept up from $ 26.99 a box to now $ 33.49 a box and without coupons . I did so because I was so appreciative of their free shipping offer to here in Hawaii which saved me the trek across the island to the only toysrus here in Hawaii . Thus , I was so excited to see on December 1st , 2005 that you had a pampers promotion going on . I immediately attempted to buy 4 cases until I realized that you no longer ship to Hawaii . I ca n't even pay Amazon to ship their pampers to me because they no longer ship outside of the continental United States ! Amazon , you guys were among the first to recognize Hawaii as part of the U.S. and offer shipping prices or free shipping that was the same as the rest of the continental U.S. . You held back , unlike many other companies , and did n't charge ridiculous prices to mail items to Hawaii . Please reconsider shipping to Hawaii again .
 Do n't look at the old reviews of these diapers . Just look at the ones from the past few months and you 'll see what the new trend is . I would ignore any 5 star reviews as they probably work for Pampers . There 's not a conspiracy against Pampers ... Pampers changed their diapers . They had great reviews until they changed them .
 Do n't look at the old reviews of these diapers . Just look at the ones from the past few months and you 'll see what the new trend is . I would ignore any 5 star reviews as they probably work for Pampers . There 's not a conspiracy against Pampers ... Pampers changed their diapers . They had great reviews until they changed them .
 I have been using pampers for almost 2 years . I have two babies both under 2 years old . DO N'T trust the promotion of all these business . SPAM !!!! It always break and the inside stuff are all over the place . TRY to use other store brand diaper . MUCH CHEAPER !!! NO DIFFERENT !!! even better at least does n't break !!!
 I have been a loyal cutomer to pampers for the past 20 months and have almost always bought my pampers swaddlers and cruisers from here at Amazon because they always had the best deal in town . I have stuck with Amazon even though their prices slowly crept up from $ 26.99 a box to now $ 33.49 a box and without coupons . I did so because I was so appreciative of their free shipping offer to here in Hawaii which saved me the trek across the island to the only toysrus here in Hawaii . Thus , I was so excited to see on December 1st , 2005 that you had a pampers promotion going on . I immediately attempted to buy 4 cases until I realized that you no longer ship to Hawaii . I ca n't even pay Amazon to ship their pampers to me because they no longer ship outside of the continental United States ! Amazon , you guys were among the first to recognize Hawaii as part of the U.S. and offer shipping prices or free shipping that was the same as the rest of the continental U.S. . You held back , unlike many other companies , and did n't charge ridiculous prices to mail items to Hawaii . Please reconsider shipping to Hawaii again .
 After my 1yo constantly getting red marks on her hips , we switched to Huggies ! Not even Pampers cruisers have enough stretch to them to accomodate for chubby thighs :-RRB- I guess if you have a petite one , you 'll love these , but for those who have chubby bubs like me , you wo n't be so happy with these !
 Amazon sucks , I did not get the product at all . Initially they told it will be shipped on 31st July then it postponed to 14th August 07 , I waited for almost until 22nd August 07 and nothing has happened . I had to buy Pampers from local store twice within this period . Finally I called up amazon and cancelled my order . I would not advice to go for this option at all , you would never get your order , it sucks waiting for the shipment and have to call to know the status . The online status still shows the estimated arrival date on 14th August 07 .
 I have ordered these diapers from amazon before with no problems . I have waited over a month for my most recent order . Needless to say , 24hours is optimistic .
 Enough single-use garbage diapers are used in the U.S. each year to reach to the moon and back . Think about where they come from and where they go . What kind of world do you want your kids to live in?Cloth diapers are not difficult , and regardless of the propoganda of the garbage diaper companies , they have no where near the negative environmental impact .
 We 've used Pampers brand since our 17 month old was born , and really loved the Crusiers . However , they 're `` trying out '' a mesh liner . It 's horrible and we 've had really bad diaper rash . The ONLY thing that changed in our baby 's world was the diapers ... . same foods , same wipes , same diaper cream , same people changing her , same diaper brand and size but a totally different lineI called Pampers to complain , and they said it 's just something that they were trying and that they 'd send me coupons . There 's no labeling on the box that it 's a design change -- and it 's a mega box so there are 140 diapers that I 'll never go near and ca n't even imagine giving away to some unsuspecting family . And what good are coupons if I ca n't avoid the problem diapers?How could P&G ; even think that it was a good idea to go mass-market with this design ? Try rubbing the mesh against your upper lip , and you can imagine what it feels like on a soft baby 's bottom . My husband compared the design to the dishcloth scrubby side.Needless to say I am really really angry with P&G ; and I do n't know if I 'll ever buy Cruisers again . A `` temporary '' unmarked design change for a part of the diaper that goes against the most sensitive skin is really really stupid .
 I wrote the following review in December 2009 on a smaller box of size 4 : I bought a box back in October 2009 and noticed they had a rough stiff feel to them on the outside and the mesh liner was gone . I was told by P&G ; that it a was a thing they were trying and not a permanent change . Well , the geniuses at P&G ; have decided to run with it and it IS a permanent change now - just in time for me to have spent $ 60 on diapers that suck . There is no absorbent material on the backside of the diaper at all , the mesh liner is gone , and they feel stiff instead of soft . I called P&G ; and spoke with customer relations and emphatically voiced my anger over this move - I have been using these diapers for years on my children and have loved them up until now . These diapers really are horrible . My son has been leaking through the outer liner and I never had that problem before this fall - and I used to let him fill those up pretty far sometimes . My other son is in Swaddlers , and I just bought a new box and they feel stiff too , and there also is no absorbent material on the back of the diaper at all ! How do they expect these to work?Update : Still not having real problems with leakage of pee , but again , my son is small and not a heavy wetter . But poop ! That is the problem ! As I suspected would happen - without the mesh liner and without the absorbent layer on the backside my son now has a rash on the front side and on his genitals , and around the legs due to a few loose bowel movements having nowhere else to go but to the front and out the sides . With the mesh liner the poop would have been siphoned into the diaper - and now that 's impossible - it just gets squished around all over the inside of the diaper and out the sides . Wish the little bugger would n't hide from me when he poops . Customer Relations told me that the diaper was not designed to absorb poop - I guess the geniuses at P&G ; did n't realize they had a product that actually helped in that area - the OLD CRUISER - and they 've gone and f 'd it up .
 These new diapers are HORRIBLE . They are leaky , thin , and absolutely cheap ! They do NOT absorb as well ! There is no absorbent liner in the back of the diaper for poops anymore !! When you compare the two side by side the difference is unbelievable ! A lot less soft , thin and papery and cheap feeling ! No mesh and only half a liner !!! I have heard all the excuses from Pampers as to `` Just go up a size '' or this is `` New technology '' or `` your problems are unexpected and rare '' It is absolute bull . Go to facebook group `` Pampers Bring Back The Old Cruisers '' and you will find all the information you could need about this serious downgrade ! They have pictures and a lot of information . This was the hottest topic on Pampers website but they have conveniently gotten rid of links to the hottest forum on their main page . You can still find the forum listed under Pampers Village Forums \ Pampers Website \ Feedback Discussions \ Pampers Low Blow . A total shame and now a poor excuse for a premium diaper .
 I loved the old Pampers Cruisers , but the new `` Dry Max '' ones are awful . I 've had leaks , which I 've reported to Customer Service . They acted as if they were unaware of how many unhappy consumers there were , despite complaints all over the internet . When my baby wore these overnight , the dye ... or something else from the diaper ... stained the inside of her light-colored sleeping pants . Also , her diaper area looks irritated , which is not usual for her . After hearing about the CPSA investigation into this diaper , I am switching immediately to a different brand . I 'm really disappointed with Pampers , and in Proctor & Gamble for their lack of attentiveness to customer complaints .
 BUYERS BEWARE !!!! Do not pay attention to all the positive ratings prior to December 2009 . The product is not the same.I have been a pamper customer since the day my baby was born . The old swaddlers and cruisers were great , with the mesh lining . However , pampers switched the product without changing the packaging , duping its customers to pay the same premium $ $ for an inferior product . The new cruisers are horrible and prone to leaking as the new lining does n't hold the same amount of pee overnight . Gone is the mesh lining that used to wick away the moisture from baby 's skin . Seems like these new cruisers are the old Pampers Baby Dry.I guess now I will have to search for another brand , since I am so disappointed with Pampers .
 We were disappointed to see that Pampers changed their diapers without notifying consumers . The biggest complaint we have was the removal of the mesh liner - which was the whole reason we were loyal to buying Pampers Cruisers . These diapers give our daughter a horrible rash now every time she wears one . We have since switched to cloth and will not buy any Pampers product again unless they bring back the old liner . There is also NO absorbent layer on the entire back panel of the diaper ! If DD is laying on her back , it all just comes right out the back side ! They are an inferior product now , but still charging premium prices . I 'd rather buy a store brand at this point , if I were n't totally giving up on disposables altogether ! Very upset about this change . We used to love them , and have been buying them since DD was born - but no more .
 Our daughter graduated from the Swaddlers to the Cruisers . We bought 2 boxes , because we figured she 'll need a lot of diapers . We liked the fit and they did n't leak BUT they left little cotton pieces all over.She started to get mild irritation on her bottom.We contacted Pampers and they sent a coupon for replacement diapers . There was no correspondence from them , just a coupon . We assumed that pack was just defective.We bought another box . It still left cotton . We returned it and bought another . Finally a package that did n't leave cotton pieces ! Yet her irritation changed to a rash covering her whole bottom , her lower abdomen and lower back -LRB- everywhere the diaper touched ... but not in the creases ... -RRB- . We stopped using her wipes , thinking we were wiping off the bits of cotton too hard . Then in a few days her rash had developed further.We thought maybe it was allergies , so I stopped introducing new foods . It persisted , then we thought it was diaper rash due to moisture ; therefore we changed her every hour . We lathered her in diaper rash medications , trying 4 different ones -- none of which worked . We gave her Aveeno baths and the rash would become milder , but would come back just as bad in a few hours . Then a doctor told us it was it was fungal . . yea gross ! Therefore we treated it by applying a topical cream twice a day for weeks . This helped reduce the irritation by half , at least , but it still persisted .3 months we thought of everything , we tried everything for a few days to see if it would go away but nothing seemed to cure it !! Finally , I said that I did n't want to use the diapers at all for a week . We switched to Huggies . Like magic -- I kid you not -- in 2 days the rash was almost completely gone . Today , 4 days later , there was no sign of any irritation at all !! Searching online , I have found other cases of parents having the same problem :-LRB- We are contacting Pampers to see what might be causing this , because she does n't have allergies nor does she have sensitive skin.For those of you that it does n't cause a rash , you are lucky . For others , if you are seeing a rash , I 'd try another brand : -LRB-
 Let me begin by telling you all I have always loved the pampers brand diapers . Since my son was born , i used swaddles and then went onto cruisers . He is 20 months old and I have never had any problems . This last box i ordered has the worst quality of diapers . I think they are just packaging their `` newer '' version in these . These are so thin and i have had leaks since the day my son is using them . I am soooo disappointed.I was just hoping its my box and they are not using this tactic on every box but several of my friends told me about the same issue.I dont mind paying a few cents per diaper more for good quality but this is just ridiculous . I then went out and bought huggies movers and I think once this box finishes , I am just going to convert to huggies .
 I have always used Pampers and LOVED them until two weeks ago . WHAT HAPPENED ? Pampers Cruisers used to be white and have a mesh liner . They were by far the best disposable diaper out there and my daughter never got diaper rash , leaks , or blowouts.Now the diapers have a bluish/purplish tint , have a very strong chemical odor that any sane person would n't get near a baby , and they leak like a generic brand . The worst part is the diaper rash ; my daughter has never been prone to even minor diaper rash and within two changes she was bright red and blistering everywhere the absorbent area was touching her , and she was screaming and squirming when I tried to put another diaper on her . I have tried buying several packages , with the `` Dry Max '' logo and without , and it seems to only be the bluish/purplish tinted diapers that smell strongly of chemicals that cause the bad reaction . This is not specific to my daughter as other reviewers have reported the same reaction.Pampers obviously did not bother to test these before putting them out to the public , and I do n't appreciate my baby being used as a guinea pig for some new toxic absorbency chemical . I am writing this review in the hope that Pampers will listen and change back to their previous and far superior design . Otherwise , I am on the hunt for a new brand of diapers .
 Yes we found out , too , when the new box was delivered . I noticed right away it was so thin and the mesh lining was nowhere to be found . Sigh ... I went to Pampers website and they do n't mention anything . I guess they did n't want to advertise they cut cost . The exterior of box looks the same , too , except the product is no longer the same quality . On Amazon product description diagram , they show the old design with mesh liner , which is no longer there . Pampers cruiser now looks like their cheaper Baby Dry model . We 've been using pampers since my daughter was a newborn , when I tried so many diapers and decided on cruisers . But now we will have to change to something else ! It 's not Amazon 's fault but we will be stopping our diaper subscribe & save , too . Arg ... . So annoying !
 I bought a new box a cruisers and notice right away there was no mesh liner anymore . I have a 9 month old and has always used pampers . I used to love the cruisers but now the new diapers are not as soft and they leak . I suppose Pampers found a way to cut costs .
 ridiculous quality change in cruisers . I loved pampers swaddlers and cruisers , i used them for my son , they were the best and worth the extra money , NOT ANYMORE ! I will never buy them again . we are on a tight budget but i would pay extra for cruisers , not anymore , they leak , they do n't have the mesh lining , they give my boy very bad rashes , it 's horrible ! this is how they treat us loyal customers , swapping quality for trash and charging the same . despicable . save your money until they hear us customers and change back to the quality we 've come to expect and were willing to pay for .
 These are $ 34.99 at Publix grocery store . Plus , you can use coupons at the store . I did n't find anywhere to use them on Amazon .
 I have used Pampers Swaddlers on my baby girl for 16 months with no problems at all . Then , I finally switched to Cruisers -LRB- she 's still small , less than 20 pounds , but is walking so I thought it was time to switch when I ran out of Swaddlers -RRB- . Well , my first problem with the Cruisers is how cheaply they are made ! The `` sticky '' closure tabs are a disaster . In the first package , I must have had at least 5 or 6 that were either missing one or both tabs , or one of the tabs was `` sewn '' down to the diaper and unusable . So frustrating ! I hate throwing away an unworn diaper ! Waste of money and just a waste of a diaper.My daughter also got her very first diaper rash of her entire life within about a week of starting to use the Cruisers . Never had a single problem with any kind of irritation when she was wearing Swaddlers , but now she seems to get them frequently and they are so bad that they make her squirm and writhe and scream in pain , not only when I 'm changing her diaper but any time that she is sitting down while wearing even a slightly dirty/wet Cruisers diaper . I have 3 bags of these left -LRB- luckily I did n't buy a 6-month supply ! -RRB- and I think I will throw them out . It was n't until I read other negative reviews about diaper rashes that I put 2 + 2 together that this must be the cause of my daughter 's horrible rashes . Going to Cruisers is the only change I 've made with her and suddenly she is breaking out in open-sored rashes every week . If I can prevent this agony for her , then it 's good-bye Cruisers !!
 I tried this for my daughter when she started crawling , but it leaves residue -LRB- white diaper gel -RRB-
 I love pampers cruisers and swaddlers . Cloth like , very little leakage , no leaking blue gels , and no stuck together gatherings . Unfortunately , I found out that my second child all the sudden became allergic to Pampers ; I think it 's the new ones with dry weave liners . He started to have red bumps on his bottom everywhere not characteristic of diaper rash -LRB- back , crotch , scrotum -RRB- and will not go away with diaper rash cream , topical antibiotics nor antifungals . I 'm a pediatrician so I was really puzzled . I finally switched him to Huggies and used steroid cream and they went away . I even called Pampers and they told me that the diapers are still the same . ? @ $ # $ I found out that this is not uncommon with Pampers . So moms beware . If your baby comes down with just red bumps everywhere and will not get better with diaper rash crea or antifungals -LRB- nystatin , clotrimazole -RRB- , it might be an allergic reaction .
 quality is much worse than DRY BABY , but much more expensive than that . I think it 's because of manufacture wants reduce costs . The photo of the products not match wtat thay send to you , not BABY EASY GRIPs , BUT `` COMFORT AND FLEXIBLE '' , taht you can find in any BABY RUS sores with price of 40.99 , they give you $ 15 gift card , if you buy two . Anyway , I do n't recommend you to buy thenm in BABYRUS eather , because the poor quality . They do n't absorb much . Also , it is not returnable after you buy it online here .
 I have used Pampers brand since my baby was born and they were great . She is now 17 months and the new change is just horrible . They leak and give her the worst rash . She actually has sores on her bottom ! The rash is so bad that it is now speading to her legs . I would be very leary about purchasing these diapers . My daughter does not have sensitive skin and we have not changed anything . The only thing that changed was the makeup of the diaper itself . I must say they not only cause rashes but they are so CHEAP !!! I will never use again unless they change back to the orignal diapers .
 The new Cruisers leak all the time . I will be switching brands after using Pampers for almost 2 years .
 I bought a box back in October and noticed they had a rough stiff feel to them on the outside and the mesh liner was gone . I was told by P&G that it a was a thing they were trying and not a permanent change . Well , the geniuses at P&G have decided to run with it and it IS a permanent change now - just in time for me to have spent $ 60 on diapers that suck . There is no absorbent material on the backside of the diaper at all , the mesh liner is gone , and they feel stiff instead of soft . I called P&G and spoke with customer relations and emphatically voiced my anger over this move - I have been using these diapers for years on my children and have loved them up until now . These diapers really are horrible . My son has been leaking through the outer liner and I never had that problem before this fall - and I used to let him fill those up pretty far sometimes . My other son is in Swaddlers , and I just bought a new box and they feel stiff too , and there also is no absorbent material on the back of the diaper at all ! How do they expect these to work ?
 I used to be a dedicated Pampers consumer since my baby was born . This last round of pampers diapers were poorly contructedWhen the baby wears them you can see from outside of the diapers that the padding ends much lower than in prevous versions of this diaper . There used to be a mesh on the inside to keep moisture away and that is now gone.My baby is on the low end of the weight requirement for this diaper and they still leak.I have since switched from Pampers .
 Like the other mom reviewer , I always used cruisers . The latest box did not indicate that Proctor and Gamble had altered the product . The new ones with mesh liner are not as aborbent . My son leaked nightly and soaked his clothes and his sheets . This did not happen when we used the original version of Pamper cruisers .
 Like other reviewers , my son also had a terrible rash after we switched from Swaddlers to Cruisers . Our pediatrician had no idea what it was and prescribed an anti-fungal ointment and a hydrocortisone lotion . After more than a week using both , the rash just continued to get worse . We bought a package of Pampers Baby Dry just to see if a different diaper helped , and the rash cleared up within two days . I did n't really believe that it was the Cruisers diapers causing the rash since the Swaddlers and Baby Dry were fine -LRB- all Pampers brand -RRB- , but when we tried using the Cruisers on him again a few weeks later -LRB- we had a ton left over -RRB- the rash came back after just a day . I did a quick search online and found lots of people have this problem . If you use these diapers , watch carefully for a rash and change to a different line of diapers right away if you see it and save your baby the pain and discomfort !
 I continue to use Pamper 's Cruisers but definitely not happily . That being said I 've tried others and they either are too bulky -LRB- Huggies -RRB- or also soak through . I have a dd that has been out of diapers for over 3 years and back then they were great . Now they soak through . They leak , not from the sides but staight from the middle of the diaper . They can not be worn wet for more than a short time b/c they will soak right through . I recently found a size 5 left over from over 3 years ago and this problem did not occur . I definitely do n't remember having this issue . My dd wore them all the time and even through the night , now I have to use Huggies nighttime or the pajamas and crib sheets would all be wet . Very disappointing but I have n't found anything better .
 I have used Pampers brand since my baby was born and they were great . She is now 17 months and the new change is just horrible . They leak and give her the worst rash . She actually has sores on her bottom ! The rash is so bad that it is now speading to her legs . I would be very leary about purchasing these diapers . My daughter does not have sensitive skin and we have not changed anything . The only thing that changed was the makeup of the diaper itself . I must say they not only cause rashes but they are so CHEAP !!! I will never use again unless they change back to the orignal diapers .
 I have always love the pampers cruisers , because they did keep my baby dry and they did n't leak ... not any more Pampers have now taken out the wonderful mesh liner that is still on the picture , and now I ca n't stand them . We live in the high desert and so my daughter drinks more than if we lived anywhere else in the country . Now I have n't had one diaper , no matter how long it is on , that has n't leaked . I am so disappointed . Do n't waste your money , because if you do n't like the baby dry , that is what your paying the higher price for now . I wish I could have given them no stars , used to be 5 .
 I emailed Pampers MONTHS ago and never even received a response . We have been devoted Pampers customers from the beginning -LRB- my son is 2 1/2 -RRB- and I was horrified to see that there was some `` adhesive '' on the baby side of the diaper . It irritated his skin and in that same huge box , several -LRB- a dozen or more -RRB- diapers had the same problem.I am so disappointed , particularly with no response from their customer service .
 We have used Pampers since the day my daughter was born . I am all for spending a little bit more to go for a brand I trust . And who would n't trust Pampers ?! I used Swaddlers and then progressed to Cruisers with the mesh lining and never had a problem with leakage or rashes . In fact I thought it was the best diaper I have ever used . -LRB- I have used another competitor 's diapers once and it always leaked on my daughter -RRB- Then came the day I noticed something was different in the diaper . It just felt different , almost cardboard-like and much thinner . Also the back lining did n't seem to go all the way to the top ! Have I never noticed that ?! Hmm , I did n't have anything to compare it to and diaper changing time is n't the best time to think - speed is crucial !! Afterwards I had a peak at the box it came in and it looked exactly the same as before . A few days later , the same niggling suspicion bugged me , especially after I noticed my daughter seemed to be scratching her back -LRB- where the diaper ends -RRB- a lot more than normal and wondered if something was irritating her skin . I googled it and lo and behold , read about how Pampers has changed the diaper design and took away the mesh lining ! Ohhhh OF COURSE , the mesh lining !!! How could I forget that ?! No wonder it looked different . I then started going through my pile of diapers and the diaper bag and found a couple of spare old diapers and compared them side by side . Now it looks pretty obvious . The mesh lining was gone , the lining stops a few inches before the top of the diaper -LRB- why !? -RRB- , and it does feel thinner . Without the mesh lining , the new diaper felt ` scratchy ' - that is the best way I can describe it . It just looked cheaper and less lush , less padded , and felt more uncomfortable to the touch.Although my daughter had not experienced a rash -LRB- or burn as some moms described their experience -RRB- , which may be because we always put cream on her during a diaper change , we were n't planning on waiting around to find out . Plus I was furious that they deceived us by changing what is in the box of diapers we have grown to love , without any indication whatsoever ! We started educating ourselves about chemicals in diapers and then decided to swap to another brand which does not use bleach in their diapers . We are happier to know that we are putting her in something hopefully safe.Why did Pampers have to change the design of something which was perfect ? Why did they NOT inform the consumers of the change if it was as good as they claim it to be ? Sneaking their best diaper technology YET into old boxes does n't seem like a good marketing strategy , if any . It will take them a long time to earn back the trust of many moms . I know for sure they have lost my business.Please note that most reviews pre-2010 are 5 stars , and rightly so ! However the sheer number of bad reviews dated 2010 is evidence that parents are not happy with the new diapers . Please be cautious and choose what is best for your baby .
 I got some of the old style Pampers diapers without drymax at my shower along with every other brand of diaper . I loved the swaddlers , baby dry and cruisers so I decided to stick with Pampers when I finally needed to buy diapers . I bought the size 3 Cruisers with Drymax and they are actually pretty terrible . There is no leak guard in the rear so i 'm thinking that 's why every time my little boy goes # 2 it comes right out of the back of the diaper ! Needless to say i 'm very disappointed with the new Cruisers . The only thing good about them is they do hold a lot of pee , which is all my baby does through the night , so i 'll keep using them for nighttime only . I 've had absolutely no leaks as far as pee goes .
 They changed the design of the Cruisers diapers . We used to buy Pampers Baby-Dry diapers for day use and Cruisers for night use . The Baby-Dry diapers could n't hold in the wetness all night long but worked great for day use and were cheaper than the Cruisers . Now the new Cruisers can no longer hold in the wetness all night either . We no longer see the advantage of buying the Cruisers over the Baby-Dry diapers . We have n't experienced the diaper rash issue that others have . We 'll continue to buy the Baby-Dry diapers for now , but we wo n't buy the Cruisers anymore . I do n't know why companies feel the need to mess with a great product . I 'm sure it was another bad marketing department decision . They always have to change things to make themselves appear useful ...
 I have been using Pampers for my daughter since the day she was born . I sware by the Pampers brand name . Unfortunately , their new `` mesh '' lining may have caused my now two year old daughter a visit to the emergency room . As it turns out my daughter suffered a serious abrasion to her groin which bled . It was an absolute horrible experience for me and my baby who had to suffer from excruciating pain and discomfort . The ER doctor advised me from staying away from these diapers for the next couple of weeks . Needless to say - we ended up buying Huggies . I 've always trusted Pampers and hope that they will remove the mesh lining as soon as possible .
 We have found this to be a dangerous product ! We have been buying cruisers for a while and then about a month and a half ago , we purchased two large economy packs of the number 5 Cruisers and had horrible problems with exploding diapers . The elastic strip along the leg tears away from the diaper and all the silica material falls out of the diaper . This should not be happening ! We change our baby frequently and he is only 24 lbs and the diapers go up to 35 lbs . One time , we came in to his room and the silica was all over his crib and he was putting it in his mouth ! And it 's not a volume problem because it happens during the day when there is not all that much pee in the diaper . We figured we got a bad batch . When we bought a smaller package from CVS , we did not have this problem , but when we went back to buying the economy size at Target , the silica leaking started to happen again . It is also impossible to get those little sticky things of silica off his bottom and legs and they irritate his skin , so we 've had to dunk him in the tub sometimes twice a day to get it off . If he touches it and then rubs his eyes -LRB- before we realize that there has been another leak -RRB- , it irritates them.I called customer service at Pampers and it was a joke . I told the service person what had happened and how upset I was , and he said that there was no way he could guarantee me a call back . What ? I told him that was totally unacceptable and that this was a defective product . Again , he said he 'd make a note of it but that they get so many calls that I very well may not get a call back . He was right . I did n't . I have since spoken with mothers in my same area -LRB- Chicago -RRB- who have had similar problems and thought they were the only ones . They , too , called Pampers customer service line and were totally ignored . One , like me , had found her little girl with a mouth full of the silica that had come out of the diaper while she was playing . I am now sending a letter to the Consumer Product Safety Commission . If you have had similar problems with the elastic seam separating from the diaper so that the silica comes out the side , * please * call Pampers and complain . If they do nothing , contact the product safety commission or e-mail your local product safety TV news reporter to do a story on this . Pampers is totally unresponsive to a very real problem . How many kids have to ingest silica before they address this problem ?
 I 've been using Pampers ' Cruisers for my baby eversince she was borned . The absorbent was great and nice Sesame Street Characters . However , I feel very disappointed due to the product is not consistant . First , they changed the quality of the outside layer of the diaper becomes thinner and look cheap . -LRB- It was used to be thick and soft -RRB- . Second , they changed the liner in MESH TYPE . The absorbent is terrible and my baby had diaper rash because of the rough mesh liner . How rough it is ? The mesh liner is similar as the sport pant 's liner . Also , the new generation of Pampers ' Cruiser becomes thinner and less absorbence . I have no idea why they modified the product becomes so cheap and bad quality . To be honest , it is the reason for me to switch to Huggie 's Supreme . As a consumer , I would like to buy the product because of their quality consistancy . Why would the consumer spent more money on the diaper ? Because they want better quality and outstanding product to have a peace of mind !! Think twice when you are planning to buy the Pampers ' Cruisers now !
 When my son was first born , we tried both Pampers Swaddlers and Huggies size 0 -LRB- whatever they 're called -RRB- , and we settled on Swaddlers . Then , we won a year 's supply of Huggies , so obviously , we used those throughout my son 's first year . Now that supply is gone , and I decided to try Pampers Cruisers for a change.Oh my g-d , I 'm seeing things that I NEVER saw with Huggies - there 's silica crumbs all over the diaper area almost at every diaper change . I have to take him into the sink and wash it out with water at every diaper change . I did n't change the frequency of my diaper changes , it 's the same time interval that I used with HuggiesTrue , they do n't leak , but Huggies never leaked either , so when this pack is finished , I 'll go back to Huggies.I 've never had silica leak out of a Huggie diaper , in my opinion that 's just dangerous and should n't be around a baby 's privates
 Product is good and acceptable . However for the price of the produce it 's not work it.Material used is not suitable for Kids of this age .
 The product from Pampers is great . We bought this online to avoidhassles to rush into local stores.However , the shipping is really disappointing . First , I do n't think theyeven bother to ring the bell at our gate before leaving a notice . After their secondnotice on Fri. , we called them asking about the package and they told uswe could pick up -LRB- ~ 10 miles away -RRB- . On Sat . we called themagain that we wanted them to deliver on Mon instead of picking up ourselves.But nothing happened until Mon. afternoon , we called again and they couldnot locate our request to deliver
 Love the product but dont get it on Amazon . The same value pack -LRB- 124 pieces -RRB- costs only $ 29.89 at BJ 's .
 It is very tricky because you would think is the same size of box what Babiesrus sells and sounds like such a good price for it but when you get it delivered you see that is way less quantity then you used to buy your value pack pampers , so my advice for other purchasers is to pay attention to the quantity before you think is a good deal .
 These diapers are the most awfulest things I think I ever bought for my baby . I received a lot of the `` swaddler '' size for my baby shower and I tried to use them for about 3 weeks before my pediatrician pinpointed it as the source of the relentless diaper rash my son had pretty much from birth . Stopped using them and lo and behold , diaper rash gone . Fast forward 3 months later when my son was hospitalized for a week and these were the only diapers the hospital supplied . Figuring that my son was older , maybe they would n't do as much harm . Wrong . The rash came back with a vengeance . I had to get diapers from home for the rest of the stay . I think it 's because they are lightly scented with green dye inside . Definitely stay away if your child has sensitive skin !
 I have n't received the 30 $ coupon for purchasing pampers diaper for more than 99 $ . It has been told May we will receive the coupons . But so far I have n't recived it like other people .
 I love these diapers and they were a good deal at $ 7.49 however the price increased to $ 10.49 overnight . Now it is much cheaper to buy them at Target or the grocery store .
 This used to be a good deal for buying Cruisers -LRB- especially with the free shipping over $ 25 -RRB- . But now the price has jumped from $ 7.49 to $ 10.49 overnight . It is much cheaper to buy diapers at a local store .
 Swaddlers by pampers were excellent . However when my 4 month old graduated to size 3 , I ordered cruisers and just half way thru the box she has developed very very bad rashes . I read the reviews on Huggies and found that many other people have had the same experience . Its just two days since I have started using Huggies and the rashes have alreay gone .
 Wow !! Many of the comments above sound like commercials . For the most part this is a good diaper . Leaks are quite rare and my 10 month old seems very comfortable in it . BUT , we have had about half a dozen diapers leak the silica . 2 of the diapers leaked so badly that we spent nearly an hour cleaning the changing station . Not only that , the silica comes out like a soft gel , and is extremely hard to clean . And of course , our biggest concern has been safety . How safe is that gel if the baby accidentally consumes it ? Judging from what i 've found online on this problem , Pampers does n't seem to care.When this diaper works , it 's great ; when it fails , it fails quite spectacularly !
 Who designed the shape of Pamper diapers ? I feel it is the worst shape for a diaper . Its tab is far blow waist position , which induces my son leaking poos from back and leaking pees from sides . To avoid leaking , I have to tightly package him , which induce red inprint on his legs . I bought Huggies diapers and Especially for Baby diapers for my son . He seems comfortable in them . Most important , no leaking happens any more ! My son weight only 15 lbs .
 Cruisers were great . No complaints . Now suddenly , the mesh liner is gone , and when my son urinates , it smells like a CHEMICAL PLANT . I 'm not kidding . These are the worst , cheapest things ever . And they did n't even change the packaging . I am so angry -- clearly they just wanted to save a buck , but the smell of these things ? VILE . I have compared the old and `` new '' side by side -- old
 Pampers have pulled a bait and switch ! They have changed this product for the absolute worse with no warning to the consumer !! No more mesh lining ! Which kept the moisture off your babies skin . The inner liner has been basically cut to half its original size ! No longer does the liner go all the way up the back ! Which was important for poops etc. . Also the inner liner does not absorb anywhere near what it did before ! This allows for MANY leakthroughs ! And finally the over all softness of the diaper inside and out has been changed to a stiff papery generic type feel ! BUYER BEWARE !! They still charge premium price for this serious downgrade ! shame on you ! PARENTS UNITE !! AEDANSDAD22908
 Pampers has changed this diaper . I have been buying Pampers for 4 years and have gone through thousands of their diapers . I bought a box on Friday and could tell immediately that they were different . My dd has leaked through 6 of the 10 diapers we used from this box . The mesh liner that used to be in these is no longer there ! We have tried to contact Pampers , but have had no luck yet . We returned the box to the store and are now trying to find a new brand of diapers . I am so disappointed !
 Pampers has taken the best , highest quality diaper on the market & made it one of the worst , cheapest diapers on the market . There are many downgrades to the Cruisers that have me very angry :1 -RRB- They seem to be made of construction paper-they are VERY stiff , cheap & papery -LRB- the old cruisers used to be very soft -RRB- 2 -RRB- No more mesh liner to wick away moisture ! This has proven to cause many diaper rash on many babies -LRB- this is from feedback from other parents I know -RRB- 3 -RRB- 5 inches of paper in the back of the diaper
 I tried these diapers for the first time a week and a half ago , and now my son has the most severe rash that I 've ever seen . He never had any problems with the normal pampers but as soon as I switched hie broke out . I 've been putting cream on him , and that does n't even help . Luckily he is going to the doctors tomorrow . I would n't have even know the cause , had there not been a news story today about this brand causing rashes in lots of babies . I will no longer be using Pampers brand diapers .
 When my son was born three years ago I tried seven brands of diapers , from store brands to name brands and finally stuck with Pampers because they leaked the least and he tended to have less blow-outs with them . I loved the mesh because I felt like it helped protect his bottom . In two and a half years he only got two minor diaper rashes . When my daughter was born I again went with Pampers because I trusted the quality of the brand . When I switched from the swaddlers to the cruisers I bought a huge box and when I opened it I thought I had made a mistake in my purchase as the diaper was completely different from the old cruiser , however the box looked exactly the same . After using the box and buying another to make sure I had not made a mistake , I was disappointed to see that they had changed the diaper without saying so on the box . After about two days of using the new cruiser 's , my daughter got her first diaper rash and it was a bad one . Since then she has had three bad rashes . I truly think it is the new design . Supposedly this new diaper is improved and fantastic , but I think it sucks . The only difference is that it does n't sag as much as the old cruiser . This to me is not worth the diaper rashes . My next box of diapers will be a different brand and I again will have to search to find a diaper that will work well for my daughter without giving her the blistery-red blotchyness . I am so disappointed in the change and will not be buying them again .
 I 've used Pampers since my son was born ... and I 've always liked them better than any other brand . He 's now 3 and although we are working on potty training he still needs to wear a diaper at night . I 've never had any problems until they changed the design and now he wakes up wet every morning . They leak like crazy !!! I will be looking for another brand ASAP !
 I have had a terrible experience with Pamper 's Cruisers . My daughter is 14 months old and has only had one serious rash -LRB- a result of strong antibiotics -RRB- . I had never used pamper 's cruisers until last week . I had a coupon and thought I would give it a try . In less than a week my daughter broke out in the worse rash I had ever seen ! There were open blisters and nothing I tried seemed to provide her any relief . My Aunt happened to see a story on the news about the diapers so I switched back to my generic brand -LRB- Target diapers are great , by the way -RRB- and within 48 hours her rash was almost completely cleared up . I am convinced it was the diapers that caused the reaction .
 I HAVE BOUGHT MANY BOXES OF PAMPERS FOR 42 DOLLARS FROM AMAZON . TO SELL THEM FOR 59 IS HIGHWAY ROBBERY . SHAME ON YOU AMAZON
 I was using only Pampers brand , first Swaddlers and then Cruisers since my daughter was born in 2008 . Several months ago she developed stubborn rash and started leaking . Only after reading reviews today and closely examining a diaper I realized that the design was changed . Now I need to find another diaper brand that will work well , and it 's a headache . I do n't give a damn if this new design is better for the environment , but I do care about my daughter . I 'm very disappointed.An update -LRB- 04/22/2010 -RRB-
 I have used Pampers on my baby since she was a newborn . I do n't know why Pampers changed the cruisers . It used to be soft , have a great cover lining and be very absorbent.Now they are very papery , they took out the lining and it takes minutes for the diaper to absorb the pee . Also , the absorbent material goes only half way up the diaper.So disappointed ! Just bought a 180 ct box ...
 I was fan of pampers till i was using swaddlers.As soon as it was time for cruisers , nops.They claim `` try it overnight '' . I say it ca n't stand it even for a a couple of hrs.I can see tits and bits of cotton or whatever it is on my baby .
 Like many of the previous posters , I have been using Pampers since my son was born almost two years ago . The new ones are terrible . They leak to the point that my son wakes up because he 's soaking wet every night -LRB- necessitating a diaper and pajama change , which completely wakes him up , so it takes a good hour or two before he settles down and goes back to sleep -RRB- . I 'm hugely disappointed , have contacted Pampers Customer Service but no response yet . In the meantime , am also searching for a new diaper .
 Even on sale at Amazon , this is not one of the better prices I 've found on these diapers . Even at regular price , they are $ 9 - $ 10 at Wal-Mart and with a coupon , you can purchase them for $ 7 - $ 9 depending on the coupon . The diapers are great , the prices are not .
 I love Pampers Cruisers and ordered some a few weeks ago when the price was low . I STILL have n't recieved the diapers ! It 's taking forever ! I checked back and I ca n't believe the price increase . I wo n't be buying these here anymore ... WalMart it is !
 Normally the diapers are great . However , over the past year and from multiple stores - including 4 boxes we just bought on Amazon - we have had issues with the Economy Pack -LRB- or whatever it 's called -RRB- . At least half , if not more , of the diapers are defective and my children wake up in the morning with the little absorbing beads all loose , the diaper split open , and a big giant mess . Not to mention a real pain to clean up . We still use these Cruisers , but we buy them in the smaller packs , not this Economy Pack .
 We started ordering pampers from Amazon a few months ago , when Pampers were $ 7.49 a pack . Why all the sudden the $ 3.00 price increase ? That is a huge and unfair rate increase , and makes ordering online no longer a savings . I can get a better price at Meijer -LRB- $ 9.49 -RRB- , and that 's BEFORE I use coupons . It 's disappointing that this product will no longer be offered at a good price . No incentive to come to Amazon and shop anymore . What a shame . Hopefully enough people who express concern can help make a change . I 'll be glad to come back to Amazon when the great price comes back .
 I bought my diapers here for months and months ! I ca n't believe you 've raised prices this high !! Absolutely ridiculous !! I 'll go back to Walmart where I can use coupons ! Thanks , anyway !
 $ 7.49 to $ 10 + is ridiculous . I 'll go back to buying diapers at Walmart and other grocery stores . You 'll lose a LOT of sales with this , Amazon !
 I use to buy my pampers here on amazon , but since they have raised the price to over $ 3 per package in the last month , I will be getting mine from Wal-Mart , shame on Amazon for rising the price . At least they are cheaper at Wal-Mart and I can use my manufacturer coupon at Wal-Mart . Perhaps if Amazon would lower the price again , I would shop from Amazon again ... SHAME ON AMAZON !!! LOWER THE PRICE !!!
 Like the other reviewers , I have bought diapers from Amazon for months . Now , I will be going to local grocery and discount tore for them instead . A $ 3 price increase in less than a month is CRAZY to say the least . I hope that everyone shows Amazon and does n't buy these diapers from them at such a crazy inflated price !
 My son is 13 months old and I bought a pack of these because I had a coupon . Bad Idea ! My son usually wears Luvs . I 've never had a problem with Luvs . The first night i let my son sleep in Pampers there was pee everywhere . I will Never buy them again . Luvs for life !
 If your planning on buying Pampers Cruisers , or any other diaper , from Amazon ... DO N'T !! By the time they ship it , your baby will have grown into the next size diaper . Ordered Pampers on April 1st . As of April 22 , they had n't even shipped them yet . Makes you wonder if maybe this free shipping idea is a loss leader ?? Do n't waste your time with free shipping . Furthermore , do n't waste your time with paying shipping either . I 'll bet you anything your paying too much for the item + shipping anyway !!
 Half of the diapers burst open spilling the diaper pellets EVERYWHERE . Amazon credited me $ 10 . Not much comfort considering I spent $ 60 on the boxes of diapers . They told me that they were aware of the problem . I would have ordered a different diaper if I knew about the problem ahead of time .
 I had Huggies for my daughter since she was born and I was very pleased but a friend recommended Cruiser 's so I decided to try . The first difference I noticed was the gel , it was like `` fluffier '' so with a little liquid the gel got bulky . The second was that her skin felt wet all the time . So with this 2 issues price/quantity convenience just vanished because I had to change much more often -LRB- like 10 to 12 times a day -RRB- . The worst was that after the first week of use she had a very bad diaper rash . Since we changed diapers brand and formula at the same time we did n't know for sure what was the cause , and the pediatrician told me that changes in food could cause poop and urine PH change . So I started changing diapers even more frequently and using tons of baby ointment and she got better . The next week the rash appeared again , and again i used a lot of ointment in every change but nothing happened . I changed ointment and rash was getting so bad she cryied on every bowel movement and screamed on every pee , and one day the sores even started to bled . Finally I decided it was too much and went back to huggies , she started to heal an the rash dissappeared within a week .
 i have always used pampers . i was even currently using pampers cruisers . when i received this box of diapers , all was normal . Until my daughter peed in the diaper . After she peed , it smelled like poop and left her raw . EVERY diaper i put on her out of that box did this to her . i have NEVER had any problems with pampers before . something is terribly wrong with that batch of diapers .
 Initially I was excited to find the `` jumbo '' box of pampers available online - I live in Manhattan and ca n't easily make it to a Costco/Sam 's / BJs/Price Club . However , the price on this item is n't as good of a deal as when they first started offering it . In fact , I get a bettter price `` per diaper '' using our local online grocer . Do the math before you buy !
 I have always ordered diapers from Amazon ... The past 2 times , the diapers have been old and sticking together -LRB- apparently from heat -RRB- ... Upset at the lack of quality these days !
 Great product , ok price , but the delivery is unreliable . We had some fast deliveries before , but it 's getting worse lately . Our last order has not been shipped after more than two weeks , and the estimated shipping date is in another week . If you need the diapers within a month , think about buying them somewhere else .
 I have been buying diapers on Amazon for several months and all of a sudden in the last couple weeks they increased the price by THREE DOLLARS ! No longer is this the best solution to buy diapers . Go to Target -- They are cheaper there and take the pampers $ 1 off coupon that is in the paper almost weekly . BOOO on AMAZON for a ridiculous price increase . The grocery store even has a better price than this ! The Diapers are the best out there .
 I was disappointed in these diapers . Pampers Cruisers are still the only diaper I will ever buy , but will make sure they are not the ones like these with the mesh liner . They are thinner , smaller , and less absorbent . These are a cheap imitation of the original Pampers Cruisers .
 I have been buying diapers on Amazon for several months and all of a sudden in the last couple weeks they increased the price by THREE DOLLARS ! No longer is this the best solution to buy diapers . Go to Target -- They are cheaper there and take the pampers $ 1 off coupon that is in the paper almost weekly . BOOO on AMAZON for a ridiculous price increase . The grocery store even has a better price than this !
 Internal surface greed , for keep cotton absorber on place , do not hold cotton fibers propertly , a lot of it sleep on my doghter skin after usage of this dipers . Can be used with limitation . Absorbtion abilities is outstanding .
 the cost of these diapers are way more than you would pay at any local retailer or national chain ... then to use a coupon on top of that ... wow what a difference . Save your money and shipping costs and go to Target . Do price per diaper comparisons and you would be surprised how much diapers cost and how to save money !!
 Love the diapers ... used to pay $ 7.49 ... with 2 kids in diapers ... forget $ 70/month at amazon . At $ 10.49 a pack , my money goes back to Costco .
 We were given these dipes as gifts from our friends for our twin boys . We had always used huggies with our first , but they were free so we tried them . They left a HORRIBLE rash on my red-headed son 's bottom . We were going through SO many diapers a day -LRB- 24 or more , let the environmentalists cringe -RRB- so it was NOT a matter of poor changing habits . It was not the breast milk . I know for a fact the diapers caused this rash because the rash was checkerboard looking like the mesh liner . It was insane ! We spent over $ -LSB- ... -RSB- in OTC rash creams and eventually had to get two prescriptions from the doctor to clear it up because once the skin is broken it becomes much harder to heal since the area is constantly being aggravated with nitrogenous waste . We now will use huggies supreme OR pampers baby dry ... no problems with those . My friend 's red-headed daughter had the exact same thing happen , so I 'm thinking parents of kids with sensitive skin might want to think twice about buying a huge pack of these .
 Once my daughter started to walk I knew I had to change to a diaper that had a better fit since she was moving more . I decided to try the cruisers . They had a perfect fit , did n't leak and were a reasonable price . I never had a problem with them until recently . I noticed they put a new mesh lining . I thought , okay they are trying to make the product better , why not . Then I started to notice how the mesh lining would stick to my daughters behind . She has been constently pulling the back of her diaper . I tried to stick with it and keep using the cruiser but this week I noticed another difference . There are new tiny beads inside the diaper lining . I noticed that the beads were bunching up in certain areas and when barely wet it looks like she is wearing a heavy soiled diaper . Barely wet or not the mesh has also been leaving an impression all over . The mesh does nothing but stays wet !!! If it did the absorbing it would n't leave an impression on her . This diaper used to be the best but the new changes are bad , I wish that pampers would go back to the way it was ! Now I have to go through the hassle of finding a better diaper .
 I have been using Pampers for my daughter since the day she was born . I sware by the Pampers brand name . Unfortunately , their new `` mesh '' lining may have caused my now two year old daughter a visit to the emergency room . As it turns out my daughter suffered a serious abrasion to her groin which bled . It was an absolute horrible experience for me and my baby who had to suffer from excruciating pain and discomfort . The ER doctor advised me from staying away from these diapers for the next couple of weeks . Needless to say - we ended up buying Huggies . I 've always trusted Pampers and hope that they will remove the mesh lining as soon as possible .
 I have been using Pampers for my daughter since the day she was born . I sware by the Pampers brand name . Unfortunately , their new `` mesh '' lining may have caused my now two year old daughter a visit to the emergency room . As it turns out my daughter suffered a serious abrasion to her groin which bled . It was an absolute horrible experience for me and my baby who had to suffer from excruciating pain and discomfort . The ER doctor advised me from staying away from these diapers for the next couple of weeks . Needless to say - we ended up buying Huggies . I 've always trusted Pampers and hope that they will remove the mesh lining as soon as possible .
 So I received the new `` dry max '' diapers and yes , like the other reviewers are saying they have the look and feel of your average , cheap generic brand diaper with the old pampers price . Not exactly a soft and comfortable diaper like the old pampers . It 's a bummer to have to look for a new brand of something I have n't given a second thought about for the last 8 months . Many are asking `` why would pampers do this ? '' Here are my thoughts on the issue . As you may have noticed , there has been a major global economic downturn . Proctor & Gamble -LRB- makers of Pampers -RRB- has traditionally sold high-end products at a premium price -LRB- think Tide , crest , Pantene , Duracell , etc -RRB- . The economy has forced many people to switch to cheaper brands , leaving P&G with billions in losses and over 3 % decline in revenue in 2009 . Bob McDonald , the new CEO of P&G , came in with guns blazing with a plan to increase profits -LRB- see USAToday 's article `` Proctor & Gamble Looks Beyond U.S. Borders '' -RRB- . In the case of Pampers , he was left with a choice to increase profits
 I just wanted to let people know that these diapers , while they fit my son very well , caused a horrible diaper rash that would not go away until we switched diaper brands completely.My little boy has not had any other reactions or rashes , so I do n't think it 's just sensitive skin , but once we had to go to cruisers from swaddlers , he started having a mild diaper rash . After a week , we took him to the Doctor , and they told us to try one prescription ... it got better for a while , then came back horribly . . we tried changing him many times a day because we thought it was just because we were n't changing him enough , and I think that actually made it worse . . little red raw rash blisters all over his bottom . We tried switching formulas and foods too , in the meantime ... but back to the Dr , more prescriptions now . This time they do n't help much at all , and then he started having allergic reactions elsewhere , on his back and his eye got puffy , so we rushed him back the doctor because we thought he was really sick , and one of the nurses suggested we switch diapers when she saw the cruisers ... so we ran by walmart and got a few packs of cheap diapers to try , and viola ! Diaper rash is almost completely gone after one day in white cloud diapers . We tried a couple more off brands and no irritation ... then just to check we used one of the cruisers we had left , and Bam . One diaper , new rash bumps . We threw the rest out.I know that some people do n't have any trouble with these , but please be aware that if your child has a persistent rash , it could be these diapers . It 's something to keep in mind .
 My daughter had serious diaper rash when wearing these diapers . I thought I have gotten the old version . Then it turns out the new Dry Max in the old box . What a sneaky way to cheat the customers ! Do n't they think we can tell ?!
 The only reason these diapers received even one star from me is because I did n't have a choice of zero stars . I used to be devoted to Pampers diapers ... they were by far the best diaper on the market . I used the new DryMax Cruisers for only 2 days because my son came out in a horrible red rash , which only got better once I stopped using these diapers -LRB- I switched to Huggies # . There is a Facebook group called ` Pampers Bring Back the Old Cruisers/Swaddlers ' if anyone is interested in checking it out ... over 2750 members , many of whom are alleging that the new Pampers have caused their babies to suffer rashes/chemical burns . Link is below :[ ... -RSB- WHY HAVE PAMPERS NOT ISSUED A RECALL YET , DESPITE THOUSANDS OF PARENTS NOW ALLEGING THAT THE DIAPER IS CAUSING RASHES & CHEMICAL BURNS TO THEIR BABIES ?????? I 'm so disgusted with Pampers treatment of its -LRB- once loyal -RRB- customers that I 'm not sure I 'd go back to them even if they brought back the old Swaddlers/Cruisers now ... what an arrogant and out of touch management team they have at Pampers ...
 These diapers are supposed to be for moving babies and in that respect they are pretty good . However , they do not withstand much liquid in them before they start filtering through .
 I did n't find that these are worth the extra money that you pay . After wearing these for 2 days , my daughter developed a pretty nasty diaper rash . After about a week and a half of not clearing up , I decided to put her back in some Huggies . Her rash cleared up within 2 more days . That is not why I am giving them such low marks though . EVERY morning , my daughter would be drenched from the Cruisers leaking ! We did n't and still do n't have that problem with the Huggies . I will save myself grief and money and stick with the good old Huggies .
 Pay careful attention to the number of diappers included in this value box ! It is smaller than the normal box you usually get from other stores or from amazon , thus the price is not really cheap.I purchased the No 3 Cruisers value box from amazon twice , one box came with 160 diapers , and one came with 116 diapers
 Today is the 2nd day we have been using this diaper but we already washed the crib sheet twice . It leaks a lot ! What makes it worse is it irritates my kid 's skin . Everytime after I put it on , she starts to scream and cry . We just ordered 2 boxes from Amazon . Now we have to go buy some other diapers .
 A Christmas gift for my daughter and her 3 children -LRB- 6-9 -RRB- -LRB- purchased elsewhere -RRB- . They faithfully put in coins , saving for a special treat . The kids loved to operate it and their mom loved that it taught them about money and about saving together.After 3-1/2 weeks they 'd saved $ 9.55 and were very excited that soon it would open . And then it jammed . Daughter contacted the company and they sent a replacement . That one jammed after even fewer coins were deposited . When daughter contacted the company again , she received no reply.Considering what this bank costs , it 's a very poor buy . My brother and I had one of the original ones , back in the 50 's . It lasted for years . I feel like I wasted my money and my daughter and grandchildren were very disappointed . Much as we all loved the concept , I ca n't afford to try buying another .
 My son patiently put all of his money in there until it read $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . It is supposed to unlock the money at this point but it did n't , and there is no other way to get the money out . When I called the company to ask for help they told me to smash the bank with a hammer ! This is a terrible toy .
 Gave this to my 7 year old great nephew for Christmas . It jammed up and now does n't work ... it worked for only three weeks . I bought it because it was all metal and it should have lasted longer than that . There does n't seem to be a way to get into the bank to unjam it and I ca n't find the company address to write to ask if there is a way to unjam it.The rating would n't let me give it a zero ... that does n't seem right.I do n't think I would give it to a little kid . Would work better for an adult who did n't really use it too much .
 Put this on my registry and did receive it as a gift . One of the receivers when I put the battery in it started to burn and almost exploded the battery . The reception is full of static all throughout the house . I contacted the company and this is where I gave at least 1 star - they sent Fed Ex to pick it up to replace it , unfortuently I was giving birth when they came so I am in the process of contacting them to do this . But I am very worried about the product and will be buying a different brand anyway . I do not want to take any chances .
 Let me say that again - I HATE IT !!!!!! Last night , I just moved from right to left in front of the receiver and I made it make static noises . It picks ME up as static . NOw , I 'm NOT talking about being in the nursery - I 'm talking about the RECEIVER ! In addition , the receiver we have downstairs in the living room , after I turn it on , it 's staticky too . So I have to actually SHAKE the thing to make it stop picking up whatever interference it 's picking up . Nice . Not to mention the receivers fall over all the time b/c they 're so light weight , the weight of their cord alone tips them over . Argh . I 'm going to buy another one this week .
 I got this monitor as a christmas gift as our 3 month old is now ready to move from the bassinet in our room to her own crib . The room is only right down the hall , but its hard to hear her crying over the fan my husband and I need to sleep . We set the monitor up in her room and made sure it was the only thing plugged into the outlet . We also removed any phones from her room or anything else we thought might interfere . Nothing worked ... the receiver in our room is ALL static and very nerving . We tried the different channel and changed hers as well , but no luck . We turned off our computers and cell phones , but nothing . . just STATIC . I dont know if there is just too much interference as we live in downtown Chicago surrounded by many apartments and condo buildings , but regardless ... this monitor just didnt work for us . I think it just depends on where you live . Maybe I need a 900MHz one , we 'll see .
 This product is horrible . When we first plugged it in it worked ok . Within hours we were getting horrible static . We tried all different places in our house to plug it in and it did n't get any better . We finally found two places where the static is n't THAT bad and we now leave the monitors there , plugged in and turned on ALL the time ! One night , when the baby was fussing and my husband was trying to get some sleep , I turned of the monitor in the babies room and we found out that the recievers will then pick up a country radio station ! Maybe that 's the cause of the static . Horrible product . Do not waste your money unless you like to be disappointed or if you like to return products to the stores !
 Go for a 900MHz or 2.4 GHz model - the 49MHz models pick up too much interference from your house power . I really hate static ... everything else about this monitor is just fine , but I bet you will be happier in the long run spending $ 10 more on a higher MHz model .
 We received this monitor as a gift . Our son is only 4 months old and the night light in the first one stopped working . Safety First did replace it at no charge to us but the second unit is all static .
 I registered for this monitor and received as a gift . It started out with a little static in the beginning and I just thought that was `` normal '' . It just became worse . Our daughter is now 15 mths and it finally gave out about 2 months ago . We 're expecting another and wo n't waste our money on another one like this .
 We brought this monitor home and it didnt work the second we had it in the house . There was so much static and it cut out . I threw it away because my dad bought us a good monitor with a temperature and humidity reading and it works well .
 This monitor has been nothing but trouble for me ! I 've now been through 3 receivers & instead of contacting the company yet again for a replacement I 'm just going to the store to buy a completely different one today . I 've only had it for 2 months and the receivers have all shorted out on me -LRB- when I press the volume dial in , it comes back on , but I have to fool with it and it will often go out again -RRB- . The company replaced the system once for me , and their customer service was great - that 's why I 'll give it two stars . The last straw was yesterday when I had the monitor on -LRB- or so I thought -RRB- , and I walked to the back of the house to put some laundry away & I heard my 10 week old son crying his eyes out when I got near his door . When I went to get him he had obviously been crying for quite a while . Obviously I ca n't trust this monitor at all . I 'll be at the store today buying a different one ! I also had issues with the light blinking constantly like strobe light if I do n't touch it exactly right . Very annoying !
 I wanted to like this monitor . I really did . We got the Fisher Price Sounds n Lights as a gift and exchanged it for this one because we thought the night light -LRB- glow -RRB- feature on this one was a nice touch . It was , except that the light kept flashing on and off . Maybe it was a defective switch . Maybe it 's the poor design - the on/off switch is on the bottom of the unit , so if you do n't have this thing sitting just right , it 'll turn the glo light on and off . After a few frustrating attempts at getting it set right , we figured it just was n't worth the trouble . It 's back at the store now and the Fisher Price unit is back home.As far as reception goes , it was ok . The Fisher Price seems a tad clearer - but that might just be me .
 This monitor does not work . I have n't been able to hear anything through it except static . I have n't been able to make the static stop and it is impossible to hear my baby cry through the static . My husband and I have tested it to see if we can hear each other from differnt places around the house and we ca n't . I suggest finding another brand .
 We received three different moniters at our baby shower and decided on this one . We did not set it up until the baby was born , otherwise , we would have known how horrible this product was . You can not hear the baby over the static . It is so loud , it is nearly impossible to get to sleep at night . If my husband would n't have thrown out the box to this product , it would be returned back to the store ASAP . Please , do not leave the safety of your new baby in the hands of this horrible , full of loud static , product !!!
 We received this monitor as a shower gift . I can hear my son crying myself before I can hear him on the monitor ! There is SO MUCH static we do n't even bother with it any more . We just leave the door open a little and keep an ear out . Do n't waste your money or some one elses !
 My husband and I chose this monitor and then received it as a shower gift and seemed to work okay at first but the longer we had it the worse the static was . We tried replacing the batteries and that did n't work . Our daughter is only 3 months and we had to go out and get a new monitor . One of them completely stopped working altogther and the other barely worked . I do not recommend this monitor !
 After reading all of the positive reviews my husband and I registered for this monitor and did receive it as a shower gift , we liked the 2 receivers and the nightlight not to mention what seemed to be a good value with regard to price . WRONG !!! When we first set up the monitor a few weeks before our son was born it seemed to work fine , so we threw the box away . If you get this monitor save the box , you will be glad you did !!! The first few days that our son was home the monitor seemed to work fine . THere was a lot of static if you turned the volume up to high , it could only be turned up about half . BUt as the days go by the monitor produces more and more static . We also have tried all of the trouble shooting advice in the instructions to no avail . NEw batteries , different position , different channel , plugged in , nothing changes the awful static or high pitched squeling noises that come from the receivers . Our son is two weeks old and today we are going to buy a new monitor . ONe of the receivers does not even work at all now . Day by day the monitor made more static and worked less and less , the last day we used it , it sounded like our baby was 50 feet from the monitor you could barely hear him crying when he woke . We basically have an expensive night light , which is really dissapointing .
 After using these monitors for only five months , the volume broke . We could only turn them up full blast or not hear anything at all . A waste of money .
 I bought this monitor after reading so many wonderful reviews praising it for superior clarity and sound . However the only superior feature I found is ability to pickup all background static and not to pickup single sound the baby makes .
 This monitor stinks . My bed is just on the other side of the wall from my son 's crib and I still ca n't count on this thing . It actually stops working during the night .
 We received this monitor as a shower gift . we loved the idea of having the -LRB- 2 -RRB- hand held units . WEll I have to say after only using the monitor for -LRB- 4 -RRB- months , all we now hear is static , and NOT a baby crying . It has caused a number of sleepless nights wandering if the monitor is working , is the baby crying , and is this static ever going to stop?I would definetly NOT recomend this product to anyone who truelly wants to monitor their child .
 I got this monitor as a shower gift . I registered for it because it was supposed to be a good monitor and it had the dual receivers . All we get is static . We ca n't hear anything from the baby 's room , no matter where we are in the house . I really would not recommend this monitor system .
 I bought the Safety 1st Safe Glow Monitor late last year . Now it switches off in the middle of the night without warning . I ca n't help but wonder how many times my daughter has woken up crying and I did n't hear her because I was depending on this thing ??? I tried to call Safety 1st to ask them about and was asked to jump through hoops in order to get a replacement for this cheap monitor . You will be asked to fax your receipt along with your information . They verify it and then ask you to mail certain parts from the unit . Finally they will send you a check or voucher to replace it . NOT worth my time . I 've already told them that I am going to buy another monitor , but it will NOT be a Safety 1st product .
 When we first got this monitor set , the receivers would randomly screech out loud static which was really super . But then they would n't , when they were n't working at all . Sometimes they would just turn off , but you could get them to work with a vigorous shake , jiggle of the wire in the jack , or a slap against your palm . Great.So we contacted Safety 1st and they sent us a new set . This set is n't as crappy as the 1st set but there is a lot of interference that comes and goes - worse with one of the recievers than the other and at random intervals . As the fearless GW Bush said
 This monitor worked great for 6 months and then the static started . There is so much static we can not hear our son cry . I 've emailed the company so we 'll see if they respond . Please only buy this product if you only need it for a short time .
 We received this monitor as a baby shower gift , and have never heard anything but static . We will hear the baby crying through the walls , but only static on the monitor . We have tried changing the channel , rearranging the receivers and monitor , even tried making bunny ears for the receiver out of foil ! Nothing but static .
 This has to be absolutely the worst baby monitor ever . It is extremely suseptable to electrostatic interference . The only sound it puts out is a constant high-pitched whine with intermitted levels of static . The more items you have plugged in -LRB- TV , lamp , coffee maker -RRB- the worse the noise gets.The noise to baby sounds ratio is terrible so we have to have turn up the whine and static even higher to hear him . This noise permiates the entire house.We had no idea this was wrong until we heard -LRB- or did n't hear -RRB- our friend 's Fisher Price moniter . It was dead silent unless their son made noise . I ca n't wait to get our Fisher Price moniter so I can throw this one in the trash !
 We could hear our babies music playing from our bedroom with our own ears , however using the monitor all we could hear was the neighbor 's baby crying.We tried to change the channel -LRB- there are 2 to choose from -RRB- , but it did n't work . Also the base sits on the on/off button so it kept turning itself off . We 're exchanging it this weekend for another brand .
 We registered this monitor because it was 2.4 ghz and I thought it would be better than a 900 mhz monitor . All I get is static and our bedroom is right across the hall from my daughters . Now I ca n't return it to babies r us because I do n't have a receipt and it has been longer than 60 days . I am stuck with a monitor that does n't work .
 It does n't work . I played with it plugging it into 4 different plugs trying to get it to work and all it is , is loud and FUZZY !! I will be bringing it back . What a waste of time and money !
 This monitor had static from the minute we plugged it in . It actually works better using just the batteries , which we went through like crazy . I would n't recommend this monitor .
 This was one of the worst monitors i have ever dealt with . The static was so loud no matter what we tried that i was afraid i wouldnt be able to hear my baby . It wouldnt even pick up the baby mobile music over the static . We tried Fisher Price - Sounds and Lights , and it was just as bad . If you want a good , clear monitor , even 1500 ft away , go with the 2.4 Ghz Digital Monitor by Summer Infant products . Worked clear and gave a good distance that it was still very clear in . Only comes with one reciever , but batteries are rechargable .
 My husband suggests maybe our apt is too small and that is why there is all this feedback with the monitor.But that is bologna , I think these are just poor quality . I would like to hear my son while he is just fussing and not in all out tantrum mode . But there is so much static and hiss that these monitors are completely useless .
 We registered for these monitors without having first reviewed what others had to say about them . I 'm very sorry that I did not do more research before registering for them.First of all , if I plug either of the portable units in there is so much ststic that I can not hear anything else . This problem is not as bad if I use the batteries , however there is still a lot of static depending on where I place it in the house , and it gets worse if I touch it or bring it within 1 foot of my body . Also I tried using rechargable batteries with this model and they barely lasted 8 hours before needing to be recharged , and since I ca n't plug them in due to static they are not very useable . We do have a 2.4 GHz cordless phone and a wireless network in our house , so these could be interfering with the reception on the monitors . I would say that I am unhappy with the product and would recommend searching for something else as I 'm about to do .
 We had no idea which monitor to register for & picked this one b/c it had two receivers and was reasonably priced . It always has static and background noise -LRB- including our neigbors ! but I 'm told a lot of monitors do that -RRB- , so the red light is always on . My son is still sleeping in our room so we hardley use it , but for my own piece of mind , we 'll probably buy another monitor when he goes into his room . One that does n't have so much background noise and static .
 This was n't the monitor we registered for , but the one we wanted was n't in stock . We thought this might be of similar quality but we were sorely mistaken . All we usually get is static . Second , it has a loud buzz sound it makes when it is n't picking up static . It does have a night light effect that lasts for a few minutes when you turn it on or just touch the button . It also picks up sound good , you just have to listen over the static or look at the red light indicator to tell if the baby is stirring . We are looking for another monitor because that annoying buzz keeps me up at night .
 This monitor is the worst product that I have ever bought!It only worked well for a week . -LRB- Just long enough for me to throw away the receipt -RRB- Now I have to turn the volume all the way up to barely hear anything . But of course you can always hear the static . Do NOT buy this monitor ! Save yourself the frustration . Do n't we have enough of that already ?
 This monitor was the biggest waste of money !!! I thought it would be great to have a monitor with a night light and a receiver in each room , and it would have been had the stupid thing actually worked . Within 3 weeks of my babies being born the light went out , you ca n't hear out of the receiver unless it 's up full blast , and if the volume is up all the way you hear very loud static . I could n't take it back because I did n't have the box or the reciept any more so all I would be able to do is get the same monitor again . So now I use my 4 year old monitor , and it 's much better .
 Do n't bother buying this monitor . It had horrible static everywhere in the house . I tried different outlets , dedicating an outlet to the base , and I still received a lot of static . It 's also extremely sensitive to other noise . I could have the baby 's bedroom door closed and hear my oldest son in his room . With all the noise it picks up , it 's hard to enjoy some quiet time without the baby.Don ' t bother with this monitor ... there are others out on the market for the same price that are much better !
 I got this monitor as a shower gift - not the one I asked for , but I figured it was close enough . The night light broke within the first month or so , and there is so much static - I assume from picking up other signals in the neighborhood - we have to keep it loud enough that the neighbors can probably hear !! I give up - I 'm buying another one .
 Looking at all of the reviews , they are either 1 star or 5 stars . This indicates the quality control of this product is non-existent . All three parts of this monitor had defects and flaws from the moment it was plugged in . One receiver was extremely staticy , the other would n't even work without being tapped first , and the base station had quirks with the light . The light is supposed to stay on for 15 minutes and it did n't even stay on for 15 seconds . When activated again , the light flashed like a strobe light.This product is clearly poorly made and is NOT worth the money . More importantly , it is not likely to be reliable at doing its job ... monitoring a baby .
 I bought this monitor for my second child . We had another one from our first child that we were still using by fisher price , and THAT one had been through three other sets of children before my own and still works great which is hardly the case with the safety first . It is not the first product I have purchased , but I am starting to think it will be my last . One of the two reciever 's AC plug in broke when I was plugging it in , and the reception no matter how close or far from ANYTHING is full of static and bizarre noises . The second reciever 's connection is so sensitive that if you blow on it , it will go off and then you must turn it and wiggle it until you can regain there connection . For a well known brand and for a monitor that has not even turned one years old yet -LRB- my son will be one in january -RRB- , this is definitely the biggest waste in money yet .
 Do NOT buy this one , you ca n't hear ANYTHING but static with it . My suggustion , go with the Fisher Price -LRB- Lights and Sounds -RRB- . We bought the Safe Glow monitor when we had our second baby -LRB- so the two monitors would look different and you could tell who was crying -RRB- , and we hear nothing but static from it . Maybe I 'm spoiled from the clarity of the Fisher Price one we already had , but I have adjusted this one so many times and it makes no difference ... it 's useless . Sorry to sound so harsh , I just do n't want you to be as dissappointed as we have been with ours .
 NOT RECOMMENDED - The monitor itself seems to be good , however one the receivers quit working after about 4 days . I returned the defective system and exchanged it for the same model and the new one had the exact same problem as the original one I returned . After experiencing the problems I have had with the replacement , I will be returning this one and go back to a Fisher Price monitor that will hopefully work better .
 I just got this monitor because my old monitor -LRB- Graco Digital -RRB- broke after only two months ... I hate this one , it is really awful . One channel does n't work at all , you just get incredibly loud static . The other channel works , but has a loud loud buzzing noise that is impossible to get rid of or ignore . Awful ! I am taking it back .
 I received this monitor set as a gift . One of the receivers did n't even work straight from the package . When I called customer support , they were so uncooperative and told me that since I did n't have the receipt , there were nothing they can do . That was the least of the problems we experienced with this monitor . The static it picks up is unbelievable ! It would pick up the noise of our dryer so loudly that we always questions whether we hear the baby . Also , the whole set stopped working one night after a few weeks , so now we have to look for a new monitor set pronto !
 We were not able to use this since it uses the same frequency as wireless networks . So , if you have ANY wireless network at home , you will not be able to use this monitor , you will get continuous static with no reception .
 This was the first monitor we have purchased as it got decent reviews from consumers . Well , may be if you do n't have a cell phone , a wireless phone , at TV , etc. this product will work for you . It 's great when everything is turned off . However , if you turn any of the appliances on ... well , you 're in for lots of static ! We had this this monitor for over 3 months as we only used it at night -LRB- we live in an apt . and do n't really need it on during the day as we can hear the baby w/out the monitor -RRB- . We are now shopping for a new one as we 're starting to use the monitor during the day / evening and ca n't even watch TV as the static is ridiculous !
 I 'd registered for the monitor after reading the good reviews and assuming that the bad reviews were from people who lived in apartments/townhomes . We live in a single family home in a suburban neighbourhood and own the usual number of other electronic equipment . The static and the buzzzzzzz noise it continously gave was grating on my nerves and I was n't able to even sit through it . After about half an hour of playing around with channels to try to minimize the buzz I switched the receiver off and switched it back on some one hour later . It would n't switch on ! So there I was with one broken receiver and lot of interference . I 'd used it with the AC adapter both times and I did n't want to try batteries as I knew I 'd be using the adapter more often than the moniter eating up batteries.I 'm glad I decided to test this before my baby came along . I returned this for a Sony 9 channel moniter and have had no problems with that one.In its defense I should say that when we tested it , it did pick up sounds like breathing and whispering . If it was n't for the buzz and stataic , I 'd have probably stuck with it .
 Based on all the reviews and the looks of this monitor I thought it would be the best choice . Like many of the other reviewers , even the ones with high ratings , there is just way too much static and interference . We have tried different outlets in different rooms , using batteries only , nothing helps . We are going to exchange it and try a different brand . You need to read all the reviews , not just the ones with low rates , because the others mention the static also ! I wish I would have taken my own advice .
 This montior does work well . I can hear my son breathing , and dogs barking and all of that very clearly . It works outside , upstairs and down . The problem is that I am spending a small fortune in batteries . When you plug it in it gets all fuzzy and has this terrible buzzing sound . I have tried both monitors and all the plugs in the house . So I have to replace the battery every day to use it through the whole night and that gets pretty expensive .
 Maybe it is our wireless network and phones , but we never got anything but static from this monitor . We could not get this one to work for us at all . And the night light feature would n't stay on , it just flashed incessantly unless it was sitting just right.We passed it on to my in-laws to use in their house for when they watch our son , and it does seem to work in their house . This is the only reason I gave it 2 stars .
 Lights on the monitor are very useful as I generally turn down the volume and lights trigger me when my son wakes up . Otherwise the receiver has lot of continuous noise . If I had n't bought it online , I would have probably returned it by now .
 I bought this item because the reviews were great and the price was right . Two months later and it does n't work . I have replaced the bateries many times . At first it worked great . Now when it 's on , there 's either no volumn or all you hear is static . I do not recommmend this product .
 I was very disappointed with this monitor . We bought our first one for our son a little before he turned a year . It worked great ! We loved it . Then about 1 year down the road one of the receivers stopped working . We loved having both receivers so we decided just to use the old one when we travel -LRB- since the one receiver did still work -RRB- and buy a new one for the house . It was awful . I honestly thought we had gotten a defective model . Took it back and got another one and got the same results . Horrible static ! We could n't hardly hear the cd player we run in his room with lullaby music and it was sitting pretty close to that where we had always had the old one . I do n't know if they did something new to it to `` improve it '' but they went the wrong direction . I would highly recommend you NOT buy this product . We are in the same house , it is in the same room and we are getting much much different results . The older model was much better .
 IF you are looking to hear static this is the monitor for you !!! Otherwise , do n't waste your money . I received this as a shower gift and did n't use until several months later . Now it is too late to return . I definately have to go out and purchase another monitor in hopes that I can actually hear my child !!!
 This monitor only gave us static . I guess if you live in an area that tends to get static on monitors . Avoid this one at all costs !
 I hate this monitor ! Since the day I took it out of the box it has made static noise ... and now we have roomates and it picks up there baby instead of mine ! Don ' waste your money on this . .
 This monitor was my 2nd set of monitors in 1 1/2 years . I am yet to find a reliable set . Here you are buying these monitors for the safety of your child and you can not hear them over the loud buzzing noise . They worked fine for about 6 months and one day I turned it on after putting my daughter down for a nap and all we got was a loud noise . We played around with the channels , moved the monitors , tried batteries and nothing worked . My first set was Sony and those only lasted under a year also . I am on to the next set and hope for success .
 This monitor looked like such a great buy ! Boy were we wrong ! We returned it for the SONY 27 channel monitor . -LRB- also wrote a review on it ! -RRB- We registered for this monitor mainly because of the dual receivers -LRB- we live in a two story home -RRB- It also had a night light and it was a good price ... not cheap but not too expensive ! For how little this monitor worked it should be priced at $ 9.99 ! There was soooo much static ! The night light did n't work half the time . You would have to push the button a few times for it to light up ! I gave this monitor one star for its nightlight that automatically turned off after about 15 minutes -LRB- good idea if they can get it to work ! -RRB- Do some shoppin around before you buy this product ... or better yet just go out and buy the Sony !
 We recieved this at our baby shower after we had registered for it . We Tried it out and the static on it was so loud you could n't hear the baby if you tried . In addition , the loud static drove us mad . We took it back to the store .
 I dont have a large house and it is very noisy and it interfers with the next door neighbors phone we can hear all conversations . We did like the light on the receiver but now we are having baby # 2 and have to go out and buy a new one poor reception .
 I bought this product after reading the reviews here , and I was VERY disappointed . We use a fan in our baby 's room , and our last monitor had no problem transmitting all sounds ! We dropped out last monitor one time too many , and bought this one . With the fan on , you can hear NOTHING coming out of the monitor except occasional loud bursts of static . Without the fan on , it works OK , but that does n't really help us . Very disappointed .
 Okay , so it does work , sometimes . You have to have a battery and have it plugged in for it to work at all . This is of course after the first set completely decided not to work . You ca n't take this around the house because as I said , you have to have it plugged in to work . Also , the batteries need replacing about every 2 weeks -LRB- 9 volt -RRB- . Not only that , but you have to bang it a few times for anything to come through it at all . I gave it 1 star as it does work , eventually . I HIGHLY recommend getting something else .
 Do not buy , this monitor gives you nothing but static , I could not hear my child at all .
 After reading all the positive reviews on this monitor I registered for it and received it as a shower gift . I just recently started using it and all I can hear is noise from all over the house . If I am in the living room and my daughter is sleeping in her room I can hear the TV in the living room through the monitor . Plus it has a lot of static . I would not recommend this product .
 Our first Safety 1st monitor failed in a matter of days . We called the company , and they thought right away that it was a problem with the adapter cord -LRB- read
 I literally could not take the monitor 10 feet away from the base without getting tons of nasty static making it impossible to hear anything.I isolated the cause to the base station . It does not put out a powerful enough signal . I have an older Playskool base station that operates on the same channel . The receivers from this set pick it up FINE . However they will NOT work at all with the base station that comes with the set.Someone poorly designed this set . Use only if you have no electronic devices in your house and live in the middle of nowhere .
 I was pleased with the monitor 's reception and clarity but once the auto shut-off feature turned off the light , any attempt to reactivate the light just results in rapid flickering . I have to unplug the unit and replug the unit to start another 15-minute cycle . I 've had the unit for about 2 years -LRB- however this problem started shortly after purchasing the item -RRB- and I 've noticed they do have a more updated model . Perhaps they 've fixed this flaw.Another problem I 've run into is now that my son is older he is unhappy with only a 15-minute night light . He 's 2 and shares a room with his older sister -LRB- 4 -RRB- and they both wish the light stayed on through the night.I 'm now looking at buying yet another monitor -LRB- ugh ... after 5 children you 'd think I 'd have found a monitor that I 'm happy with ! -RRB- this time I 'm looking for one with an all-night light or at least one I can turn off when I go to bed .
 This monitor is definitely cheap for a reason . I will say that for the 1st 3 months it worked ... ok . Then when I went to use the light it flashed like 12 times per second or so , upsetting my baby and making it very frustrating . What is worse is that this type of light flashing is dangerous to epileptic children and adults . It can cause seizures in those who are photo-sensitive . Now , 8 mos later , neither receiver even works . I called the company and was put on hold for 1/2 hr . I held on while I worked because I felt it was important to make them aware of this . And these reviews helped me out so much when we were deciding what to register for , I wanted to help others decide . Spend a bit more if you can , it is worth it to hear your baby clearly . You will get ALOT of use out of it so play it safe . I 'm off to read reviews as we need to buy another one . They wo n't refund us til we send the old one 's pieces . Wish me luck !
 I hate this monitor ... I hear the static better then my baby ... Some time I have the sound up all the way and I still hear my baby cries from down the hall not from the Monitor . Please do not buy this ... not worth the money ... you !
 I was given this as a shower gift . From the moment I tried using this all I got was feedback . Even on the lowest setting the static is extremelly loud !!!! It has never worked even talking directly into the unit you can not hear anything . Good luck shopping , I live by the product reviews so I hope this helps you !
 We tried this one out since all the reviews I read were so good but unfortunately , we were not pleased with it . When you plug it into the wall it seems to have a lot of static and it does n't seem to matter where in the house you try it . Do n't waste your money ...
 My wife and I purchased this Safety 1st monitor with dual receivers today . Once home , we put in fresth 9volt batteries and also plug the monitors into the wall with the AC plug . All the lights light up and all we hear is static . Pure junk . I am taking it back to the store after dinner . Disgust !
 WE got this as a shower gift and could never use it because it had static everywhere in our house . Everywhere . It 's worth the money to get a higher priced one that you will actually use . We bought a Sony and it gets no static . The Safety first people told me it was because of our satellite dish and we 'd never be able to use any monitor . WRONG . It was theirs that did n't worik .
 Sometimes the monitor works just fine . However , it often produces this high-pitched whining sound that is annoying and at times wakes our soundly sleeping baby . It always works for its intended purpose though , which saved this product from a one star rating .
 I had a Fisher Price monitor that worked well for the first year , but after that it steadily got worse until we had to throw it out after a year and a half . So , after reading the positive reviews on this product I decided to give it a try . I was very disappointed -- it had lots of static and interferance . I could pick up my neighbor 's son across the street better than I could my own son down the hall no matter what channel I tried . And if the receiver was in the bathroom I could not pick my son up at all . I never had this problem with the Fisher Price monitor . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 After reading the great reviews on this product , I registered for it for my baby shower . Unfortunatly the box was destroyed or I would have returned it long ago . It works about 2 % of the time . The static is overwhelming , usually three lights are lit by the static alone . Every now and then it works okay , so I give it another chance . I just got out of the shower to here my 4 month old screaming her head off and the monitor did n't pick up a peep . I 've tried all of the suggestions to remedy the problem , but this monitor just does n't work . I have an older safety first monitor that works on the same frequency and have had fewer problems with reception , but it still has static .
 I bought this and set it up days before our daugther was born . I am glad I did because we instantly picked up the neighbor 's baby who lives in the townhouse 3 doors down from us - imagine the confusion ! Even changing stations did n't help - we still picked up the sounds from their monitor AND even more static ! I followed all the directions to avoid other interferrances but none helped . When you turn up the volumne , even if the monitor and hand units are in separate rooms , they will make a horrible sound as though they are still `` too close '' , so you have to turn down the volumne thus making it nearly impossible to hear the sounds of your baby - especially over all the static!I read lots of reviews on all the monitors and thought this one would be the best for our money but this one is going back to the store ASAP !
 Our monitor worked for only three weeks ! Unfortunately we threw the box and receipt out so we could n't return it . The first week we used it we were picking up random people on telephones and their conversations . Then we got it to work better -LRB- a bit clearer -RRB- for a week or two , and then after that it was very staticky until it finally just burnt out . The only positive feature was the glow light that turned off after 10 minutes or so on the main receiver that we kept in the baby 's room . Otherwise - stay clear of this product unless you want a neat night light .
 We registerd for this monitor , and I wish I would have picked another - maybe the video monitor ? I have to say that this does pick up every little noise which is a good thing . We can even hear our neighbors in their house next door in it . However - I dont know if we had a faulty item , but our nite light burned out about 2 weeks after having it !!!!!! And per the instruction booklet , the bulb is not replaceable . This was a big disappointment ! And when I walk past the receiver in our bed room , there is an interference . As far as the light bar to indicate the noise level . If you have a humidifier or air purifier in your nursery like us , this feature does n't help . Because of the constant noise , the bar is always lit . -LRB- not a fault of the manufacturer -RRB-
 This monitor has alot of static and you pick - up other monitors in the neighborhood ! It has only 2 channels -LRB- not much privacy ! -RRB- i wish i had bought one of the 900 mgh monitors instead ! In fact i am looking for new monitors now to replace these ones ! Please , do n't waste your money here !
 We received this as a shower gift , and immediately had problems with it . We had to possition the recievers in just the right spots in our house so we did n't get horrible static . If we bumped the recievers we could n't hear our son until we repositioned them . I wo n't say the reception was horrible , because when they worked they worked well . Also we loved the night light feature . Problem with that was you had to get used to it ; the on off feature was so sensitive that if you did n't push it just right it turned into a strobe light . Finally after a few months the light just stopped working . We are now looking for another monitor with no static problems and a night light for the room . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 The first night we used this monitor we noticed a high pitched buzz and some static . What really annoyed me , though , was the way our baby 's chatter or cries were so distorted . The sound quality was really poor . I recommend the Graco Soundsleep monitor . We were using it for the past year and a half , and only bought a new one because one of the receivers is starting to go out . Oh well ... I will continue to use it with only one , because the quality is MUCH better . I returned this one to the store today .
 i had got these monitors when i first had my son in 2003 they were great , it is definitely true that you can here even a pin drop ... but when my loving son 's father lost the main monitor i urged him to buy them again ... now the second pair of monitors we bought in february this year were working great until the static came in and now i do n't even know where the monitors are because i just did n't care much for them ... the static was really loud and annoying ... but i guess my son old enough and loud enough but he 's a little sneaky so i 'll probably get him another pair and if they do n't work i 'll return them for another kind .
 i got this monitor for a shower present i thought it would be great with two receivers and a night light . the only thing that was nice was the night light . i live in a mobile home if you know mobile homes the furnace is loud anyway but it did n't bother us coming thru the monitor . but one night i went to bed and turned it on and all i got was static the furnace was n't running and we had n't even moved the monitors at all so i would n't recommend this to anyone i am in the process of discussing this with safety 1st because like everyone else it waited until the package was gone . i think they should take them off the shelf .
 I registered for this monitor . It worked well for a couple of months -LRB- just long enough so I threw out the packaging and can not send it back -RRB- , but now the volume control does not work and it is either at top volume or completely off when you try to adjust the level . It is , as I have read other people say , extremely staticy now , but it may just be due to the volume control problem . The wire that connects to the receiver is also not secure and wiggles . Not recommended .
 I recieved this monitor set as a baby shower gift , and was thrilled as it was one less thing for me to purchase.It worked well for the first 4 months than , as I have read on the other reviews , the static started ! Also the hole where you plug the adapter from the wall to the unit has issues . It has to be wiggled in just right to make the connection , which is scary because there have been times where the wire connection is loose and I lose sound during the night . Causing major panic when I can not hear my son . But ironically due to the loud constant static , I know when to giggle the cord to get the connection again . Long story short - I 'm buying a new one .
 I loved this monitor when we first got it . The idea of having the night light is wonderful and it was a nice soft glow . Then one day , the static started . . it seemed there was something wrong with the volume switch , it had to be set `` just right '' to get away from the static . Now , I come home and the one monitor is just screaming with static and is just about to die . I am currently looking for something new .
 Our Sony monitor died and we had to purchase a new one . I was really happy with the Sony monitor , but decided to try another brand . Big mistake ! There is so much static with this monitor that it drives me crazy . We get woken up in the middle of the night with loud static ! It is convenient that their are two receivers , however the static does not justify the convenience . I 'm taking mine back and getting the Sony .
 This monitor is not good in the long run . At first , it worked great . Then one receiver stopped working . Now , the other one is n't working , either . There is so much static that I ca n't hear the baby unless it is turned all of the way up . I would suggest buying a different monitor .
 My wife and me bought this monitor 6 months ago . Now our baby has 2 weeks born , and the monitor works wreat in our house , but uno of the receptors always have the third LED on , the other receptor is fine . And the nightlight on the transmiter only works for one week .
 We were disappointed to find that this monitor did not work at all in our house . It was so static-y that my boyfriend could n't even hear me over the noise and he was just down the hall . I 'm very glad we tried it out before our son gets here . However , I 'm not looking forward to having to keep trying out different monitors till we find one that will actually work .
 If you have anything wireless in your home -LRB- wi-fi , telephone , robot , tv remote -RRB- then save your cash and run , do n't walk , away from this lemon of a monitor . It may look nice , but its functionality is around zero . If you like listening to white noise at high volume 24/7 just to be able to hear your baby , then this is the product for you .
 this thing has so much static it 's not even funny . I have heard my neighbors phone conversations . Took it back and got a much better and cheaper one .
 This monitor worked fine for quite a while . Then our neighbors had a baby -LRB- we live in single family detached homes , so it is n't like we share a wall or are even that close ... -RRB- and we started picking up their signal and getting a ton of static . We switched channels and still got the static , but it was tolerable since baby was a year old and I just wanted it to know when she woke up . Now we got a new TV and all we get is static . Seriously , if you have electronics or neighbors , get a better model .
 My husband and I have this baby monitor and we think that it is pure crap . Our son 's room is right next to ours in our tiny apartment ... and the only way we can hear him is if we turn it all the way up . But when you turn it all the way up the monitor just screems ... we finally just ended up using our cordless phones as monitors . Lame ! i would n't recomend this monitor to anyone .
 basically , this monitor is static city . it does n't have to do with just the volume level as another reviewer stated , it just is a piece of crap .
 I registered for this monitor , and received it as a gift . We loved it at first . But we started having problems with them this past summer , just after my son turned 1 . We could n't use them outside because they got nothing but static and high pitched squealling -LRB- and we do n't have a satellite like someone else mentioned -RRB- . Now one of the receivers barely works . The on/off switch , which also controls the sound , does n't work properly and makes it so we ca n't even hear our son , no matter how high you turn up the volume . There is some kind of short in the switch and no matter how many times I open it up I ca n't find it . Now I 'm going to have to go out and buy new ones .
 We registered for this monitor and received it for our baby shower and have had nothing but problems with it . It is very sensitive , we can even hear the clock ticking in our daughter 's room but for no reason it will buzz loudly with static and moving the receiver makes no diference . This is not a good thing in the middle of the night . If I get within a couple of inches of it , the buzzing will stop , but as soon as I move away , it starts again . It is driving me crazy . Also , within the first few weeks of use , the main unit started blinking and would not shut off , so we called the manufacturer and they sent us a new one , but the new one still blinks for no apparent reason and is hard to shut off . I would not recommend this monitor to anyone and am planning on buying a new one in the near future .
 this monitor is awful !! you can not hear anything but static .
 I recieved these monitors as a shower gift , and I am not very happy with them . Although the reception is quite good , they go through batteries like crazy , and the ac adapters kept breaking . I had to replace them 3 times . In my opinion , I think there are better monitors out there for that kind of money .
 While the reviews for this monitor seemed mostly positive , the monitor was all static -LRB- on both channels -RRB- even with the receiver in the same room . We returned it an bought the Sony - a much better product .
 There 's probably nothing new in this review that has n't been said elsewhere , but just in case , here goes : This monitor does have good sound quality -LRB- when it 's not picking up static -RRB- . The indicator lights are also nice for those times when you 're trying to do something like watch TV ; they 're good for those times when you can put it in view so you can see when it starts to get activity , without needing as much or any volume . Finally , the night light is a nice feature . BUT ... The whole reason I 'm even here writing this review is that I 've finally gotten so fed up with the thing that I 'm here searching for it 's replacement . Like at least one other reviewer said , I do n't feel that I can rely on this monitor , as I never know when it 's going to have one of it 's `` static fits '' ; when this happens , it will go to nothing but completely loud static , and no matter what you do , you ca n't make it stop . We 've been dealing with this for several months , and have yet to find any possible cause for this problem , other than that it 's just a problem with the device itself . It has n't always been this bad , but we also have n't had this thing long enough for it to have already died on us , either.This evening , we put our daughter to bed , and we ultimately had to shut the unit off . When it has one of these `` fits '' , there 's not much else you can do . Even if you turn the volume all the way down and just try and use the lights -LRB- not much good when you 're sleeping -RRB- , the lights are still going crazy with all of the static that 's being generated , so they 're useless , too.Unfortunately , I 'm just beginning my search for a replacement for this unit , but I would wholeheartedly recommend against buying this one . At least at this point , I have faith that there must be something out there better than this one . If you do decide to buy this one , you might want to buy it from a local store with a good return policy , just in case .
 Please do yourself a favor and buy a different brand . I ca n't hear anything , my son has to be screaming his lungs out in order to get some sound from the thing -LRB- appart from static -RRB- . I live in a small apartment so that ` s not the problem . The only good thing about it is the night light . I 've been told that Sony Babycall works much better . I 'll get that one .
 I do not recommend this monitor . The static/feedback is way too loud . And if you 're using it to monitor your baby over night it will eat batteries . You have to plug it in all the time . I 'm currently looking for a rechargable unit . I will say that the night light is great . The soft glow will not wake your baby up .
 Do not buy this monitor if you are looking for something to last . Our first receiver stopped working after a month of use . We have had this for 6 months now and the connection comes loose all the time to to receiver so it just turns off . ALthough it has a battery compartment , it does not work on the battery alone . It is just static . Spend a little more and buy better quality than this brand .
 I checked reviews for monitors on every website I could find . This one seemed to have high ratings everywhere I looked , so it 's what we got . We have a 2 story , so it seemed necessary to have two receivers . After 1 month , one of them stopped working . We did figure out that we could put a tiny nail in beside the volume dial and turn it up almost all the way , and it would sometimes work.Now , our baby is 5 months old and the other one is doing the very same thing . We are going to have to buy a new one because it goes out too much . I 'll wake up in the middle of the night , and it 's not working at all . We are extremely disappointed in it .
 I recieved this monitor as a shower gift , I had read the positive reviews and registered for it . Since the first time I used this monitor I have disliked it . You can not take it around the house , it must be plugged in and have a battery in it , for it to work at all . The one I have works when it wants to , and there is alot of static . Also all of a sudden it will just turn to static , then the next day it may work again . I recommend NOT getting this monitor system .
 My husband and I received this monitor for our baby shower . We selected this model because it had the two monitors and the price was resonable . Well I firmly believe you get what you pay for because this monitor does not hold a charge . We have to have the monitors plugged in at all times for it to work . The batteries just dont hold a charge . The reception is good but we ca n't unplug it and use it around the house . We wound up throwing it out and purchasing a new one . Do n't waste you money on this monitor .
 After reading many reviews on many different monitors we chose this monitor because it had mostly great reviews ... We are so sorry we purchased this monitor now!Half the time all we can hear is a high pitch noise or static and nothing from our baby . . It works when it wants to . . We have tried moving the base and nothing helps . It is worthless . We are now debating on buying a new , more expensive monitor system.If you decide to purchase this monitor-save the box and paperwork so you can return it for a different one . You will be glad you did . We did n't and are regretting it !
 This is unusable in our home because of too much static and other interference . It really threw us for a loop when we finally heard baby sounds coming thru the static ... while our child was feeding ! We let our neighbors know right away to avoid any embarrassment.UPDATE
 I received this as a shower gift off of my registry . It works well when the monitor is upstairs and I have the receivers downstairs . But when I have them on the same floor I have to have the volume up all the way and can barely hear my 3 month old son . I can hear the neighbors daughter loud and clear . I purchased another monitor and it works so much better .
 This monitor worked well for the first week after our son was born but then began to only provide us with static noise or a loud whine instead of providing us the security we had thought we 'd be getting . We played with the channels and even moved the receiver to a different location within the nursery but nothing has worked . All we basically have is a $ 30 night light . Very dissapointing .
 My husband and I had a wonderful -LRB- but used -RRB- moniter with our first child , but wanted a new one for our second . We registered for this one after looking at all of the ones at babies r us and target , price ranges vs. features . This one looked like the best for the money . WRONG ! It only works half of the time , which is horrible when I ca n't even hear my baby crying through the receiver . It can only be turned on to about 20 % power because anything higher will give a loud screaching or scratchy static sound . Once my 2 year old had turned off the base but the receiver was one and it picked up a dog barking down the street ?!?! I did save the packaging and will return this monitor asap , IT IS NOT WORTH THE MONEY !! Babies r us has one that is less than $ 20 that works well , it 's our backup at grandma 's and may just come home with us next time .
 After using these monitors for only five months the volume malfunctioned . We could only turn them up completely - or hear nothing at all !
 Monitor plays a radio station perfectly clear as though it were a radio tuned to that station . Terribly annoying . It is AM 1590 . Check before buying whether you receive a station at this frequency . Be sure to check daytime and nighttime as some stations broadcast only during certain hours .
 this monitor dose not worth the money you will pay for iti bought it cause one of the workers in the store told me that it is a good one well i bought it and when i came home i tried it and it was far from being a safty moniter cause1-i can barely hear my son even when it is on the highest volume2-the first 2 days the monitor did not have static but on the 3rd day when i opened it there was a very loud noise coming from it i can barely or lets say i only heared the loud beem voice so i returend it
 My husband and I chose this monitor because of the 2 receivers since we have a 2 story home . We could n't use it in our bedroom because when our son was quiet , all we heard was static . It was so annoying we did n't use it and finally returned it and got a much better one that we now love .
 I ignored the bad reviews , thinking that these would be great . My last monitors were the same brand and I was very happy with them -LRB- looking to replace only because I dropped the monitor in gravy and it died . -RRB- This monitor is fancier than my old one but terrible . I ca n't seem to control the volume well . I like to put the monitor on the quietest audible level while I sleep but if it 's on at all it is VERY LOUD . Plus it has terrible static periodically for no apparent reason . I 'm returning it today . I need to find another one that is more reliable .
 one of the monitors never worked . one only worked when plugged in and only in certain areas of our house . The one that would stop working and I 'd not realize ... very frusrating !
 I received this item as a shower gift . When I went to use it we got nothing but static . I ended up returning it to babies r us and exchanging it for the Sony 27 channel model .
 TERRIBLE ! I would n't recommend this monitor to anyone . It has n't worked well since the beginning . My baby is only 5 months old , but I 'm ready to go buy a GOOD one .
 Purchsed this monitor because of the good reviews it had gotten . Reception is fine but the battery system sucks . We keep one monitor plugged in in the bedroom but have one that runs on batteries that we take with us around the house . This monitor chews through 9V batteries . I 'd say you get 4 hours of monitor time per battery , less with rechargables . But what really bites is that not only do you have to constantly change the battery ... you need a screwdriver to do it !!!!
 We decided to pick up this monitor because it was low cost and had two receivers . I was disappointed in the range when we tried it out -- just walking through the house caused static , and walking out to the yard quickly went out of range . We then received a Graco Ultraclear as a late shower gift , and we tried it out . It is so much better -- crystal clear reception and range of at least double the Safety 1st . The Safety 1st will go back to the store , we 're keeping the Graco .
 We recieved this monitor as a shower gift two years ago for our daughter . The night light was nice although we already had a night light for the wall . The parent units took 9 volt batteries that did n't last long and the range was n't very good at all . The farther you went , the more staticky it was . From then on we left them plugged in so the portability was compromised . They worked fine for about a year and then one parent unit died . The second parent unit just died last night . For about 6 months they both acted finicky and would fade in and out of reception but still worked overall . The static was pretty bad for about a year though and drove my husband crazy at night . They did their job , but not very well . Having said all that , I could n't recommend buying this monitor .
 I bought this monitor because we have a two story house and wanted to be able to stop having to go up and down the stairs searching for the receiver . What a mistake ! A person moving around the room causes static noise and bad reception . The red light that 's supposed to indicate sound is on the whole time while the air conditioning is on , which is all the time in Phoenix . I get constant interference and static and got NONE with the Fisher Price one . I 'm tossing this one and taking my Fisher Price one back out .
 I bought this monitor liking the feature of the two receivers but the static is very annoying and to beable to hear threw the static I have to turn it all the way up!I WOULD NOT recommend this monitor , I would take mine back but I lost the receipt ! Please do n't waste your time or money !!
 This is a terrible monitor . Do not buy it !!! All we hear is static and only once in a while does it actually let us hear our baby . Not a reliable tool at all . I was very disappointed and now we have to go and buy a new one .
 I 've owned this monitor twice ... the first time was an older version which was great for the first 6 months and then one day just gave up working . The store I purchased it from was nice enough to take it back for me and gave me a replacement - the updated version which appears here . That one worked great for 7 months and now is just terrible ... I have to have it turned all the way up to hear anything -LRB- not due to static - it only works on the loudest notch -RRB- ... and even then I had to put a piece of tape on the control dial to keep it engaged -LRB- monitor was never dropped or anything to cause a malfunction -RRB- . I loved this monitor at first , both times , but now - save your money and go with one that will actually keep working .
 We bought this bank for our 7 year old son who kept his money in a shoe box . I loved the way it looked and felt - very solid and heavy . My son jammed it within minutes of putting in his coins . A dime did n't go all the way down -LRB- which is hard to tell unless you 're looking down into it -RRB- and the next coin jammed up next to it . I could n't fix it and my dad ended up taking it apart . But with the coins jammed in there , once they were released , the ` clicker ' did n't work anymore and did n't count the money . My son actually got another bank for Christmas , so this one just sits on a shelf and looks pretty .
 I bought this bank for all my grandchildren . We were disappointed in the quality of the product for the price . It is very hard to get the money out once you reach the $ 10 mark . I liked the idea that you could only open the bank at $ 10 . Good to teach savings to our grandchildren , but it is hard to use and not as durable as some reviews indicated .
 I bought two bottles of this , thinking it would be great for the diaper bag - no more struggling with messy creams while struggling with a squirming baby ! It was the first diaper spray containing zinc oxide that I had seen . Unfortunately , I used it at the first signs of a diaper rash -LRB- my daughter has been getting a diaper rash on and off from the heat this summer , so I used it after a diaper change when her butt looked like it was hot , red , and irritated -RRB- and after I sprayed it on my poor daughter instantly started screaming and shaking and squirming . She is used to diaper rash sprays - we use the California Baby Diaper Area Wash - and it was obvious this reaction was to pain , not the surprise of the spray or coldness or something . There must be something in it that either she is allergic to or something that really stings an irritated butt . I am going to be returning both of the bottles .
 We bought this item from Amazon couple of weeks back , and the product expiry date was just 2 months from the purchase date . So was really disappointed ! Usually infant vitamin drops that we buy at the local pharmacies do not expire for atleast a year or two . .
 I must say I was very disappointed upon receiving this blanket . The quality was lacking and it was very thin , so I sent it back !
 I received this stroller a week ago and I am very disappointed . Initially it looked great and I was very happy about my purchase . I assembled the stroller without particular problem but from the first day it was very hard to push like the wheels were stiff or something . The wheels do n't roll properly even in flat ground and it is absolutly impossible to push this one handed -LRB- with my 9 months older -RRB- . The next day I decided to give it another try with my son -LRB- 2 years old -RRB- and it was even worse . The stroller felt like we were pushing a broken shopping cart , it ' s extremely hard to push also with two hands and when we try to turn on the streets only two wheels stay on the ground.In conclusion I loved the features provides on this stroller , the soft fabric and the large seat but those are the extras and first of all I need something with which to bring my kids around easily every day ! Finally , the description says 14 lb but I feel like it is more heavier.In conclusion , I had more than ten strollers since my first kid was born and I have to say this is so far the worst .
 This is an attractive sturdy stroller -LRB- LOVE the UV shade ! -RRB- , unfortunately the rough ride on concrete and arduous opening and closing is a deal breaker for me . It now stays at grandmas.If you really are considering this stroller , I would say it works best for short walks or as an extra lightweight on hand -LRB- stores flat or stands upright -RRB- but I would not recommend it unless you can find a deal under $ 100 .
 I bought a Zooper Hula in 2007 . I can not begin to tell you how sorry I am . You can not access the basket if the seat is reclined at all . The seat does NOT recline flat . . or even close ! One of the handles broke within 3 months and no longer extends ; mind you this is with light usage !! It folds up , but it is very bulky and barely fits behind the seats of my Ford Explorer . The rubber on the handles wore quickly as well . The frame became somewhat crooked from folding and unfolding - which was not often because it was usually kept in the garage ... All of this is irritating , but the stroller still usable until the actual bottom frame of the stroller broke . My son unfolded it from the back of the car and it snapped . Unbelievable - he is obviously not strong enough one would think , but the product is so poorly made that it broke . GOOD RIDDANCE !! As for Zooper customer service - the other reviewer was correct . After sending a picture they said oh well , sorry ... . ie yes its a crummy product and theres nothing we can or want to do about it . Unbelievable . Moral - DONT BUY A ZOOPER !!!
 I purchased a different Zooper stroller after looking at many better known brands , but am posting here as I 've been very disappointed with this brand . Zooper comes with a lot of included `` extras '' - better canopies , rain covers , sleeping bag attachment , it stands when collapsed , it 's fully reclining , etc. . However , the Zooper is rather poorly made . The second time I ever used it , the canopy piece totally came apart , and screws and other little pieced went flying all over my kitchen as I was opening it . Zooper replaced the piece , but I had to pay for part of the shipping . The 5 point harness system feels cheap and uncomfortable . I rarely used the stroller when my daughter was a newborn because I found it easier to put her in a baby carrier . It 's much more convenient than lugging a stroller outside and putting her in it . So in the end , the fact that it was fully reclining was of little use to me . While I wanted the extras like the rain cover and sleeping bag attachment , I 've never used them , even after having the product a year . I live in a city with good public transportation , so we do n't have a car , and so I assumed I 'd be relying on the stroller to get around often . However , when it 's cold and rainy , I would rather take my daughter out well-covered in a baby carrier than put her in a stroller with a rain cover . So those extra features have n't been so useful . And finally , just a few months after purchasing the Zooper , I noticed that the rubber covering on the handles started to wear out and crack . I 've only used the Zooper about a dozen times in the past year , and now , a year later , it 's very worn and cracked . Customer service said they do not replace that piece . In short , I am unhappy with the purchase and the poor quality of this stroller does not make up for all the little extras included with the purchase . I had hoped that this purchase would last me several years and more than one kid . Unfortunately , I do n't think it will last me much longer . I advise you stick with better known brands that have proven they can last much longer .
 I bought this stroller in Waltz model that was made in 2007 . After less than a year of normal use , the canopy started to slide off so my husband had to zip tie it on . Then a few months later the bracket for the foot rest broke off . I paid almost $ 300 for this `` top of the line '' stroller and all I got was garbage ! To make matters worse , I called zooper for customer service and they basically told me `` too bad '' . They wo n't cover any of it , wo n't send me a replacement part . The guy barely spoke English and was not helpful at all . Stay away from any zooper products ! You will get ripped off and pay for something that is going to extremely disappoint you . Graco products are so much better for your money .
 This is not a standard size for a portable crib matteress . It is much smaller . I need to fill the gap with a sheet , towel or something .
 We bought this mattress for our playard / port-a-cot . It did not fit our playard and it was extremely soft . Our 6 month old was unable to roll around on the mattress as it sagged so much in the middle she kept on getting stuck and ended up in us having to remove it in order for her to fall asleep .
 THIS PRODUCT SO THIN AND FLAT . IT WAS NOT DURABLE AT ALL AND COULD BE EASILY TORN WITH THE SLIGHTEST USE IN FACT ONE OF THE MATTRESSES ARRIVED WITH WHAT APPEARED TO BE A FINGER PRINT TEAR .
 First , there was just one as opposed to the 2 in the picture . Aside from that I thought the material was horrible quality . Rough . Thin . Think worse than Wal-Mart brand . Something I would n't sleep on much less put my baby on . Soooo ... I bought some nice king size pillow cases and will be sewing them down to size . Wish I had n't wasted the money .
 I hate to be the only negative review , but I paid more for this sheet than the other two packs available on Amazon because I wanted 100 % cotton . I 'm not sure if they sent the wrong sheet in error , but the one I received is a stiff 65 % poly/35 % cotton blend . I will be returning it .
 I got this bottle because it was free of BPA plastic ... thats good for our kids ... BUT this bottle spills ... and my son dropped it on the concrete ... and it broke ... with a hole and a huge crack ... so durable it is not ...
 I was searching everywhere for a straw bottle that did not have a valve in the straw that makes it hard for my child to suck the liquid out . And I was ecstatic when I found this bottle that has absolutely no valve at all , which is exactly what I wanted . Although it does leak a lot if turned upside down , I knew it would and it did not matter to me . However , the biggest problem with it is the material it is made of , it is not silicone plastic but is rather hard plastic , so if it falls on a hard surface like asphalt , the bottle gets damaged and will seep water . Depending on how big the damage is from the fall , the water may leak very little still rendering the bottle useful or it may leak to the point that you can not use it at all . I have 2 bottles that have been ruined in a 3 week period . I contacted the company about this to find out why they would use this sort of plastic that is not durable at all given that it is used by children who drop bottles all the time . They said they were surprised to hear that two bottles cracked upon falling as they have never heard these kind of complaints before . I find it very hard to believe as I see a lot of reviews on this same issue . I have since purchased a silicone Green Sprouts bottle on which I will use the top from the aqua bottle -LRB- since they are supposedly interchangeable -RRB- and this way if the child drops it , it should not break , hopefully it will work once I get the silicone one .
 Was on my second one with my now four year old . But my one year old loved it two and managed to break them both with a simple drop to hardwood floors :-LRB- I 'll be looking for something else unfortunately .
 Got one of these as a present and loved it . my toddler liked using it as well . I liked how it was fairly easy to clean , a bigger size bottle and it had the oz . measurements on the side . However , he dropped it from his high chair to our hardwood floor and it cracked and started leaking . I see other toddlers dropping their sippy cups everywhere and theirs do n't seem to break . I guess the plastic on this cup is n't as strong which is unfortunate because toddlers often drop things and throw things on the floor . Would 've liked to have used this for years but only used it for 2 months .
 Our toddler has enjoyed using these bottles since she was a year old . We 've owned two over the last 7 months.Pros
 This monitor is terrible . While we can hear our son okay through the system , it 's the random alarm sound going off at all times during the night that keeps my husband and I from getting any sleep ! We do have the `` pet detect '' option on this model , and even with this option deactivated , the alarm still goes off ! Changing the channel did n't help either ! We keep the monitor plugged in and charging at night and we still get an alarming unwelcome surprise about 4 to 5 times a night ! Even after contacting Evenflo and recieving a new system , the alarm still keeps going off randomly . Do n't waste your money ! This monitor stinks !
 We got headaches from trying this monitor -- the low-droning , incessant static was annoying , and it barely picked up any child-related noises . One night , my daughter just came downstairs and into my room to wake me because the monitor did n't -- with both units at full volume , I heard nothing ! We bought this to replace an Evenflo from 9 years ago ; we liked the feature of that one to talk to the baby -LRB- almost like a walkie-talkie -RRB- . This one has that feature , too , but it 's useless because the sound quality is so disappointingly poor .
 I have searched ALL over to find a working sippy cup . I have 2 kids . 4 years and 18 months . We tried this cup since it was inexpensive . The first use , we had milk in it . My 18 month old dropped the cup and milk splattered out of the valve . Some days she turns is over and milk , juice , etc drips out allowing her to make milk designs on the table , etc. . If left turned over , it will drain . Big puddles on car seat , lap , chairs , carpet , etc. . I am very disappointed .
 I am writing for anyone who may be considering this cup . I searched amazon for a simple , no spill cup . I read the reviews to make sure I was getting a good product . This cup received 5 stars . I would not give it more than 1 star . The valve works great . That is not what makes it leak . It actually leaks out the side . Trust me , I am not new to the whole sippy cup world . I have tried several brands . I also know that sometimes it is your error and you need to try putting the cover on again . That was not the problem . Now , these cups were very inexpensive so I am not too upset . I just wished that they worked ! I will continue to use them but only for water .
 We order many children 's items for our boy on Amazon . Many of these do n't give you an option of choosing a color . Be warned , Amazon has nothing but pink stuff laying around . Of the 10 `` colors vary '' things we 've ordered for ourselves and friends 8 of them have been pink . No blues , greens , yellows . Just pink pink pink.The cup is great but unless you like pink I would just buy from your local BRU .
 I ordered four of these cups because I own one and my 10 month old can drink from them easily . They do not require excessive suction and for the most part they do n't leak . I had a hard time finding them in the store so I was excited to find them on Amazon.hen they arrived , however , they were coated in some kind of nasty grease . I am not sure if they were used before , but they certainly needed extensive cleaning before even considering for use.In short , I recommend these cups highly as a more substantial alternative to the ` take and toss ' cups that leak , but look for them elsewhere to get a shiny new cup .
 We ordered these as they are listed among the BPA free bottles for newborns . We hoped that these plastic bottles would be a nice beginning and transitional bottle for supplemental feedings -LRB- we nursed for the first few months -RRB- as they are small and hold up to 5oz . Here are the problems ... the bottles are set up to be easy to clean ... bottom screws off . Yes -LRB- as other reviews noted -RRB- they do leak if the bottom isnt screwed on right ... but that is easy enough to remedy and get used to.Our biggest problem is that the nipples are NOT SLOW FLOW . They really are too fast for a nursing baby who is used to working for their milk . Slow flow nipples are supposed to drip a drop every second or two ... these drip way too quickly and our baby could not keep up . The milk was wasted flowing out of his mouth -LRB- not what you want as a nursing mom who pumps breastmilk to feed when out and about ... that stuff is like gold and you do n't want to waste a drop -RRB- ... or he ended up gagging from the flow.ALSO ... Since these bottles are not universal size you can not use them and switch out another nipple brand if they are too fast for you or your baby does n't like them.If you are looking for a moderately priced BPA free bottle , I recommend the gerber glass bottle -LRB- 4oz -RRB- that you can try different nipples -LRB- we really liked the DrBrown that truly had a slow flow -RRB- ... also evenflo had a nice plastic BPA free version in the small size . these can both be found on amazon !
 These bottles are just horrible , they leak like crazy , you have to be very careful when puttingit together , and as you can imagine is quite difficult with a hungry baby crying for food . I like the nipple , but the bottle is impossible for me to figure it out , 75 % of teh time they leak . Waste of money .
 I decided to try these bottles since they are BPA free and supposedly work like the Vent aire bottles . At first I thought they would be just fine but we experienced extreme fussiness and I was able to deduce that they made my son very unhappy . I 'm not sure what the problem was he liked the nipples but for some reason every time I had him use those bottles he would get really upset afterwards .
 I got this as a baby shower gift . I thought it would be a great and useful item , but it ended up taking up a lot of room on the shelves of the changing table and does n't really hold a lot of diapers.Also , I use a wipe warmer , so this is too tall to fit the warmer on top of it under the shelf of the changing table.I found that the diaper stacking bag that matched my crib set held a lot more diapers , and also took up less room because it can hang off the side of the table .
 This says it fits all prince lionheart warmers . Not true , I had to return it and purchase another model which then fit
 I received this organizer two years ago for my baby shower and I love the convenience of having everything I need to care for my baby in one neat area at my fingertips as opposed to having to fish through baskets/drawers etc. . So when we were expecting again and setting up another nursery , I purchased this product from Amazon . Little did I know that it would arrive broken and the return policy for this item expired 48 hours after it had arrived at my home . I did n't open the box right away as it contained holiday gifts as well - now I 'm out the money and I went and purchased another one from a retail store .
 This seemed like a great idea but it does n't work very well for cloth diaper users , like me . I use the top shelf for the wipes warmer and the side pockets for grooming items such as a brush and cotton swabs . However , since my cloth diapers wo n't fit into the diaper organizer , I 'm not sure what to put there . Because of this , there is a lot of wasted space.I would not recommend this product if you use cloth diapers .
 Looks kinda ugly.Plus the manufacturer has gone out of his way to ensure that munchkin wipes warmer does n't fit on top of this . They could easily made it universal and used less plastic in the process!Are they thinking that due to this , I 'll go and buy a lionheart warmer?Not becoming a Lionheart fan anytime sooner .
 Perhaps this would 've worked well in our nursery ; however , when I opened the amazon.com box , and opened the product 's box , I found it broken in two spots . Very disappointed and this was the worst experience I 've had with amazon .
 In theory , this looks like it might be useful . However , the side compartments are really small . Not even an average size bottle of cornstarch can fit in it . When I try go to remove something from there , like a tube of cream , the plastic side piece detaches and I have to click it back into place -LRB- all of these pieces can disconnect , which could be nice , but I found that they would disconnect when I did not want them to -RRB- . The diaper areas in the front do not hold many diapers at all . The top does n't have a non slip grip , so the box of wipes just slides all over . PAIN IN THE REAR . I returned this and bought a large basket that I keep on the changing table edge and just put all my supplies into .
 These beads are not soft at all . They are hard plastic and I was expecting soft rubber beads . Also I paid $ 4.50 and then a few days later they were $ 2.50 . I was disappointed in this purchase and think I will be returning them .
 This would have been an ok teething necklace if it were n't for the Star bead . As another reviewer pointed out , if your child chews on the pointy edge of the star it can be very painful . I have thrown this necklace out after having to pull off the road last week when my child screamed suddenly in the back of the car and was then crying hysterically .
 I purchased this item after hearing comments that a unit that heats from top down works better . I was highly disappointed with this unit as it does not heat the entire wipe , wipes must always be filled to the top and the wipe cools down too quickly . Unfortunately I do n't have the original box therefore can not return the item . I am now going to purchase a warmer that is sold from One Step Ahead that also heats wipes from top down but is not something that attaches to a wipe box . Through friends I have heard this other unit works great and have been reassured that I wo n't be disappointed . Hopefully BabiesRUs will sell this other item in the future .
 I wish I had kept the box!This arrived as a gift off our registry . I attached it to a box of wipes two days ago and plugged it in . My goodness ! It bakes the top piece of the wipe that is sticking out of the pull-slot , but the rest of it is cool.Plus , the adhesive on the gizmo does n't really stick . How would this be good for travel ? You 'd have to keep your original wipes box for all the years you have babies!Lastly , the fire hazard thing freaks me out . It 's probably not a huge deal , but I feel like I am leaving an iron on a stack of tissues . Just my paranoia , maybe.I like the warm wipes idea because I do n't think my child is going to be the type to tolerate a cold wipe on her bottom . -LRB- Her Mama is n't that type ! -RRB- But someone needs to invent a wipes case that is battery operated and durable .
 The idea of a nice warm wipe is great , but the product falls short in perfomance . The warmer is designed for a non-popup type of wipe box . -LRB- If you use pop up wipes , just the part sticking out of the box gets warm , and the rest is cold . If you use the other type of wipe box , it works ok as long as you always keep the wipe box full , which is n't always realistic for a moms and dads . I am returning mine to the store . : -LRB-
 Only the top 1/4 of the wipes are warm ... if you do n't refill the container continously , wipes get cold . Plus , you might consider the ease of use with a pop-up warmer .
 I purchased this wipe warmer because I did n't want a warmer that heats all the wipes . Those cause the bottom wipes to dry out and thus be useless . The top down warmer is supposed to heat only the top few wipes . Well , this warmer only heated the top section of the top wipe that sticks out of the top of the box . It did n't even heat the whole wipe ! I am returning the warmer . It is a complete waste of money .
 I really liked all Nuby products so I decided to give this one a try . So far , I 'm not crazy about it . The material feels very flimsy and cheap , and it 's not squeeze like other nuby products . What I did like are the soft spout - my baby can drink from it -LRB- although a lot of liquid comes out and sometimes he ca n't handle it -RRB- ; it 's easy to clean -LRB- wide top -RRB- and I like the lid that comes with it . The one con is that it 's just like any other sippy cup so I think I could have saved a couple of bucks and time to have it shipped . I could have bought one at my local grocery store!My baby is only 6 months old and still ca n't manage to use it on his own so please read more reviews before you make your decision ! I have n't fully used it yet .
 I would never recommend this to any child and most children starting on a sippy is teething which makes it even more unsafe . I bought 2 of these for my son to start on . I started him using it at 7 months and felt it was the best to use due to the soft mouth part like a silicon nipple . Well he would occasionally bite down like on a nipple and only had it 2 weeks when I noticed the build in valve was broke and hanging there . I read the cleaning instructions and followed them even the part not letting my son chew on it . I took it when he bit on it and made sure when cleaning it nothing poked the valve . I mainly used dishwasher but time to time would push some soapy water through . To my eyes the other one had the same problem . So I got 2 more and called the company about it worried another child might choke and to see if there was some defect . She told me that they should last a couple months not 2 weeks . She said that poking something through while cleaning or even my son biting on it could break it and if I noticed this it was time to throw it out and get a new one . She did say I could send them back and they would be checked but it was probably wear and tear . I went out and purchased the playtex sippy starters and he took to those . No more built in valves . Use caution if you do purchase but I would not buy any more because better safe then sorry .
 even though color may vary , allow customers to choose what color they want.i am very much dissatisfied because i got a pink and i have a boy .
 These sippy cups are worthless . My one-year-old grandson grows so impatient with this sippy that he cries in frustration . The sippy spout collapses due to the suction . Just a couple of swallows and you have to take the cup away and pull the spout back out . Ridiculous . It 's such a dumb and worthless product . I do n't know why this company continues to produce these .
 This cup is awful . I bought it at a local store because I thought it was the Super-spout cup -LRB- which I like a lot -RRB- , but this cup is terrible . The entire top and spout collapse when my son drinks out of it because the small vent holes do not work , and the cup leaks because it is hard to align the removable soft silicone spout part with the screw-on top/handle piece . If I could return these cups I would - they are the worst . The best thing I can say for them is that they are easy to clean .
 It was a waste of money . It leaks like anything and everytime my daughter uses it I have to change her cloth . I 've used other bad sippy cups but this one was the worst . We used it for 2 days only . I wo n't recommend this product to anyone ... sorry !
 My 8 month old took to this nipple very quick . . like 10 minutes quick , unfortunately this sippy cup leaks like crazy.I thought maybe I was n't closing it tight enough , but I give it all I have and it still leaks :-LRB- I 'm sorry I bought these and unfortunately will be buying different ones tomorrow .
 It 's not a bad cup , and easier to clean than the Nuby straw cup , but you can not use it in bed . During the day , it 's fine . But I usually put my little one to bed with some water in a sippy cup . After 3 mornings of completely sopping sheets -LRB- and a screaming baby -RRB- , we had to give up on using this one for bedtime . Back to the Nuby straw cup , which works nicely .
 My daughter had a hard time with this cup ... the opening is very large and she would choke on the water because it came out too fast . I would go with the NUK beginner sippy cups .
 I do n't know what it is about the ergonomics of this cup , but my 10.5 month old ca n't seem to tip it back far enough to drink out of it . She has had it for 2 months and thinks it 's an excellent toy but unless we 're tipping it back for her bottle-feeding style she wo n't actually get any liquid out of it . Instead she sucks on the nipple like a straw , which just sucks all the air out of it and causes it to start collapsing inward on itself . She also bites down on it and lets it dangle out of her mouth and crawls around with it in her mouth like that . Maybe it 's the `` bottom heavy '' nature . I 'm guessing it 's so rounded in order to not tip over as easily ? But I actually prefer the cups that taper to be slightly smaller at bottom with a firmer spout because they fit in cup holders and my daughter has no problem tipping the liquid back into her mouth with those , as the cup naturally slants toward the mouth when tipped back . This cup does not slant toward the mouth but outward , toward the bottom . It has to be tipped all the way back like a bottle , almost , which does n't do much for teaching a child to use a cup . Once the lid is removed they 're going to think they need to tip a normal cup waaaay back and will dump all the liquid directly on their face . I give this cup a resounding
 One of our friends had given my son one of these cups while we were on vacation . The nipple is latex like a bottle and he had to bite down on the nipple to drink from it . It was great for about the first two months , then the little things in the nipple that control the flow managed to break and now the flow is way too fast for him and he decides that the cup is better to water his toys than to drink from .
 This is supposed to be a LEAK proof cup ... NOT ! My daughter had water all over herself from it leaking . No matter how tight I tighten the lid it still leaked from there . And on top of that , the lid is a PAIN to take off . The plastic get slippery to hold when wet and the handle makes it difficult to get a good grip to unscrew the cap . I would definitely NOT buy another one of these cups . Do n't waste you money .
 I was excited to get a set of these cheaply since my daughter likes the Munchkin one she has . These are bigger than the one she has so I thought it would be a great time saver/sanity saver for me so I would n't have to refill so often.The problem is , the spout shifts when you tighten the lid , causing leaks . Then , as she is drinking , it sinks from the force of the suction . Then it leaks . So I thought I would help it release air a bit , but that just made things a lot worse.I will use these for back up or to hold refills for her usual sippy -LRB- I do like that it has a lid that goes over the spout -RRB- but will be getting more Munchkin cups . At least those only leak when you fill them too full .
 We got two of these cups as a gift . They are absolutly horrible . They leak everywhere . I took one to a playdate with us . My son left it on the floor while playing . When I went to pick it up a few minutes later there was a huge puddle of water on the carpet . I checked to see if I lined up the little nubbies and they were . The next time was when we went to the library for storytime . My son put the cup in front of him while listening , after the program was over he stood up and his pants were soaked . Again , I checked the nubbies and yet again they were lined up . While using these at home I always thought he was drinking it and letting it run from is mouth , in fact it was the cup that leaks not his mouth!I stopped using them after the last spill .
 Love the colors and design . Easy for my baby to use but it leaks so badly that I threw them out . Save yourself the hassle of buying this bottle and just pour the liquid directly on the baby , carseat , or floor .
 I was really excited to switch from a bottle to a soft spout cup and when I first got this one , baby had no trouble switching . It did not leak , it appeared to be the perfect cup , that is until it started leaking and the suction is acting funny ! When my son starts sucking on this , the top gets in the cup completely , like a vacuum , I would have to unscrew it to let air in and it pops back out . Also , I am not sure how this happened but the top soft part moved from where it 's supposed to stay and now the handles and the spout do n't align properly . I actually have to hold the cup for him otherwise it 's all off and he is having a hard time figuring it out . I will not using this cup anymore , it just really frustrates me . I got him ones with straws instead and they work much better .
 my daughter loves to feed from this cup because the handles are way comfy . however this cup leaks none stop and this is no exageration !! would have returned it if i lived in the usa !!
 I like the size of this cup , the softness of the spout , the cleanability , and the handles . What I do n't like is that it LEAKS LIKE MAD!I do n't know if it 's my daughters technique , or the cup itself , but every time she takes the spout out of her mouth , a large portion of milk runs down her chin and soaks the front of her shirt.If the silicone top is not lined up absolutely perfectly -LRB- and my baby has a way of causing it to become misaligned -RRB- then it leaks from around the gasket . Also , whenever she drops the cup it always seems to land with the weight of the cup pressing on the spout , allowing the contents to flow out onto her tray or the floor . It is a huge mess maker .
 I had the Nuby 5 ounce sippy and my son took to that but I wanted a sippy with a lid to keep the spout clean during travel . I saw this in a 2-pack at Meijer and thought that it was perfect since it held more liquid and had a lid too . But this leaked from the spout from the get go!I ended up buying a new one , such a waste of money this was !
 We tried this cup and when my daughter bangs it on something hard it leaks . Furthermore , the suction valve is so tight my daughter inverts the silicone top while drinking because she sucks so hard , and then the top is all folded over and she ca n't drink at all ! I am always undoing the lid to release the suction . We have another Nuby cup that has the same problem . You can fix the problem by opening up the valve a little with a sharp knife or blade , but then it leaks more . My daughter 's favorite use of her sippy cup is `` painting '' with water on the bedsheets using her sippy cup . Much to our dismay ! We 've tried two Nuby cups and wo n't ever buy NUBY again .
 My baby is not even born yet and I have to throw this away and get another hamper . I washed it to get ready for the baby and it fell apart at the seams on the first wash . It shrunk so much that it wo n't even fit back on , so I 'm not going to bother sewing it . Waste of 20 dollars . I might just buy a plastic laundry basket to set on top of the frame and at least get use out of the frame . That way I do n't have to bend down to pick up the basket .
 While yes , it is comfortable once you put it on and yes I like that baby can be put in it in various positions however , it does not make up for what a pain in the butt it is to put on and how friggin ' HOT it is . Basically , it is a super long piece of fabric that requires wrapping , tucking , pulling and stretching . It requires a mirror so , forget about taking it on the go . The only way to use it is to put it on at home before you leave . The material is also HOT . I went for a walk w / my 3 week old in it in 74 degree weather . I made it 10 minutes and turned around ... baby and I were drenched in sweat . Jersey cotton is not breatahble especially when its wrapped around you multiple times creating layers and layers . So , if you live somewhere that is warm to hot climate I DO NOT suggest wrap at all .
 Moby Wrap is just a big piece of cloth . It is not easy to wrap around baby securely.The cloth does not allow air to pass through -LRB- is it 100 % cotton ? -RRB- , which poses a hazard.Our friend bought us BABYBJ&Ouml;RN , which is breathable , easy to use , fast , and secure.BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Baby Carrier Air - Gray/White , Mesh
 This is perhaps the first item that I had to ever return because of it 's uselessness . It 's basically a huge piece of cloth that becomes extremely unmanageable with you trying to crawl the baby into it.I would have earned a slot on AFV if my wife shot the way we were dealing with this thing .
 This is a long piece of black cloth that people have figured out how to market really well . I am frustrated by companies trying to convince consumers that products like this are `` absolutely essential '' . Even after reading the instructions carefully , putting the baby is in difficult at best - with my wife helping me as well . That is when the baby is in a good mood . Imagine putting the baby into the folds when she is already screaming loudly - it only makes the colic worse . Aside from the difficulty of use - after I put the baby in , I did not like the way it stretches and thus bends the baby 's back.I can see if the baby is in a good mood and you have a lot of time to put this on - sure it can carry your baby . But I recommend purchasing a standard baby carrier over this any day . They are much easier to use and gives the baby good posture . Just because it seems `` out of the box '' to use a long cloth to carry the baby - does not automatically give the product merit.This is an example of some intelligent marketing people saying `` how can be make consumers believe a long black cloth is a must buy ? '' . To start off you will see that the box that the moby wrap comes packaged in with is filled with `` awards '' . The instruction booklet is very fancy with over smiling parents . Finally they have a high budget website with celebrity endorsements - based on all the 5 star reviews I see all these methods worked great .
 I chose this because it could be used with a newborn and it offers several carrying positions . It worked well when my daughter was first born and very small , but now at two months , when she 's bigger and more active it 's impossible to get her into it . Since it 's already tied to you , you ca n't see what you 're doing and the baby can get tangled in all the weird knots and folds .
 I thought this would be perfect for carrying around my newborn but it was so complicated that I have never used it . I am home alone with my child all the time and this wrap seemed to need at least two people in order to safely place baby in the wrap.It is also super heavy and rough material definately not something I would place my newborn in.I am very disappointed in this product and spent around $ 45 plus for it . . waste of my money .
 I bought this to travel with my 2 month old and did n't end up using it because it was ridiculous to try and wrap this thing around my body what seemed like 10x and then try to put the baby in by yourself!Unless you have someone to help you wrap your body and help you put the baby in , I would n't recommend this at all !!!
 I registered for this and really looked forward to getting it . I really , really wanted it to work . On those rare occasions when I can get my 6-week old daughter into properly , it does work . The problem is that since it 's yards & yards of fabric that you have to re-wrap every time you use it , you never know if baby is going to be in it properly or not ! I tried 10 times this morning to put my daughter in it . She was awake & fidgety , and her head kept popping out . GRR !!! I took her out , put her in the Baby Bjorn instead , and we were just fine . I might try the Moby later when she 's able to hold her head up -LRB- like in ALL the pictures -RRB- , but for a newborn , I do NOT recommend this product .
 I purchased a moby thinking it would be a great way to have my baby close to me . In the end bought an ergo instead and hid the moby in the closet . It was hot to wear , I never fully felt secure that I was wearing it correctly , and was annoyed by having to re-wrap when ever I was needing to take my baby with me . Felt like I always needed the instruction book to put it on , and always needed someone to help me wrap it around . Not my favorite item .
 This thing is way to hard to put on . Particularly when my baby is crying . If I really need to put it on and walk around the house to soothe her , trying to figure it out makes my life about a million times more frustrating than it needs to be . I hate it so very much .
 Terrible ! I was so excited about this after reading reviews . Now I 'm home with a newborn who wants to be held constantly . Well , I 'm confined to a chair or walking and holding without any free arms to do something simple like wash my hands because thevwrap is too small to wrap and hold my baby safely . Terribly disappointed because I 'm maybe a size 14 postpartum , not incredibly large . What a waste of money that has added nothing but frustration .
 I had high hopes for this wrap . My baby was fussy and liked being upright , so I thought that this wrap would work out . Before it arrived on my doorstep , I watched at least 5 different youtube videos -LRB- including the one by the makers of Moby Wrap -RRB- on how to tie the wrap . By the time the wrap arrived , I had no problems tying it . I also followed the instructions that came with the wrap . The issue was that no matter how tight I tied it , my baby would sag in the wrap . If I tied it really tight , then I also had problems putting him in the wrap . The wrap did not provide sufficient head support for my baby , he would sag in the fabric , and I kept worrying that he would get smothered easily . I always had to keep one hand on the baby while he was in this wrap . I returned it back to amazon.I 'll still list the Pro and Cons : Pro : Baby would fall asleep in the wrap within minutes.You can breast feed your baby in the wrap.Con : Poor head support , baby nearly got smothered . Yes , baby was over 8lbs . You have to gauge how tight to tie the wrap every time you put it on.You have to put it on before heading out the door . The fabric is 10ft long , so if you try to wrap it in a parking lot , it will get dirty.The fabric + baby would get very hot . I bought a lighter color so that the baby would not over heat in the sun . Still the wrap was too hot inside and outside -LRB- in 60F weather -RRB- .
 I got this wrap for my newborn . After using an Ergo for two years , I thought I 'd try something different with baby # 2 . I was n't impressed with all the material , and it was confusing on hoe to use . The function was the same as my Ergo ; my Ergo was just easier to use . I ended up returning this item and bought an infant insert for my other carrier instead .
 ... but it just did n't happen . I was never able to get a tight enough wrap , no matter what I did . I tried so many different ways but the baby never felt secure in it . The material is a really thick , high-quality jersey , but I found myself overheating every time I wore it , even when it was winter - and do n't even get me started on how hot this thing was in the summer.Pros : - Really soft , available in tons of nice colors and some patterns.-Machine washable , and it washes nicely.-ummmm ... that 's it , really.Cons : - Hard to use.-Doesn ' t feel secure.-Really hot.I ended up selling mine for about half what I paid for it , and the girl who bought it ended up loving it for her very small baby , so I really do think that for this carrier is great for some people , just not for me . I ended up with a few different woven -LRB- non-stretchy -RRB- wraps and I like those much better .
 We loved the concept of this but it was n't for us . Neither my wife not I -- and especially not our baby :-RRB- -- had the patience to take the time needed to learn how to wrap this correctly and efficiently . We recently got together with several other couples of new babies and other parents had the same comment . Baby bjorn was the hands-down favorite for carrying baby .
 The Moby Wrap was recommended to me in a parenting class and I was drawn in by the number of ways you could wrap it . Unfortunately , I found that that is where the benefits stop . It is one of those things that is good on paper , but not in practice.It is quite long and very cumbersome to wrap in even the most basic way , and you never seem to get the baby seated properly . It was not through lack of trying that I could not make it work , I was home the first 3 months of my son 's life and after 2 months of trying daily , I gave up . The knot makes an uncomfortable lump , the fabric wrapping around you so many times is hot and binding , and the baby is held so close to you it makes them hot too.Plus , the price for what is just a long piece of jersey knit with a serged edge is insulting . Find a Baby Bjorn and do yourself a favor . You may only be able to use it one way , but you arent exhausted by the time you get the baby in it .
 So ... in theory the Moby Wrap is a great concept . I just had my third child 7 weeks ago and registered for it because of all the rave reviews . It sounded great . A fabric carrier that kept baby safe and snug all while being stylish ... awesome right ? ... WRONG ! When I first took it out of the box I was kind of shocked by the amount of fabric it came with . I 'm 5 ' 4 and that thing is like 15ft long ... you do the math . But I did n't let that deter me . I read the instructions countless times and watched the step by step instruction videos about a billion times -LRB- well it felt like it -RRB- . I finally got the hang of it ... but even then it took a while to put on ... all while poor baby is screaming his head off . Then once you have it on there 's no way to adjust it if it 's too loose or too tight without taking the whole thing off and starting all over agin . Also his head never seemed secure ... I still felt like I had to keep a hand on his back or head at all times ... which kind of defeats the purpose of the carrier . Plus he never seemed comfortable . He was always leaning to one side and would fuss after a few minutes.Oh and you can forget about using this thing in public ... unless you put it on before you leave the house and keep it on all day ... which rarely happens because it loosens after awhile . Let me give you a true life example to paint a little picture about how impractical this thing is . We were in a restaurant -LRB- husband and two other small kids -RRB- and our precious baby boy starts fussing . So I pick him up to comfort him . Then after awhile I decide to put the wrap on so I can eat . Let me just say ... it was very comical watching me trying to put it on ... all while trying to keep it from touching the dirty ground ... and with 15ft of fabric that was n't easy ... had to enlist the whole family to help out which was quite the spectacle in the restaurant lol . Another time I took him grocery shopping with me and tried putting it on in the car before we went in ... another frustrating yet comical moment.So all in all was definitely not for us . I 'll give it one star because it may be good for some people . I would say maybe for a SLEEPING newborn ... and if you never leave the house ... that way if it 's touching the floor at least it 's in your own house where you can control the cleanliness.I just bought the new britex baby carrier a week ago and I freaking love it . So simple and easy to use . Baby just slides into place and straps snap right on ... baby feels so secure and safe and comfortable ... falls asleep in it every time . I would recommend that or something like that over the Moby wrap any day .
 I have a lot of carriers -- the Hotsling Adjustable , the Moby Wrap , the Baby Bjorn , the Ergo , and the Beco Gemini . If I had to do it over again , I 'd go with just the Beco Gemini , and maybe the Hotsling.The Beco Gemin is superior to the Ergo because of its versatility . I will say that I like the hood on the Ergo better than the pop-up collar on the Gemini , especially for privacy when nursing -LRB- I 'm sorry I waited so long to try nursing in the carrier ... once I was brave enough to do it , it was so easy ! -RRB- or when the baby is sleeping . I also miss the Ergo front pocket on the Gemini . The buckle for the Ergo is easier to unlock one-handed . But the cons of the Gemini stop there , and are far out-weighed by the fact that I can do front-facing or inward facing with the Gemini.My son loves facing outward , especially now at 13 months , but even when he was much younger , if he was awake , he wanted to face out . The Ergo was only okay for him if he was taking a nap or nursing -- then it was great -- but the Gemini does the same thing , and does outward . Before I bought the Gemini , I was toting along the Baby Bjorn -LRB- incredibly uncomfortable and not ergonomic ! but does outward facing -RRB- or the Moby -LRB- do n't love it for outward facing -- getting my son to sit lotus-style was hard , and if I did n't tuck his feet up , it did n't feel as secure , not to mention the incredible amount of fabric that dragged the floor while I had to set him down to put it on ... to much work ! -RRB- . I already tote enough with the stroller and diaper bag ... two carriers is too much.I loved the Hotsling far more than the Moby when he was a newborn , but he did outgrow it . I never found the sitting position on the side for the Hotsling to be easy or secure , but maybe I just never mastered it , once he was too big for the sling . But the Moby did not get much use at all . I got the Ergo around when he was 4 months , and from that point on , it was my preferred carrier -- if I 'd had it when he was younger , maybe I would n't have loved the sling so much.The Moby Wrap has far too much fabric . It 's hard to remember how to use , but you do get the hang of it the more you do it ... that 's not my problem . My biggest problem was I could n't be holding my baby while I put it on , unlike the Hotsling , Ergo , or Beco Gemini , and the fabric was always dragging on the dirty floor.We did a lot of baby carrying in the early months , as he was not a good sleeper and slept only while being worn or on the go , so I got my use out of the Hotsling and the Ergo ... but once he was older , and he was awake for longer periods , it was hard that I could n't rely on the Ergo ... and that 's when I found the Gemini . I invested in it even though I already had the Ergo because I knew I 'd get my use out of it , assuming it was comfortable.Comfort wise , the Beco Gemini is absolutely just as comfortable as the Ergo . I can do without the pocket , and I can use a blanket if I miss the hood for privacy while nursing , but I do n't have to carry a second carrier anymore , and for that , I love it.I will say the Gemini and the Ergo are both great for air travel -- you ca n't wear the baby in a carrier during take-off or landing , which means you have to unhook the baby if he is sleeping . Fortunately , with both the Ergo and the Gemini , you can unhook the buckle behind your neck and slip your arms out while still holding the baby close , so he wo n't wake ... or at least that worked for me ! Love both for air travel !
 I bought the Baby Bijorn which my son did not like . He may like it as he gets older , but for now , he lasts about 15 minutes in it , and then starts crying . So next I tried the Moby Wrap . I suppose it 's a good idea in theory , but it 's just not very practical . It takes practice to get it tied correctly , and frankly it 's quite comical trying to put it on . It 's so long that it drags on the floor while you 're maneuvering it , and then after the baby is in it , it takes some adjusting to get it just right . What you 're left with is a ton of fabric wrapped around you , and you 're hoping your child is secure . I think I 'll put it in my upstairs bedroom and use it to shimmy down the side of the building in case there 's a fire .
 I bought this because of the high user ratings / comments & a recommendation from my Doula . I also love the idea of wrapping him on because it seems more organic and natural.THE GOOD * Might be decent to use once the weather turns really cool -LRB- winter time -RRB- . THE BAD * Too bulky :
 After hearing my friends rave about how great this was , I really , really wanted to like the Moby wrap . I tried to put it on about a dozen times and gave it a fair chance , but in the end its just way too frustrating for me.Pros : - Nice fabric , did n't find it too hot like the other reviewers . - Lightweight , you can wear it anywhere either with or without the baby , and it packs up small for travelling.Cons : - Very complicated to put on . I mean , I have a newborn , do I really want to have to learn how to do step-by-step fabric origami while she 's wailing away ? I tried the basic holds at least 7 times , but still could n't get it down . - Baby is basically stuffed in there . Despite there being a variety of different holds , they are basically all variations on a theme
 I was introduced to this baby carrier by one of the instructors at a prenatal education classes that I attended who raved about it . I decided to buy it and try it on my twins because it was less expensive than the other baby carrier styles . My babies did n't take to this carrier and did n't like being placed in this at all . Putting it on was a pain too . Ended up returning this and now have a BabyBjorn carrier .
 I bought this since other Mom 's I know raved about it . First I paid $ 50 for what is basicly a HUGE piece of heavy fabric . You then have to practive wrapping this thing around you . It takes time to learn how to wrap it properly . If you want to go any where in public with this thing on you better put it on before you leave the house since you will never figure it out once you are away from a mirror . My daughter cried EVERY time I put her in this . She did n't like it at all . The two times I did get her to calm down and stay in it she got over heated quickly even though she was just wearing a onesie . This material is so thick and having that on the baby plus your body heat and your baby will be cooking ! I gave up and returned it and so did some of the ladies I know after they had the same issue . Great idea , but huge fail . Not to mention if you really want to try this buy some fabric and wrap it around yourself for less then half the cost .
 I could never get this thing to work . It was so confusing . My husband tried to help and it was just frustrating . It kind of worked one time , but it made my shirt all twisted and rode up in the back . I sold it .
 It was easy to follow the instructions but still it was not easy to use and felt unsafe to keep my 5 month old in it . My baby struggled to stay in it and it was not very easy to get him in . I would still stay with other brands of baby carries with the straps and clips . Just feels safer with the other products .
 PROS
 I bought the Moby Wrap , but I found it was too much to wrap and my crying baby does n't have the patience for me to figure out how to wrap it . The material has to wrap around front to back , then flip over both your shoulders in a criss-cross f-f-fashion across your back , and then wrap again in front and knot it on your side -LRB- maybe not all in that order -RRB- . I will try it again when she is 5 months old to see if I have figured it out by then . Until that time , I 'll just use my Baby Bjorn .
 My first suggestion
 I can only get the wrap one way and the baby in the wrap one way . Maybe its me but either way it was a waste of money for us : -LRB-
 I ca n't even put this on !! My baby hated it and it was so huge on me . I 'm 5 ' 2 115lbs and I was taken over by all the fabric . I could see it being a wonderful product maybe for someone larger than myself but for me it was just too big . I 'll give it a few more tries and see if I 'm putting it on wrong or something like that
 Ok my husband and I both have engineering degrees and we could not get this thing to work . Maybe we were analyzing it too much ?? When we did get close , we put our newborn baby in and I was not pleased with how much it covered her face . It 's a shame that these are so expensive just for us to figure out it did n't work for us . We bought a Baby Bjorn and love it - much easier to use.Also , the moby is SOOOOO long I do n't see how you could feasibly put this on in a parking lot or store without it getting covered in dirt and grime . We are not fans of the moby wrap .
 Maybe I would have liked this more if I 'd bought it when my baby was born instead of when he was 15 pounds . I went back and forth about whether I needed it and ended up buying it with intention of using while attending an event that I had to bring my son to . I did n't end up using because I could n't figure it out . It is not as user friendly as they make it seem . For me , it 's always too loose or too tight . I would love to use it more but I ca n't figure it out . Also , since it uses your `` whole back '' it 's supposed to be more comfortable but the times I 've tried it out I always get back cramps . Perhaps it 's because I ca n't tie it right . If you 're going to get one , I suggest going somewhere to try it out first -LRB- like Babies R Us -RRB- and that way you can check out other carriers too . I wish I had .
 We bought a Moby for our 8 month old , when she outgrew another sling carrier we had . I was concerned it would be too stretchy to support her 25lbs . At first , it seemed to work out fine for us , but the more I used it with a hip carry and tried to carry her for longer walks , the Moby stretched a little too much for my liking . With the hip carry , I had to keep retying it because it stretched too much.It seems like a great product for newborns and even less heavy older babies . If yours is in the 95 % + or above for weight -LRB- ours is 8 months , 24-25lbs and 30.5 inches -RRB- I would n't recommend it for long-term carrying . I know that it says the Moby will support 35lbs , but it did n't work for 25lbs in our case . Moby makes a very , very expensive woven wrap that will support the weight of even heavy babies , but I 'm going with Etsy . There 's lots of choices for woven wraps that are $ 35 - $ 45 ; they 're beautiful and made by baby wearing mamas in the U.S. Happy baby wearing !
 we bought this item hoping that it is more than a long piece of cloth , but it was . You have to put it together yourself by folding around yourself . It supports your back good , but I do n't think our baby was so comfortable on it , especially when the baby is less than 3 months old . We have returned the item and got one of the ready to go sets . The pictures are deceiving and they do n't say this is just a piece of cloth and you have to fold around yourself . Overall , we were not satisfied with the product and I think it is little pricey for being a long piece of cloth .
 Heavy fabric , both baby and I are frustrated by the time I am ready to put him in . I get tired just wrapping the ten feet long cloth around my body !
 I 'm an attachment parent so baby wearing is a daily thing for my family . I 've tried every kind of wrap , sling or carrier , and the Moby wrap made me so uncomfortable I almost had to ask my husband to cut me out of it . First off , I 'm tall and slender , and when I would wear my daughter in it , I looked pregnant again . It 's so unflattering . Too bulky . Also , even in the dead of winter , it made me so hot I could n't wear it . I 'm sure I was having hot flashes because of breast feeding hormones , but is n't it inferred/implied that the woman wearing the Moby wrap might be breast feeding ?! If you 're looking for an easy way to wear your baby , IMO go for a ring sling . On a daily basis I use the Sakura Bloom linen slings . It takes a little practice , just like any baby carrier does , but once you get it you just slip your baby in and go . And you do n't have to take it completely apart to take it off . And it wo n't make you look like you 're twice your size .
 Whoever buys a moby wrap in these economic times is an idiot . Go to the fabric store , get 6 yards of stretch cotton , make it 2 feet wide and you have your self a moby wrap !!! HURRAY !!!! Its so awesome ! You can then watch on youtube on how to wrap it . No way im paying 45 dollars for this ...
 I have read a many wonderful reviews of this products -- met many women -LRB- do n't know any men who use them -RRB- who love it . But I found the whole thing horrible . I just felt lost in the endless yards of fabric ... I kept wrapping and wrapping and wrapping . It was like living in a cocoon without the turning into a butterfly at the end -- hot , bulky , too time consuming to get on . I 'm 5 ' 6 '' , but very thin by American standards , so perhaps this is my problem ??? Though the models in the pictures look pretty thin and seem to be having no problem . I found the Bjorn much better , a sling even better and finally an ERGO a dream machine . Sadly I did n't find the ERGO until my daughter was 20 months , and then at 24 months I got pregnant again and was worried about strapping anything to my belly . Anyway , hope this works better for you . I 'm going to try the Moby out again with this baby because I want to believe it can work for me too ... that being said , wish I had never wasted money on this . Buy an ERGO . I know people who can still carry their 4 year olds around in it . You need an additional insert for newborns with the ERGO , so I 'll use the Moby and Bjorn and sling until the baby can switch to the ERGO .
 I was so excited to get this wrap . My baby constantly wanted to be held and I thought this would make us both happy . I was very wrong . It arrived and when I opened it I knew we were going to have issues . It came with a very thick instruction manual and the option to watch a video online . Still , I gave it a try . Many tries . The thing is very very long . First you have to fold it in half lengthwise , then you have to drape it this way and that way , pick up and position the baby , then wrap and tie it . Perhaps if I had eight arms or someone to help me , this would have worked . However , after using it a few times , I returned it . I opted for a more traditional type carrier that I could get the baby in and out of myself ... with my own TWO arms : -RRB-
 I have both a moby wrap and an ergo baby carrier . If you are torn between the two for a newborn , I urge you to buy the ergo with newborn insert.Why ? 1 . Moby is not easy to put on . With a fussy , screaming baby , it is very difficult . In the parking lot with a fussy , screaming baby , it is near impossible .2 . When your baby has finally fallen asleep and you want to sneak him into the crib so you can finally do something for yourself , you must first unwrap him from a mile of fabric without waking him . This reminds me of that game `` Operation '' ; if you accidently touch any of the edges a horrible alarm goes off ... in this case your crying baby .3 . Your newborn 's head is strapped to you and he can not move it to look around . My 6 week old son HATES this!The ergo baby carrier/newborn insert are more expensive , but much , much easier . Life with a newborn is complicated enough ... I have no idea why anyone puts themselves through the torture of this baby wrap . Do yourself a favor and buy something easier for yourself and your baby .
 On recommendation from a friend , and based on so many rave reviews , I registered for the Moby Wrap . I 'm glad I got it as a gift and did n't spend money on it myself.Complicated to figure out/not convenient to use : Putting it on was easy enough to figure out . As other reviewers mentioned , the long piece of fabric drags on the floor when you are trying to put it on . When I do finally get it on , it never quite looks as neat as in the photos or videos . The fabric is more bunched up and twisted by the time I 'm done . Taking it off is a chore and a half . And , as others have stated , storing the wrap when not in use is not easy either.I had to watch the instructional video online several times to figure out how to put my baby in , and never really got it down to memory . This thing is super frustrating , not convenient to use , and I have never successfully used it with my baby.Baby 's not comfortable : When I * think * I 've figured out how to put my baby in and try to put my baby in the wrap , he hates it , and looks uncomfortable . But note that I 've only tried the newborn hug hold . I did n't try the regular hug hold because he was too small , and now that he 's big enough , I do n't even want to bother with the hassle of putting the wrap on because I 've moved on to other more convenient to use baby carriers.One size does not fit all : As long as the fabric is , this wrap is still more ideal for people who are of smaller build . I am 5 ' 3 '' , and postpartum currently about a size 12 . I can get the wrap around me once , just barely -LRB- it 'd be better if I could do an extra wrap around my waist , but I 'm currently too big for that -RRB- . Right after birth it was worse . I could only knot in the back , I could n't even bring it around to the front even one time to knot it in the front . I do n't see how an average man could wear this wrap . I 'm not sure if my husband would be able to put this on -- not that he would ever have the patience to.In terms of a wrap type carrier , I much prefer to use a Mei Tai style carrier -- it 's much easier to put on , and my baby prefers it as well .
 I do believe I made a mistake buying this product ! I did not think it was going to be extremely long to tie around . I did n't think to look at that when I bought it . I only bought it because the reviews said it was great and lightweight also it didnt hurt alot of others peoples backs . I really did not like it I think I will resale this . If it even is a good product to sale ... anybody want it
 This product was a huge dissapointment . I was so excited when I put it on my x-mas wishlist a month after my son was born . Tried to wear it all through x-mas dinner and unwrapping gifts , and it was terrible . The main problem is that the material is STRETCH cotton . My tiny 6lb son started out plastered to my body with the tons of fabric nearly smothering him , then slowly would slip down into a little ball and the fabric would be completely covering his head , which was obviously unsafe . It was also very warm - TOO warm . I tried just once walking outside with him in it in the middle of a Washington , D.C. winter and I was sweating.If it were made of plain cotton it might work . Plain cotton would be more breathable , too . It 's advertised as being made of `` stretch cotton '' but I 'm sure it actually has some polyester or other substance that gives it the stretchiness , and also makes it suffocating for mom and baby . Anyway , if it were plain cotton you may as well just buy a bolt of plain cotton from the fabric store for a lot less.I would n't recommend this product to an enemy . If it were possible , I 'd give it 0 stars .
 I realize that I am in the minority as someone not thrilled with this particular baby carrier , although everyone I know who has one loves it . I can see that the even distribution of weight across the shoulders is a big issue , but a Baby Bjorn does that with less fuss and bother -LRB- although with more contraptions -RRB- . This is basically a HUGE LONG piece of fabric -LRB- and they really need to think about making this is sizes for smaller people because it is ridiculously big -RRB- that is quite an ordeal to figure out how to configure properly . Like , how am I supposed to put this on in my car when the ends drag several feet all over the ground when I 'm standing up ? Perhaps I have n't figured it out right , but my newborn 's head flops around too much for comfort , and , rather than being comforted by the sling , she always gets frustrated at not being able to nurse . But the biggest peeve I have with this is the color is called `` Indigo ! '' Color names should not be given by whim or whimsy . Cerulean is not interchangeable with Cyan , nor is Periwinkle interchangeable with Cobalt . `` Indigo '' is a dark violet blue , and not this light steel blue . This is especially important as colors pictured on the internet are not always as they appear . Very annoying indeed .
 When I ordered this product I was very excited ! During check out , I left my old address on the shipment and did n't notice until a day later . I was upset ! I decided to email the seller to see if there was any way they could cancel it . They replied with a ride e-mail . I understand that they ca n't refund a product that has already been shipped , but I did not show that it had been . I replied to the e-mail stating that I would not reccomend this company 's services and recieved a string of personal attacks ! Calling me unstable ! I am extremely dissapointed in the lack of professionalism . I would not order from this company again . I ca n't believe I 've been attacked over an order . And they still got paid ! DO NOT order your moby from this seller .
 Its horrible , I dont know why anyone would pay 40 bucks for a length of fabric you need to wrap yourself and the baby up with.Beware , if you do not do it correctly and tie a good knot , the baby will fall out .
 I 've been struggling getting the wrapping right on this - it 's just a really long piece of fabric and a book of instructions about the various ways to wrap it around yourself to form a sling . Sometimes the baby has adequate head support , sometimes I basically support her with my free arm to make sure her head does n't snap back , or to make sure she does n't have her chin too close to her chest . Anyway , I was just doing some work around the house and thought the baby 's head was secure , but it was n't , and her head snapped backwards , hard , out of the wrap . I am so upset .
 Even though it comes with instructions , it is way too complicated to use . I was hoping to use it around the house but you need to know some acrobatics and balancing skills to get the baby securely in this thing . Not to mention , it shrunk 2 feet after I washed it -LRB- following the instructions , mind you -RRB- . Now I have to tighten it in the back versus the front . It 's now destined for the donation pile . The Baby Bjorn is easier to use .
 Dear AmazonI have not received the item purchased . I tried to contact the hotel to see if the product had gotten there , but did not get news.Still do not receive the item `` moby wrap '' purchased.mara
 This was entirely too complicated use it a whopping 2 times . I would spend 20 minutes each time trying to place it and my baby correctly and still did not feel safe carrying her around in it . Conceptually it seems awesome , but way too much work than i really want to spend when there are other products that are cheaper , faster , easier , and that my baby liked more . I preferred a baby carrier instead .
 I read such great reviews on this product , and I was really excited at the idea that I could carry my baby and breastfeed discreetly and hands-free ! Unfortunately , learning to put it on and having the time and space to tie the damn thing was ridiculous . As a new mom , time is non-existent . I needed something that I could put on and just go ! In the end , I reverted back to my Baby Bjorn carrier . My suggestion is to ask around , even try a few out before purchasing if you can . Save yourself the waste of time and money to see if you will actually use the thing . Gon na be posting mine on Craigslist now .
 I read so many good reviews on this and bought it . Very very disappointed and pissed off . The baby did n't like it . It was too uncomfortable for him . He was barely a month old . The material is sooo bad . My husband washed it and came back shrunk ! I could n't wrap it around my waist anymore and I 'm not a big girl . I 'm average size . I just lost $ 60 bucks for this crap . Better to buy a real baby carrier at BabiesRUs or something . They should make this preshrunk .
 I like the idea and was excited but it did not fit . I wish they would make different sizes . I 'm not gigantic I 'm only 160 lbs but after putting it on my baby barely fit . Very disappointing .
 It just takes too long to put on . It is hot and too much fabric I completely agree with D.Fung the babybjorn baby carrier is what I ended up buying and using all the time . Love the babybjorn!This product is just too much to handle in this fast paced world.I would not spend the money on the Moby wrap.I never used it and will never use it for my future baby .
 I know people love this thing but my husband and I never felt like we could get it tight enough to feel that she was secure in it . Granted , we only practiced with it a few times but in my opinion , if I need to practice with something , with a newborn in my house , it 's not user friendly . Thus , we gave up on it and returned it for something we could easily just throw her in .
 I was very excited about this modern `` rebozo . '' I thought I would love it . But when it came down to it , my baby HATED it . He cried every time I attempted to put him in . I did n't particularly like it , either . It was hard to put on and I could n't deal with wrapping so much heavy fabric around me . Once on , it was hot and overall felt like a straight jacket . For the price , I would give it a try , it might work for you as for so many people , apparently . If not , I would recommend an Ergo Baby . -LRB- But I ca n't comment on the newborn insert though , since I got it when my baby was already 6 months old . -RRB-
 The long wrap drags all over the ground and picks up whatever disgusting ick is on the ground . Imagine putting this wrap on in a store , parking lot , camping , park , playground or even at home where it will pick up lint , pet hair , carpet fibers , etc. . And then imagine wrapping the disgusting ick all over your body and your baby.It takes a lot of time to wrap it around your body and multiple adjustments to get it feeling right . Then , when you put the baby in , you have to readjust again for the baby . If you have to do this while the baby is fussing or crying you will be going out of your mind . And if it is warm out , you will get all hot and sweaty.Basically , the wrap is dirty and annoying . I 'd rather just carry the baby .
 I recommend this product before your baby arrives . Trying to figure it out with a newborn is no fun . Honestly it 's a huge pain to put on !! It 's super long and I 'm a skinny person . I also have zero patients . I also felt like I could n't get it tight enough and didnt feel safe putting my baby in it ! But that 's just me and lots of people use the moby and love it . It 's just not for me . I tried various products and the only thing my baby will sit in is a balboa sling ! Used safely and properly of course . Good luck !!
 My daughter is still settling down from 3 failed attempts . I am a very coordinated guy . I can figure out anything . I swear I can pack 3 car loads of groceries into one.I watched the videos then tried to get her in . Mind you she is a very quiet baby , cries only for the basics , diaper , hungry ect . First try she was upset , second she was distraught , third she was clearly pissed.If you can figure this out your a genius . God bless you and the week you took to do it.I gave it two stars because I found a wonderful use for it . I cut it up into blanket sizes and the elastic properties make them into wonderful swaddles . Heck I might just by more for that . I mean it is what 15 feet long .
 This thing is like 10 feet long and super hot . I gave it an honest try and could n't stand it . WAY too much fabric and WAY too difficult to get comfortable .
 The specifications on Amazon state
 A friend recommended this to me and loved it but I had a hard time figuring out how to use it . I decided to stick with my Bjorn instead .
 I got this as a shower gift and I have never used it . I wish I had gotten one that was n't so complicated to use .
 I think this is for larger people . It was way too much fabric . Used twice then gave away . I just got the ergobaby and it is awesome !!!!! My 15 mo loves it . Much easier and fits any body size parent
 I bought this because of all the great reviews . When I received mine , I was surprised at how complicated and time consuming it is to put on . It is basically a long piece of fabric that you need to wrap around yourself . Since a lot of parents seem to be happy with this sling , I 'm wondering if it 's just me that finds it too fussy to use . Being made of cotton , I can see how this can be comfortable for the baby . However , if you are like me who wants to put a sling on easily and quickly , I would suggest going the Baby Bjorn route .
 I am so disappointed in this ridiculously long piece of fabric . It is soft and the sand color is pretty , but thats it ! It drags on the floor and you have to spend time adjusting it so it isnt tangled.I still cant get it to crisscross properly w/out the front hanging all over the place . I am not happy and would never recommend it . There are less complicated wraps out there I will try . Waste of $ $ $ !!
 We were less than impressed with this product . While it 's functional , it 's not always the most practical carrier . If you 're in public , trying to put on this EXTREMELY long piece of fabric is hard to manage and difficult to keep from dragging the ground . We wanted it for trips into the grocery store , etc. so we would n't have to use the car seat as our son 's getting heavy and the car seat takes up a lot of room in the buggy . But to stand in the parking lot of a grocery store trying to manipulate this piece of fabric without letting it touch the ground is not easy . I guess we 're just a couple of germophobes , but if something touches the ground in a parking lot , we not putting it next to our baby 's face .
 Wow , where to begin . First off , just know that the Moby wrap is essentially a 20 foot long piece of semi-stretchy fabric . That 's it . And what you 're supposed to do is wrap this 20 foot long thing around your body . So just imagine trying to do that ... both ends are dragging all around the floor , you 're doing all sorts of wrapping and tucking and folding ... the thing is just completely unwieldy . It 's nothing but frustration.So , let 's say you finally manage to get it wrapped around your body . Now , you have to figure a way to stuff your baby into one of the folds of the wrap . And if you manage to get your baby in there -LRB- good luck doing it on your own -RRB- , now you have to make sure he/she stays in there ... if you did n't wrap it just right around your body , there wo n't be enough support to keep him/her supported hands-free . I 'm sure people will say that I 'm not doing it right , etc. . But listen , it 's a friggen baby sling . I do n't want to sit around having to study how to put this thing on and then practicing it until I can do it in an efficient manner . My wife and I gave it about 5 serious attempts at getting it right , and we finally just gave up.I mean , seriously , imagine that your baby is crying away ... are you really going to be in the mood to wrap this ginormous swath of cloth around your body , hope you did it correctly , and then try to stuff your baby into it?Ugh , worst product ever . Just thinking about it makes me angry .
 A friend suggested we purchase this . She had one and loved it , but it was not for me . I spent an hour attempting to figure out how to put the stupid thing on before I just gave up . It is crazy long . I 'm petite , -LRB- 5 ' 2 and 110 pounds -RRB- . I could wrap the `` extra '' around my waist 3 times . I did eventually sort of get the wrap on only to discover my baby hated it . He kicked and wiggled the entire time . I ended up ordering a Bjorn , which I love . If you are short , I would think twice about getting this .
 Loved the product , it felt comcortable especially with baby in it . But about 10 minutes later baby was HOT and so was I . If you or you baby is hot natured then do n't buy .
 I found the Moby very cumbersome to get in & out of . There is sooo much fabric that it is a lot to wrap around & under & thru to get to positioned correctly . Also , once I took it off , it was so tangled and twisted that you had to spend extra timing untangling it . I found it impossible to get it wrapped correctly unless I had the wrap laid out all nice & neat . So , any time I had to take my son out , it was a lenghty process of getting it unwrapped , laid out perfectly and then re-wrapped . If you were out & about in public , this would be almost impossible to do . Also , the knot I had to make at the small of my back to keep the wrap secure was uncomfortable for me . I could n't sit in any kind of chair without it digging into my back . Another big drawback is that my husband refused to wear the wrap . Every woman that I 've ever known that has had a wrap says the same thing - their husband refuses to wear it too.Once I did get it on , my little guy was rather content in it . It was great when he was 2-6 weeks old and would get fussy in the evening . However , after 30-45 minutes of being snuggled in so close to me , he would get hot and fussy . After about 6 weeks , he got too squirmy and hated being in the wrap . At that point , I bought the Baby Bjorn and he loved it . I , admittedly , have not used the Moby for any position other than the ones intended for the infants . However , my trouble with the Moby was getting it on/off , which will be problematic with any position.All & all , I think I should have gone with the Baby Bjorn or a sling from the very beginning !
 It 's useful in the house , but not practical for anything else . If I wear it out on a walk with the baby , we are both sweating -LRB- i tend to be cold , but there really is a lot of fabric ! -RRB- . I ca n't use it outside the house because it drags on the floor when you are trying to put it on -LRB- which can be difficult by yourself as it is -RRB- . But if you are in your clean air-conditioned house , it is useful especially for newborns . My two month old does not like it unless she is nursing to sleep , but then I always wake her up getting her out ! So , useful but in limited settings .
 Ok , I am a sleep deprived new mother , this thing took having another girlfriend come over to help me put it on , watching ayoutube video and then it was still overwhelming ... forget it ! I went with a simple sling that I love .
 I 'm 4 ' 10 '' and the Moby Wrap swallowed me up ! I even got the `` shorter '' version which still ended up being too big . I tried wearing it several times but I felt like I was wrapping myself in a sheet . I ended up getting a Becco Butterfly which was a lot more money but worked better with my body type .
 I really wanted to like this wrap . But it was a pain to get in and out of and the fabric dragged on the ground . Just not cool in dirty parking lots . I found myself constantly fiddling with it since it did n't seem like it was on right , or the baby looked like she was in crooked , or her head needed support , etc. . It was also tough on my back and the baby was only 7 # . I used it a few times and ended up with a Baby Bjorn , which was much easier to use .
 I bought a Moby Wrap after much research about babywearing and slings . The product is very good quality and I really wanted it to work but it really is n't made for small people . I 'm barely 5 ft. tall and about 100 lbs . and it just did n't work . The fabric is overwhelming and I could never get it to wrap like in the photos or online videos . The large amount of fabric totally enveloped me and not in a good way . I 'm sure this is a great product for more average sized people , but I recommend that petite moms get a more traditional sling rather than a wrap-style one .
 We chose the Moby Wrap and the Baby Bjorn before the birth of our son . Our pediatrician advised us not to use either really until our baby could hold his neck up . The exception was if we used the Moby wrap in an infant style hold.After using the Moby , I would not recommend it for three reasons :1 . Slips and comes undone if you are moving much or on the go . This means you are constantly adjusting and readjusting and worrying if your child is going to slip and fall out of the wrap .2 . Awkward to put on and take off .3 . Baby 's head constantly slips down under the folds and you worry about your baby being able to get enough air.When our son could hold his head up , we started using the Baby Bjorn and never looked back .
 I wanted this to work ! I have a three month old who has never liked being put down since day 1 of life . While that was great at the start , I have 2 other kids , 3 dogs and a household that depends on me to do more than sit in one spot holding the baby all day . The moby was nice at the start , as long as we had time to put it on and even then , she cried after just a little while . I find this thing to be hard to use , especially without a mirror in front of me . I have to put the baby down while getting it ready and that just makes her scream . What 's more , as she gets heavier , this gets harder to wear . I wanted to be among the baby wearing types , and I 'd certainly like my arms back , but this just is n't going to make that happen . The babyhawk has worked better for us -LRB- still not perfect ; she likes just to be held in my arms -- only time will help with that -RRB- . Buy your baby a crib mobile to keep her interested for a few minutes instead of buying this . Save your shoulders and teach her a tiny bit of independence .
 Bought this about two years ago . It was crap . I did n't like it at all . I did not feel safe having my baby in this thing at all ! Ended up buying a different carrier by Evenflo ... a front to back carrier it was great and half the price : -RRB-
 This was the highest customer rated wrap on Amazon so I bought one . I found it difficult to figure out , not as comfortable as I thought it would be , and too time consuming to get in and out of . I think it might be good if you are n't looking for anything quick and you have someone help you put it on the first few times . A one piece carrier that just snaps into place like the Ergo or Baby Bjorn seems to be easier .
 I ordered this carrier because it had promising reviews and seemed less intimidating than the Bjorn carriers . What a mistake . Putting this thing on is very very involved , and its also very hot . On top of it all , my baby was completely squished when inside it , and hated it . Get the Bjorn -LRB- or something analgous -RRB- they are actually easier to use , and a lot more ergonomic for you and for your baby .
 I really , really wanted to like the Moby . I 'm the kind of mom who likes many aspects of the `` crunchier '' parenting ideas like baby wearing , cloth diapering , breastfeeding , etc but I am not quite committed enough to make all of them work into my lifestyle . The Moby was one that just did n't work for me . I was overwhelmed by the size of the Moby -LRB- basically 12 feet of tapered fabric -RRB- but I did manage to get it on pretty well by watching some YouTube videos . Still , I felt like I was squishing my 5 week old daughter , I could never get her head tucked just right for support , it was HOT , I could n't get it put together quickly enough for my daughter not to be hysterical by the time I got her situated , and it hiked up my shirt every time so I was both uncomfortable and had to deal with my tiger mauling stretchmarks being on display until I could adjust my clothes . I ended up buying a Beco Butterfly and that has been a great compromise for me . I get to wear my baby but it was enjoyable from day 1 , with no steep learning curve like the Moby .
 This was exactly what I was looking for . It is a great idea but it was too much material.I really tried hard to make this wrap work but it was quite difficult putting the baby into the wrap . She was practically dangling from my arms as I tried to fit one leg in and then the next ... I just gave up and sent this back .
 I guess I should 've read the description more thoroughly , but I purchased this product by looking at the photo alone assuming it was an easy to use front carrier for a baby . I was disappointed when I got the product only to discover I could 've used my king size flat sheet for nothing instead of this piece of fabric for $ 40 . If you have time to practice the various techniques , you may like this product . But if you 're like me , and you do n't have time to practice & want to use it right away , you 'd be better off with the Baby Bjorn or something similar . Seriously , I think a flat sheet could do the same thing as this product . Very disappointing for the price .
 The Moby Wrap is good for taking walks . It is comfortable and did n't slip down as much as the Baby Bjorn I had . It does get hot in the summer but is fine if the weather is not too bad . It does allow you to breastfeed discreetly , even with people sitting next to you . Unfortunately , it is a pain to put on when you 're out . It is a long piece of cloth that wo n't fit in your diaper bag . And it drags on the ground as you 're putting it on . I usually put it on before I head out the door.On a recent plane trip , airport security did not allow me to walk through with it on . I was so annoyed at the thought of taking the Moby Wrap off and having it dragging on the ground . I had thought it would be easier than carrying a stroller with me in the plane . But when I need to go to the bathroom , the baby almost fell out when I bent over.You can not do chores while using the Moby Wrap . The baby goes in the front , so you ca n't do dishes . And if you vacuum , you ca n't bend over to pick anything up or the baby will fall out -LRB- if he/she is more than 4 months -RRB- . If I had to do it again , I would get a carrier that will allow the baby to be carried in the front and in the back . I 've heard good things about the Breeze Wrap and mei tais . I think there are better baby carriers out there .
 I recently bought this item thinking it would be ideal for my 2 month old daughter . It was a complete waste of money . I actually threw it in the trash at an airport because I was tired of it.It 's impossible to manage unless you 're at home putting it on . In public it just rolls on the floor while you put it on , picking up all sorts of dirt and germs . You ca n't wrap it on when it 's just you and your little one unless you have somewhere to put the baby . When it arrived , I practiced putting it on and tried the different styles . My daughter was okay with being in it but certainly did n't love it . I kept putting her in it at home to get used to it . She never did.Also , it does not fit in a diaper bag . Forget trying to get it back in the little bag it comes in ! You ca n't wear it through airport security , so you have to wait to put it on . It makes breastfeeding more difficult because it takes up your entire chest . -LRB- The breastfeeding hold does n't make it easier . -RRB- It 's so big and thick that it makes you hot.You 'd be better off buying another sling/carrier that is smaller . I wish I 'd never bought one .
 I 'm one of those moms who will try anythng if it makes my baby happy.The Moby appears to be the geatest thing since sliced bread.I 've seen the Moby in use with other moms and always admired how close and secure BOTH mom and baby looked so now 8 months pregnant I ordered one.First thought
 I can totally see the benefit of using this and the material is great and very soft , however , I did not enjoy this so much . Lots of fabric to wrap around and I 'm not the most patient which is probably why this did n't work for me . I also had a very small baby so she slipped right through , I was worried about suffocation risks so I took her out . Another thing to consider is when you 've got a screaming newborn , do you really want to be fussing over all this fabric ? I ended up buying the baby hawk and it worked great for us .
 This thing is so long and is not user friendly . It is frustrating when trying to get things in order out in public and trying to deal with this VERY long chunk of fabric . When the ground is wet and the fabric is draped all over it , it does n't go well . Would NOT recommend to anyone !
 She always looked like she was being smothered in this thing.It was only good for strapping her to her father loosely while he played video games to give mommy a break .
 After hearing everyone rave about how great it was , I bought one of these while I was pregnant . Even then , I found it way too complicated . I read the book , watched all the videos , had people help me . I loved the idea of the Moby Wrap , but it was too much fabric and took too long to put on . I ended up getting an Ergo , and could not be happier . I can put my baby in the Ergo in a snap and it feels much sturdier than the Moby did . Wish I could say I liked it , but it just was n't for me .
 The Moby wrap is just a long piece of fabric with instrucions on how to wrap it around yourself and baby.Try to do that with a squirming cranky child . It 's next to impossible .
 I thought this looked easy and comfortable , but when it arrived it was just a big long piece of fabric . it 's like 15ft long!which is a pain to put on if you 're out in a restaurant or someplace as the fabric touches the floor.I do n't think this is a clean design - it touches the floor attracting dog fur and other dust gets on the wrap.it `` s a pain to use in a hurry , and I felt like it was a hassel more than anything.Wish it came with a DVD on how to use and tie.I 'm gettgin rid of it because I think it ' t not easy nor functional for a new mother on the go .
 My baby was fussy and spitting up at 3 weeks . Pulled out the Moby and fought the 12 foot long unmanageable contraption that when finally put together properly -LRB- which seemed to take much longer than I remembered when I tried it before baby was born -RRB- the baby screamed the whole time and in the end I was exhausted , muscles strained and the baby hated it and spit up all over me and him and the Moby several times.I have always been good with instructions and putting things together and taking them apart . I 'm not one of those people that ca n't handle something complicated . If your are taller than 5 ' 2 then maybe the yards of fabric wo n't be so unmanageable and suffocating . Overall a HUGE disappointment for me .
 This wrap is too complicate . It 's not easy to wear . My husband has no time for it . I returned it and bought some thing else that we both can wear .
 With all of those wonderful reviews , my wife bought the wrap for our cranky 7-week old baby . Unfortunately , we returned it right away . The procedure to wrap and unwrap is a bit complicated and your baby needs to be pretty comfortable just `` hanging out '' while you hold him/her and spin the fabric around you . Speaking of which the product is literally just a long roll of fabric , cut to the proper dimensions of course and made from really soft material , but their is no magic happening here . Unfortunately we ended up returning this product after two days of failed attempts to really get the wrap snug and the baby did n't really enjoy being in any of the positions suggested in the manual . A bit disappointed because the baby does enjoy being in `` standard '' carriers with buckles and clamps .
 I got this for a baby shower gift and I was so excited about it because I read so many wonderful things about it . After my baby was born I tried to use it and boy , I hate it ! I had struggle with this stupid thing while my infant son was crying just to figure out how to put it on . After a week , I finally got a hang of it . But I would have to ask someone for help if I want to use the wrap -- either to hold my son or I need to find a place safe to lay him down while I put the wrap on . The wrap is just one very long cloth . The first time I wanted to use this in public I realized that half of it was on the floor touching all of the dirt and germs and then I get to wrap this thing around my newborn . Hmmm , no thank you ! You are better off trying other carriers . I so regret asking for the wrap as a baby shower gift . What a waste of money and I feel horrible for asking my friend to get this for me when I only used it for a few weeks because it simply is just a pain to use.I highly suggest actually trying it out -LRB- if a friend has one -RRB- before buying it . For a piece of long cloth , it is over priced . I would not recommend this to anyone and I am still trying to figure out why people love this so much . NOT worth the money one bit !
 It could just be my little one , and you may have better luck , but I wish I had n't wasted the money on this . I tried it several different times during her first month of life . The `` cradle hold '' she cried in and I could never get her to the correct position so that her chin was n't on her chest . The other hold , the `` newborn hug hold '' she would tolerate , but only if her head was out , so I 'd end up supporting her head with one hand , so I was n't totally hands free . Now I 'm stuck with and over-priced long piece of fabric . Maybe we 'll try it again later when she has head control , but I ordered the Ergo today and have a feeling she and I are going to love it!Another thing to think about
 Even though my son was a big , strong boy from birth , I felt very nervous about wrapping him up in the Moby before he had good neck control . It comes with a big warning in the instructions that incorrect use can result in death ! Not what a sleep-deprived , postpartum mommy needs to worry about . But , the `` babywearing '' people had me convinced that this was a necessary thing to do in order to ensure that my baby and I would bond , so I tried and tried to get this to work.I 'd get my son into this thing , only to look down and see him with his chin on his chest , and it would freak me out so I 'd take him back out and re-wrap the Moby and put him back into it to try to get a better angle/fit . Needless to say , after doing this two or three times , he would not be very happy and I 'd usually be in tears.Once he was a little bit older and had good neck control , he no longer wanted to be wrapped up in the Moby at all , and would scream his head off as soon as I tried to put him into it , no matter how calmly I moved , and no matter how drowsy he was when I attempted it . Since my baby was very mellow and good-tempered , I took this to mean he hated the Moby.Because it is very stretchy , it has to be worn pretty tight in order to be remotely ergonomically useful for the wearer . Often , his legs would have big red marks after just a few minutes in the Moby . I even had a `` professional baby wrapper '' come to my house to help me figure this thing out.Rarely , I would get the perfect wrap and get him into it properly on the first try , and then -- I must say -- he would fall asleep in it for an hour to 90 minutes -- which was like a miracle for our catnapper ! However , the Moby is VERY hot and we would both be soaked in sweat at the end of his nap , even if I was topless and he was only wearing a diaper.The only carrier he ever fell asleep in reliably was the good ol' Bjorn . He would fall asleep with his head on my chest and sleep for 40-60 minutes . I felt completely confident that the Bjorn was safe , and I could see his head and neck clearly when I looked in the mirror . He could also face outward in it once he had neck control , without sweating profusely . Of course , the Bjorn does n't allow 100 % `` skin to skin '' contact , so if you 're bent on that , then I guess try the Moby . I hope that you will have better luck with it than we did.I 'd say we got about 6-8 good uses out of the Moby . I really wanted it to work for us , and it was extremely frustrating and disappointing that it was of such limited value .
 I bought this wrap because the description said it was good for any size baby up to 35 pounds , including preemies . Well , it arrived yesterday , and the directions that come with it say to wait until the baby is 8 pounds . I 'm very disappointed .
 Althought it has many way of adjusting to the baby , but with the current heat its immpossible using this wrap for the baby ! The wrape is so long that it required many technical wrap around your body to find a good fit and once its in place there is not much adjustment you can do ! The baby will have to be in there without much wiggle room . I end up returning it .
 I was excited to get my Moby Wrap , but have been disappointed with it . When you are out and about , the last thing you want is to have to put that stinkin thing on because the fabric is so long , it drags on the floor as you put it on . Once on , it begins to ride up my torso , so I 'm constantly pulling the wrap down . It really only works when your baby faces your chest , however , my daughter dislikes that position . I 'm gon na try a Bjorn , which is what I should have just gotten to begin with .
 I got one of these as a gift and was excited to use it ... until I tried to use it . I have followed the instructions , watched videos etc and I despise the Moby Wrap . It is awkward to fold -LRB- or even to bunch up -RRB- awkward/annoying to put on and my baby HATES it . Also , I overheat even when it 's 65F outside while wearing it . Once it 's on , I ca n't wait to take it OFF.I 'm going to save up for an Ergo carrier , fits my lifestyle MUCH better than the Moby .
 My son is 15 months old and 27 pounds . I am 5 ' 1 '' and 110 pounds . This carrier is not for us . I found the wrap to be too long and bulky . This is a definite return .
 I am college educated but when it came to this wrap I felt pretty dumb . It would take me forever to put on just right . It was either to tight or to loose . With a crying baby and needing to get something done , this just was not the wrap for me . I used it maybe twice . I heard great things about this wrap , but sadly it just was n't the one for me .
 My newborn hates it and so do I. I should have just gone with the bjorn carrier . Who has time for all the folding and tying ? And after following both the instructions and the YouTube video my baby did not feel secure at all . I gave it a few tries . I give up !
 I gave birth in July and I live in the South , so it is unbearable hot to wear this , add the wrapping technique and you get a very very very frustrated and sweaty me -LRB- I do n't sweat almost at all -RRB- . My daughter hated being in the Moby wrap . Thanks to a friend of mine who gave me Over the Shoulder Baby Holder I get to carry my baby around other wise I would n't have . I hope I can sell it to at least make something out of it , I have worn it maybe 5 times in 3mo :-LRB- I know it works for some people but not me ...
 We wanted to be moby lovers/users , but our daughter does not like being carried in it -LRB- she is now two months and has not liked being carried it in since the beginning -RRB- . We are holding on to our moby wraps in the hope that she may change her mind as she gets bigger , but we find we get no use out of our moby and A LOT of use out of our slings . Also , the thing is SO LONG . We are each 5 ' 9 &#34; and the thing drags on the floor as you try to put it on . I know it works for some people , so if you decide to go this route best of luck , it just was n't for our little girl .
 I really wanted to like this product . Maybe I did n't try it enough or give it enough effort , but it was very frustrating to figure out how to tie it and even when I got it I did n't like it.I tried to use this on a vacation where we did a lot of walking . I am 5 ' 2 and it was just way to much fabric , and in the heat of florida it was a torture to wear . I ended up using a stroller 90 % of the time and I really did n't want to.A few months later when my son went through a phase where he did n't want to be put down , I tried using this again around the house and It just was n't secure . My son is a pretty big baby and it just was not comfortable .
 Bought this and a Baby Bjorn Synergy and by far prefer the Baby Bjorn . Loved the idea of the Moby but it 's a pain in the rear to put on -- it can be done but not quickly and certainly not while holding the baby . Plus , it 's HOT with all that fabric . So if we want to drive to the store and then go into the store with her wrapped up with me , I either have to put it on at home and wear it empty during the drive or -LRB- HA ! -RRB- try to put it on in the car or in the parking lot . NO way . By contrast the Baby Bjorn goes on in 2 seconds and I can get her popped into it EASILY.Plus , the Moby sort of keeps her scrunched up , I was forever having to check to make sure her face had n't fallen forward -LRB- rebreathing / smothering concerns -RRB- or was n't completely thrown back crimping her neck . And it was hard to get her into it , I sort of had to squash her -LRB- for reference she was 8 - 10 lbs , less than a month old when I was trying to use the Moby -RRB- . If she was asleep , putting her in the Moby was sure to wake her up and make her cranky . If she was already fussy , FORGET it , she would just WAIL while I tried to put her in it.Oh , and we have dogs , so the soft knit fabric was a fur magnet . Plus it was IMPOSSIBLE to keep the ends off the floor when trying to put it on .
 This worked pretty well when my baby was a newborn because he did n't mind facing towards me , but even then he would get tired of the wrap and scream out in protest to get out of it pretty quickly . I 'm wondering if he got too hot . I got annoyed with having to undo the whole thing after I only got about 15 minutes of wear time out of it , so I really did n't use it much . Plus , we have 4 dogs and 3 cats , so there is always some animal hair on the ground that the wrap picks up during the wrapping process . Now that my baby is 4 months old and only wants to face forwards or looking over my shoulder when being held so that he can see what is going on , the only option is the `` Lotus '' wrap , which is awkward to get just right . I hate feeling like I am just cramming my baby 's legs into the front flap like a little pretzel and expecting his contorted little legs to take some of his weight . I am a physical therapist and therefore very cognizant of joint development .
 I decided to buy the Moby wrap after reading all the great reviews . It must be great , right ? Wrong ! As soon as I unrolled it I knew I was in trouble ! The directios are n't the easiest to follow , and it 's hard to manage over 8 feet of fabric . By the time I managed to properly put on the wrap and then wrangle my 6-week old daughter into it , she was screaming . Over the course of the day , I tried several different holds with the wrap -LRB- some I never did figure out how to do , and I have a college degree so it 's not my lack of intelligence -RRB- . Each time my daughter was crying hysterically by the time I got her in . I pulled my Baby Bjorn out and she loves it . I 'd save my money and buy a simple , easy to use carrier like Baby Bjorn . Moby wrap is going back today !
 I got this wrap because my baby is a frequent nurser and need to be able to have my hands free sometimes . I 've tried nursing her in this wrap over and over and I still have to hold her head up to me or else she ca n't reach it . I think this product needs to come with better instructions . I have looked all over the web for more instructions on this but nothing helps.Also , I think this product is a bit too pricey for just buying a piece of material ~ because thats all that it is !! If you are on a tight budget like me , learn how to MAKE YOUR OWN . As you will save a ton of money on this !! Do n't do what I did and buy a basic piece of material for -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks !!!
 I had some back issues after birth , so wearing this wrap did not feel good to me . It was also hot and took so much to wrap and unwrap everytime.Cute , but inconvenient .
 This is another item I was so excited to get , from the reviews , and from the different ways you can carry your baby that it provides.However , once I received it and started trying to use it , it 's just a mess.I read the instructions over and over and watched You Tube.I have everything correct , but once I had the baby in it , he always looked like he 's getting smothered.So I do n't know what I 'm doing wrong and I 'm too sleep deprived to investigate.The very few times I tried to use it , a -RRB- My baby would cry more because he 's does n't like his arms and legs constricted -LRB- I know , not really Moby 's fault -RRB- b -RRB- Once , I was standing and all of a sudden his head just lunged forward and almost hit the corner of the table ! Good thing I caught it . And this happened even when the panels were high above his head.So I do n't know.I probably should n't be bashing it as I plan to sell it . But hey ...
 I thought this `` Pacific '' was more of a blue color , but it 's more of a dark teal green . Not happy but did n't want the hassle of an exchange . The reviews are true ... it looks intimidating at first , but then you get the hang of it . Of course , it 's basically just one long strip of stretchy fabric !
 This comes with good easy to follow directions on how to use , but if you are overweight it does not quite fit .
 I was looking forward to carrying my baby in this ergonomic carrier , but it was way too complicated . The wrap is very long about 5 or 6 feet so if your a thin person it 's a lot of material . It would take about 3-5 minutes to put on , and if your baby is crying , that 's an eternity ! I could never get my baby in it in less than 2 minutes , again too complicated to slip a squirming baby in to this . Once in it , I never felt that he was secure , I always had to keep one hand on him , which defies the purpose of the thing to begin with . Then if he fell asleep in it , I could never get him out of it without waking him . I only used it half a dozen times and finally gave it up .
 I spent a lot of time trying to decide on what carrier I wanted to use for when my son was born . I decided on this one mainly because it was cheaper than another style I was looking at yet it was still considered `` safe '' for baby -LRB- meaning
 This wrap looks great but I unfortunately ca n't get the hang of it . I have a difficult time getting it on tight enough so that my baby girl is in securely . I get it on and when she is in it feels good but she ends up slanting to the side hanging diagonaly . I still have to use my hands to support her bottom just for my peace of mind . Therefore , I regret purchasing it . I feel I should have gone with a sling or other carrier . I would love any suggestions ...
 Definitely not worth the money . It was hot , my son hated it , I never felt truly comfortable in it and always felt like he would slip right out . When I did wear it for more than 15 minutes my lower back started to ache .
 We thought this would be a fantastic product , and maybe it is for a larger child . My almost 4 year old meets all the specs on this product , but when she sat in it , she complained of slipping out of the seat . And the 2 times she rode in it , somehow her pants came off her bottom while riding the 20 minutes to her school . We had to return it .
 I purchased this booster after reading the rave reviews on this site and because we were very pleased with our Britax Marathon carseat . We are not thrilled with this seat now that it has arrived . The head rest has side wings that come out very far and my 4 year old spends alot of time leaning forward to see around them , thereby negating the safety feature . It also seems very narrow along the torso portion . My daughter is quite thin but still has no room for her arms because of the side wings and so her arms rest on the wings out in front of her body . She has not complained bc the seat is pink and she 's never tried another booster but she looks terribly uncomfortable .
 bought this to use with my Graco 35 car seat , after many reccomendations from friends . car seat snaps in easy enough , but the stroller frame is a pain in the neck to open and to close - super awkward twist handle and lock thingy . it really does n't fold up all that small - there are plenty of strollers that are way more compact . i could deal with all of this , but the handling is the killer - it 's such a tank . bad engineering ,
 My husband and I looked at this frame with the Graco car seat in the store tonight , after purchasing the Chicco Key Fit 30 -LRB- stroller and car seat travel package -RRB- . We wanted to see if we could use the Chicco car seat with this Graco frame . We had already purchased the Graco frame and wanted to test it all out in the store before opening our boxes . After testing it tonight , we are returning it . I am shocked at how unsafe this Graco frame seems . Neither the Graco car seat or the Chicco car seat snapped in the front and back of the frame and actually latched . While it is sturdy , this frame has no way to secure a car seat in all the way.The Chicco Stroller frame equivalent to this Graco is much , much safer . It snaps in the front and back , where it actually latches . The Graco never latched , even with a Graco car seat . The car seat could have technically fallen out . The Chicco snaps in , holds the front and back in place , and even if was tipped upside down , it would still hold the car seat in place.For the extra $ 30 or $ 40 upgrade , the safety is well worth it for us .
 I inherited this stroller from my sister . I hate the fact that the tires often got stuck when trying to be unfolded . The only thing I like about this stroller is the huge basket for shopping .
 VERY VERY difficult to UNFOLD !!! Do n't want to push too hard to break the plastic lock . Then have no idea how to unfold it easily . Feel terrible and angry now :-LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- After struggling for a long time , finally figured out the reason hard to unfold is due to the two big stupid front wheels . They are very easy to stuck when you fold it . Move them outwards before unfold .
 Let me start by saying I loved this stroller . We have used it for 8 months now , it is great for traveling . But today , I went down a slope , and the carseat with my son , who THANK GOD was strapped in , flipped a full 180 degrees , feet over head . He landed upside-down in his carseat on the concrete ! I had been responsible and made sure it clicked into place when I put him in , but the carseat is only latched on the top side . So the other side is just placed on the two flimsy red hooks . Any slope , or going down a curb , and there is a possibility that the child may flip over . SO PLEASE BE CAREFUL ! Luckily , my son was OK , more scared than hurt , but I am still going to contact Graco about this issue .
 I love the concept of this stroller frame along with my Graco infant carseat . The problem is that this stroller is not good for using to take your baby on walks . The wheels do n't have enough shock absorption and this makes for a bumpy , jolting ride that had my baby being shook awake every few seconds . I suppose the stroller would be sufficient for walking in a mall or some place that had smooth flooring , but if you are intending to use the stroller for walking around sidewalks and crossing streets , I 'd get something else with better rubber tires .
 We travel _ a lot _ with the baby and have a Graco car seat . When ourKolcraft Universal Infant Car Seat Carrierwore out , we bought one of these thinking it would be better with our car seat , but my husband , our sitter , and I hate it so much we actually gave it away . The Graco stroller frame is nearly impossible to steer , locks up at odd times , and is difficult to fold with one hand . Really infuriating after how great the Kolcraft was .
 This stroller , though handy , has two major flaws :1 -RRB- It is difficult to unfold , and2 -RRB- Once the carseat is snapped in place , it is VERY difficult to get any items in and out of the basket due to the fact that the carseat rests very low on the frame.My advice
 Just purchased and used once at airport pickup and 2 short walks down the block . At return to airport , front wheel snaped off and could n't use to get our 9 week old into airport . Terrible design and terrible plastic base on wheel.Do not buy !
 Great . So my wife and I purchased this ultra-convenient frame/stroller for convenience . It worked great for about 8 weeks , then one of the front wheels bent to where we could n't use it anymore . AND , the front wheels would at times jam the stroller from opening up in the first place . In concept , a frame/stroller like this is awesome , but Graco needs to redesign this and make it better and sturdier . All in all , a major dissapointment .
 I ordered this stroller frame as a baby shower gift and , because of the size , also ordered the Amazon gift wrapping . It is the quality of the gift wrapping that I am reviewing - not the stroller frame - so that others can avoid making the same mistake.The point of gift wrapping is to make a nice presentation , and this is especially the case with wedding and baby shower gifts . Amazon 's `` gift wrapping '' consisted of a large , heavily-wrinkled , solid navy blue sack with a pull tie closure . The pull ties could not be used because the gift was too large to allow the sack to be closed . Luckily , the gift was delivered to my address instead of the recipient 's address , and I opened it far enough in advance that I had still had time to rectify the problem by purchasing supplies and wrapping the gift myself.To their credit , Amazon refunded my account the cost of the gift wrapping and forwarded the customer feedback to their `` wrapping '' department .
 I pushed the Graco SnugRider around for one hour and my hands afterward had a strong smell of chemicals and old rubber . After a month , this smell has still not gone away . Disgusting and very concerning , especially since it is difficult to determine which -LRB- of the many -RRB- chemicals has caused this problem by soaking into my skin . Other reviewers have also noted this strange smell on their hands after touching the handle . Definitely do not buy this product .
 I am very disappointed about this item .1 -RRB- It is VERY VERY difficult to unfold even with TWO HANDS ! 2 -RRB- It is not easy to drive on sturdy places . Front wheels are turning around and heading different directions .3 -RRB- Once the carseat is snapped in place , it is VERY difficult to get any items in and out of the basket due to the fact that the carseat rests very low on the frame .4 -RRB- It is not universal . It can only be used with Graco Car seats . So , the car seat selection is very tight . Graco Car seats are the cheapest and low quality car seats in the market.I could not refund this item but if I had a chance , I would . DO NOT BUY !
 I HAD THE SNAP N GO STROLLER IT WAS WONDERFUL.I was on a trip and it got ran over by a careless driver while I was placing my baby in the car.So a relative gave me the snug rider.It never occurred to me to look at the stroller uses.I was going over a curb and the car seat with my baby strapped inside flipped over and onto the ground.My baby 's lip and nose were severely cut and bleeding.She also had head injuries.Please use caution when selecting this stroller for convenience and saftey the snap n go is safer it also has better features not to mention more affordable .
 It is an awful carriage ! It made from a rigid fabric and looks not aesthetically . And it is not comfort for baby
 When I got pregnant with my son -LRB- my first ! -RRB- , several people recommended the Snap and Go to me as being a must-have item for its portability and convenience . Being a first-time mom , I listened and purchased the Snap and Go , along with a Graco travel system . My plan was to use the infant car seat with the Snap and Go as my stroller until my son was big enough to fit into the full-size stroller . I now sincerely wish I would n't have wasted my money . One day , my husband and I were taking a walk with our baby ... when we went over a particularly bumpy part of the sidewalk , the car seat became disconnected from the Snap and Go and flipped over the top of it , landing on the sidewalk . If my husband had n't been holding my son in his arms , I would most likely be in a lawsuit with Graco right now . As it is , we discontinued use of the Snap and Go from that day forward and purchased an UPPAbaby Vista , which we LOVE . It was expensive , but more than worth the price of my son 's safety .
 I absolutely loved this product for three months . It 's light weight , has lots of basket space , and is easy to travel with . I was so excited about my purchase , but after three months things went down hill . First the latch that you press to unfold the stroller kept jamming . Then the front wheels started to lock on their own . This was all stuff I found annoying , but could live with . Then the parts that hook in to keep the side of the car seat on the side that the parent pushes started popping loose . The worst part is that I did n't even notice until I went over a pothole while crossing the street and the car seat flipped out and over . Thankfully he was harnessed in tightly and it stayed attached to the strolled on the back side . We got so lucky ! I really do n't recommended this product . My son got lucky , but as I read in other reviews , not everyone is so lucky . Please go with the baby trend snap n go !
 Turned my light gray leather car seat yellow in all the places the mat touched it . The dye from the mat must have bled . The car seat is ruined .
 This product Stained our Tan leather seats ... Be Ware !!! It works great but our seats are stained from the backing on the bottom of this product . WARNING !!!!
 I wish that I had read these reviews before I bought this POS thing . My light leather seats , now yellowed . $ 14 investment ruined back seat on a $ 40k car . The ultimate car seat mat my a $ $ . . HORRIBLE . DO NOT BUY .
 Disappointed that the product received was a like product -LRB- different brand -RRB- ... not the exact product ordered . I was not contacted about a replacement product .
 I was excited to find a double stroller that could fit through any and every doorway , that was n't too heavy , easy to collapse , and that had an infant car seat attachment to work with any carseat . After 5 months of using it I found all of those things to be true . However , after the buckle for the bench seat got too easily pulled apart , I do n't trust this product . Now , I have no way to secure my curious child in . It 's very difficult to steer as well . The wheels are super easy for the child sitting/standing on the bench to try to ` help ' you brake . Storage is very small and hard to get to . If you do store anything in the basket underneath , it can easily hit the wheels . It got us through till now , but I 'm disappointed I 'm going to have to find something else . Maybe great for an older child , just not for a 2 year old rambunctious boy and for a longer outting when you have to carry all the baby paraphanelia !
 I loved the idea that my new baby and my 2 1/2 year old would both be happy in this . My 2 1/2 yr old loves standing/sitting in the back and will not get in a regular stroller seat so I thought this would be great . Unfortunately its been terrible . Its too long and this causes it to be really hard to turn . And the frame is a little delicate . With ours the right side got pushed forward a little and the whole thing pulled to the right so hard that it was a HUGE chore to push it . We called them and they told us to switch the front wheels which did not work . I finally laid it on its side and pushed the right side forward while bracing the other front wheel and that helped a little but its still really hard to push . The wheels are also small and make it difficult to get over cracks etc. in the sidewalk . And since we bought it while I was pregnant and its past 6 months the company was no help at all and suggested I just buy a new one ! Riiiiight !
 I brought this item as a gift for a baby shower thinking it was a great gift because I upgraded from a regular monitor . Six months after I purchased it . It does NOT work . Its not even a year old and is not working . When I contacted the company to have it replaced or exchanged they state the warranties are expired . I would n't waste your money on this item .
 I purchased these baskets to use in my new baby 's nursery . When I opened the box I instantly smelled a strong chemical paint odor . Not what you would want in a no VOC nursery . As I touched the baskets the paint was tacky like it was n't dry or melted in transit . I was horrified with the product . I was very pleased with Amazons return policy & that UPS picked them up at our door . Kuddos for Amazon but think twice before ordering these baskets .
 Firstly , these baskets are advertised as being 19 '' long , 17 '' long and 15 '' long , It even has these lengths on the box it ships in ! Their ACTUAL lengths are 17.5 '' , 15.5 '' and 13.5 '' long - each basket is off by 1.5 INCHES ! -LRB- the length and width are accurate -RRB- . Even if the dimensions were accurate though , these baskets are cheaply made , and feel like they are abut to crumble . They smelled like spray paint com in out of the box and the blue paint looked hastily and sloppily applied . I would maybe pay $ 10 total for all three , but at $ 10 per basket , the quality is lacking .
 Bought these baskets to go with my babie 's changing table . Poor quality rattan , smelly of paint -LRB- not the best for baby 's room -RRB- and the fabric that comes with it is really low quality . Not only I 'm not impressed but if I would have had the chance to see them before buying would have not done so -LRB- they do look great in the picture -RRB- . Sorry , do n't recommend .
 Awful , much flimsier than other wicker baskets I have seen and the wicker is broken in so many places , it has badly scratched the paint in multiple places on my diaper changing table . After buying these I have seen so many options for baskets that both looked better and were of better quality !
 I was looking for baskets for the changing table of my son . This set looks nice online , but they look different in reality . The liners are very DIRTY with faded color , and the basket material is very weak with yellow stains .
 The basets arrived today and I was so disappointed in their quality . The color of the baskets is not a true white ; they have a bamboo color -LRB- yellow tone -RRB- . I should have read the review -LRB- negative one -RRB- since I have the same thoughts . Do n't waste your money on these cheap baskets !!!!
 The liners for the baskets were not white . They were a dingy grey color . Totally should have believed the reviews . The baskets have a strong offensive smell to them . Wo n't be able to use them where I had planned .
 Although some reviews , I was expecting a better quality . But it is not worth the price . It is not clean and it is too heavy .
 I ordered these baskets for my nursery and was very disappointed with the quality . as soon as I opened the parcel I felt a very specific chemical smell . and on top of that it looks like the baskets are made of some dried up wood , that cracks in the middle and just falling apart , leaving very tiny , sharp pieces of wood that I definitely do n't want to introduce to my child . And I hate returning the things , so first I wanted to use them for a storage , but after just 2 days of sitting in my storage they made the whole room smell . It 's a really horrible product and there is no way I keep it in my home and I definitely do n't recommend it to anybody .
 The baskets themselves are not the best quality , by far . I ordered 2 sets to go om the shelves of a changing table my husband had built for our granddaughter . One set was very white , which is what I wanted . The second set was very cream colored . :-LRB- I 'd read the reviews after I 'd ordered them and could only hope for the best . When I opened the boxes I realized right away the sets do n't match . Very disappointed .
 I got the baskets to match with the dresser I bought for the nursery . The baskets are not white at all . They are more of a cream color so they do n't match well with the dresser . I have found other uses for them around the house . Plus , the baskets are all different sizes .
 The lining is made of a stiff , thin , cheap material that does n't even look all that great in real-life . If that was the only problem , I 'd be fine with them , but the baskets themselves are not strong enough to hold more than a couple of towels ; I bought them to hold bathroom products and look cute doing it , and they 're failing on both accounts . I ended up using them to organize my bathroom closet , so that they 'll be seen a lot less , and so the bottoms of the baskets do n't fall out when I pick them up . I would never purchase such an item again .
 I was very excited to receive these baskets in the mail as they looked lovely from the pic . When I opened the box , I noticed there were brown stains all over the linings . I removed the lining and I found mold growing all over . It was disgusting and such a health hazard as I was planning on using them for my baby 's nursery . I requested a refund .
 I was extremely dissapointed with these baskets . The basket is very cheap looking and one of the baskets in my set was unevenly woven . The lining is very thin and cheap . All of the liners had loose thread , and one liner was dirty with brown stains . I am definately going to try and return .
 I was very disappointed with my order . The order said SET OF 2 BASSINET SHEETS and I only received 1 . I emailed and their reply was the order is for only 1 . The sheet is very thin and luckily I purchasedthe waterproof cover and I will also use an extra blanket just in case . I was very disappointed that Ireceived only 1 sheet and not 2 .
 I was sent the wrong size bassinet sheets , not 16x32 . Also , when I called the customer service line for ababy it was a voicemail and I was not called back for a few days . I had to pay the shipping costs back as well as a restocking fee . Do n't waste your time with ordering from ababy through amazon or ababy at all . I found the right size bassinet sheets at toys-r-us .
 Recently purchased this item for our new baby girl who is beginning to crawl and explore . Thought it would also be nice to keep her and the dog separated during this time since she seems to key in on trying to get a hold of our dog 's tail . Read over many of the reviews and looking for the right dimensions that looked nice at the same time . Finally settled for this one after hours of shopping , I received the gate today open the box and that 's all I see , just the gate ... Missing several parts that were suppose to come with it , including the mounting hardware for the gate , and no 24 hr customer service either . Not happy with the performance or standards of this company that is suppose to be highly ranked on consumer reports for pressure mounted baby gates . Somebody within their company seriously fell asleep at the wheel on this one . Planning on having a word with the company in the morning and will post later how good their customer service really is ...
 They really almost had a perfect tub . Althought you have to fill your regular tub up with water , that would not have botherd me if the product would have worked . It would have been the perfect tub if they would have tested their product ! When baby is put into the mesh tub the footrest unsnaps and folds upward , so I had to hold the footrest down while she bathed , which is very unfortunate because every other thing about the mesh tub was great , it was soft , she sat well in it etc. . To bad !
 I liked this bather because it folds up , it 's very easy to store and it dries easily.It does n't fold easy . You definitely need both hands to open it up and close it which I do n't like . My son slides down it when we 're bathing ... it 's extremely annoying . If I had the chance , I never would have put this bather on my list .
 I thought that this baby bather would be great . My husband did n't want one AT ALL because he did n't want to store it so I thought this would be good because it folds up . My baby did n't mind it , but I hated it . I had a preemie and he would slump down in the seat because it does n't recline enough . He would also slip to one side because it is very wide . Also , when it is in the tub , you have to fill up the tub all the way to get even part of the baby covered , so he was cold during the whole bath . When he was a newborn , we just laid towels out on the kitchen counter for sponge baths and now that he is older , it is easier to stick him in the shower with one of us .
 It seemed like a great idea for giving my baby a sponge bath while waiting on the umbilical cord to heal . I also hoped to get use out of it for the 1st few months or so when he could n't really play in the water too much . It was terrible . I just could n't keep him warm . We had to make the baths very quick ; I even tried laying a towel inside as a fabric that would be less cold . That was a mess and hassle . I ended up just holding him in the bathroom sink until he got bigger and I could hold in sitting position until I started using the tub I bought where he could soak in the water a little bit .
 We too have a small house with no storage so we thought this product would be great . It seems they have fixed the foot rest problem , so that was a plus . Yet it would not fit in any of our sinks , so we were bent over the bathtub . Plus it sits so high that we had to put a great deal of water in the tub just to reach his bottom . There are no straps so when he learned to move that was that . While he was still little we ended up bathing him on a hand towel in the tub with just about an inch of water then we switched to a bathtub seat . I think this product seems like a great idea , but it still needs work .
 I did not like this for a newborn . It might be better for an older baby . My little girl slid all over the place and turned sideways . We got the Sure Comfort Deluxe Newborn-to-Toddler tub and like it much better .
 I am so disappointed that I have to return this . The others are correct , the bottom doe NOT stay down and there 's no way your baby 's weight will make it stay -LRB- it will make it flip even quicker -RRB- . I LOVE the idea of a sling as opposed to a tub since it seems much more comfortable and gentle so I 'm going to look for another before just exchanging it for a tub . I thought , `` Maybe they just had bad luck . They ca n't ALL be like that . It wo n't fold on me . '' Wrong . -LRB- Bummer ! -RRB- Put your efforts into picking a tub instead , or find a different sling . It 's too bad they ca n't fix this since so many people seem to like the idea . I really am bummed out about this .
 I 'm going on vacation next week and purchased this thinking it would be the perfect thing . It looks like a really great bather ... compact , comfortable for baby , easy to use ... I thought my 5 mo. old would love it . Well , she 's starting to roll over now and it turned out to be not such a great thing afterall . The bottom flap kept popping up and I had to hold my daughter down so that she did n't roll over and out . I 'm returning it today ...
 I bought this product because it is compact and easy to store ! I however have the same problem as do alot of other parents . The bottom keeps flipping up while I am bathing my son . I have to hold down the foot rest part while I am bathing him making it rather difficult . It is a great idea but they should have tested the product more before putting it on the market .
 I bought this tub seat hoping to not have to hold on to my son while I tried to bathe him . The foot support comes up to high making it awkward for him to sit in the seat causing him to fall over . This is not good for small infants .
 I registered for this product because I have a small house and did n't have a good place to store a full-sized baby tub . This does fold up nice and small , but it is useless . The bottom of the chair sits an inch or two above the sink or tub - so in order to have the baby in any water , you need to fill up the sink quite a bit . With so much of the baby out of the water , my baby got cold very quickly . The mesh seat wicks the water all over , so she was sitting in a very wet chair . It was a disaster -LRB- think screaming , cold , baby -RRB- . I ended up using a regular old baby tub , which if I twisted just the right way , fits under my bathroom sink.I was using this with a newborn , perhaps it would be better with an older baby .
 Like the others , I am so disappointed in this product . I live in an apartment and was really anxious to have something so compact -LRB- since my home has been taken over by baby items -RRB- but I ca n't use it . As soon as I put my baby in the sling , the foot snap comes undone and folds up on my baby . This ca n't be safe !! And how are you supposed to hold this down and wash an infant at the same time ?? We had to go buy a regular tub because I just could n't use this product for my little one . Do n't waste your money !!
 I just got this item in the mail and opened it up to test it 's functionality . For one it does not fit in my double sided sink . I was trying to avoid bending over at the bathtub.When I got the thing open and cliped on each side the upper bendable part kept flapping up , instead of securly staying in place . After testing the item I came to the conclusion that if I were to put my newborn in it , it would easily flip up while bathing her . The only good thing about it is that it folds up for easy storage and dries easily . Needless to say I returned it promptly for another bather .
 Like another reviewer , the foot area of this tub kept popping up and it made me feel very uncomfortable about the safety ! Aside from the safety issue , my son -LRB- 6 weeks at the time we used it -RRB- was n't comfortable because his feet were not in a comfortable position . I returned this item just for the safety/flimsiness issue . Do n't waste your money .
 I wish I would have taken into greater consideration the bad review this product had recieved . It does not fit in my sink and when used in the bath tub , requires way too much water for a newborn . I intially bought the product because I liked the storage aspect , well now it gets to be permanetly stored under my bathroom sink . I purchased the old fashion tub today with a teddy bear sponge for comfort . My little girl and I are much happier with our new purchase . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 Like the rest , the bottom of my bath seat folds up and it is really hard to bathe the baby while constantly fighting the seat . It is still better than those cold , hard plastic baby bath tubs , though . After reading the review that said they have improved the product , I am going to call the manufacturer and see what happens . Also , I do n't think anyone else mentioned this , but you would have to have a very big sink to use it in one . A regular double kitchen sink is way too small .
 This seat is not at all sturdy . The bottom portion will not stay down , and I 'm not about to put my baby into it . I bought it yesterday , and I 'm returning it tomorrow . It does not seem safe at all . It is so light that it seems like the baby could easily tip over .
 Bought it for the same reasons of :1 . space saver -LRB- folds up -RRB- 2 . use in sink and tub3 . holds baby with good supportLike it because :1 . folds up2 . dries quicklyHATE IT because1 . BABY SLIPS down/off the older she gets -LRB- worse in the tub -RRB- 2 . Did n't fit in our standard size sink -LRB- the base did , but her neck still hit the edge of the sinkFor our next baby , I 've already registered for the pillow-type support that hangs to dry . Picture of real mom with baby in the sink sold me ... I 'd rather have it soak up some water than have a useless item .
 I loved the concept of this seat , and it fits well in my sink , also the amount of water was not an issue . The issue I had/have with it is the leg section keeps folding up while in use so it makes it awkward for my son to lay in it . I was imagining it would be like a bouncy seat and almost conform to my son . I found it to be very stiff .
 This looked like a promising bath seat . It fit into my kitchen sink , it folded flat for storage or travel , and I liked that it was not hard plastic or foam . However , the foot end would not snap into place no matter what I did and it kept flipping up . I should have heeded those older reviews that said it did this . It was a constant hassle to keep one hand on the foot end to keep it down and keep the other on my baby ... I needed another hand to wash her ! Not only that , but the seat sits high and it takes a bit of water to fill the sink so the baby sits in some warm water and does n't get too cold . I ended up getting the Safer Bather and was very happy with that .
 I was excited about this tub design because it was basic and compact . It folds up nicely and is easy to rinse off . The mesh sling is removable for machine washing too.Unfortunately , the bath sling does n't suction to the bottom of your tub or sink so it slides all over the place and is very difficult to control while holding onto your baby with one hand and bathing her with the other . My daughter is now four months old and I need to discontinue using this tub b/c she is much more active and I ca n't keep the tub in place.If it had a belt to help secure the baby and suction cups on the bottom , this product would be ideal . Unfortunately , this product was a big disappointment !
 We like the idea that you can just fold this bather up and store it away or take it to Grandma 's . However , no matter how hard we pressed down the seat prior , when we seated our newborn into it , the bather folded his little legs up toward the ceiling ! We took what we thought was just a bad apple back to the store & got another one ... no luck . Perhaps this bather works better for heavier babies , or maybe we just got TWO bad apples , but for now -- sure he 's flexible -- but this was a ridiculous way to try to bathe !!
 I have been looking for a nice diaper bag for almost 2 years and thought I found one that would work for me . I have twins and I need a backpack so I 've got two free hands for my boys . Anyway , I pulled this backpack out of the box and my hands were covered in the black dye from the backpack . I thought maybe I could just wipe the rest of it off , but there seems to be an endless supply of black dye . I do n't dare use it because I fear that my clothes will also pick up the black dye . Other than that , it seems like a nice bag . If they redesign the bag and fix the dye problem , I would like it better if it did n't have the big `` McKenzie Kids '' label on the front and side . I like the overall look of it because it does n't look like a backpack I would wear when I 'm hiking or going to school . Also , it said that it comes with a diaper changing pad , but it does n't .
 I thought this was super cute when my mom gave it to me , but I am not 6 months in and am looking for a new bag . When you have it loaded up , you can not secure the flap and it is rather inconvenient .
 I wish I could write a review . Simply put I ca n't because the company terminated my order after accepting it . They state the gate as titled is no longer available through them or any other vendor . They did not go ahead and suggest a replacement gate to suite my needs . I was simply left with an extension I hand received from a separate vendor , with all the hassle of returning the extension , shipping and refunds . What confuses me is why was my order accepted in the first place and my C/C charged if they knew they had no way of filling the order ? I was given no clear explanation or apology for taking the order in the first place . When I appealed to Tomy directly to pointed me towards a alternate gate they declined . I find this odd to say the least.So in a way I have had no experience with this product , but it was not for lack of trying on my part to purchase a working gate designed to fit my needs . There is a similar gate provided by a different vendor the R2C - this gate seems very similar to the Tomy - hands free gate . The above mentioned R2C is marketed for animals not babies . The target demographic is a dog owner not a new mother . I am a pet owner and only went into the area of Baby gates because honestly there is far more to chose from and many different price points . I sadly have been disappointing , both a Carlson Extra wide Gate I did buy , it broke only 2 months after purchase . So , then I tried again to purchase what seemed to be a solid product , but was denied the chance . And yes I ended up with an extension for the Tomy Hands free gate , that the vendor did not want mailed back - even at my cost , in fact the vendor refused to receive it or credit me a refund . So bottom line I have purchased one gate that did not last 2 months of use , combined with two separate types of extension pieces that each vendor wanted nothing to do with once it had been mailed to me.I have spent a fair amount of money at this point and have a broken gate , and 2 unusable extensions to show for my effort . Some of this could have been avoided completely if only Tomy had never taken my order - for a product they no longer support . I would not be in possession of two separate useless extensions for one thing . Had I been given correct information about the gate they never planed to send , I could have made a different choice . Tomy company allowed me to think - through the status of my order on Amazon - that it was simply a matter of a back order , not an order that was never going to come through . I sat waiting patiently for my order to arrive , it was only through calling Tomy directly to ask why was the shipping taking so long that I was told that my order had in fact been canceled .
 I loved the gate . So when I moved to my new house and found that the doorways were wider than the gate , I needed the extension . It was well worth it . My daughter is always pulling on it and hanging on it , and it still stays very sturdy within the doorway . I am also happy that we got to re-use the hands free gate because I would have hated to fasten a gate right onto the wall and make holes in my wall . This gate was a great purchase .
 The hands free gate works beautifully . However , when you need to order extentions for a larger doorway realize one extention kit does not give you the maximum 44 '' coverage . I had to order an additional one when I realized the error and had to pay shipping twice .
 It 's too light and not firm and sturdy . Our 15-month-old daughter usually can sit pretty still , but even she gets toppled over once in a while in this seat . My husband and I have to sit closely on either side of her to make sure she does not fall off . I wonder if the eddie bauer one is better , but now that I have bought this one we have to make do with it . I would n't recommend it to others .
 We used this when my son was 1 1/2 . The seat would not stay put and he kept listing off to one side .
 It 's a very convenient seat , but the back slipped when I used it , and my baby nearly fell onto the floor . Basically , there 's nothing preventing the back strap from rotating around the chair , causing the back to shift to the side . It 's very dangerous and should be recalled .
 The back strap only straps properly if the back of the chair is super wide . This chair DOES NOT WORK for most normal chairs . Even if it does strap on , my squirmy 13-month old will wiggle around until the straps loosen themselves and there 's a huge risk that he can fall out . I bought this chair only 1 month ago thinking that it would be great to keep in the car but now I will not be using it anymore . What a waste of money . I ca n't even return it because I no longer have the original packaging . Do n't waste your money . Buy the bulkier Fisher Price travel chair - I have that one and it works much better . It 's bulky to carry around but it 's also sturdier and safer .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- I ca n't believe we own the same product . Buy this product at the risk of breaking your child 's head . I have used it three times , and each time it is a pain to zip back up , and the last time I used it , my daughter fell off to one side because it was lopsided -LRB- perhaps I did n't inflate it enough -RRB- . Anyway , as a harried parent of a toddler , it is ridiculous to have to worry about inflating a seat while your child is busy trying to escape from your clutches -LRB- especially when you are alone , as I am -RRB- . She was falling out of the chair she was strapped into . I bought this at Target -LRB- I do n't know why it 's listed here for more than I paid - I think this is a typo -RRB- . If you really want this item in spite of what I 've just written , come get it from my garage for 25c . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This seat was a gift and I thought it was an ingenious idea . It had pockets to put diapers and whatnot in it , but the problem was that if you did n't put an even amount of diapers in the base of it , it was an unstable seat for babies and toddlers . Great idea , but maybe a stable base to put diapers in would had to the function of the seat .
 I did n't have any problems with the ordering or shipping . That went well . However , I would n't recommend this seat . My kids leaned over to far and almost fell out . I do n't feel it 's really safe . .
 I do not own this but my in-laws do . Last time we were over we put my 15 month old in it . For one , the blow up part to make the seat higher fell forward out of the seat and my daughter was stuck sitting with this big inflatable thing between her legs . Two , the straps do n't go tight enough or high enough around her to make her secure . It 's very flimsy and I do n't feel it is safe at all . It was so small in the chair that she was able to get her food all over the chair . It was used in a chair without arms and she was able to lean over way too far . I think this would work better in a chair with sides and with a child that is bigger , but I would highly recommend getting a plastic booster instead of this . This is definately not going to work on a wiggle-worm of a kid , which is what my daughter is . And by the time she stops wiggling , she 'll be old enough to not need a seat . It 's nice that it folds up small , but restaurants have high chairs or boosters to use . I definately say NO to this .
 I bought this on the go booster seat because we travel a lot to visit family but it was very disappointing.PROS :1 . Easy to install2 . Inflates without any effort .3 . Compact and easy to carry.CONS
 I bought this for my 1.5 year old son and found that it simply is n't tall enough to allow him to sit comfortably at the table . It really only added a few inches to the height of the chair . We 've never had a highchair at home ; we 've always used a Fisher Price Healthy Care booster -LRB- which we LOVE -RRB- . That seat works great at local restaurants and friend 's houses . We were looking for a light-weight alternative for international travel and found the First Years booster to just be too short for our son to actually feed himself . Might work well for a child at 2 years OR if you mostly feed your child -LRB- instead of having him/her self-feed with utensils or hands -RRB- . Too bad because it is a nice little compact product .
 I already own the FP plastic booster chair which is great . So easy to clean and can push up to the table or use the detachable tray . -LRB- in fact I just sold my full size peg perego high chair and am now just using this one now that my son is a toddler -LRB- 16mos -RRB- . I just purchased the first Year 's booster at a thrift store because it was so compact so I thought it would be great for travel . The first time we used it for a meal my son was able to kick his legs up against the table and also lean over the side to the point he would have fallen over . If i was n't there next to him he would have fallen to the floor . Luckily I only spent 2 bucks on it . It is not that much smaller than my fp booster so I will just continue to use that for travel as well as for everyday home use and be getting rid of the first years booster .
 I got this for my son when we visit friends and family so we do n't have to drag his high chair along . We ended up having to buy a real booster seat anyway . This seat is very unstable and just is n't safe or efficient .
 Great idea . But having a problem with right side deflating . Ca n't figure it out . Just the one side . Was great before it broke with less than a year of use .
 Looked like a great idea for travel purposes . very compact and easy to put in suitcase ; however , was unsafe to use with my 16 months old ; he almost fell out of it on several occasions ; straps are too low , and did not support his weight ; maybe it will be OK for 6 months old , but not for a bigger kids . I will not recommend this product .
 I bought the First Years On the Go Booster several months ago -LRB- not from Amazon -RRB- but did n't start using it until this week . Within the last week , one of the lap buckles detached on 3 separate occasions when my 24 month , 21 pound daughter moved or arched her back . She is very small and thin for her age and not that strong , but luckily , because she is 24 months , she alerted me every time the buckle opened . I called Customer Service and they told me I had a 3 year old style -LRB- Y1091A4 -RRB- so they would not do anything about the buckle . Needless to say , I was shocked and I told them so . After a few e-mail exchanges -LRB- including me sending pictures -RRB- , First Years agreed to replace the item , but I would be responsible for shipping charges because it is an older style . Well , you can still buy this `` older style '' today so how is a customer to know what will be covered and what wo n't ? It 's just a terrible excuse - should n't ALL your products be covered from safety defects ? There are product styles much older than 3 years currently on the CPSC 's recall list . I usually do n't write reviews , but I feel so strongly that safety should be a priority with baby product companies . For me , The First Years does n't cut it .
 If you watch your child carefully while s/he is in this seat , it should be fine , but beware of some potential safety risks -LRB- see Cons -RRB- . It also seems to work better on some chairs than others -LRB- i.e. , not good for our small , lightweight dining room chairs , but seemed to be much more secure on my mom 's heavier and wider kitchen chairs -RRB- . Pros :1 . Inexpensive2 . Lightweight and easy to carry to a restaurant or for traveling.Cons :1 . My 15-month old son was able to get his feet between the chair with this seat on it and the table and push the chair over backward . Terrifying .2 . Straps that hold the seat to the chair do n't stay tight on some chairs -LRB- but it seems to work better on other chairs -RRB- 3 . Straps that strap in the baby are n't all that secure -LRB- i.e. , no shoulder harness , so your child can lean over to the side and slip out -RRB- In short , this is inexpensive , and could be used as an occasional travel or restaurant chair for an older toddler if you are carefully watching . I would not recommend as your everyday booster seat .
 This was great at first , until food began to stain it ! Even after washing it after each use , food would stain this if it dropped on it . DO NOT BUY ! I bought another one that is plastic , and it is so much easier to clean . This is very disappointing .
 The booster is very small than actually picture and it does not stay straight on a chair.it bend towards over
 I thought this item would be okay for my 11 month old for a few weeks while we were without our usual high chair but it is not . She felt VERY insecure it in , even pushed up to the table . She would cry when I placed her in it . Because it is not enclosed I think for the first time she could tell how high up off the floor she was . She is a great sitter but the side strapes are not very securing either , and at the tightest she still would lean over to the side . I think this product will be better for her when she is older , when she is able to almost sit like a big girl at the dinner table . I also do not feel that it inflates well , and sinks down towards the back , tilting her backwards . I do plan to keep this item for the future and perhaps I will review it again when she is older .
 We bought this chair to use as an everyday booster seat for our toddler . I found it quite easy to attach to a chair -LRB- and remove and reattach when traveling -RRB- . However , after only a short period of use , the chair became very lopsided and will not sit straight . We have a second one at Grandma 's house which does the same thing . Also , the chair stains very easily and is quite difficult to clean . Crumbs are forever trapped between the seat and the back/sides . We attached the seat to our dining room chair , and the way the booster rubs against the wood removed the finish from our chair.Overall , this product is priced well , and would be fine if you only plan to use it once in a while . Now that our second child is ready for a booster , I 'm looking for a solid plastic chair .
 It looked like a really good bag , until I got it . First off , it looks reddish on the website and it is actually a bright ORANGE . Secondly the corduroy is VERY stiff and the whole bag feels rough . Returning immediately .
 I thought I was buying the safest car seat for my family but I was disappointed . I was disappointed the minute I took the car seat out of the box . I knew I wanted a seat with a chest clip NOT a sliding clip . I had studied the picture and description on the website and that is what I thought I was getting . Our little one is now able to slip the strap off even if I have the straps tight . It is time for her to move to another seat but we were hoping to use this seat again if we have another little one . I will need to contact the company to receive a replacement part . Not what I expected from a company with such a good reputation . We went with a Safety First seat convertible seat for our daughter 's next car seat .
 Check out an article below at the Chicago Tribune , most car seats are tested on sleds . These car seats were put in government crash tests for actual car crash safety tests . 31 car seats tested either flew off their bases or exceeded injury limits in a series of frontal crashes conducted by federal researchers using 2008 model year vehicles , a Tribune investigation found . The test results were never publicized , and even some infant-seat makers were unaware of their existence . -LSB- ... -RSB- `` The Britax Companion , which can cost twice as much as some competitors ' seats , exceeded injury limits both times it was tested . The company discontinued the Companion last year , although retailers continue to sell through their inventory . `` I would n't buy this car seat , even if it seems like a deal . The Britax Chaperone is the new model , and is supposed to have fixed any flaws that the companion had . Do your research , sometimes there are very good reasons companies discontinue a product and come out with a new version ! This is one of those times !
 I have hated this seat since day one . First , it is heavier than most seats . So , once your baby really starts growing -LRB- which happens quickly -RRB- it is just too darn heavy to carry . Second , the black is just way too hot , it 's like putting your baby in a cooker -LRB- at least in the south -RRB- Third , the seat with base takes up waaaayyyy too much room in the back of the car -LRB- and I have a mid size suv -RRB- Forth , the cords are constantly getting tangled and it does not snap easily . Fifth , mine is very touchy to get in and out of the base and stroller -- sometimes gets stuck . Add all this up with a baby who hates being in his car seat and it is not fun whatsoever.On a positive note , one thing that is great about it is the canopy . Definitely get a car seat with a canopy - this has been invaluable to have.I wish I had shopped around . But , being a first time Mom it 's really hard to know what you 'll need in a car seat . I would definitely NOT recommend this seat .
 This car seat has a bounce rod on the back which makes it too big to fit in most of the cars . I was advised by the Plano Police Car Seat Inspections to return it
 Having searched far and wide for a US made car seat for our first-born , we settled on the Britax Companion along with the Britax Vigour stroller.To say the least , we were deeply disappointing when we received the products . Both the stroller and car-seat are short on quality , clumsy and poorly designed . It is not worth the price being charged . As for safety , I hope we never have to find out.The product quality which one would expect from a child product is not there . It is heavy and if you are not well-built , it is going to be difficult to carry around . Neither does it operate smoothly and efficiently.If Britax is supposedly better than the other child product companies , I wonder about the quality of the products from other companies.Anyway , this would be the last Britax product we are ever going to purchase .
 At first glance , the all-in-one bassinet , changing table and portable playpen was exactly what I wanted so our newborn could sleep in our bedroom before we transitioned him to the nursery . However , once we got this home and put it together , we quickly saw that it is not practical for us : - difficult to assemble/disassemble , so this is really like a stationary piece of furniture rather than something you can move around your home -LRB- let alone travel with -RRB- . - huge - we could not fit it through our doorways once it was assembled - not portable - wheels are not exposed once it 's in its carry bag , so you have to carry the full weight of the playard rather than rolling it like a suitcase . Other playards -LRB- Combi -RRB- pack up like a rollaboard suitcase , making them much more portable and convenient . - canopy and toys are super-cheap and not worth the extra money
 This pack n play is huge and not super portable but it is sturdy . But it smelled very strongly of plastic which is a drawback .
 The product is bright , colorful , and fun for little boys and girls . However , the balls in the set are made of PVC . They smell unbelievably horrible . And the smell transferred to other items . I had to wash everything thoroughly with soap and throw away the balls . The smell made me sick . Without the balls , it made a great product . The shapes and scrubbies are BpA-free , PVC - free , phthalate-free .
 I took this away from my child today because he was chewing on one of the scrunchy things -LRB- for washing , some kind of fine woven nylon -RRB- and the fabric was coming apart , creating fine strands that he could have swallowed -LRB- and he only has 4 bottom teeth . I then tested the foam pieces and was able easily to bite off a little chunk.These are attractive toys , but I 'm not sure they 're safe for kids who like to chew .
 I received this item in March 2011 . As soon as I opened the package I could smell a very strong chemical-like smell that seemed to have permeated all of the contents . The smell reminded me a bit of a varnish-y type of smell , and was so strong that I could not imagine being able to wash it off . I returned this item as the scent was so strong that I was not comfortable giving it to my 14 month old to use in the bath . The designer applique aspect of these toys only warrants it getting a rating of the -LRB- required -RRB- one star in my opinion , as the smell makes them unusable .
 I really wanted to love these based on all of the wonderful reviews , but I did n't I also thought Boon stated this problem was fixed , but it 's not . The smell was awful and I knew these would make it to my son 's mouth and I did n't know what kind of chemicals could be on there . Oh well , maybe someday they will just sell the foam pieces alone . . then I 'll get them!Since you have to give a star , I 'd say that star is for Amazon 's customer service and really easy return policy . This is the first thing I 've ever returned , so I did n't know what to expect and it was more than pleasant !
 I 'm so disappointed because I purposefully bought these toys as they claim to be mold free . Well , six months after buying them , they have little black spots ALL over them and they do n't come off . Otherwise , loads of fun . So sad .
 We have a number of plastic boon bath toys and really like them . They are stylish and fun and more importantly are all BPA , pthalate , and PVC free.However , these foam shapes emitted such an awful chemical smell when I opened the package , that I could not convince myself that they are truly non-toxic and safe for small kids to play with - especially in the bath tub where warm water may accelerate leaching out of chemicals.Perhaps the smell fades over time or can be washed out , but I wasnt interested in finding out.One other side note - The balls that come with this product are not made out of silicone as stated in the product description . They used to be made out of PVC but are now made out of EVA plastic -LRB- according to Boon customer service -RRB- .
 I love the idea of this product , and would use it all the time , but I have a wider faucet and it does n't fit ! What a disappointment ! I destroyed the packaging while opening it , so I was n't able to return it . If it had fit -LRB- and I do n't have an overly large faucet -RRB- , I would have given it 5 stars because it would be great in helping fill my baby tub in the bathtub .
 Worked okay , but my one yr old thought it was a new bath toy and could pull it off with no problem . Kind of defeated the purpose of buying it .
 This looked like such a great idea . I knew there were issues with it fitting some faucets but hoped we would n't have the problem.It worked great for the first couple of baths ... then I guess it loosened up a bit and started sliding off . It got to the point where I could n't keep it on the faucet for anything.I hope the company considers a newer version that fits more faucets . I would gladly buy it again - it was really great while it lasted !
 This did not fit well at all over our standard faucet . The wetter it got , the more it slid all over after much adjustment in the first place . Water spewed out from the top and back as well.I can believe this item works well for some , but it did not work with our bathtub faucet .
 I love the idea of this product . And my son does love the waterfall affect . However , it does n't fit my faucet , which is just a standard faucet AND the soap dispenser DOES NOT stop leaking . I 'm still glad I bought it though , simply because it entertains my son . But , I really think that it needs to be remade to prevent soap leaks .
 This thing grows Mildew and looks horrible . I 've tried every bathroom cleaner possible . I e-mailed the company after our first one was so gross we had to throw it away so they sent me a replacement and stated that it was safe to clean with bathroom cleaners - `` hello ! already tried that and it wont come off !!! '' With the replacement , we removed it after every bath -LRB- pain in the arse -RRB- and it still has mildew spots that wont come off ! Very ridiculous for something that 's meant to be in contact with water .
 this spout protector was the best one i had ever seen . it fanned out the water so the pressure comeing from the spout was so strong . it had a bubble bath depenser and it had a place to pull up the shower stick with having to mess with it . so just by looks and features i was sold . i got it delivered and i was so excited for it i pretty much instantly put my child in the bath . fast foward a month later this peice of crap breaks . the bottom falls off . and theres no fixing it.its nothing more than a peice of rubber held on by two flimsy plastic dowels . the design has signifaclly fail and of course like most warrenties it the product craps out after words so ive thrown my money in the trash dont buy this is suck.Boon Inc. . Flo Water Deflector , Faucet Cover With Bubble Bath Dispenser Kiwi
 We got this to protect our baby from bonking his head on the faucet . We do n't use the bubble dispenser . Actually , we do n't use the cover at all since it does n't stay on our faucet . We have a very standard tub faucet and this stupid thing just slides right off ! Also , if falls off the instant our baby touches it ! USELESS . Do n't waste your money .
 Like others , I like Boon products and this one looked great . However , it does not work on my bath 's faucet/spout -- it falls off easily and often , from my baby touching it , from the water flow , sometimes all by itself when noone 's near it . The problem seems to be two-fold :1 -RRB- Our bath spout does not have the pull-knob on it to switch between bath/shower mode . Ours is built into the wall . This knob may hold the Boon Flo on better -LRB- it is pictured in the product photos -RRB- .2 -RRB- The hinge-spring does n't seem tight enough -- it seems to loosen after a couple of weeks.I wish Boon had specified that it does n't work for certain types of bath faucets . Leaves me wary of the company 's other products -LRB- even though I 've bought some other ones which work fine -RRB- . I may try silicon tape , as someone here suggested , but I should n't have to ...
 The Flo works only on faucets that have a lever on top , if yours does n't , it will not stay in place . I wish I knew this before buying it . Besides , the soap dispenser is not very practical for toddlers , my 15 month old son was able to figure out how to empty it all out in the tub .
 I almost wrote a glowing review when i first got it . it sat on the faucet fine , it protected their heads , i could use the thingamajig that makes the shower go on and off easily , and the kids loved how it spread out the water and that i could fill it will bubble bath . that was the honeymoon period ... the bubble bath dispenser stopped working pretty quickly even though i tried washing it -LRB- i figured it was sticky with soap -RRB- and helping it along with my fingers while it ran , but it became more of a hassle than to just pour the bubble bath or shampoo directly in the running water.then the mildew ... oh the mildew . i did n't initially take it off after every bath but noticed it was started to get a little black on the inside . so i bleached the heck out of it and then took it off and hung it to dry after every bath . it was still FULL of mildew . it was stained to the point that even though i knew it was disinfected i just could n't use it anymore because the whole bottom was tie dyed with black mildew stains.overall since i had to buy another faucet cover anyway it was a dumb purchase .
 This faucet cover would be wonderful IF it would stay on the faucet . It fit perfectly out of the box . Unfortunately , when it got wet , it slid off and would n't stay when I tried to put it back on . It seemed that when the cold faucet slightly heated from water coming out , it caused the cover to loosen and slide , and because the faucet cover was then wet it would n't stay . Very aggravating . Returned for refund .
 I liked this faucet cover , but I recently had to throw it away . For a disposable product , I think it is overpriced.CONS : - This spout cover it IMPOSSIBLE to clean . I even tried putting it in the dishwasher and it came out looking just as gross as it went in . Disgusting mold grows in every crack and crevice and it wo n't come off.-The `` soap dispenser '' is pathetic . It never worked quite right , I thought it was unnecessary -LRB- really , how hard is it to dump in some bubble bath ? -RRB- and it leaked . I was not that disturbed by it until after I quit using it . The flap on the top would come open on it 's own and water would get inside and get trapped in there . Then , at bath time , old gross water would leak out on me or my son . Ew.-While this cover did fit on my faucet -LRB- no pull up for the shower -RRB- it was very easy for my son to pull off which he frequently delighted in doing . If you want this cover for safety against bumps and bruises , this is not the best feature.-Overpriced for the frequency with which this item would have to be replaced to keep it clean.PROS : - I did like the deflector feature of this spout , which produced a nice `` waterfall '' effect in our tub and made shampoo rinsing with no cup and clean water easy . My son also liked to play in the waterfall.-This cover stayed out of the way of the other handles in our tub.Overall , I would not buy this product again .
 Falls off the faucet , does not stay on , kids can take / pull off way to easily . Not a good purchase ! There are cheaper ones that are far better !
 I really wanted to like this product and thought it was really cute ; however water tends to pool in the water deflector which creates mildew . In addition , the mildew stains wo n't clean off at all . I have even tried applying bleach products , and the material remains stained from the mildew . There is a small hole in the water deflector to allow for water to drain ; however I have found that this hold gets plugged and requires a toothpick to clean it . The water deflector does deflect water to some degree , but it certainly does not create a `` waterfall '' as shown in the pictures . If the waterfall worked properly , it would be a lot more fun . The bubble dispenser seemed like a nice idea ; however we ended up liking a bubble bath that requires the product to be shaken before dispensing , so the bubble dispenser did n't meet our needs .
 This looks neat , but is easily pulled off by baby . Like , within 15 seconds of putting him in the tub . Put it back on , he pulls it off again . It 's a game ! A game that makes tub time more dangerous since he 's standing to pull the thing off every time it 's put back on . Maybe if my kid was six years old it would be useful for rinsing shampoo , but in that case I would n't need a flow deflector to accomplish that anyway .
 Cute product . Has a nice splash with my 9m old likes to use as a waterfall . The bubbles are fun ... but my 2 year old takes it off easily and the inside gets really moldy and is tiresome to clean so its kind of gross .
 I hate it ! It 's so flimsy . Does n't fit my faucet well so it keeps dancing left to right . The only consolation is that it 's very soft so I know that my baby 's head will be protected even if he hits the faucet . However , there 's a big chance too that it slides off instead . What a waste of money !
 I bought this thinking that it would fit my standard sized spout , which has no shower diverter , and right away it seemed too big . My baby loves the waterfall that it makes , reaches up to grab the source , and easily pulls the thing off . I really wish it was n't so easy to get off of there , because it is a great idea . Hope someone else has better luck , but do n't buy it if you do n't have the shower pull to secure it .
 This is mainly a safety item , right ? So it 's a problem that my nine-month-old can pull it off easily . Like other reviewers , I have the most standard faucet around , and the Flo fits loosely , at best . Also , while the spout part is a nice pliable plastic , the upper section which covers the faucet is made of hard plastic which would give quite a painful bonk . We would have been better off with an ordinary old rubber ducky faucet cover .
 This did not fit my faucet correctly - was constantly sliding off . That is , when my kids were n't taking it off to play with it . Plus , I did n't really feel that it was soft enough to really protect them if they did fall into it . Also , be warned that if you have well water and get some red iron staining , this product is nearly impossible to keep clean . Lots of nooks and crannies to collect soapy , scummy water . I bought the KidCo Bath cover , and threw this piece of junk in the trash . Good riddance !
 Make sure you have the correct faucet ... I have n't had a chance to use it yet , because it does n't work on my faucet ...
 I really liked the design of this faucet cover and thought the bubble bath dispenser and the sheet of water would be so cool and fun for our son unfortunately the design is made only for the smallest of tubspouts . Also , beware if your spout has a lip that comes down at the end . This device will NOT fit over the lip . I was able to return the item .
 The concept is simple , but the execution was lacking as a faucet cover . Ok , so I purchased this product for the main purpose of deflection water so that it flowed better into a tub and second purpose to protect my child from bumping into the faucet . This product failed in my mind on both.As a protector , it should do the job.As a water deflector , it 's terrible . If you turn your water on high enough , water is deflected and sprayed in almost 270 degrees around the product . If you have a baby or toddler , your child 's face will likely be bombarded with water . The problem is with the placement design of the water deflector . It needs to curve more so that when water hits the deflector , it 's directed to flow smoothing , not splashed like when you poor water on flat surfaces.A positive is that the deflector has a tiny hole drilled so that any trapped water is drained overtime , leaving very little water to cause mildew.Another positive is that the installation is simple . Just squeeze the top and bottom and slide into the faucet . However , the product lacks a good snug fit design . Therefore it slides right off with a slight pull .
 I bought this knowing there is a chance I would return it and sure enough I did . It is a very cute idea and if we move/get a different faucet , I will likely try it again , but it only works if the faucet on your tub has the plug at the front of the faucet , otherwise it slides off and the water goes to the side . Just fair warning !
 this item doesnt fit right and slides off eaily and gets molded vary easy but other then that its vary cute and i got alot of complement on it
 I had soft plastic one and inflate one before . this looked good but did n't work with our faucet cause it slips off all the time since the drain hook deal is not there to keep it hold on . if it works , product looks good though .
 I suspect I might have loved this item , if I could have used it . But , unfortunately , I had to return it as it completely perfectly covered our water deflector , which it was supposedly designed not to do . On our spigot , the upper/rear end of the Flo sat right on top of our deflector no matter what we did to try to adjust it . Oh well .
 Do n't consider this product if you do n't have a leaver on your faucet , it will fall off during every bath . Difficult to keep clean . Bubble dispenser just fills with water .
 I bought this because my granddaughter fell and scraped her face on the faucet in the bath tub and by appearance it looked like it would cover the majority of the faucett and keep her from getting hurt again . The problem is that we have excellant water pressure and when the water is on it shoots off the faucett - when the water is off it slides down to the end and barely hangs on . It has fit the purpose but I would like it better if it stayed in place.Grami
 Ok , so it fits over our weird lift up shower valve and it protects the kids from the sharp edge of the faucet , but it grows mold an is pretty gross . I soaked it in bleach ad it smells better but it did n't really get the stains off . Also , the soap drips out if you leave it in . Wastes the bubble bath and makes for a slippery surprise in the morning when you step into the bath tub . I have n't seen any other product that fits over our faucet , so I 'm keeping it for now , but i do n't love it .
 This would be the perfect bath product except for a few flaws .1 . It is meant to fit a range of faucets , however it does not clamp down tightly and is very easy for my children to pull off .2 . The soap dispencer is a great idea but the soap residue is hard to get out after a few uses and the button sticks in the open position.It is nice and soft and helps block the kids from hitting their heads but I would like it not to fall off so easily .
 Unfortunately , this Boon Flo did not work properly on either of my tubs -LRB- different faucets -RRB- . One is a very standard looking faucet , but I guess our water pressure is n't high enough -LRB- although decent -RRB- . The water does not flow out as it 's suppose to from the Boon Flo . I was disappointed . Another toy accessory for the discard pile .
 This product is great in theory but in reality , it leaves a little something to be desired . It would n't stay on our standard size tub spout unless I held it on . It started sliding off as soon as I let go . A slippery one year old and one less free hand are not a good combo .
 If you have a shorter faucet , do n't buy this item . It wo n't work properly , and the water will just spew out the side of it all over the floor .
 This product is pretty disappointing . It does not clamp tightly to the faucet spout and slips off to the end causing water to flow out the back . My spout is a typical design so the cover should be able fit properly . Many people mentioned the need for a shower pop-up knob , which we do have . When someone takes a shower , the cover slips forward holding the knob up . The knob would normally pop back down when the shower is turned off . Instead I get an icy cold shower when I turn my daughter 's bath water on ! The other problem is that the resevoir to hold bubble bath leaks badly and when I filled it in the evening at bath time it had completely drained by morning . This happened the very first time we used it , not after soap gunk had built up in the dispenser . The only feature I did like was that it was effective at diffusing the water flow which made it quieter and less scary to my baby .
 It is a great concept , but did n't fit my system . I just sent it back . But I would recommend it to anyone with an older , smaller tub faucet .
 I do n't really LOVE it , nor do I really dislike it ? The bubble bath spout feature ? Not the greatest . Great idea , poor execution . I am adding a picture to the main picture gallery . I literally just poured a lot of expensive baby bath into it , and it drained before 4 hours had even gone by ! Yes , down the drain ! So I can not use that feature with this item . It 's not very SOFT . Not the top of it , only the bottom . So I am not sure how this is really that much safer for the baby than just the regular spout alone . But I like how pretty it is . This is my first night owning it , so I may come back and say more , but for now - I 'm undecided whether or not I will continue to use .
 I have to say at first I was so glad I ordered it . fit perfect !! We do have the pull up for the shower on the faucet . The kids like it makes a fountain type for the water . Easier to wash their hair !! but a week later it is in 2 pieces just fell apart !! I have thrown the box and invoice !! So keeps Yours incase !!
 I purchased this product because my 10 month old loves to pull himself up on the tub spout during bath time . I purchased it to protect his noggin in the eventual spill he will take during this activity . Well , I have the exact tub spout that is pictured on the box and the cover slips right off ... no problem for a 10 month old nor an adult to remove . He grabbed it the first time , it slipped off and he fell on his bum , spot cover in hand . He was also more interested in the spout when it had the cover on . The added color and newness of the cover and the fact that it high lit the shower diverter made it an instant attractive and dangerous item for my son .
 I bought this thinking it would protect my child from knocking their head off of a hard faucet , but for this purpose this item is useless . It is just as hard as the faucet . The only soft piece on this `` faucet protector '' is the water deflector . What a waste of money !
 The upside ... I loved my Frog Pod that I got from this company and saw this product on their web site and was really excited about it . And I love the fact that 10 % of profits goes to children 's charities . I waited 4 months for the Flo to finally come out and ran to the store as soon as they put it on the shelves . The idea was great ! The open top was just what I needed for my shower lever.The down side ... I clipped the Flo to my faucet and filled it with bath bubbles the night before we actually used it . The next night it was empty . All the bubbles had slowly leaked out and gone down the drain.Well , I thought that 's not TOO bad and I will just use bubbles like before . It 's still an OK product , I can keep using it . I put my baby in the tub and turned on the water ... WATER WENT ALL OVER MY BATHROOM FLOOR ! The Flo spread the water so wide that it had gone over the edge of my bathtub . I tried tilting it down and up to see if I got any better results and I did for a minute until the water pressure made it go back to the original position again.Conclusion ... If I want to continue using the Flo , I can not make use of the bubble dispenser and I have use the shower curtain to keep myself and my floor dry . All in all , it 's not worth it to me . I was really let down by Boon on this one .
 I despised this stupid thing from the moment we first used it , right up until we replaced it with the Skip Hop Moby . The design , for starters , is obnoxious . The water is supposed to fountain out , which it does , but only if you 've barely got the water turned on because otherwise the water pressure will pull it off the spout and it will dangle uselessly from your water diverter . You try to put it back on , but because the spout it wet , the Flo loses it 's grip on the spout , slips and dangles again . OK , fine , take it off and lay it aside to be used another time . Next bath experience
 The Flo is another Boon product that completely underwhelms . My little one figured out how to take this faucet cover off the faucet by the time he was 20 months old . Now it 's a constant battle to get him leave it alone . The soap dispenser does n't work ; it 's much faster to just pour the bubbles directly into the tub rather than hold down the button for 10 minutes while the soap slowly drains out . The inside -LRB- where the water flows -RRB- is covered in pink mildew and is impossible to clean -LRB- disgusting when you think about babies drinking bath water -RRB- . The cover is not as soft as you may be led to believe . It 's hard plastic ; my son has hit his head on it a few times . Thankfully I can still return this item .
 We do n't have a shower diverter pull on our faucet , so this faucet cover often falls off . Additionally , it has so many crevices that just turns orange with mold and is impossible to clean . It pretty much has to be soaked and then cleaned with a Qtip and there are still parts that do n't get cleaned . Love other Boon products , but I 'd pass on this one . Actually in the market for a new faucet cover .
 If you do n't have a typical faucet , it wo n't fit . Mine is decorative and it did n't fit . Great idea but just not for us unfortunately .
 Okay , first , this thing looks a million times cooler than those duck ones . I was really excited about a functional item that looked cool too , but I was disappointed . I expected the design to be more evolved - there are a few major flaws . My 10 month old son can -LRB- and does -RRB- easily pull this off the faucet . When he does that , the door to the bubble dispenser pops open and all of the soap comes out . Additionally , the bubble dispenser door pops off easily -LRB- choking hazard ? -RRB- I would n't buy a duck , but I am pretty disappointed with this product .
 This product does collect mold and rust as other reviews state . Also , the bubble bath dispenser is an unnecessary feature since it does n't release a lot of soap at a time and for the time spent in refilling the dispenser , it would be just as easy to add the bubble bath directly to the bath . Not worth the money .
 The problem with this water deflecto is that it does not stay on the spout . It keeps sliding down and i have to constantly adjust it , and I do n't have anything fancy or unique ... just a standard bathtub and faucet . The soap filler does not like any heavier consistency soap . My 5yr olds Johnson & Johnson regular bubble bath soap is too thick and it does n't get released no matter how much we press the button . Had I not destroyed and threw away the box , I would have returned it .
 This is HORRIBLE . It does NOT stay on my faucet , if I hold it there , the water comes out in one flow , I ca n't really adjust the location of it . And the bubble bath holder/opening does n't actually get any bubble bath into the water . This is a HUGE waste of money . So disappointed . Oh , and fair warning , the box is a complete mess to open so I practically destroyed it trying to get the stupid thing out . So I ca n't return it now ! Extremely angry about this product .
 i 've had this for a year . the first time i put it on our faucet , i noticed it was n't going to stay on well . it 's very , very loose , & just knocking with my arm in passing it will cause it to fall off . we liked the fact that it made the water flow out farther after from the faucet , but that 's about the only positive aspect . the bubble bath chamber is a nice idea , but you have to fill it every time & wash it after every use , & keep your finger on the little button the whole time . -LRB- because the cover fits so loosely on our faucet , our son could n't press the button himself , or it would fall off . -RRB- it 's much easier to simply pour the bubble bath into the running water . Also -LRB- ! -RRB- , I wash our sons ' tub fairly often -LRB- about once a week -RRB- , & noticed that this cover started to develop mold RAPIDLY . -LRB- like within the first month -RRB- . It became black between the top & bottom sections & I could n't get it clean . I used a toothbrush , soaked it in vinegar , & eventually even tried bleach . Nothing worked . All in all , a total waste of money .
 It slides off the water spout randomly when not in use , and the force of water pushing on it makes it fall off faster . Maybe because our tub does n't have a thing that pulls up to turn the shower on , like the one in the picture has ? We have a knob to turn the shower on instead , and maybe that little metal pull-tab would keep it in place better . Bummer .
 I had read a million reviews before purchasing this item and my main big complaint is mildew ! I clean this thing on a weekly basis and took it off to discover so much that will not come off with any type of cleaner . I knew all about the fit and knew it would be a bit wobbly but it still worked . I refuse to have my son anywhere near this because of the fact that like others state it breeds mildew . If you think maybe yours will be exempt I doubt it unless you soak it in bleach every night which is ridiculous .
 I loved this product in the beginning . I bought it because I loved the water fall feature . I left it on the spout for months and months . It just never occurred to me to remove it . But I happened to be cleaning something on the floor near the edge of the tub one day and I looked up and saw mildew in the Flo ! I was horrified . I took the thing off and threw it away . You 'd think that a product that was meant for wet environments would be mildew resistant , you know , like shower curtains .
 This does indeed deflect the water for a softer `` waterfall '' flow but it was full of mold/mildew in less than a month ! The part that the water hits first when it comes out of the spout -LRB- the deflector -RRB- has a tiny hole that is supposed to drain any water that pools there . This hole drains too slowly and is ineffective at preventing mold/mildew from growing . As I speak the hole is entirely black and the area around it is covered in mildew as well . It 's not just where the water hits directly , either . We removed the deflector to soak it in bleach and the entire interior part that rests on the metal spout was also covered in mildew . This is a difficult area to clean as it 's has little ridges and dents and pockets and the material is a somewhat flexible rubber so it can not just be wiped clean . We soaked it in a bucket of bleach for a day or two and scrubbed it and got it looking acceptable , but still off-color and in less than a week all the mildew was back . We have good ventilation in our bathroom so that 's not the issue . Only buy this if you plan to remove it and thoroughly dry it by hand after every bath . It also did not fit my water spout very well and I have a very standard spout . It did fit in the end but seemed `` off . '' As of now , every bath my daughter takes is full of water that has passed through mildew and mold on its way into the tub which is gross so I am removing it and getting rid of it . I wo n't be buying another one .
 I was expecting something soft and rubbery which would help protect baby 's head if he falls in the bath . But this is hard plastic . I could n't figure out how it would really protect from anything . I guess it would help if you have your kids lean back to rinse their hair , this would allow them to sit further away from the faucet because of the waterfall spout . Also , although it 's handy that the diverter is still functional , it 's also a bit hazard sticking up that could hurt in a fall . I thought the protector came up higher around the diverter so that if you hit it , the head would stop at the protector and not reach the diverter . But that is not the case.I think it works as they intended ; it fits our faucet , and the waterfall effect is sort of neat . Did n't try the bubble dispenser , that seems like more trouble than its worth.Just not what I was expecting , and does n't work for us to provide the bath safety I was looking for .
 The cover is too loose and kept sliding off our faucet . Also , the spray was too wide and shot water out of the tub onto the floor . I wish it fit tighter and worked . It was really cute , and I think my daughter would have liked the waterfall . I ended up returning it to Amazon .
 I love the design/look of this , but we also had problems with soap leaking out . No real problem since we keep liquid soap in the bath anyway . The big problem was with it falling off . I contacted customer service and they were very helpful offering suggestions , though they did not offer a refund since it had been several months since the purchase . We are still using it and it is pretty stable after I wrapped a few rubber bands around the faucet -LRB- under the Boon Flo -RRB- and one around the back.I do not mind this setup , but find it disappointing to have to deal with it for a product at a higher price point . We are still using it more than 2 years after purchase though , since it does work with the modifications . If I 'd spent less initially , I would have given it a higher rating even with the problems.I do enjoy the `` waterfall '' effect , though honestly I wish I 'd just purchased a cheaper blowup/plastic cover to start .
 I was not impressed with this item . While it did prevent my two year old from bumping his head on the hard faucet and made for extra frothy bubble baths , I found that it leaked the bubble bath soap I put in it . One brand of bubble bath I use is thicker and it clogged . Perhaps my tub faucet is larger than standard but I had a hard time opening the Flo wide enough to slip it on easily . It ended up at funny angle that allowed water to pool in the end . The water spray freaked out my son at first , even on low waterflow . He got used to it after a few days but never really took to it and refused to wash his hair under it . Eventually he asked me to take it off the faucet . I will try it again when he 's older , I suppose . Knowing what I know now I would not spend my money on it .
 Boons Let it Flo seemed like an awesome idea ... the idea - awesome but the product not so much . I tried it on my faucet without a shower stopper and it fell off several times but because it was already out of the box I opted to try it out for the bathtime ... when being held in position -LRB- by me -RRB- the water flowed nicely off it to give a good waterfall to shower off my toddlers soapy head . And it made the water come into the tub nicely as well ... but the jist is : - it does n't fit my tub -LRB- narrow faucet w/o shower stopper -RRB- - the item is made of hard plastic not a softer plastic that would be nice for the little kids heads ! - from using it three times I could tell it was going to breed some awful mildew & soap residue that was going to be a pain to clean - and while the bubble bath dispenser is a cool idea ... it 'd be better if you did n't have to continuously push the button to get the soap out ... Sorry Boon - I 'm usually a big fan - but not today !
 Within a month the zipper broke . Amazon wo n't take it back but they are offering to let me sell it ? I did n't even use it to haul around baby stuff . Obviously it ca n't take the stress involved in baby care .
 It 's adorable but she dropped it and one of the handles broke , then the cup cracked where the handle had been , and I had to trash it . We did n't have it for long .
 This is a cute cup with little pictures and french words . It feels sturdier than the average sippy cup , but the top is difficult to get on and off . Out of frustration , we now only use it as a two handled cup without the lid .
 The lid has to be pulled out with such force that when you are ready to wash the cup , any leftover liquid sprays everywhere .
 I bought this rug to use in my daughters room , but decided I did not really need a rug . I was going to use it as a wall hanging and upon hanging it up I noticed that it is flamable !!! I thought OH MY , how can they make and sell an item for a babys room that does not meet flamability standards . I rolled it back up and took it back to the store immediatly . I gave it one star because you have to give it something .
 I got this as a gift at my baby shower -LRB- bought from my baby registry -RRB- My 2 month old son seems to like the vibration feature.It 's not his fav chair though , he prefers the swing . He stays in this chair for 5 minutes max before he yells to get out.The music in this is POOR , VERY VERY POOR !!!! It sounds like cheap crap and I am disappointed cause I had really expected more.It is the same quality that you will hear from a musical card when you open it . I think they were trying to play twinkle twinkle little star but the notes were off in some areas.The rainforest swing on the other hand sounds very good.I will NOT recommend , sorry .
 My son is fairly active and when I sat him in this chair he reached forward to his feet . If I had not been close he would have crashed onto his head . I called fischer = price and they blew me off . If anyone 's kid gets hurt because of this VERY dangerous product I will be happy to testify !
 Like I said in my title , rocking movement is extremely limited . I have one of these wire bouncers and they 're way better than this . The other thing is the attachment with toys . Who ever designed that , did n't have the slightest idea what he/she was doing . To take that thing off requires a substantial amount of force , but you have to be careful and not to brake that snapping plastic . Now , when you take this thing finally off and when you put it back on , it makes very loud noise snapping in place , that it scares the babe .
 Our triplets are now 12 weeks old and we have been using this seat since they were about 4 weeks old . I was impressed initially as the seat went togehter easily and was cute with it 's attached toys and bright colors . It seemed like the perfect product for our family as our 20 month old daughter also loved to sit in it , whether in the infant or toddler position . The first dissapointments I had with this chair were finding that there was another whole seating position to use for newborns that laid the seat flatter but since I had n't noticed earlier I chalked it up to my post-partum haze -LRB- however I had read the instructions putting it together and could n't find that this step was outlined there -RRB- , and also that it does n't rock smoothly or easily . A couple of weeks ago we realized that there are sharp corners not covered by the seat cover -LRB- elbow bends the striped hood attaches to -RRB- that poke the kids ' heads when they slump to one side . We have to put a recieving blanket over the sides otherwise they wake up screaming , no doubt with a headache . The final issue that prompted me to write a review is that over the weekend one of the kids had a blow-out in the chair which prompted us to wash the seat cover . My husband washed it according to the tag instructions -LRB- cold water , dry low heat -RRB- and the seat is now ruined because the nylon tether in the back shrank and caused the cardboard back to buckle outwards . My advice , buy a regular bouncy seat ; they 're so much cheaper and easier for the babies to self-operate . This product was not worth anything near what we paid for it , and after just three months , is now useless .
 To my dismay , I had to return this right away because it was way too small for my son 's head . This is extremely disappointing for me since my son has a nasty flat spot on his head . I wish Amazon would post the dimensions of their products so I can make better purchasing decisions .
 I bought this cover because the material in the carseat we purchase was really bothersome to my daughters skin -LRB- caused a rash -RRB- . This product is very pricey -LRB- could 've bought a new carseat -RRB- , but we had a coupon and thought it looked very cute . It solved the problems my daughter was having with it no problem ... HOWEVER the canopy for this could use a hole for inserting a bottom attachment like the canopy that came with the carseat provided -LRB- the canopy 's bottom always got in the way , touched the ground , etc. -- we removed it completely -RRB- . The cover also posed a safety hazard when it came off and wrapped itself around my daughters face -LRB- she could n't get it off -RRB- . I pulled over due to the muffled sound of her screams , and my 4 year old said he could n't see her face -LRB- it was dark -RRB- . I found the cover wrapped over her face -- the elastic band was on her neck . It was almost like the glad food covers they sell . VERY SCAREY . I gave it a two though because she had a very nasty rash on her elbows that this carseat solved . Maybe the manufacturer should recommend securing the cover with some safety pins or a couple stitches -LRB- like I ended up doing -RRB- .
 I used the toddler cover for my daughter in the paisly blue and loved it -LRB- especially for summer time -RRB- the soft lightweight fabric kept her cool . Since I loved it so much I decieded to indulge and buy a dark pink/brown paisly infant one and this light blue/printed one.First I will say the fabrics really are wonderful , the design of the canopy however is terrible and will not allow the canopy be movable/repositioned when in use this needs to be addressed by the company I was very dissapointed.Secondly , the pink set was great and had both pieces , however the second set the blue/print set was missing the canopy -LRB- this was not a big deal for me since it is so poorly designed anyway I ended up ditching the pink sets one after a few days -RRB- but I called the company anyway since the canopy was not in the package and the plastic had not been opened until I opened it , I spoke with a lady there Megan and she was sure I had a toddler cover in my hands not an infant . I was a bit annoyed since I have used their toddler size in the past for my daughter and know it is much larger and not at all the same shape . After I convinced Megan I was not insain and infact was holding an infant size cover without canopy I asked what could be done , she said she was not authorized to send me a replacement -LRB- ha replacement , missing piece would be more like it since I was never sent one -RRB- so I asked if they could go off the shipping weight to see I had not been shipped the canopy since the weight would be off , but she said they could not do that . I asked if this had ever happened before and she said yes but only a few times , so I said it has happended before that there was a packaging error but she again said there was nothing she was authorized to do . I asked if there was anyone else that could do something for me , she gave me the contact info of the owner Jenni . I sent her an email to just get told the same thing again.I was very dissapointed in this company as you can all tell since I am using my priecous moments when my kids are sleeping to write a review , but really I have never spent this much on an item with a missing part to be told there is nothing we can do for you accpt take another $ 20 plus shipping from you to correct our error . Really be careful when buying this brand and make sure all pieces are intact before leaving the store . Not impressed with customer servise at all or the owner . I still saved my email to the company and the email the owner sent me , I want to post them but not sure what forum to use ?
 Do not buy this ! There is hardly any air for baby to breathe once in . Also the sling is not as snug as shown . I was very disappointed with this product considering the price charged and the reviews .
 I attempted to use this , but it 's just not going to be possible . My baby hates it . He 's usually happy and care-free , until I try to put him in this . He screams . It seems way too small , yet I got the right size . It seems dangerous on the head to me as well . We do n't like it , , he actually hates it . Dissapointed with this purchase .
 I bought this bath toy because I liked that it was less toxic than a typical plastic rubber ducky , but I am not happy with it . It does n't dry between uses even if I wring it out . Because it stays damp , it gets mildewy spots . It does do fine in the wash , but who wants to have to put a bath toy through the laundry on a daily basis ?
 We really do not like this sling , which is a shame b/c I was really excited about it b/c it looks so easy to use . The biggest drawback of this sling is that it 's not adjustable - even if you get it sized correctly for your body , you have to take into account that babies are all different sizes too . Based on his age and the Hotsling 's documentation , my baby should be comfortable in a forward or inward facing front carry . The sling is too small to carry him facing forward and too big for him to face me and stay upright . He never could lay down in it either b/c he 's much too long - he was 26 '' long at 3mos old . Save your money and get a sling that adjusts to fit you AND your baby . I have a ring sling from another manufacturer that is much more comfortable for both of us . It was more expensive , but we 've gotten a lot more mileage out of it than this Hotsling .
 this sling seemed too tight to put a baby in . I tried it in 2 different sizes and neither seemed right for me and the baby . I got the size that the package indicated for my weight and the size larger and both were too tight . I was never as comfortable as the woman on the package looks . I returned both and am using the Baby Bjorn .
 I was really excited about these quilt clips because my coworkers made my son a handmade quilt with the same animals on it . However , I would never think about hanging up such a beautiful quilt with these clips . These clips are very poor quality and are n't actually real quilt clips . All are simply a wooden painted animal -LRB- not hand painted - you could buy them at Michaels or another craft store pre-painted as a previous review stated -RRB- that is glued onto a plastic skirt hanger clip . The skirt clips have teeth would ruin the quilt over time . If you have a cheaper , store bought quilt you plan to hang for a short period , these quilts will probably work okay . However , do n't buy the giraffe or any clips that have a thin section . If you look closely in the picture , you can see the white clip behind the giraffe . This is a lot more obvious than the picture portrays and will stick out if the wall is any color other than stark white . Bottom line - if you are looking to buy cute clips for a quilt you do n't care much about , the bigger clips like the elephant and tiger would work . If you have any attachment to your quilt at all , DO NOT buy these clips !!! I would send them back , but it 's not work the shipping to mail a $ 15 product back and forth .
 These animals are $ 1 at Michaels Craft store , all this company is doing is hot gluing a clip to the back . You can buy a hot glue gun and these animals for less than what they are selling them for .
 YOU CAN GET THESE AT YOUR LOCAL CRAFT STORES . YOU CAN BUY THEM FOR ABOUT 50 CENTS A PIECE . WHAT A RIP OFF .
 If you have purchased this product in the clear , please check it right away . I purchased 4 rolls of this product . I paid to have it installed on a deck and fence . It looked very nice . After 3 months it started to crumble and fall apart . It looked fine , but if you touched or pushed on it , it would fall apart in your hands . I contacted Unbeatable Sales about it . They wrote me back and told me to contact the product 's company because the 30 day period was over and they could not help me . I did contact the company . Thank goodness the company was more helpful than Unbeatable Sales . They said they had problems with this product and I should have been contacted by Unbeatable Sales . I assured them that NO one had contacted me . I was sent replacements in the black color . Now I will have to pay to have it installed again . Of course this does not make me very happy ! Last of all , I am very happy I did not have anyone fall through the railings because of the problem with the product .
 I bought this product in January . I installed it , and would have given it a great review at the time . It was relatively easy to install , looks OK , and seemed safe . However , by about August , the netting began to tear , and the material now falls apart with only the most gentle touch . The product is completely unsafe . Do not buy it .
 This product is okay -- not great . Installation was easy , but the durability and strength of the product is somewhat questionable . The actual netting is not as thick or as strong as I would have expected . While I was installing it , my son , who is 10 months old , was playing with his mother on the deck . He was curious as to what I was doing , so came over to see . I was going above and beyond the instructions as far as distance between fasteners and hooks . He came up to a section I had installed and pushed on the netting . Where it was attached to the decking via the provided hooks it simply broke and left go . This was a 10 month old pushing with one hand . I can only imagine that it would not stop a child if they fell into it with any force whatsoever.To give anyone who is thinking of ordering this a sense , I would describe it as equivalent to a thick , but not very strong , fishing line.If your only purpose is to stop a child from putting their arms or hands into gaps or holes where they could get stuck , but could never possibly fit their whole body through , it may do the job . If you have gaps below or between balusters that a child could fit through , I would not recommend this product .
 A couple of other reviews talk about this product working with a toddler bed even though the description says twin or queen , so I ordered it . Big mistake . It does not fit a toddler bed ! Maybe the other reviewers and I have different definitions for `` toddler bed . '' The instructions for my little guy 's crib says it converts to a toddler bed by removing a rail , so I 'm referring to something that uses the same mattress as a crib . It definitely requires at least a twin size mattress as stated in the item description . This one stays in the garage for a while .
 Its low set . If a pillow gets beside it , its not hard to roll over the pillow and then over the rail . Its short when on a full or queen bed . I feel that I have to have two side-by-side on each side .
 They were easy to install , but are very difficult to put up and down . Awkward . They are n't all that sturdy either .
 This product appears to be nice . It has the added safety of going accross the bed , but it is extremely flimsy . The metal bars bend if lend on .
 We had to return the bedrail . The anchors were about 4 inches too short for our Queen sized bed .
 I loved this sheet when I bought it and after I washed it . Then I went to it on my Pack n Play . The sheet is too small ! Yes , it is nicely snug , but it is so snug that it pulls the pad so that it is no longer flat . The sheet does not rip or anything when I put it on , but it caused the pad to bunch up so badly that I ended up returning this sheet . I thought it was too bad because this sheet is so soft!Another potential issue is that if you are using this with a child less than a year who may be sleeping on it , the sheet is not SIDS safe . It may be snug -LRB- and overly so -RRB- , but the fact that it is quilted poses a SIDS risk .
 We purchased this sheet for our Graco Pack 'N Play with Twins Bassinet . Upon receiving the sheet , I washed it on the delicate cold setting and dried it on the delicate extra low setting . I tried but could n't get the sheet to fit my 40 '' x 28 '' Pack 'N Play mat . Returning .
 Maybe not all Graco products are the same size but on ours it 's snug and buckles . Not that you ca n't fit it on but I 'm not sure how comfortable it is to lay on when the bottom does n't lay nicely flat . Wish they 'd modify the length .
 This sheet is so snug that it pulls the mattress so it wo n't lay flat . Its been washed several times and I do n't remember it always being like this , but it is now . Its soft and cozy , but when it creates a big bump in the mattress its not comfy and my baby does n't sleep well . Disappointing .
 Loved this at first , so cushy and soft ! Wrong , after a few washes must have shrunk -LRB- have this in 2 colors both are in garbage now -RRB- nanny just told me today that she did n't hear baby babbling anymore so she went to check on him and found the sheet had come over the mat because it shrunk , pulling mat up -LRB- we did n't realize -RRB- which left room for baby to pull it up over mattress and onto himself , she found him between sheet and mat . Thank god he 's okay !
 I got this bag 8 months ago when my 3 daughter was born . It is a super cute bag but very stiff . It did n't hold as much as I had hoped . The bag is also starting to come apart where the straps attach to the bag itself . I expected a lot more for the money . All the reviews I read shared such praise about the bag but I would not recommend it nor buy another one . Only 8 months old and I already have to buy a new one . I cost me about $ 12 a month for this bag . I am not rough on bags in particular either . I just do n't think this bags is worth the $ 100 price tag ...
 Totally not worth the price . After using it for only two weeks the side seems started to split . After several attempts to contact the manfacturer reguarding replacement . They advised I would not only have to pay to have the bag sent to them , but also include a $ 12 check to cover the shipping of the replacement . All because I did not purchase dircetly from them . Do n't by this bag !
 We brought our baby home and used the pampers from the hospital . We had several leaks with these and switched to the newborn huggies and they fit wonderfully . However after about 2-3 weeks I noticed the baby had a diaper rash we just could n't get to heal no matter which creams or how much we air dried him . We were also using huggies wipes and as soon as we stopped using the wipes and the diapers the rash went away within a day . We tried the wipes and diapers separately since then and again they start a rash within a couple of days . I am very disappointed because I really liked the way these fit .
 Poor delivery timing , substitution without permission . Due to outsourcing , poor communication and responses . Unable to correlate with `` out sourced '' customer service person because of poor communication and English.A totally rotten experience .
 It says somewhere in the Amazon description that this gate could be used for a top of stairs application , which is why I bought it ... we have a staircase that is 76 '' across . To keep it short , this gate is not for that application at all , and even says so in the instructions for use . It is not nearly strong enough to keep a curious toddler safe . The components are plastic and brittle , and two of them cracked on installation -LRB- and I used my tried and true handyman who was frankly disgusted with the quality of the gate -RRB- . Try the Configure Gate instead ... much better .
 The crib came damaged and since im due any day now I had no choice but to keep it . One of the drawers was broken , another piece had a huge crack , and extra holes needed to be drilled because they were missing ! A metal part that is for the drawer to slide was completely bent out of shape so now I have an uneven drawer that gets stuck . Needless to say I wont order on Amazon again after this . I almost cried when I saw all the damage . =-LRB- Also its ALOT smaller then I thought .
 Seriously , it 's like I just took $ 40 and threw it out the window . Save your money . They feel like cardboard and absorb like it too . These diapers are TERRIBLE !!
 I purchased this stroller for my third child . I had a Peg Lil ` Shopper for my first two , now 8 and 10 , and never had a complaint . I expected to find the same quality and conveinence that I enjoyed with my first Peg . Unfortunately , I have nothing but complaints about the Venezia . First , the slots that hold the back of the canopy are useless . Each and every time I take this stoller in/out of the car , or lift it for any reason , the canopy comes detached . Second , the 5-point harness is suppose to be safer but my 8 month old likes to sit straight up . So when you use the shoulder harness properly , she has to recline alittle bit because the seat does n't have an upright position -LRB- which leads to a crying fit -RRB- . If I made them loose , then they 'd fall off her shoulders and cause a tangled mess . Not to mention that when you unfold it , the straps fall underneath the seat at the locking mechanism . On two occassions , the stroller folded with baby in it ! Everytime I use this stroller I have to reattach the canopy , then check and make sure the straps are not underneath the seat . Also the basket is small campared to the diaper bags that are on the market . I 've tried Eddie Bauer , Bjorn and backpacks - none of them fit in the basket . I did called Peg and they offered to look at , and repair if necessary , the stroller - but I have to send it to them and be without it for at least a week . There are two things Peg improved from my first Peg
 This is a nice looking stroller and rides very smooth . I am an active mom , I need my stroller for mall trips and just walks around the city . This stroller takes a manual and a degree to collapse and unfold . For quick trips , and stress free trips , dont get this one . One last thing , it is big and does not manuever too well between isles . I purchased the Graco Snug Ride Travel System instead and am very very happy . Since this stroller was almost 300.00 I thought it would be made a bit more convienent for us active and busy moms .
 I bought this stroller because it seemed to be better thn the rest . The softness , 5 point harness and the fact that the arms swing back anf forth were very nice ... so I thought . However , this stroller turned out to be a nightmare ! The arm bar is too low -LRB- I am only 5 ' 5 -RRB- and it was uncomfortable to push . The wheels did not turn properly ... ever ... and made for a terrible ride . It is VERY heavy and not good for the sidewalk . I purchased the so-called universal bar that would allow me to attach my Graco infant car seat but it did n't work ! ... Do n't be fooled by looks and go for comfort and ease of use ...
 I have an older version of this stroller and it has been through two kids now . It is beautiful and I love being able to switch directions . You just want to keep in mind that the wheels facing front are the ones that should swivel . I would suggest testing it out it at a high end baby store such as Belini so someone can show you all the tricks , IF you MUST buy it . My BIG problem with it has to do with the Peg Perego company itself , as stated by a previous reviewer -LRB- check out the Peg Perego , Primma Pappa high chair to see more comments on Peg Perego items -RRB- . I feel like the company makes a ton of money and therefore is n't into customer service . My older version had folding release mechanism problems , that the company admitted to . They kindly SOLD me expensive parts for what was THEIR design flaw . Installing these parts was a nightmare . They should follow the example of high end stores such as LL Bean who back their prodcut one hundred percent . I am never going to buy Peg Perego again as their product has snob appeal and little else . It 's a lot of money for shoddy merchandise . Check out Combi !! Classy , sturdy and high end with pretty colors .
 I purchased this stroller while still pregnant because of all the great reviews I 've read . But no where was it ever mentioned the effectiveness on steps or public transportation . This stroller is in no way made for apartment living if you dont have a wheelchair ramp . I live on the first floor of a walk up building and have 2 short steps into the building then 4 steps to the first floor . Can you believe that the break gets engaged going up or down the steps and locks stroller onto step between step and footrest . I called the company and they said this stroller has to be totally lifted up and down the steps . How realistic is this ? This has become the most expensive baby seat for in the house and can only be taken out when I have someone with me . I had to invest in a Mclaren Techno XT .
 Do not consider this a `` technical '' review . Just from the gut . it looks great and the fabric is terrific and my son loves it ... but the design just is not right . I live in NYC and I can not steer this thing . Wheels are pretty bad . Storage is terrible . It is too cumbersome . Yes , it makes you feel like your baby is well-protected and he/she is , but other stroller do a good job too . My nanny hates it . We will continue to use it but we just got a second stroller -LRB- The Zippy by Inglesia -RRB- because this one alone does not cut it . One more time for the awful steeing .
 i received this stroller as a gift for the one that i registered for got discontinued ... well , after 2 months , i have returned it and got a graco -- sure the pattern is beautiful and the material is of a high quality -- but practicality this one does n't have it . . the basket is tiny -- a small diaper bag will fit in there & you have to squeeze it in there ... no parent tray - does n't seem like a big deal until you walk through the mall pushing the stroller in one hand and carrying a cup in the other -- big pain . . i tried ordering a parent tray through peg perego but they do n't make one -- and the universal one does n't fit -- also , the 5 point harness in the stroller itself is very useless -- i have yet to meet a toddler that wants to be soo strapped in & you ca n't disconnect it -- i tried . . not worth the money ...
 Yes , I know I am in the minority here . But I am going to be brutally honest about this stroller and how much my husband and I hate this thing . We received it as a gift -LRB- we picked it out -RRB- before our baby was born . I had heard and read WONDERFUL things about Peg Perego . My sister in law -LRB- who bought it for us -RRB- is from NY city and her friends told her there was no other choice - it was the best ! Well ... Negatives : * The wheels are too small for this monstrous stroller . No matter where we try to drive it -LRB- smooth floor in the mall , sidewalk , street , etc -RRB- it ALWAYS catches on something and almost slings our daughter out . * The footrest is constantly coming out of the holes . I always have to pop it back in place before I can open the stroller completely . * The basket is a total waste . There is no room for anything in there -LRB- I have the LL Bean medium sized diaper bag -RRB- . And to top it all off , when I put my purse or something small in there , when I remove it , the basket comes out of the slots completely EVERY time . That is a pain ... * The canopy is sturdy , but goes down too far . My toddler gets frustrated every time I put it on b/c she ca n't see where we 're going . * The harness system is very hard to clean . Actually , all the pieces are hard to get off and clean . We were in a storm where our van rear window was totally shattered . The stroller had glass shards everywhere . It took us several hours to get the stroller apart , cleaned and back together . * The attachment piece for another infant carseat is a joke . It 's a plastic rod that barely holds the weight of the carseat . * For all this money , no parent tray ? Get real ! And just so you know , it also does n't have a tray for the kid either!Positives : * The quality of the material is awesome . Peg Perego has beautiful fabric . * I like the carriage option.If I had it to do over again I would NEVER NEVER NEVER pick this stroller . It is a nuisance and not worth the money . My friend has the graco lightweight french bear stroller and I wish I had gotten it - she is thrilled with it and it was a fraction of the cost ... and it matches our infant seat . FYI - I LOVE the peg perego highchair , just not this stroller!Good luck !
 It 's nice that it folds all the way down for a newborn . That is why I bought it . The material is snazzy too . I like the all weather muff and the way you can switch the bar to go from front to back . However , BEFORE you buy it WALK AROUND THE STORE SEVERAL TIMES . The design of this thing is lousey . You will , -LRB- unless you have a really short step -RRB- hit your shins on the bottom of this stroller . It seemed fine in the store . Maybe because I was n't walking the way I usually do . But after I riped all the tags off and brought it to the boardwalk I realized how uncomfortable it is to walk with . I am not very tall , nor do I have exceptionally long legs . I was very unhappy . I will not use it again . I 've had other people try it of various hieghts and they all agree . SO TRY IT FIRST or you 'll be stuck with it like I am . I now have a -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- clothes tree .
 So I thought I would do the trendy thing and buy this stroller for it was highly recommened . First and foremost this stroller is extremely cumbersome . Opening and folding this large `` hunk of junk '' is impossible . Either the five point harness gets stuck upon opening thereby you are stuck with baby in hand and no easy way fold the stroller again so that you can retrieve the harness . It is difficult to manuver due to the small wheels around the city . In terms of going shopping forget it . It is too big and clunky to fit down any aisle in any department store . If you are traveling do yourself and your poor spouse a favor leave it home . Basically , I have found that this stroller is really useless . GRACO is a much better option and you can save quite a bit of money .
 It 's very cute , but because of some defect , it does n't rotate . The music is also iffy , sometimes it plays , sometimes not .
 I 'm not sure if its because my daughter is only almost 4 months but the toys does not really hold her attention very well . She will look at it and touch it but it does not curb her from wanting me to pick her up . The suction has its good days and bad days . Usually when I wet the bottom before I put it on the highchair it sticks better .
 My 6 month old can break the suction and throw this to the ground in approximately 5 section . The suction is not strong enough to hold the toy in place on the high chair . As a toy , it 's fine , but we were looking for something we did n't have to keep picking up . This is not it .
 My baby enjoys the toy enough , but I bought it specifically bc I was looking for a product I could stick to the tray on her high chair so she would have something to entertain her that she could n't throw to the floor in two seconds . The suction cup is basically useless . I do NOT recommend this item if the suction cup is one of the features that attracts you to it .
 I bought this specifically for the suction cup base ... well it only suctions to my daughters high chair tray or any other hard surface for around 20 seconds then , its tossed right on the floor with the rest of her toys . As well she seems to get her fingers stuck in the toy and then screams , I had to take it away from her because she kept getting them stuck , I was worried she would bruise her hands or worse . If the suction base worked at all I could place it just within her reach so her hands would n't get stuck in it , and she could still spin it . I am very disappointed with this toy and as well have forwarded my concerns to the manufacturer . I hope this and all the other reviews help any other parents looking to buy this .
 I got this product for my daugther because she is in the '' I 'm going to throw everything on the floor . '' So I thought OH great this will suction to her high chair . OH NO I was wrong . This did n't suction to anything !!!! I had to stuff it in the cup holder for it to stay in place . She loves the toy part but there is no suction at all .
 The suction toy is a great concept . I purchased 2 suction toys for my son 's walker because he kept dropping toys and then running them over to try and get them . At first I was really excited to have found them but quickly learned that they do not stay in place . My son sometimes removes the suction portion and chews it and can be entertained momentarily by me spinning the fish but it does not work properly . While the concept is great it is a waste of money if you desire the toy to actually suction to anything .
 Like one of the other reviewer pointed out ... toy easily detaches from the suction cup . That totally defeats the purpose of having a suction cup toy . I suction the toy to her high chair and she grabs the toy out of the base , leaving the suction cup still attached to the tray . I did give it two stars because my 5 month old enjoys the toy -LRB- the fun music was a surprise to me -RRB- ... it just does n't work for the purpose I bought it for - to stay put .
 My daughter is 5-months old and finds the spinning features of this toy captivating . If she is fussy , it helps settle her down.Like most readers , I found the suction cup worthless and do n't even use it anymore . I just have this as a rattle.The problem is that at her age , her movements are not controlled . Thus , whenever she tries to shake it around like a rattle , she inevitably hits herself -LRB- or me ! -RRB- on the head . Being that it is a heavy plastic toy , it 's quite painful when you are hit with it . She also likes to use it as a teether , which makes me nervous about all the plastic .
 OMG these people are cheaters . i ordered spiffies toothwipes for baby they wrote SPIFFIES 221 TOOTHWIPES BABY APPLE for $ 5.77 plus there is $ 7.80 shipping so total is around total $ 13 which is a ok deal . i order the item and received today & shocked there 's only one box containing 20 wipes . for $ 13 i got only 20 wipes which is very expensive .
 IF you read the ingredients you 'll notice there are pthalates and paraben and dangerous artificial colors !!! HOW DO THEY GET AWAY WITH CALLING THEMSELVES ORGANIC ?! Amazon should be ashamed of themselves , supporting such a falsely advertised product ! I would NOT use this on myself , but especially on my kids . TERRIBLE .
 Tried 3 times until we got this install to our satisfaction . The seat still moves 1-2 inches from side to side , so we will take it to the highway patrol to see if they can optimize it . Meanwhile , our Britax Marathon -LRB- which the Radian is replacing for space reasons -RRB- does n't budge a millimeter and takes less than 2 minutes -LRB- and only one person -RRB- to install.We had to get this when our 2nd child came along this summer . With the 2 kids in the back -LRB- Ford Escape -RRB- , it became impossible for me to fit in the back seat -LRB- between the 2 car seats , a Graco Snugride 32 and a Britax marathon -RRB- . We really do n't want to move up to a minivan or larger SUV right now . So I am giving it 2 stars rather than 1 since it is slim enough for me to fit in the back seat between the 2 kids on occasion -LRB- I 'm only 5 ' with medium build , so would n't recommend this set-up to anyone much larger than that -RRB- The issue with this carseat is the design of the LATCH belt and the buckle that allows you to tighten and loosen it -LRB- the piece that the belt slides through to tighten , which you then lift to slide the belt through when loosening it -RRB- . When attempting to tighten the belt with the carseat in place , that buckle bumps up against the side of the seat in a way than then prevents further tightening : ** We basically had to pre-set the buckle so that the LATCH belt would be the length that we thought would allow it to be tight enough . At that point the adjustment buckle is behind the seat back , in the compartment that the belt travels through from one side to the other . Once that is set you REALLY have to bear down on the carseat with all your strength and weight in order to get the LATCH buckle into the anchor . My husband is 175 lbs and thankfully we were strong enough together to get it buckled with him kneeling into the carseat while hugging the bench , as I forced the LATCH connector with all my upper body and arm strength into the LATCH anchor . Preset the shoulder straps BEFORE installing the seat , so you do n't have to take off the seat and re-install once the shoulder straps are set -LRB- that was a great tip I learned in a previous review -RRB- Now that it is in , we are NEVER removing it until our kid outgrows it . So much for the foldability and supposed ease for travel -LRB- I see on other reviews that the heavy weight pretty much cancels out the nifty folding feature -RRB-
 Seat cover keeps falling off to the left . This caused the styrofoam to chip off . The company -LRB- Sunshine Kids -RRB- refuses to send another one even though it 's only been 3 months since purchase and I have a receipt . They keep saying it 's amazon 's responsibility . Amazon is only responsible for 30 days .
 Seat cover keeps falling off to the left . This caused the styrofoam to chip off . The company -LRB- Sunshine Kids -RRB- refuses to send another one even though it 's only been 3 months since purchase and I have a receipt . They keep saying it 's amazon 's responsibility . Amazon is only responsible for 30 days .
 After much research we settled on two radians . We got the 65 and the 80 . We 've been mostly happy with them until recently . With only short term use , the circular cloth piece the crotch buckle threads through completely fell apart -LRB- and had to be removed completely -RRB- on the 80 . The one on the 65 is hopelessly frayed . Recently , the cover on the 80 started coming loose on one side causing the styrofoam insert to start breaking apart . It is now completely gone . One morning I went to my car and the 80 seat was loose . Upon further inspection I noticed that the latch at the base had come unhooked -LRB- this baffled me as to how this happened because the latch seemed to be in proper working order , so I did n't give it much thought at the time -RRB- . Then the other day I was putting my son in my husband 's car and one of the prongs of the 65 broke off when I buckled the chest belt . The carseat only has a one-year warranty . The cloth issues do n't bother me nearly as much , but the broken buckle is absolutely unacceptable ! We do not misuse these products or put undue stress on them . We have only had them for 2 years . I am so disappointed that a product that is designed to serve your car restraint needs up to 65 or 80 pounds is too shoddily made to last that long . *** My experiences are not unique -LSB- ... -RSB-
 We bought two of these seats for our kids after much research . They are very solidly built , durable , and I believe they are very safe when used properly . The problem is installation . Our cars do n't have LATCH systems and it is next to impossible to install these securely with the shoulder belt . I typically have to wrestle with each one for 20-40 minutes , often injuring my back and fingers to get them securely into our '92 Accord . Using the tether helps but it 's very difficult to get the the shoulder/lap belt tight enough to minimize play , even using the locking clips.They simply will not fit safely in our '93 Corolla . Even the LATCH installations can be quite difficult in the rental cars we 've used . The straps can also be quite difficult to adjust -- they seem to get stuck underneath . I would love to give these a much higher rating but installation is so difficult that it can seriously compromise safety , not to mention usability .
 SKJP was on the right path with this seat . It 's narrow , it 's made from quality components , it has the potential to be user friendly.However , this seat typically runs in the 40-60 % of acceptable installation range . In other words it 's VERY possible that this seat may NOT work in your vehicle . Remember , a properly installed carseat should not move more than 1 '' side to side when checked for movement at the beltpath -LRB- where the seatbelt/LATCH strap is route through the carseat -RRB- . I purchased one of these directly from SKJP when they were first released for my then 4yo son who was too tall for pretty much every harnessed seat on the market with the exception of the Britax Husky , yet he was too thin -LRB- 33lbs soaking wet -RRB- to be placed into a traditional booster seat.This seat was completely incompatible with the vehicle that I needed to use it in.Buyer beware ... make sure that this is going to work in your vehicle , or that you have the option of returning it if it does not install properly in your vehicle.Keep your kids safe , make sure that their seat is properly installed and used each and every trip!strollerfreak - Mom of 4 and Child Passenger Safety Technician
 We bought two of these for our newborn twins because they were able to sit side by side in our van . The width of these seats made them perfect for our car , everything else was a nightmare . The foam behind the seats in both seats cracked and broke off in chucks . It is a piece of junk . I took the first seat back as soon as the foam cracked . Fortunately we live near where they are made . They did give me a new seat . It cracked in a week . But the worst and most unforgiveable things was the tether that locks the carseat in place . It is extrememly long . We took the seats on an airplane trip and when we got to our destination we put the seats in the car . We did not lock in the tether because there was no place on that particular car for the tether to go . Unfortunately the tether had come loose during the flight and was no longer rolled up in the back of the seat . The tether was so long it actually went from the middle seat and unbeknownst to me was hanging out of the door when we drove off . It then got caught under the wheel of the car smashing the middle baby seat into the other . We spent the morning at the ER with our two babies and one now has a permanent scar on his ankle from this accident . I went into Target to check out the tether lengths on the other seat brands . We realize that this was a crazy accident . But the length of the other tethers is about half that of the Sunshines . It 's not something you think about until the worst happens , but as a car seat manufacturer they ought to consider these things . Why should their tether be so much longer then everyone elses ? Also the seats are very heavy . We purchased the travel carrying covers for them -LRB- supposedly makes them easier to travel with in airports -RRB- . Both carrying straps broke withing 20 minutes of trying to lug those heavy carseats around . A piece of junk . Sunshine - you should be ashamed of yourselves .
 Just like an earlier reviewer , the one prong of the chest buckle on my son 's Radian 65 carseat snapped off when I was putting him in the car today . The seat is only about 1.5 years old , and we are the original owners . Clearly , the plastic is not high quality , and can not withstand routine use . I shudder to think what might have happened had it been tested in an accident . Sunshine Kids should recall the product instead of hiding behind a one-year warranty . Buyers beware !
 I am selling this after just over 1 year . This is not a good carseat if your child still naps . The back is so rigid & upright that it causes my sons head to flop almost straight down & at an awkward angle . I ca n't imagine that is good in the event of an acccident . No amount of adjusting to our SUV seat -LRB- it has the ability to slightly recline but it does n't impact the seat which still remains rigid -RRB- has helped . I am selling it on craigslist because clearly there are a lot of people who think this is a great carseat - it 's just not right for us . Instead I 'm getting the Cybex Solutions X Fix now that my son is 4 and can use the shoulder only . The Cybex has an adjustable headrest in case your child naps . We 'll see how that goes . Also , the edging on the seat cover is of poor quality/poorly sewn . My son likes to fidget with anything loose and one day he was screaming that his `` finger was stuck '' -- I could n't figure out what was happening and finally had to stop the car to check . The edging on the seat-cover had frayed at the side -LRB- and also around the buckle protector incidentally -RRB- . Aside from the frayed edges looking awful , there were long nylon strings hanging loose from the fraying nylon . My son had twisted with his finger around the threads which were dangling from the edging . He twisted until it became tangled and tight on his finger -LRB- his finger was dark purple -RRB- ! I had a hard time getting it off and by then my son was irate & in pain . I 've read other issues with the poor construction of the seat cover , but in this case , it turned it into a safety hazard . Not good for a seat of this price ...
 I purchased the Radian 65 about a year ago , primarily because it is very narrow , and I need to fit 3 kids in the back of a sedan . If I could fit a wider car seat in the car , I would definitely choose something else . It 's easy enough to put together and install . My dislikes are :1 -RRB- Frayed edges . Some of the stiched edges have frayed and I have to cut off long pieces of thred from time to time .2 -RRB- Fabric cover does not stay attached to frame . Virtually every day I have to reattach it . It 's a pain .3 -RRB- It 's not very comfortable for the kid . The seat sits very upright , so head drooping and bobbing is a definite problem while napping . I ca n't imagine this would work well for an infant.I 've probably owned at least 7 different car seats over time and I find this one to be the most annoying .
 Yes the folding feature is handy for people who travel on planes to grandpa 's house ... but it is heavy , and you have to buy an additional strap to carry it like a back pack.Also , THE COVERS ARE NOT MACHINE WASHABLE !! What kind of child 's product is n't machine washable ?!? Our one year old vomited old milk all over the car seat , and no amount of hand washing was going to get the smell of sour milk out , so we threw it in the wash ... and it practically disintegrated . A replacement cover is $ 70.00 ! So instead I sewed it back together Frankenstein style , not very attractive , but it 's working ... sorta ... If the cover were washable , I would recommend this car seat ... but without , I 'd say keep looking .
 I bought this pump several months before I had my son . I began using it immediately after he was born . In less than 1 year , the rubber plastic vacuum cap developed a hole in it and the pump no longer had adequate suction . I have no idea how this happened , as you must take the pump apart to even see this . Anyway , Medela does not repair this part or offer replacement . It is also no longer under warranty - warranty covers 1yr from date of purchase on this part . Although I had not used it for one year , the date of purchase is what 's important . I called Medela and they offer no assistance . This is obviously a product flaw . I am extremely disappointed that I have to purchase a new pump , which is a big expense . I am also currently renting a hospital pump which is also expensive and not a long term solution , especially if we choose to have another child . I 'm very hesitant to purchase another medela .
 I paid $ 250.00 for the Medela Pump in Style Original . The reason I decided to pay so much for a breast pump is that I wanted a high quality product for when I return to work , and I wanted a dual pump for quicker expression . This pump received excellent reviews on Epinions . Be cautious when reading reviews . Note the moms who actually had to pay for this pump rather than inherit it from others -LRB- if you got a free pump , would n't you be less critical ? -RRB- . This pump is not to be used by more than one woman , as the warning labels indicate . Some women have written a review for the ADVANCED breast pump , which could be better than this ORIGINAL breast pump.The following are reasons why I would not recommend this pump.The `` dual '' function of this pump . Unless you are willing to spend quite a bit of additional money , do not consider this as a dual pump . Page 7 of the instructions for this pump shows a woman holding the breastshields in place and the instructions indicate
 This product is great but do NOT buy it from BP Medical . You can not return an unopened and unused product for a full refund - they charge a 15 % restocking fee that is not disclosed at the time of purchase !
 It 's terrible that Medela has cornered the market on breast pumps . Instead of convincing hospital personnel to push their brand on new mothers , they should spend money improving their design . 1 -RRB- this breast pump is incredibly uncomfortable especially when you first start breast feeding . It 's kind of a dirty secret , but breast feeding is not always natural and easy for all women . These cups are HARD plastic , not soft and remotely pliable or gentile on the breast like they should be . 2 -RRB- sucking motion is VERY mechanical and will pull your nipple within an inch of their lives . I think Medela forgot to hire a woman to help with the design and instead drafted some guy from the Hoover engineering dept. !!!! I had some real problems with breast feeding and if I had n't tried another brand of pump , I would have given up on breast feeding all together ! Fortunately , I found the Whittlestone , which was designed by a woman Dr. and is gentle and humane even with the MOST tender , beat up , duct clogged breast . When my son was in NICU , I brought my trusty Whittlestone to the hospital where the lactation consultants convinced me to try the latest and greatest computerized hospital/pro version of Medela . Even the most updated software does n't make up for Medela 's huge design flaws .
 I had a great deal of trouble breastfeeding initially due to post-pardum anemia . In addtion , my son was vacuumed which affected his sucking mechanism -LRB- a little not to breastfeeding moms out there ... both will affect you child 's ability to breastfeed properly -RRB- . The pump worked great AT FIRST . Then it lost suction ... I spoke with customer service who immediately sent me a new pump . Great , you would think . The pump they sent had less suction than the first . I called medela again and again they sent me a new pump . AGAIN it did n't work . I requested another pump again and inquired whether or not they send refurbished products . They ademantly stated they do NOT do this . OK fine . I requested a third pump which they sent . The pump DIED while I was using it . It lasted about thirty seconds . Now they are supposed to send me a new pump to return to the store . It has been two weeks and I have not received one yet . My breastmilk supply is now starting to decrease and they now have NO sympathy what so ever now that I am set to return thier product . I would n't be returning their product if it has worked well in the first place . I will NEVER buy a medela product again ; not even bottles ! If you have a similar experience at all , take the first pump they send to you and return it ! Do n't go through what I am currently going through .
 I bought one 2 months ago and the electronic stop working . Called manufacturer about the so called `` 12 months warranty '' , not only I need to pay all the shippings , but the problem was `` because of misuse '' and refuse to cover the repair cost . I am just a regular customer , never see this kind of manufactuer warranty before .
 I wanted to purchase a pump to replace the hospital pump I was renting . I must have read over 100 reviews before I talked myself into spending the money on this pump . When I finally did I could not have been more disappointed . With the pump set at max settings I could not get any milk to come out . Fortunately when I contacted the Supplier I bought it from they allowed me to send it back to them and upgrade to the Pump in Style Advanced . That is a wonderful pump.My best advice is , if you try renting a hospital pump and want something similar get the pump in style ADVANCED . It is more similar to the hospital grade one .
 Bottom line
 Is it just me or somebody else has also experienced this
 I bought this pump for my wife because she has one that is manual and it 's getting hard for her using it so I bought this madela pump in style because I thought it will work good because I paid too much for it . She called madela costumer service and says that it will take some time for her to get enough milk , her body needs to adjust to get much milk she needs for our baby . I 'm confused because she already producing a lot of milk when she 's using her madela manual harmony pump but when she start using this electric one her milk barely come out because the pump is really low speed even she adjusted it in high speed dial . She do n't need 30 minutes to an hour to get only 1 Oz . of milk because she does n't have that much time to wait for a very slow pump like Madela Pump in style . I 'm very frustrated with this product , no help from madela costumer service and it 's not worth buying it . In one word it 's a peace of junk ... . Wo n't recommended it !
 I 'm not satisfied with Madela pump in style ! It 's very expensive but it does n't work well , you need to wait an hour before you can pump the amount of milk you want . I do n't like it at all ... I called madela and offer no help . What a peace of junk !!!
 I actually recieved this breast pump system free from my insurance company . I had purchased a $ 35 system from Babies-R-Us before my son was born as a cheap option . My son had trouble nursing and by the time he was 3 weeks old , I had to pump my milk and feed it to him in a bottle . I used this pump at first , and had a hard time . It would n't express much milk when I had it set up to do both sides at the same time . No matter how high I turned the suction , it was n't enough to express my milk . So I used it one side at a time , and that seemed to be better , but only for the first maybe 10 times that I did it . After that it seemed to loose suction completely , and I resorted to my $ 35 electric one side pump , which had at least twice the suction this expensive pump ever had . Thank goodness I did n't have to pay for this pump , because it would have been a waste of money .
 I bought this pump and at first it worked great . Then it started to lose suction . I researched and found out that this was a problem that the company knows about . I called and they said they could n't help me since I was n't the original owner and besides all pumps lose suction . Not worth the money !
 i did n't like the way this product smelled at all , it did in fact work to take of the hollisters spray adhesive , but left me and the entire house smelling like an auto shop or worse . based on this i wouldnt use it again , just threw some out actually so that it would n't accidently get opened . again it did work , but i do n't recommend its use , i had a skin reaction also , all better now thanx , h
 Maybe it 's just my kids but I have had two of these -- one for my 3 year old and one for my now 12 month old -LRB- both given to them when it was age appropriate -RRB- -- and neither child was at all interested for more than a * few * fleeting seconds . I threw our first one out , but bought a second when my baby was born , thinking she might like it better than her brother -- nope ! And this is at the newborn age -- there is no way at 10mos old they would have liked this -LRB- going by the age range given . Honestly there is not a lot for an infant to do with this . For me it was a waste of money both times , and if we have a third child , I would not buy another unless I actually see the baby enjoying it ! If it works for everyone else I envy you all !
 My 4 month old was able to rip the felt foot off the giraffe - thankfully it ended up on the floor and not in his mouth . It is a shame because he really likes the mat ; however I ca n't put his safety in jeopardy .
 I purchased this product.After receiving it , noticed it was an older model No :810 . The latest tiny love super deluxe is 1210 . Please be careful when u purchase this product
 This product is poorly made and unsafe . One of the arches snapped in two after less than six months of use . When I contacted the company for a replacement part they indicated that they were out of the arches and there was nothing they would do without a receipt . I explained to the representative that I received the item as a gift and did not have a receipt . Still , nothing . Poor product , poor customer service , not something I would recommend .
 I purchased this gym because it seemed to have a larger mat and more activities than the Baby Einstein Play Gym . On its maiden voyage , the green flower 's light quit working . I changed the batteries , but this did n't help . It had been on for less than 5 minutes . Also , I did n't have it on long enough to complete the `` 10 minutes of classical music '' , but I believe it only plays one Mozart song , which seems to be very repetitive .
 When we first purchased the gymini we loved it , and so did our baby girl.That changed today . The purple elephant is a danger to all children . The shiny pink plastic on the bottom of the elephant can come off when put into infants ' mouth ! My daughter was sucking on the elephant and began vigorously choking.I 'm sure this is not the first time this has happened . And if consumers continue to purchase this toy before this problem is rectified , it will surley not be the last !
 I have purchased the above item via Amazon on 17 August for my 2 month old which was shipped to a hotel which my husband was putting up during his business trip . Unfortunately , when we test the gym upon his return to our home country , we noted two serious defects :1 . The big mirror was not reflective at all with it 's surface appearing like a permanently frosted mirror .2 . Faulty sound/lights pad . The sound and lights did not function properly . One of the three flowers is not lighted at all and the music does not start sometimes.We are very disappointed with the defects since we have read fantastic reviews about it on Amazon and have been loyal fans of Tiny Love products.As my husband is already back in our home country , we are not able to do an exchange or return with Amazon . Our efforts to contact the local importer of Tiny Love were in vain . It is very disappointing that there is no quality check on its products prior to shipping to its customers .
 We got this as a baby shower gift . The flower touch pads did n't work . And the quality of the sound of the music was very poor . To exchange it for a new one we contacted Tiny Love by email but never got a reply back . So I called them and they said the warranty is only for 6 months . It turns out that our friend purchased it for us more than 6months back . They said they can not do anything for us . Very frustrating .
 came with only the mirror and 2 hanging toys -LRB- giraffe and monkey -RRB- - that 's itdefinitely disappointing and did n't match the description or images of the product
 I was totally set on purchasing this product before my son was born . It is so adorable and I could just picture him laying there and playing with the different things on the mat . Well , was I in for a surprise . My son could not have cared less about this thing . He much rather preferred laying on a blanket with a boppy pillow and placing some interesting toys in front of him . Oh well , live and learn - but a pricey one at that!I can say the only thing my son enjoyed -LRB- and still enjoys -RRB- about this thing is the little giraffe rattle that comes with it . He loves that thing . But jeez - what an expensive rattle !
 The gym is really cute but the whole item -LRB- particularly the mat -RRB- smells of petrol . May be from the packaging , but then they should use different packaging . Items must be SAFE for babies ! Description said that there are sample batteries in it , but there are not and the battery case is extremely hard to open -- near impossible .
 All of a sudden , after three months of fairly steady use , the music and lights just stopped working . We replaced the batteries twice , but soon realized that was not the problem . It 's a shame because I would 've gotten a cheaper mat which may have lasted longer , had it not been for the great reviews on this crapper . Our daughter is now 4.5 months old and is about to the point that she cares whether there are lights and music ...
 This is a FANTASTIC product WITHOUT the lights and sounds . We have a gymini deluxe with no lights , no sounds , and it is perfect for our 4 month old daughter . She loves it . Why add `` video game '' like qualitites to an excellent toy ? Tiny Love has great toys , I am very disappointed to see them heading in the direction of Fisher Price , everything with lights , sounds , and Mozart . How are kids ever going to learn do to anything without lights and sounds if all of their toys from infancy up are mega stimulating?By the way , we will often play Classical Music for our daughter from the radio , which she does enjoy . This is much better for a child 's developing mind than the same tinny , repetitive digitized Mozart sounds .
 My daughter HATES this toy . She has had in since 2 months and she is now 5 months and she STILL HATES it . It is too busy . She gets over stimulated and then upset with it . When I take most of the hanging toys off of it she is OK with it but then gets board . The musical flowers do n't entertain her and the angle that the mirror is at makes it almost impossible for her to see herself in it without being so close to it her nose it practally touching it . I would say do n't buy it . Spend less money on a similar one but do n't spend the big bucks on this one . My recommendation would be take the money and buy and exersaucer . They will also last longer .
 I am shocked to see that this play mat has such high reviews . I tried and tried with this thing and my son absolutely hated it . In fact , he rolled over for the very first time while being on it , because he was screaming in agony . The toys were cute , but he did n't really get into playing with them until he was older and I sent the mat itself to goodwill . We lived in a small space at the time and I did n't have enough space to leave it out all the time . It folded up fairly easily , but not that easy . Another negative aspect is that it is spot clean only , which is kind of gross for spit up . Overall , there are other toys out there that have a longer lifetime of use . However , sounds like a lot of babies do like it .
 The baby did not like this toy . The stuffed elephant and giraffe are the only things she liked about this toy . We used it for about 30 minutes and once the baby starts to move well the mat is n't big enough . I think this is better for children under 3 months .
 I 'll be frank here . I am a first time mom and I had/have a lot of misconceptions when it comes to babies . I naively believed my child would not suffer from colic because I knew how to handle colic . Well , I was a little off on that one , and I found myself with a colicky kid who did n't want to be put down for any reason ... and I naively believed , then , that if I purchased the right flashy toy , he would get over this and let me put him down , and he 'd be entertained and quiet and I could get something done around the house , or maybe I could sit and do nothing at all , a luxury I had no idea how much I would miss during my pregnant-and-looking-forward-to-baby days.So ... even though common sense told me that this was a lot of money to drop on a playmat , I hoped and prayed it would be that magical toy that could make my life that much easier.It was n't . My baby was about a month old when we bought this ... maybe a month and a half , I do n't recall exactly . I know other people had this and their babies loved it - I mean , I knew these people personally , I 'm not just saying I know this based on reviews . But my baby was n't interested at all . He did n't lay and happily gaze or bat at the dangling toys , he was n't soothed by the music , he was n't mesmerized by the flashing lights . -LRB- In fact he absolutley hated the flashing lights because he had to be on his belly to look at them and he hated to be on his belly . -RRB- Once he got a little bigger and was able to roll over , he would roll out from under this toy as soon as you put him under it . -LRB- Sometimes he 'd get stuck on an arch which made him really irate ... -RRB- So ... this toy did nothing for us . I don ' t deny that your child may well love it ... but I think that you need to be more realistic than I was about what it may or may not do for your child . If your child is actually showing an interest in dangly toys , music , or lights - this may be the way to go . If you have a colicky , fussy newborn that you hope to distract with the gymini - you might want to think again.At any rate ... whether it works or not ... this is a hyped up and expensive product . The music that this toy plays is , as others have mentioned , repetitive and irritating . Also , this toy claims to have XX number of activities - I forget the exact number - but they arrive at thjat number by counting each and every little detail , such as the fringe on the zebra 's main and the lion 's tail ... and c'mon ! 1 . those are the same thing and 2 . that 's not an activity!Also ... aside from this one item , actually , we do n't buy Tiny Love toys ... not because there is anything wrong with them per say , but because I feel they really push the `` developmental '' angle and charge a lot for toys that parents think will help their babies in that area . The simple truth is that to a baby , who comes into this world knowing next to nothing , everything has some developmental benefit . -LRB- As an example ... my baby is now 11 months and his favorite activity is to take everything out of his cabinet in the kitchen - that 's where we keep pots and pans and rubbermaid containers . He learns about shapes , sound , cause and effect , texture , size ... -RRB- I 'm not saying Tiny Love toys offer no benefits - but I 'm saying , it does n't take a panel of experts and years of research to put out baby toys with said benefits . It annoys me that TL plays this card to such a degree.ANYWAY ... this is not necassarily a bad toy , but it did nothing for us , which is why I say you need to be realistic about whether or not it will do anything for you . I think these baby gyms can definately serve a purpose , but you need to make sure your baby is the sort who will enjoy it - not all babies do . And if you do want to try a baby gym , I suggest you look for one that is JUST that - you do n't need lights and sound - or perhaps look for the kind that comes with a play pen . I learned much too late that you can actually get a play pen with toy arch/gym attachment for about the same price as this gym alone . If you go that route , at least you have a play pen to use later on -LRB- and that 's an item you might not hink you need , but which will come in handy as a porta crib and as a means of blocking doorways to keep baby contained ... -RRB-
 The main reason I purchased it was for the lights & music & neither of them work ! Yes it said it was used & in great condition . But its not ! The reasons I wanted it do n't work ! Its just a matt w/toys that hang . If I was told that they did n't work I would not have purchased it . Do n't keep people in the dark . Be up front & honest so we as the buyer have all the information .
 My little brother was always bored , so we went to the store and we bought him this . He did n't even touch it ! He was probally 10 monthes at the time . He is more of an adventure baby . It might be because he lives with a very big family and is not delighted by little joys of life . He just was n't interested ! -LRB- It depends on the baby . . -RRB-
 I was disappointed in this mat , based on the fact that I was looking for something to encourage my 5 month old son in his tummy time . I thought the musical buttons on the mat would be great cause and effect fun , but they are hard to press . Sometimes he can make them work if he hits them with his heel , but then he has to be on his back which is not the point for tummy time ! If you are looking for a gym for your baby when s/he is on their back , then this is a fine one to get . It folds up and snaps for easy storage . Unfortunately , ours is stored more than it is used !
 This was a replacement for the same product where the blinking lights on the flowers quit working very shortly after it was received . Unfortunately the same thing happened with the replacement item almost immediately . Altough Amazon waas good about replacing the first item , I do n't think it is worth my time to ask for a second replacement .
 I have to admit that i purchased the mat after i read the great reviews , and I bought it with my $ 50 gift card . Basically I only spent $ 5 for the mat , so that I do n't suffer too much economically . But I rather I have n't bought it simply because my son does n't like it so much . It takes some space and I am in a dilemna to give away . But it is not a cheap toy . My three months old can spend 5 minutes on the mate before he cries . the mirror caught his attention sometimes . Afterwards i have to fold it and unfold it when use - not worth the energy.But I also heard good comments from my friends who have a baby daughter . So it really depend on individual kids . What i recommend is to let your baby try on it before you made the buying decision , or buy from where you could return the item easily .
 I had received this at my baby shower . She is now almost 4 months , the only thing she really likes is the blinking lights , but only for a few minutes . The mirror is a joke , she has alot more fun when I 'm holding her looking in the bathroom mirror . Every baby is different on what they like to look at and play with . Now I think it 's really cool , if I were her age , I 'd love it , but oh well : o -LRB-
 When my baby is on his back , he enjoys swatting at the toys ... but when we do tummy time and his face comes in contact with the fabric , it causes a rash . I 'm not sure if the rash has to do with the fiberglass batting -LRB- great idea for a baby product , huh ? -RRB- or the cheap , rough fabric . Regardless , I would highly recommend looking for a similar product that does n't contact fiberglass .
 We bought this about 3 weeks ago and our baby loved it . He 's almost 3 months old . He loves music , but the music part stopped working 2 weeks after be got it . We tried replacing the batteries twice with no success . We 're now trying to get a replacement part for it . The hanging toys are still fun for him , but we would have liked the music to have worked more than a couple of weeks .
 My daughter is just about three months old and has really enjoyed playing on this mat so far . However , I am unhappy with the quality and plan on exchanging it for a different brand . The sound and lights feature stopped functioning a few weeks ago , after minimal use . I had planned on contacting Tiny Love to get a replacement insert , but in the meantime one of the arches snapped in two as I was folding the mat to put it away . It resulted in two very sharp pieces and seems like a safety hazard if it can break that easily .
 I bought this and the arches were defective . The do not stand upright and lean almost to the floor . Unfortunately I did not save my receipt . Have since purchased the Baby Eienstein playmat .
 My kid was overwhelmed at first by all the hanging toys and fussed the first few times we put her under them . I stuck my head in there with her , and it does feel a bit claustrophobic because all the animals are all up in your business . I removed some of the lower-hanging creatures , and she seems to like it better.The strangest thing -- the nursery rhyme music really creeps me out . It 's off-key or flat or something , and it 's grating and spooky , just like the Janet Leigh stabbing music from Psycho.The Mozart is a little better , yet the `` 10 contiuous minutes '' of music is a just a loop of a 30-second snatch from Sonata for Piano in F. Anything repeated twenty times is irritating , even Mozart.You might think I 'm just cracking wise , but I swear to you my daughter 's favorite part of this toy is the on/off switch for the lights and music . That keeps her busy for minutes .
 I thought this prduct would be decent quality since I spent a fortune on it and extra Gymini toys to go with it . It faded terribly the first time I washed it . It also shrank ALOT and was hard to get back together . Also , the toys are n't that interesting to babies . I run my own inhome childcare , and all three babies were n't thrilled.The music is LOUD and terrible . It would turn on by itself even when it was turned off . I ended up taking the music and lights part out and throwing it away.Don ' t waste your money on a piece of junk . Invest in the new Fisher Price Linkadoos playmat . It is wonderful and the extra toys are reasonably priced and the kids LOVE it !!!!!!!!!!!!
 We went all out and bought the total playground and a lamaze mirror which I strapped to the arches , lots of extra toys and it 's just been a bust ! You just do not know if your baby will enjoy lying on the floor and looking up at things , our prefers to be sitting or upright . This toy has proved useless for us and I would highly recommend to people to wait until after birth to see what their little one likes before splashing out , either that or buy second hand where at least you can get your money back ! In terms of quality this is one of the better mats I 've seen , and if you can get your use out of it , great , by all means it will prove an excellent purchase .
 Caveat emptor - this does not work with the standard size of baby toy rings - only the special ones that come with it . We lost a bunch and ca n't find replacements . : -LRB-
 Cute to look at , but not well made , and the company is very hard to get any help from . They responded to my problem -LRB- lights and sound unit do not work at all -RRB- 8 months after my request for help , telling me that they would be happy to replace the part , as long as my purchase date was n't over 6 months ago . That would have been great news two months ago , but is a waste now . The portable design is a good idea , and the graphics are good , but the lights and sounds are about 50 % of why we wanted this , so it 's basically just a fancy place mat without them . Waste of money , waste of time trying to contact this company .
 Although this playmat looks great on the internet , in actuality it leaves a lot to be desired . Yes , it has colorful toys that can easily be moved to various locations and the mat is nice to look at if they 're on their tummy . However , the criss-cross bars over their head are at such a low angle that all of the toys pretty much hang directly over them and touch their face . My son , by a couple months old , had to keep his face to the side because he did n't like the toys touching him . When I saw other brands and saw how much higher their bars were - and therefore how much higher their toys hung - I realized the downside to this one . Wish I had seen some in person before registering for this one ...
 I really hated this mat . I really tried to love it because we have so many other Tiny Love toys that my daughter loves -LRB- the princess mobile , and stroller attachment ... -RRB- . However , we she hated it and thus , hated tummy time . The music is REALLY annoying and I love kids stuff . It has this annoying monkey laughing that made me cringe and my daughter cry . The mirror is too heavy and does n't sit well anywhere . The mat is ultra thin -LRB- though all are but this one just seems even thinner -RRB- . The toys just hang and are uninteresting . I ended up just going on our bed with some toys to do tummy time . We just bought another mat and my daughter loves it . She looks at herself in the mirror -- that actually is light and stays up and goes on her tummy and her back like she should ! Honestly , I do n't know why this one got good reviews and I 'm an amazon-a-holic .
 Based on all the positive reviews , we bought that gym thinking that baby Tilly would love to spend some time on it while practicing some skills . Well , she did n't like it . We tried to leave her there at several occasions -LRB- 5 , 10 , 15 min , with us next to her , with us far from her -RRB- , and most of times , she was crying and crying . It is an expensive gadget which requires a lot of floor space . The bouncer and the saucer were better purchases .
 My son almost choked on the pink plastic from the bottom of the elephant 's stomache . If my father did n't see it in his mouth , he would have choked . So make sure to either get rid of that piece , or supervise when child is playing with the elephant .
 First off , I want to say that I my son likes this play mat . I on the other hand have some concerns . We have had this play mat for 7 months of use.Pros
 I purchased the Evenflo Triumph for my 1st child 3yrs ago . We hardly used this car seat because it was used in my husband 's pickup . It was only used for picking up and taking my son to the babysitter 2 blocks away . We now have a 2nd child and new vehicles so I decided to use it more because it looks brand new compared to our other car seats -LRB- which are Britax -RRB- . I 've been using it for 3mos and yesterday I was snapping the chest buckle together and a piece of plastic broke off . I called Evenflo to get a replacement buckle and they said there is no way of replacing it because the straps CAN NOT be removed from seat . So now I have what looks like a brand new car seat that is trash . We have 2 other car seats that are Britax that have withstood the test of time . I was only using the Evenflo because the covers on the Britax car seats look worn and faded . My advice , spend the money on a Britax !!!
 This is the potty we used to get our lil guy potty trained . What I do not like is that there are two top pieces - the top -LRB- white cushion seat -RRB- and under that blue part -LRB- with the handles -RRB- . They do not stick together and when my son sits , it would slide out of place - leading to `` it 's broken mommy '' and not wanting to go . I ended up buying Velcro to attach the two parts , but it does n't last long . The pee gets in there - it get 's disgusting and needs to be taken apart and scrubbed several times a day - - too much work , if you ask me ! Try for an all-in-one potty or one that has a solid top .
 I 'm going to have to buy a new potty seat for my little boy . The `` pee shield '' is removable and that 's exactly what my little boy does -- he removes it . He 's very young , so we 're not officially potty training yet , but he likes to sit on it and use the bathroom before his bath . Each time , he takes the shield off . I 'll be looking for a seat that has the shield molded into it , not a removable one .
 My daughter is 2 years and 4 months old . This toilet does n't seem comfortable . In fact it hurts after she seats on it for some time -LRB- soft seat crinkles and becomes rough -RRB- . Would not recommend to anybody . We 're switching to Baby Bjorn potty chair .
 This chair worked okay at first , but very soon after we started using it we started noticing some problems . First , the chair was nearly impossible to keep clean because of all the many nooks and crannies in the seat area . Then my son got fidgety while sitting there and the pee guard would fall off far too easily . And if all this was n't bad enough , the rest of the chair began to fall apart as well . The rubber strips attatched to the bottom kept sliding off and , worst of all , the cushion detatched from the blue seat rim and could n't be coaxed back on by any method that I could conjure -LRB- probably due to the fact that the chair is too difficut to clean in those crevices -RRB- . All-in-all , I believe this to be a very poor design for a child 's training potty and would n't recommend anyone buy this . I finally went out and bought the ever-so sleek bjorn potty chair and could n't be happier with it . It is only two pieces and is a breeze to clean ! There is so much better out there , people , good luck !
 This seat was fine at first -- except that my son wanted to play with the guard , so it always came off . Now , however , the lid frequently pops off its hinges when he uses it as a stepstool , and the plastic cover on the soft seat has come apart all the way around at the seam , exposing the foam . I 'm glad to see from another review that we can order another seat from Graco , but am still disappointed that this did not hold up to regular use .
 This works best as a step stool . As a potty chair it has n't worked well with my daughter . The cushioned seat keeps coming off the chair whenever she makes the slightest movement -LRB- and we all know how much toddlers like to squirm -RRB- which has sometimes allowed the mess to get on the floor as well as my daughter . Also , it gets dirty in all the extra nooks -LRB- like under the cushion -RRB- which requires a lot more work to keep it clean .
 I bought this about a year ago and still no peeing in the potty . My boy just turned three and he is saying that it hurts his bottom . He seems eager enough to try and has the same complaint every time so I think the problem is that the seat is too large for his bum . Not having seen them together the hole on this one seems alot larger than on the Fisherprice one . So maybe not good for little bums . If only they could test them out at the store - not naked or anything just for size .
 I think this is my very first review on amazon ever . I ordered the organize pouches because I was sick of my diaper bag being a mess and having to dig around for everything . I also liked they had good reviews on amazon . They came in and I was even happier with them then I thought I would be . They were bigger then I thought . Within the first week the `` snacks '' pouch tore out from the bottom . I thought maybe just that one had n't been stitched well . It 's been almost 2 months and every single pouch has seperated from the bottom . They need to double/triple stitch the netting around the bottom . OH and FYI for those of you who think I stuffed them with to much stuff ... not even close . The snack pouch held a spoon/fork and a fruit puree pouch . The second to go was the `` dirty '' bag and I never even had a single thing in it ... not even ONE TIME . And then the `` clean '' bag ... which had a pair of leggings and a onesie and a pair of socks . All for a 18 month old ... nothing huge . I do n't even remember when the other ones tore or what was in them at time but basically ... good idea ... BAD QUALITY . Sad cause I really would like something like this that was n't a ziplock baggie that I have to squeeze the air out of . Good price , good idea , maybe find a different manufacturer ???!!!
 Does n't appear to be waterproof . It 's linen type material on the front and a clear mesh material on the back . How would this keep wet or dirty clothes separate ? They are completely useless as designed .
 The item description for my purchase of Chocolate Embroidered Linen Organizer Pouches stated that the items came in a set of 4 . However , I received only 2 pouches . I contacted Bunnybury Baby as suggested by Amazon and advised them of the problem . The representative told me that the description was a typo and that I had received what I had paid for because the picture only showed 2 pouches . She refused to honor the description and send 2 more pouches . Instead she offered to send me 2 smaller pouches that did not match the set as a `` complementary gift '' after I argued with her . She continued to argue with me and tell me that she was sure I had made many typos myself . She was rude and unhelpful . I would rather choose another item than do business with this company again !
 I purchased these bags in hopes to organize my cute bag I wanted to use as a diaper bag . On the View , Elizabeth talked about how she just threw them in the wash to clean them up . Well , I did that and my bags are now about half the original size . The zippers are not functioning very well because of the shrinkage . I contacted the seller and have yet to hear a response . This was very disappointng as well since the rating of the seller had been very high . I would not recommend purchasing these unless you never plan on washing them .
 I bought this set a month before my baby was born . One of the smaller bags tore when I filled it with my babies toiletries . The bags are cute , but they are not durable . Once the bottom tears open you can not use them again . I was very disappointed that they tore before my baby was even born ! Ziploc bags are much better , and they 're waterproof ! Unlike this set of bags .
 I received these bags as a shower gift and they looked really cute in the package . When I took them out , they had a very strong chemical odor so I washed them in cold and dried them on the counter in my laundry room . They completely rolled up and I could not get them to flatten out or fold to put them in my diaper bag . In their current state , they just take up too much room . I have n't used them at all , ziploc bags are just so much more convenient . I gave them two stars instead of one because I think I might use them when we travel this summer , maybe in the beach bag . I feel like I should find a use for them because they are not cheap . Bottom line , save your money and just buy a box of gallon Ziplocs .
 These bags are cute and serve a good purpose of keeping you organized , but could use some refining . The `` Dirty Bag '' is nice and big , but has mesh backing -LRB- along with all the others -RRB- . Who really wants to put poop stained paints in a mesh bag ? The smaller bags for `` goodies '' and `` extras '' are just a little small . Lastly and most importantly , 2 of my bags have already torn at the top seam on the mesh side after very light use .
 The box arrived without graphic cards ... It included the frame only ... What am I supposed to do with the frame ?
 I bought this for our 3 month old , and the concept is obviously great -- lots of stimulating patterns and contrasting colors . However ... once I had it out and assembled , the pieces are so flimsy and there are flimsy ` small ' parts . I just did not feel comfortable leaving her alone in her crib for even 30 seconds , while that was over it . Yes , she could n't reach it yet , but still -- It made me nervous . I think I 'll return it and get something soft with less small parts . It 's a shame , it is a great idea .
 ohai my baby does n't stare at this because it does not move.If this spun it would probably get more attention , also she hardly lays awake in her crib where it is mounted at all , this could certainly be the issueIf your baby is frequently awake and stares at things that do not mechanically rotate this for you .
 Got this item and the picture cards were not in the package ! Only the plastic parts to the mobile . I purchased the same mobile elsewhere and it 's a good mobile .
 Despite the photos on Amazon , Manhattan Toy 's web site , and the actual box depicting a white support arm , the mobile 's actual arm is lavender . I 'm having a little boy and this will not work .
 The concept is great!The product sucks !! The following are lacking :1 . Thin and cheap look to it . If you are gifting it to new parents , it would be hard for them to comprehend that this is not something you paid more than a dollar or two at the local `` house of crap '' .2 . For the price , there is no mobility -LRB- nothing `` rotates '' -RRB- .3 . No music .4 . Easily breakable .5 . Looks like someone 's 10th grade science project than a commercially available toy .6 . You can easily make your wife mad - trying to explain why you are not a `` cheapskate '' .
 this mobile is no good . How do you think that this could entertain a baby ?
 When I opened the box , some of the colored cards were out of their plastic bag . One of them was broken . The black and white cards were in their bag , but it looked like someone had used scotch tape to close it . And , of course , one of those cards was broken as well . Upon closer examination , I noticed that the box had marks where tape had been taken off , meaning that someone had already received the product , opened it , used it -LRB- ? -RRB- , broken it and then returned it . Or maybe the seller was selling a used product and calling it new . Let the fun of returning -LRB- or fixing this because they wo n't let me return it -RRB- begin .
 I was very disappointed in the cheap materials used for this mobile . The visuals are great but the mobile itself is made from very cheap , white plastic . I decided to return it as soon as I took it out of the box ! If you can overlook the poor construction and focus on the visual aspect of the mobile then this is an ok product .
 Rating based on daughter 's scale
 We bought two of these for our twins , we were unimpressed on how flimsy these were . The cross-bars were very very thin and all the plastic cards were cracked/broken . I ended up making my own
 I chose this mobile for the simple , high-contrast images . On that , it delivered . I took for granted that I would be getting a mobile that spun in a full circle . This does not
 I like the idea of this mobile and would have definitely liked it if it was made a little better . But the whole thing seems kind of cheap and plastic-y . The way two cards are put together causes one of them to split a little in the middle and the cards do n't really hang down straight . I ended up returning the mobile because it just did n't fulfill its purpose due to its poor quality . If it was cheaper it 'd probably be ok . I do n't know why something so innovative that being recommended on so many websites would n't be of higher quality !?
 It 's a stimulating piece of junk . Baby 's interested for sure , but how disappointing when it breaks upon assembling ! One of the arches snapped in two trying to get it inserted . Plus , those flimsy plastic graphic cards do n't fit into each other nicely , nor can you put them onto the arches easily . My fingers are still raw typing this a few minutes later . Anyway and finally , the clamp did not fit on our changing table . Talk about three strikes .
 I agree with other reviews that said this product should cost much less , given the quality of the materials . The images and are good and my baby does like looking at them , but we do n't even use the hanger arm because it 's flimsy and has limited options for what you can affix it to . We bought this to hang on our changing table or bassinet , but that 's impossible given the fastener . It is built for a crib with slats and nothing else . But it does n't say that on the box , nor does the image show what kind of fastener it has . The cards are hard to put together and take apart without breaking , as others have said , and the overall look is cheap and flimsy . Disappointing .
 I was hugely disappointed when this mobile did n't fit on my crib . I 'm certain I have one of the most popular cribs in the US , I got it at Costco after all , and the mobile simply will not fit anywhere on the crib . So then I tried it on the bassinet , did n't work there either . So then I thought , maybe somewhere on the dresser above the changing table ? Nope . I 'm going to have to figure out a way to hang it from the ceiling , probably using fishing line and screw hook . Also , it 's made with a very cheap looking white plastic , which will bother people looking for a stylish mobile to compliment their professionally decorated nursery .
 This product should be in the hall of fame solely based on it 's ability to achieve such a high number of positive ratings from parents hoping to stimulate their child 's intelligence . Do n't be fooled , it 's a piece of junk . I had such high hopes for this , and even at a $ 15 purchase price I feel ripped off.Pros : - Nice images with high color contrastCons : - Simply horrible construction . The pieces of plastic could not be more cheap , and one of the nubs cracked right off during assembly . The arches and misc plastic pieces probably cost all of .20 to manufacture in total . - The image cards do not easily fit into the attachment nubs , and do not hang straight as a result . Maybe this changes over time , but right now from an underneath view you basically see a card slanted sideways . Not interesting IMO . - The bar that attaches to the side of the crib is a terrible design , and it is LAVENDER . Seriously , it is not white at all . It clashes completely with the rest of the product , contrary to the image on Amazon and the product box.It 's just cheap and hideous , really . The idea is good , but they should be ashamed at the execution . The cheap thin plastic and non-matching parts should be an embarrassment to any manufacturer who claims to me making toys to stimulate a child 's thinking and intelligence . There was clearly neither thinking or intelligence behind this product .
 I presume most people plan to purchase this for the first couple months of their infant ' life like we did ... however , this mobile can only be attached to a crib -LRB- the attachment point requires a t-shape anchor with fairly wide slats -RRB- . It ca n't be used on a pack and play , it ca n't be used on a standard bassinet . How irritating . What on earth were they thinking ? Materials are quite flimsy and one even included an ad on the side of the card visible to the baby ... very thoughtless . If this were more functional and could attach to a wider variety of objects , I would give it a higher rating , but how very inflexible of the company to make it only crib appropriate , particularly when it is intended for a child most people would n't put in a crib !!
 We got the stim-mobile for our son when he was just 3 weeks old . He has used it for the past three months . He does look at it , and it has become a familiar part of his `` landscape '' . He prefers looking at lights and black and white objects that move , so these things grab his attention away from the mobile.I ca n't tell what effect it has on him . I do know that the plastic clamp and wand assembly looked so cheap , we did n't even try to use it . We put an eyebolt in the ceiling and hung it from a cord . The adjustment hooks work very well for raising and lowering the mobile . The card attachment is not secure on the mobile and this makes moving and changing cards difficult . Some of the holes punched in the card were too small to hook onto the mobile . But my biggest concern is that the plastic that the cards are made from is translucent , and when I look up at the mobile -LRB- as my son can only do -RRB- I see both the image on the side facing him AS WELL AS the ghost of the image on the reverse side . I can only imagine that this makes it very difficult for his brain to see a clear , crisp simple image , which is the whole point of this thing .
 The pieces are cheap and hard to change out the graphics . It is a waste of money . Baby is not interested in it at all , but he is just 1 month now .
 After only a few minutes into assembling the mobile per the instructions I managed to break one of the over hanging arches that holds the cards . While trying to insert the lower hanging arch into the hole specified in the top arch it broke in half . Also , it was impossible to attach the cards to the little nodules on the arches without tearing them because the nodules were too big for the holes in the cards or visa-versa . Overall the attach points / integration points that hold this mobile together were not correctly sized . Seems like the manufacturer made the pieces but never tested to see if the pieces actually fit together .
 The mobile was great at catching my daughter 's attention . She loves to stare at it . And , from what I hear , this high contrast stimulation is good for her development . I am just diappointed with the quality , as the whole mobile seems flimsy and cheap.The picture cards are interchangable , but as far as I can tell , they can only be placed in one direction . -- There is one card that lies horizontally , and one that attaches to the mobile vertically , but you can not attach the horizonal one to the mobile , nor can you lay the vertical one horizontally to be viewed by baby . So I feel that the choices of view are limited . However , the horizontal cards are two sided , so that does increase the options . -LRB- I know this may not make sense until you actually see the mobile in person ! -RRB- All in all , it 's good for capturing baby 's attention , but I would have been more satisfied if the price was lower considering the quality .
 My oldest daughter enjoyed this mobile 's pictures when she was a baby . However , the plastic is very flimsy and it broke , so I bought a second one for my second daughter . The plastic broke as I was assembling this mobile . I would recommend looking for another similar product rather than wasting your money on something that breaks so easily . Wish I had !
 With no movement or sound this mobile is just so-so ... thought with all the good reviews it would be a little more stimulating for baby ! Cute but rather flimsey and does n't really hold on crib rail that well !
 I do n't know if this is a good mobile or not . The plastic bracket is not adjustable and there was nowhere on our crib or bassinet where it would fit so we were unable to use it .
 Before buying this product I did not realize that it does not have any mechanism for movement other than swaying in a breeze or by being moved by a parent 's hand . I would have expected motion from a mobile . We call it the im-mobile in our home .
 As an optometrist , the idea of this product is great . That 's about it . The quality is quite poor . It does n't fit on the arched side of our crib -LRB- nor the straight front/back end -RRB- which deems it almost useless . We ended up holding the cards up like flash cards . When no longer needed , it all went in storage . I recently took it out for my newborn # 2 and the thin plastic parts that connect the cards to the main base were broken . Poor quality and does n't fit with all cribs .
 I had high expectations for this mobile.The discs are really cheaply made and the way youput them together is not ideal , it would be easyto break off the connector . Plus in the picture it looks like thecircles and squares stand up on one another , but mine do n't , theyjust tilt sideways and do n't stand up . Plus the directions are notgreat and they do n't tell you what ages are good for colors vs. blackand white and abstracts vs. pictures .
 This product was a BIG disappointment . I would have given it 0 stars if it was an option . I thought it was a great idea -- just poorly executed . Save your money . It 's difficult to switch the visuals and never held my child 's interest . After a few weeks , I 've already taken it down and replaced it . If you can , I 'd wait for the Lamaze Freddie The Firefly coming out in August . Since that one is not available yet , I purchased the Tiny Love Classical Mobile . It seems to be holding my child 's interest well enough .
 With all the great reviews , I had high expectations for this product . Upon assembly , my husband pointed out that the slits made to take the cards apart are actually just slightly too small and will cause ripping . Poor design.Secondly , and more importantly , the mobile would n't fit on our crib or changing table as it is apparently designed for a crib with a short bar at the top . We have a Babyletto brand crib and changing table , so nothing weird or unusual . So sad . Now we have to return it.Before buying , make sure your crib or changing table has only a thin bar at the top in order to accomodate this mobile ! I 'm sure if this were n't the case I would have otherwise been quite happy with this product !
 Do n't expect a lot from this mobile ! I wanted a stimulating mobile , but I ended up with just frustration . The plastic cards that hang are SO hard to take apart . We cracked a few in the process . The end result was a cheap looking mobile that looks like it could have been made by a kindergartener . I do NOT recommend this mobile .
 Straight out of the box I was n't impressed by how completely cheap this product is . What a shame too , it definitely looks like a neat thing for a baby to look at . Upon constructing it -LRB- and trying very hard to be gentle while getting badly cut pieces to fit together -RRB- , it snapped with little effort . The plastic used on this is so thin that it really worries me what would happen if the baby just happened to grab this thing . It would quickly become a chocking hazard.The cards are also very cheaply made . I considered just keeping the cards for the baby to look at in some way -LRB- have n't figured out how yet -RRB- , but I do n't think I 'd just hand them to the baby to play with . Again , they 'd probably break just as easily.I 'll be looking for a similar style mobile and hopefully I can find one that is much better quality . This thing is n't worth the money , unfortunately .
 Like another reviewer I broke one of the arms while assembling it . Other than that part , the rest of the assmebly was intuitive . The build quality is fairly cheap , but it is probably `` good enough for $ 20 '' except for the arm.So I 'll be ordering some super glue to fix the broken part : -LRB-
 I broke the arm while putting it together !!! I was so excited about this item because it is based on educational principles and I was equally bummed when it snapped in half !
 I must admit that my daughter enjoyed looking at this mobile for the first couple months of her life . My complaint is that the product is flimsy for the price . The holes punched in the cards were so small that when hooked onto the arms of the mobile they cracked -LRB- many arrived already cracked -RRB- . The arms and cards tend to fall off if accidentally touched even slightly . And the cards are somewhat translucent so you can see the image on the reverse as well .
 As an ophthalmologist , I can attest to the functional utility of this product . Newborns truly are drawn to high contrast patterns -- but this product is so poorly made I would not recommend it . The plastic cards are badly made -- 3 of them were broken straight out of the box such that I had to use tape to put them back together . In addition , the holes in the card to attach to the main apparatus are inconsistent so that some fit too loosely and are easily knocked off while others are so tight I ca n't get them attached . If motivated , you could probably make your own sturdier mobile -- the patterns are available online .
 We really hoped to get a good stimulating mobile for our child , and this looked perfect . Upon un-packaging though , it became very clear that it was not a very well made toy . The cards are a flimsy plastic that has the tabs easily tear off . Two of the preset card pairs tore just straightening them into the T-shape . I am not willing to take a risk that the tabs may break off and become a choking hazard . IMHO it should cost about $ 10 . We are disappointed and will be returning the mobile and looking for something that is better built .
 I was looking forward to this product . The actual pieces are hard to switch out . I could tell that my baby was looking for it to move like her other mobile .
 We purchased these mats and were sadly disappointed . We never got the point of actually using them because the vinyl was so smelly , we could n't stand to have them in the house . I tried to `` air '' them out in the backyard for days but they still smelled . If you 're looking for something to put under your highchair check out the Classy Kid Deluxe Floor & Activity Mat . The Classy kid mat works great and you can throw it in the washer to clean it up like new .
 the item should be pack differently . the front page of the product comes damage . Damage in away that it is melted so that the first page is useless .
 Poor delivery timing , substitution without permission . Due to outsourcing , poor communication and responses . Unable to correlate with `` out sourced '' customer service person because of poor communication and English.A totally rotten experience .
 We brought our baby home and used the pampers from the hospital . We had several leaks with these and switched to the newborn huggies and they fit wonderfully . However after about 2-3 weeks I noticed the baby had a diaper rash we just could n't get to heal no matter which creams or how much we air dried him . We were also using huggies wipes and as soon as we stopped using the wipes and the diapers the rash went away within a day . We tried the wipes and diapers separately since then and again they start a rash within a couple of days . I am very disappointed because I really liked the way these fit .
 The first one was broken and the automatic rocking would never work , so we purchased the same one again because I really liked how it looked and hoped the broken one was just a fluke . It 's just kind of a pathetic swing overall . It 's cute and very attractive , but not very functionally sound . Our baby had to stop using this swing at 6 months because he was starting to reach out and grab the legs and pull the swing to the side . Obviously the swing does n't work right after that point . Also , the seat is just too small . My baby 's feet were hanging over the front much sooner than they should have and he just appeared to be too big for it even at 4 months . We got a lot of good use out of it from newborn to 4 months before we realized it was n't gon na work for us any longer . I would n't purchase this again if I had another baby .
 Hello I chose this baby bouncer , because I loved the way it looked . That was a huge mistake . I received the first one and the music did not work . Then I received a second one and the music did not work . Also it was very hard to put together , tiny little annoying screws etc.Nice to look at , but it scared my husband and I , it looks like the baby will just tumble right out of it.No good for newborns !!! Not sure if it is really good for any age baby . Mobile does not always work . Do n't waste your money . There are many good bouncer seats out there , but this is not one of them . This is my fifth child , and this product was a big disappointment .
 There was one review on this item when i purchased it and the person said they did n't like it because the vibration did n't work but i figured i would take my chances because it was only one person who said that . We got the item and the mobile turned twice then it stopped working and the music did n't play . I told my husband about the other review and we agreed that the reason this item was so cheap -LRB- regular price $ 59.95 on sale for $ 34.95 -RRB- was that they were having problems across the board with this model . We sent it back for a refund and ended up going with a Fischer Price model thinking that this was a company that had a reputation we could trust .
 Totally hate this bouncer . Loved Summer 's customer service ... but here I sit with 3 identical bouncers ... 2 that do n't work properly and one brand new in the box that I do n't want . The vibration does n't work all the time on one of them and neither does the mobile . The music , nature sounds and heartbeat work , but they 're lame . Do n't really sound realistic ... sounds cheesy . The other one the mobile does n't work and neither does the music or other sounds ... but the vibration works , but so much so you can feel it across the room as well as hear it on my wood floors . I do n't recommend this product at all ... but as I said , great customer service . I 've only paid for one bouncer , but have 3 ... not even sure if the one brand new in the box works ... will be returning that one so they can sell it to someone else , or replace someone elses non-working bouncer . Ugh ... going get a good ole reliable Fisher Price one for the same price !
 Our big issue is that there are an array of confusing , unmarked buttons and the big downer is a remote that you ca n't open to get a battery into because the screw is from an eyeglass screw recessed so deeply you ca n't get a tool in to unscrew it . Assembly takes more time than Fischer Price and more parts/screws also . The seat is flatter -- FP is better/bowl shaped so the infant will stay in .
 I ordered one of these for as a gift for my sister 's newborn as a Christmas present . It arrived with pink ink stripes on the right side and none of the electronics worked . Amazon was nice and quick about issuing a replacement , but the 2nd one had the same pink stripes just on the left side and the electronics still did n't work . I will be returning the 2nd and will not purchase any Summer Infant products again . I was embarassed that I gave this as a newborn Christmas present . I noticed a week after I bought this that the price was reduced yet again .
 I ignored negative reviews on this seat and bought it anyway , thinking that possibly the negative reviews were wrong . Unfortunately , the negative reviews were right on !! The seat itself was comfortable and pleasant to look at , but I found it somewhat difficult to put together and musical part broke the FIRST day I had it ! If you just want a bouncer seat -- fine , if you want it to perform the mechanical functions it purports -- forget it ! I got another seat that does n't bounce , but converts into a toddler rocker and had super colorful hanging toys that my baby loved much , much more .
 I have a similar baby yard , but it is very solid without any spaces a toddler can get into trouble with . This item is not very sturdy and I feel the spaces could allow a toddler to get into trouble . BUYER BEWARE -- YOU HAVE TO PAY THE RETURN SHIPMENT .
 This play yard is unsafe do not leave your children or pets unattended in it . Between the gates is a space that kids can get there foot or hand stuck into . if you have a puppy they will get though it or get there head stuck . I returned this and bought the North States Superyard XT as they do not have that space in between the gates .
 We bought the Superyard XT and used it at the in laws . Worked great ... . we wanted one for home but wanted a taller one with a gate . This brought us to the Summer play yard . Not so good ... . too lightweight and flimsy . The connections were hard to get right and the gate did not work so well.Amazon is always upstanding and the return process is easy .
 Upon taking this yard out of the box , it seemed to be pretty good . It comes assembled and folded . While unfolding it , after the first 3 panels were unfolded , it started to get more difficult to get them unfolded to set up how I 'd like . This yard has 6 panels including the gate . 2 of them are able to be removed to make it a 4 panel yard . In order to remove these panels , you have to bend the panel down with a lot of force - we actually never were able to separate them because it was requiring too much force and we decided it was n't worth it anyway , so we 'd just return the product . It appears as though this gate has either been used before or was warped by the manufacturer during the process of making it and putting it together . The two panels that look like they should come off are permanently bent and do not open and close easily -LRB- a downfall to the convenience of easily putting together for storage and portability -RRB- . It 's supposed to be a smooth motion to open and close them when the knobs are loosened . The knobs on those two panels wo n't loosen and just keep `` popping '' when we try to loosen them.I wanted to get two of these to hook up together because one set up in the octagon really is n't much bigger than a pack and play , but after getting this first one and it being all warped , we are going to try a metal one.While I wait for my new one to arrive , I have this one set up as a half circle blocking the electronics , fireplace and back door and it seems to be staying up pretty well . My 11 mo old has tried a little to pull on it and if she tried hard I think she 'd bring it down without it being attached to itself.Also , the knobs are not convenient to adjust . They sit at the same level as the tops of the gates , which I guess makes it good for babies not to unscrew or get their fingers caught , but it makes it very difficult for the adult to try and loosen and tighten them , especially when they are n't seeming to turn like they are supposed to.Pros : Has a gateIs taller than other play yards I 've seenCons : Panels that come off are warpedHave to bend panels very far in order to separate them to adjust the size of the yardSome knobs do not operate correctly to loosen panelsKnobs are difficult to turn due to placement on the product5th and 6th panel do not open and close smoothly -LRB- these are the warped panels -RRB-
 I was expecting a great product from the reviews I saw . I bought the gate because it is taller than the other play yards out there my son is 1 and just learning to walk he is also very tall for his age . He moves the play yard around like a walker I 've tried to wedge it between furniture so he ca n't move the whole gate . But he manages to get the gate free or he dumps the gate over the gate should be more sturdy being it is made for Tots !! I 'm now looking for a new Play yard .
 Had I written the review for this play yard before today , I would have given it 3 stars and said it 's a bit disappointing and aggravating , as our 13-month-old is able to shove it around the wood floor dragging his toys behind him . But , as of this afternoon -- when I was on the verge of a panicked visit to the ER after discovering one of the plastic hinges on the floor but NOT initially locating the screw that attaches it -- I give it one star and ask you to BEWARE !!!
 When I received the Surround play yard , two panels were broken -LRB- the knobs at the bottom that connect two panels together were snapped off and in the bottom of the box -RRB- . I did not return the item because the next day I had a 15 year old beagle returning home from major neck surgery and needed it immediately . I 've been using it as a pen with four panels but I definitely did n't get what I payed for .
 I bought this to keep our new puppy out of the kitchen . It is extremely flimsy , and it is nearly impossible to move around and configure the panels . I tried to loosen the knobs at the top hinges in order to move the panels more freely , but as you try to loosen them , they pop right back down into their original place . I tried to set this thing up for 2 hours when it arrived ! Removing the panels is extremely frustrating . The directions actually tell you to BEND the panel in order to release it from the other panel . This is insanely difficult because it 's made of hard plastic . Also , the gate does not `` swing '' open . It barely moves , and you have to pry it open which causes the other panels to move with it . The most frustrating this about this product is that the panels get stuck on the teeth at the top and bottom hinges making a clicking noise when you try to fold them . I feel like I 'm going to break the thing just moving it ! I would NEVER recommend this to anyone , and I 'm shocked that there are actually decent reviews on this thing . I am returning it tomorrow , if I can fold it back together without breaking it . I thought my boyfriend was going to throw it over the balcony .
 This is an interesting product.I ca n't really imagine it working for the purpose it is advertised , as no baby I know will just sit in a play-pen behind bars while all the fun people are outside . We tried this exactly once and the results were not pretty . It 's also lightweight and any 1.5 year old can just move the entire thing across the room if you do n't attach it somewhere . But that 's not why we bought this product.We used the play yard as a room divider instead , separating the computer/office area in our living room from the rest of the room . It works great for that purpose , at least until the child reaches about 2 years of age . We also occasionally used it to block of other parts of the house or even doors , as the product is easily attached to all kind of things with some strings.The major design flaw with the Play Yard is that the round openings on the walls are perfectly designed climbing holds for children . More than once I had to rescue our son holding on half a feet of the ground , crying.Short
 I ordered this item on Amazon for my little Maltese . We had already purchased the Superyard XT , but we wanted something similar but with a gate so our Maltese can go in and out freely when he pleases especially for bathroom purposes . We ordered the Summer Infant Secure Surround Safe Play with extension thinking it would be just like the Superyard XT -LRB- also with extension -RRB- but with a gate.The Summer Infant Secure Surround was n't as sturdy as the Superyard XT and the gate was hard to open -LRB- we made our pen into a square -RRB- . Sure enough , that night while our dog was jumping on the flimsy pen wall the two wall panels somehow bent inward and caught my dog 's leg . This never happened with the Superyard XT . I was really upset that that had happened so I definitely do n't recommend this product for an infant or a dog.I 'm so glad that Amazon made the return process so easy , otherwise I would be even more upset if I could n't return this item .
 To get right to it , it 's crap . it 's made very poorly , it can easily be flipped over by a child that is able to stand and lean on one side of it , and it is very easy for a child to reshape and move it across the room . On two occasions our 11 month old twins were able to flip it over on it 's side and come close to getting very hurt -LRB- there were more stunned then anything , and OK -RRB- . While we do n't leave them unattended in the gate very often , it has become clear that even a few minutes is a bad idea . Even if we only put one of them in there we have the same problems.I just ca n't believe a company would put this out knowing it 's so poorly crafted . Personally , I would be ashamed . I do not recommend this product . I know others have had success , but I 'm just not happy with it . I ca n't see it even lasting more then 6 months.Buy at your own risk !
 This play gate was great until the little screws that hold the top tightening fasteners in started to fall out into the baby 's play area !!!! These knobs are to tighten the panels so they do not collapse in , but they do not tighten easily AND when you over rotate the knob the screw back treads out of the hole . we were just lucky to find the screw before our 10 month old twins put it in their mouths .
 This pen WAS great . My little boy who is 17 months old got this around Xmas time last year . We were using it and it was working great . After a while the tighteners started falling off and worse yet , dropping itty bitty screws randomly without warning . As you all know a 1 year old WILL put shiny little things in their mouths . Three times now I have found screws on the floor from the gates . Thankfully , I found them , not my baby boy . It 's something I will contact consumer services about since I think these screws are a complete danger/choking hazard to toddlers , and pets for that matter . I purchased 2 of these sets and trying to contact the company is a JOKE . They want the gates back , they want ME to ship them back and then wait for weeks for a possible replacement , if THEY find them to be defective , YEAH OK !! Go with something else .
 I bought this play yard so I could get some chores done , cook dinner and leave the living room to go to the bathroom -LRB- which is n't far I can see living room from bathroom -RRB- . I have n't managed to get much done at all and I am still being followed to the bathroom even after putting my 13 month old in his play pen . I followed all the instructions and got the extra links so he could have even more room but its worthless . If he is n't climbing over it then he climbs under it and just for fun he pushes it all over the house . I would not recommend this product to anyone . I saved all our Christmas and birthday money because I thought it would be a good investment since it is so tall and would hopefully last awhile . The gate is made of light plastic with some strips across the middle that helps my little one flip over the top when he climbs up , he sticks his little toes into the holes all over the gate to get to the middle then launches himself over head first . I think they should have made vertical slats like how cribs are , so he has no where to stick his toes in to help him climb . I personally think this gate is a safety hazard and i ca n't believe it was approved . I do n't know what to do now as I have an ineffective gate , I 'm out over $ 100.00 , I ca n't get anything done -LRB- even use the bathroom -RRB- , and both my husband and I are part of the 12 % California unemployed but desperately searching for work -LRB- which is hard to look for jobs when your child is ripping out the cords to your computer -RRB- . Sorry for the rant but I am seriously angry and they are n't answering my calls . PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS GATE SPEND THE EXTRA MONEY AND GET SOMETHING HEAVIER , AND STURDIER WITH VERTICAL SLATS unless you like going to the E.R. often with a child with a head injury . I have had to go a few times but thank god only minor issues . I no longer use the gate because of how dangerous it is . BTW it says can be used for children up to 24 months , mine is only 13 months.The one good thing about the gate is the latch it works great .
 I bought this because I needed something to put my son in while I did house work ... something roomy . I also purchased the extension . Once he was in it he would stand up against it and it would bend or move so easily . He was n't even trying to move it or bend it and it would . My mom had the other brand yard and it was much sturdier ! I wanted to try this one because I like this brand , but I would highly recommend the other brand . The gate is a nice addition to this one though , and that is why I gave it any stars .
 this looked good - sturdy and strong , inside or outside use , gate - but i gave no thought to the smooth wooden floors in our house . WHAT A LAUGH . once inside it , our 11 mth son pushes it around the house like a baby walker . does not retain its shape , sections wobble as he cruises around ... lots of entertainment , but not secure . i 'm getting a steel one - BabyDan do a few different models inc one with a pad .
 I bought two , one for me and one for my daughter . My grandson of 16 months was n't in the playyard 5 minutes when he pushed the whole thing across the room . I saw that it would collapse on him so I took him out . There is no way to secure it to the floor when used inside the house . Perhaps it could be staked in the ground outside to prevent movement . However , we 're using it as a fence to block off an area but I would n't leave a child unattended . My grandson can move the fence out of the way with no problems .
 Good idea but not very useful . Using it outside my son HATED being in here , even with toys . Inside he cried and cried . Get a pack n play , lots more use and not as expensive !
 I needed a gate to block off my living room from the hallway which has a large opening about 10 feet wide -LRB- like all usual apartments in the USA -RRB- . This gate does not allow to be attached to the walls and can only be setup as a perimeter , just like it shows on the picture . For people who just want to do this and have a small perimeter setup for their kids , it might be just fine for the price that it is . However , in my case this gate does not work . I returned it and got the `` North States 3-in-1 Metal '' gates instead which can be attached to the walls as well as be set up as a perimeter . The metal gates are also more sturdy than this Summer Infant Play Yard.As for Amazon.com ... I am very glad to do business with them , they were nice over the phone and I was able to return the item without any problems .
 If you are strong , and do n't mind using muscle when trying to pry open one of the panels of this thing , the safe play yard does its job . However , like too many safety products that are made without much thought to who will actually be using them -LRB- i.e. , mothers who are often sleep deprived ... bless their souls -RRB- , this product has a seriuos design flaw
 Do n't waste your money on this pump . Rent or buy a higher quality one . Ask your hospital 's lactation consultant for their recommendations.I recently returned to work and bought this pump to use while at work to be able to provide breastmilk for my daughter at day care . However , this pump is very inefficient . The cups often rub and chaf my skin -LRB- very painful -RRB- and I only get 4-5 oz COMBINED after pumping both breast for 15 min each . With a good quality pump , I should be able to get 6 oz out of each breast after 15 min . If I had to do it over again , I would have splurged on a Modela pump . In fact , I bought a manual pump made by Modela and get better results from it . If it were n't for the pain the manual pump causes in my hands , I would prefer to use it on a daily basis .
 I purchased the Playtex Embrace because I thought it looked like a more comfortable pump . I returned to work and within a week of pumping with the Embrace , my milk supply began to decrease . I also has blisters from the breast shield . I went to a breastfeeding support group at my local hospital and the lactation consultant suggested I go buy a Medela . I purchased the Medela and within a few days , my supply had increased . My baby is now 5 months old and still nursing , thanks to the Medela . Bottom line , go with what has been around and proven for longer ... Medela . There are also so many more options with Medela that Playtex does not offer . I had to get larger breast shield cones , but they were stocked at Babies R Us . If you are thinking about The Playtex Embrace , I would advise you to consider Medela . They were the same price at Babies R us ... Playtex is cheaper at Amazon , but you get what you pay for . I am not one for promoting someone 's products , but this is something very important . Best of luck !
 I love this pump , then why the 1 star ? I bought this pump when my first son was born . After using it for about a month the motor died on me . Playtex was fantastic , sending me a new motor free of charge over night . I only used the pump about one more month and then it went into storage . I took it out when my second son was born and used it for about 4 months when the motor died again ! I called Playtex and they informed me the motor has a one year warranty from day of purchase and so I had to shell out $ 100 for a new motor plus extra money for overnight shipping -LRB- did n't include 2 business days of processing -RRB- . They informed me that the motor is only good for about 300 hours of use . That 's really not a lot if you 're a full time working mom . It should last you through one child , but if you plan to have more than one you should plan to shell out extra money for a new motor .
 I purchased this pump at a Babies R Us . I got it because it was a little cheaper than the Medela . That was a mistake . I have been back to work for a week and my milk supply is decreasing . And I agree with the other mother who says you need to use lanolin . If not , it can be uncomfortable . I am going to purcahase a Medela soon , before my supply is n't even enough to bother pumping !
 I looked around and did lots of research when put on bed rest . Bought this , becasue it looked great and was lower cost than the medela brand . Found it at Wal-mart for $ 100 -LRB- now they do n't carry it -RRB- . I got it and noticed that 2 indicator lights were out , but I could deal with that . My daughter was put into the NICU after she was born . The hospital 's medela pump hurt real bad . I had my husband bring in this pump and I did not have the pain . But the down button on the suction did n't work . Oh well , I do n't turn down the suction once I start pumping . I use is for about half of the feedings since I went back to work.Now my daughter is not even 2 months old and one of the tabs that hold the shield in place just broke off . I have to now find a new pump since I have to double pump due to my break schedule at work and the fact that I am an overproducer . Would not recommend the `` deal '' this one is.Here it is 6am and there only place I can find a double electric pump in store anywhere this early in the morning . I have work at 8 and no time off left , so I will have to try to improvise with only 1 side electric and the other using the manual medela pump I received from the hospital .
 This seemed like it would be a good teether for my 7 month old . She has similar ones that go in the fridge and are shaped like the purple wings . She enjoyed chewing on it and could hold it on her own , UNTIL she started gagging on the purple wings . They are too large for her little mouth I think . I ca n't let her use it on her own , only when I am holding it . She sometimes gags on her own fingers , but I 'm not going to give her a toy that will cause it .
 The rain cover does not fit the SnugRider Infant Car Seat Carrier Stroller Frame and the monkey is not washable .
 I recieved this monitor as a gift from my mother-in-law , and I did n't have the heart to tell her how disappointed I was . I tried to hook it up everywhere in my house , I got picture on it 1 time for about 10 minutes and it never worked again . The sound worked so we kept it and figured out that something was interfering with it and causing awful static -LRB- though we never found out what , we tried unhooking our cordless phone and wireless internet connection -RRB- . We finally gave up and bought a cheap monitor that works great !
 I love being able to see my baby sleeping , and I 've had this monitor for three years . When we first got it , it was one of the first ones out there , so we were really excited . Compared to other options now , though , this one certainly is not the clearest . The picture has always been very snowy although the receiver and camera are in close proximity to each other . We 've used this in two different houses -LRB- and we do have a lot of electronics - cordless phones , cell phones , computer with wireless internet , etc. -RRB- and have had a very large amount of interference . I love having a video monitor , but I would not recommend this one for you to count on if you want a clear picture .
 I too had problems with interference . We could see my son in his bed , but there was a rotating , popping line that constantly went through the screen . The noise was loud and irritating , so we could n't use the sound . We had to hook up another `` sound '' monitor to hear him , and use only the video on this unit . We have tried a few different video monitor models , and the Safety 1st brand always seems to have this problem . I guess if you 're willing to unplug all the other electronics and phones in your house , you may have a chance with this one ...
 We bought this at wal-mart and promptly returned it . Even though the camera and base were just across the hall from each other , the reception was horrendous . Playing with the V-Hold did not result in picture stabalization at all . We bought the Sight and Sounds Video monitor and it was markedly better . Picture was stable and very clear . There are some `` pops '' in the audio from time to time but it is not overly annoying .
 I had this for about 1 hour , trying to give it the benifit of the doubt , but then gave up on it and returned if to the store . It got good sound signal , but everything interfered with it -LRB- nearby phones , people walking between the base and the unit , ect -RRB- and then the video monitor had a constand roll , despite a never ending tweaking of the V hold dial . I would get it still for about 2 minutes , walk away for a second , come back and it was in full tilt spin . Just not workable nor worth the investment . There are a couple other brands out there , look at them first -LRB- like Summer -RRB- . This is Saftey is actually saftey last .
 I recently bought this and recieved it today in the mail . Their service was very fast , but the produst just was n't what I had expected . It looks very faded and the fairy 's are n't very cute at all . -LRB- The fairy 's hands on the blanket look like a male body part . -RRB- I do not recomend this product , the pictures are wayyyyy cuter than it really is . -LRB- sorry -RRB-
 Keep in mind , I 'm an experienced pump user . I have a daily-use electric pump that I 've had great success with , pumping twice a day while I 'm at work , five days a week . I bought THIS pump to keep in my bag as an emergency back-up , etc. . I never got a drop out of it . I checked every connection . There was some suction , but it was the equivalent of a mouse sucking through a coffee stirrer . I suppose if you 're incredibly engorged and leaking through your shirt , you might not need that much suction . But I try not to let myself get to that point , so it did n't work for me . If that 's your thing , try hand expression . You 'll get more .
 I bought this to help my milk to let down after having my son . As with all my other Evenflo breastpumps that have broken -LRB- you 'd think I 'd have learned after 3 others broke-electric and manual -RRB- this one stopped suctioning within the first week . Do n't waste your money . It 's tempting , but spend it elsewhere .
 Breast pumps are non returnable . If you want to waste your money go ahead and buy this pump . I purchased this pump , hoping to use it for those middle of the night feedings , when I am too exhausted to breastfeed or when my nipples are too sore . Well the pump probably got more milk on my shirt and down my front than actually in the bottle . I think my largest collection was about a half of an once , and that was after about 30 minutes of pumping !
 I only work a few hours a week , so I figured why spend to much for a pump I would only be using occasionally , BIG MISTAKE !! This pump is the worst item I 've ever bought ! It did not even work once !!!! There was no suction at all ! I returned it and got a pump that actually PUMPED ! It is worth it to spend a little more so that you do not have to hand express your milk !! I would give this item a minus stars if I could !
 I got this mannual pump thinking I could use it while I was out and about . I never got hte thing to work ! I tried multiple times and thought it was just me till i check out the other reviews here . Do n't waste your time on this pump .
 I could n't even get an ounce out of it . I tried for 45 min and I got a few drops . This product is a wast of time , money , and patients . This time I will get an electric one . They should pull this item from the shelf .
 Do not even waste your money on this pump . It does not work at all . I tried for about 45min and got maybe a 1/2 oz . I suggest spending a little more money and investing in another pump that works . &#60; br / &#62;
 I was n't sure if I would continue breastfeeding , so I did n't want to waste a bunch of money on a pump . This one did n't work a single time for me -LRB- and I now pump with a Medela Pump In Style every day with no problems -RRB- . And you ca n't return it because it is a `` personal '' product . Do n't waste your money on this pump !
 This is what happens when you send DH to shop for a pump . I told him exactly the one I wanted and this is what he came back with . I have heard several bad reviews about evenflo 's pumps and with this pump I can see why . My first few times trying to pump with this thing I struggled to even cover the bottom of the bottle . I felt that the suction was very weak and the handle on the pump is just plain horrible ? I spent over 20mins on the phone waiting for customer service and they basically told me no returns or refunds . So I try and try again and finally after several practices I can pump about 4oz in 30mins . Not to mention if the bottle or valve is a little wet ... then it wont drop anything down into the bottle . I would just recommend staying far away from this product . Its not worth the money at all .
 I bought the Avent Isis when I first had my son -LRB- now 5 months old -RRB- for occasional pumping but eventually got tired of the fact I had to transfer all the milk since Avent pumps are only compatable with Avent bottles , which , in turn , are only compatable with Avent nipples that my son hates . So , I bought this pump to save me time . The first time I used it I realized how inconvenient the pump handle was and how weak the suction was . I decided to give it another chance the next day and halfway through pumping the suction completely disappeared . I followed all instructions and even tried reassembling it but it 's completely broken after only 2 tries . At least now I can appreciate the quality of Avent !
 I 'm not able to get enough milk with this pump . The most I 've ever gotten is 3 oz -LRB- usually I struggle for one or two ounces -RRB- , and I know my milk supply is fine . I 've used this pump at least 20 times , now I 'm going to buy a diffrernt pump to see if I have better luck . Also , I find the pumping action to be awkward and makes my arm sore after awhile .
 We have a framed bed for our son where the mattress sits inside a wooden frame . I thought this guard would work , but it does n't fit . we had to stick with the universal guardrail from pottery barn kids which just slides in .
 This product will not work with a crib that converts into a toddler bed . The rail is too long to allow a child to safely exit a toddler bed that has rails on three sides . I suspect the rail will only work with a full sized twin bed .
 Overall , I think this is an okay product -- relatively simple to assemble , works well with our son 's platform bed , simple to use child-safe hinge . However , the rail does not fold down flat against the side of the bed when in the `` down '' position . When folded down , the rail sticks out at least eight inches from the bottom of the bed . This creates a tripping hazard and makes any bedding stick way out from the side of the bed . I want a rail that folds flat during the day so that I can easily pull up my son 's duvet and quilt to make the bed and then pop up the rail at night when he goes to sleep . If you plan to leave the rail in the up position at all times and do n't care about being able to make the bed each day , then this product would probably be fine for you , especially if you have a platform bed .
 I have had this bedrail for exactly six months , and it broke at the plastic join between the rail and the support that goes under the bed . I have had two other bedrails for several years -LRB- the Munchkin Safety Deluxe Bed Rail and Summer Infant Sure and Secure Single Bedrail -RRB- - took a look at both of them and the joins are metal , not plastic.As well , the Dex does not have straps that securely grasp the far side of the bed , next to the wall . Both the Munchkin & Summer Infant do , and are much more secure fits . I use them both on platform beds , so am disappointed that the Dex does not work properly . I am also disappointed in Dex customer service , who told me on the phone that they received my warranty request and photos of the broken bedrail via email and would be back to me ; one week later , no response .
 I was dissapointed when I got the bed rail only because it does n't go all the way down and it is kind of dangerous to have it in a down position , I still use it but it is up all the time and it is on the way to make the bed , I would NOT recomended .
 This product is very simple , solid and functional but the manufacturing quality does not meet customer 's satisfaction .1 . The anchor strip should slide into guide tube without binding . When the guide tube was welded they left extra welding material in the slot so that the anchor strip ca n't be assembled . Ordinary people could not assemble the parts for the discrepancy . I had proper grinding tool to remove the extra flesh and could assemble parts .2 . The markings on the parts were incorrect and caused confusion .3 . When I unpacked the package , I found two pieces of one item instead of paired parts . The sender replaced the missing part within a week .
 This really ca n't be installed on a larger bed that has a box spring ; there 's simply not enough tension in the support strap to hold the rail firmly against the mattress . As a result , a child could easily roll against the rail and get caught between the rail and the mattress . And the rail is so low against a standard-height mattress that a larger child could easily roll right over it and out of the bed.Some reviews above mention using it with an infant and this is highly irresponsible . Based on those recommendations , my wife bought it -- but the instructions warn against using it for any child younger than 2 years and any child who can not get in or out of bed on his or her own.THis is NOT a workable substitute for a co-sleeper .
 This rail does not go flush with the bed with you lower it ! It is horrible my son can not climb into bed because of the angle . I would not buy this bed again .
 Bought this fir my preschooler and 7 month old baby only to read when received that it 's not to be used with baby cause they may become entrapped and suffocate ... It should say this on the product description !!!
 I bought this railing upon recommendations online and thru the ` baby ' store recommendations . I also read theFRONT of the box ! and saw the photo of a child sleeping in a twin or toddler bed . As I put the railing togetherthe enclosed instructions state
 Unfortantely I purchased this bed rail and I 've regretted it completely . The horizontal supports have a square hard edge that can injure a child . The strap used to tighten the rail in place is difficult to tighten . One day my infant child fell down between the rail and the bed . The product is either unsafe for infants or so difficult to use that I can not set it up properly . AVOID AVOID AVOID .
 Certainly does the job , however a pain to install if you have a box spring and it 's not easy to fold down . Once it 's folded down it does not lay flat .
 This bed rail is advertised as an adult bed rail , but when box came it said child 's bed . It was too small and light weight for adult bed . It works well for a child if that 's what you need .
 I had purchased the Universal because I have a twin slat bed with full bed frame . As this rail folds down at a higher point than regular rails , I thought it might work . And that is the only good feature in this rail.First of all , it only works if you have solid bottom not slats . The width of the rail made it so the legs did not align with the slats.Second , the thickness of the plastic hinges made it very hard to fit the mattress back into place . The mattress stabilizer bar is square which is a bruising hazard . I did not really care if the side did not fold down all the way , but the thickness/bulkiness of the plastic on the hinged legs and the mattress stabilizer bar prevents the rail to stay horizontal against the mattress.Third , all of these unfortunate features are going to make it hell to change the sheets .
 I wish I 'd read the reviews about how it does not fold down 90 degrees before purchasing . When down , it sticks out close to 45degs from the bed . I had this set up in my daughter 's rather small room with a night stand next to her -LRB- twin size -RRB- bed , and this nearly abutting the nightstand . -LRB- When folded down , it blocks the nightstand drawers . -RRB- In fact , it 's useless to fold it down ... pretty much ever . My daughter ca n't climb out of bed with it folded down because of the way it protrudes , so she has to go around it anyway . For the same reason , it 's an obstruction when making the bed or changing sheets , or even just moving around in the room.I thought I 'd try using it without the strap that runs between the mattress and box spring so that I could remove it quickly , fold it and store it under the bed . But without that strap , it 's useless as a bedrail . It shifts under the slightest bit of pressure . I put her down for a nap without the strap and came up when I heard her crying - she had fallen and was trapped between the bedrail and the bed . Never try to use this without the strap.If you go with this one , you 'll be stuck with the rail permanently affixed to the bed . Good luck changing sheets . I found a simple one that I love for $ 5 at a garage sale that I 'm using instead of this . Sometimes simplicity is best.I give this 2 stars only because it seems sturdy , and I had no issues with construction or quality . Took only a couple minutes to put together . But highly do n't recommend .
 This does not fold down 90 deg . Do n't buy if you think you 'll be able to fold down and change sheets or something .
 Contrary to what other reviewers have said , this product does not work well with a bed where the mattress sits in the frame . The drop down assembly needs about 3 inches of space , and the anchor needs a box spring to function properly.The product was well packaged but seems a bit flimsy once installed.And if you do have a box spring , you can get this for $ 20 on target or walmart 's web sites .
 I opted to get this one instead of the more expensive stroller shades . It does n't really seem like it blocks the sun all that much since it is a mesh see-through fabric . I held it up to the sun and it still made my eyes water looking through it , so I imagine it 's not doing much for my baby . Also , one of the round joints that makes it adjustable broke apart after only about two weeks of use . I guess you get what you pay for .
 These sheets are presented as compatible with the Stokke crib -LRB- oval shaped mattress -RRB- . Although this is technically true , it is a bit misleading . You should understand that these sheets are designed for a standard crib mattress -LRB- rectangle -RRB- . They do `` fit '' the Stokke mattress , but there is quite a bit of extra material bunched on the back of the mattress and the fit is not as tight as sheets made specifically for the Stokke . Had this difference been clearly explained we would not have ordered the sheets .
 This product claims that it fits the Stokke crib however it DOES NOT ! It is a standard sheet that fits a standard fitted crib . It does `` fit '' on the stokke mattress but it is not tight fitting and there is tons of extra material . I would not recommend this sheet at all . I am returning mine as it does not fit my oval Stokke crib .
 The concept is great - lumbar support for your hard-working back during the first few months with your baby . However , stepping into the boppy at night while holding your baby - or before picking baby up - is a balancing challenge . So , I took off the back pillow attachment after a few weeks . The pillow itself then does n't compete with the softness of non-inflatable boppies . Last , but not least , about a week ago -LRB- 2 1/2 months after starting to use it -RRB- it started leaking air so I have to blow it up every day now until I can find the time to find the hole and put duct tape on the hole . My recommendation - go with a traditional boppy .
 the car seat is too heavy , its hard to put down the carrier bar . The stroller incline adjustment is rediculous . it takes forever to adjust the straps and its always getting stuck when you collapse it .
 I have to say that the only thing I like about this travel system is the print . I have been unhappy with everything . The base is awful to install . If you get the incline right then the base collapses when you tighten it . I had to put a pool noodle under it to keep it level . The car seat is terrible . It never seems to want to lock in the base . The straps are n't big enough and my baby is only 14 lbs . They always cut into her neck and they always get all twisted . They are awful to adjust . Her head always leans forward . It is way too heavy and the handle is awkward . It is almost impossible to get the handle up and down . The stroller is terrible to open and close . When you try to open it is always rubs the ground and it is all scratched up . Also , when you push the stroller it is n't smooth . It is real shakey . I have n't had the stroller collapse yet but I am really worried about it . I would never buy another Baby Trend Product .
 I just want anyone who has this stroller or is thinking of purchasing it to BE AWARE that you DO NOT have to push ANY buttons and it could potentially collapse.If the stroller is EVER collapsed with the wheels in the forward facing position , it could bend the frame and from then on the stroller COULD collapse WITHOUT ANY WARNING and WITHOUT PUSHING ANY BUTTONS.This is exactly what happened to us with our 27-day-old daughter in the stroller . She suffered a skull fracture and bleeding on the brain.When it happened , we thought we had n't secured the stroller properly , but while walking back home with our daughter in our arms , the stroller collapsed again . This is when we realized that there was something wrong with the stroller.After returning from the hospital , we contacted Baby Trend and they explained that they have had dozens of complaints of the same thing happening to others . They told us that the frame had probably been bent because it was collapsed with the wheels in the forward facing position , and this causes the stroller to collapse without warning . We could n't see that the frame was bent , but once we looked very closely , we realized that the left hinge was n't latching properly.We took our story to the news so others would n't have the same thing happen . We contacted CPSC -LRB- Consumer Product Safety Commission -RRB- and they sent an investigator to our home and are looking at the stroller for a recall . We have settled our claims with Baby Trend and our daughter is doing well.BUT ... . Please BE AWARE !!!! and BE CAREFUL . If you have a complaint of injury , please file a complaint with CPSC .
 I bought this travel system before I looked at the reviews here -LRB- stupid me -RRB- . After reading how some parents experienced the problems with the stroller folding up and having the car seat fly out , I became a little worried . After all , my baby 's safety is my # 1 priority . I went to Babies R ' Us today and I pressed the release latch to fold the stroller while the car seat was still in it . Sure enough , the whole thing collapsed and the car seat flew out HEAD FIRST !! I did this in front of an employee , who was as shocked as I was . She even did it . . twice !! Needless to say , I 'm returning this stroller first thing tomorrow . I have n't even put it together yet , thank God .
 My Husband and I were in the Babies `` R '' Us store comparing travel systems and pretty much had one in mind , already . I saw the colors on the Malawi Travel System and it caught my attention . As we were looking at it 's features , an associate that works at the store walked by us and said only these words to us , `` You do n't want that one . '' He kept on walking to assist a customer with something and we went over to ask him what it was about this travel system that made him say not to purchase it . All he had to do was to walk back over to where we were looking at the model and he proceeded to reach over and quickly grab the release on the top of the handle , which could easily be grabbed by anyone by mistake -LRB- or by an accompanying child walking with you -RRB- . In a flash , the entire stroller , car seat and all , collapsed , flipping the carseat backwards and hitting the floor . If a baby were to be in the stroller and that happened , the baby would flip back and crack his/her head on the ground , resulting in serious injury or death ! This quick reaction made my Husband and I drop our jaws to the floor and we were speechless ! We picked-up the flattened stroller and placed the car seat back on the top of the stroller and rolled it back to where it was on display . We decided to purchase what we initially went in for and that was the ever-popular , true-blue , `` Graco '' brand in the MetroLite series of travel systems - `` Delancy '' pattern . I feel very sorry for people that have already purchased the `` Malawi '' travel system , that have no idea the danger that may lie ahead for their precious cargo . Needless to say , I hope that I can be of help in your decision making process , by what I saw first hand in the store . BUYER BEWARE !
 I wish ZERO stars was an option!We bought the Glen Rock Design which is the same stroller different colors . Last fall my wife was walking with my daughter in the stroller and it collapsed causing the car seat to flip forward throwing our child onto the concrete . Luckily she had a blanket on her and she landed on it so it cushioned the fall just a little bit.We contacted Baby Trend and they told us if it is closed wrong then this could happen . They sent us a shipment tag to send it back to them so they could fix it.Regardless of how you are suppose to close a stroller it should not be able to collapse so easily if at all !!!!!! We are talking about a child 's life here !!!! What if a car manufacture told you that if you do n't close your door exactly how they say then the door might just fly open while you are driving now that is what is call safe !! This is the third stroller product of baby trend that has had problems with collapsing the previous two were recalled !! -LRB- model number 9592T and Model Number 1514 -RRB- This should not be allowed to happen regardless of how you close a stroller !!! Make sure you watch how you close this thing or your child could be hurt very bad !! We have purchased a new stroller so we do n't have to worry about this happening again !
 My son is about 13 pounds , 8 weeks old and the straps are already too tight for him . We have to go buy another travel system because he does not fit in the car seat anymore . We are very disappointed considering these things are not cheap . Please check out the straps on the car seat before buying .
 I do not own this , however , I do work at Babies R Us and I suggest people not get this one . I was clueless about the danger that hides behind the cute pattern ... A customer came in and asked if the system was dangerous and I have n't heard anyone say anything about it in the past ... I tried it , just like many of the reviews below and found that it can collapse with the car seat in it and can potentially put a life in danger ... If you are certain that there is NO CHANCE that you will accidentally hit the buttons in such a way that it collapses or can guarantee that a younger sibling wo n't grab the handle and mess with buttons , it may be alright , I still do n't advise the purchase of this travel system ... there are actually cheaper ones that are better than this one that are safe . . and also , ones slightly more expensive than this one that are MUCH better.Pros
 I am so fortunate that before I opened my box , I read the reviews on the stroller collapsing while the car seat is in it . I went to the store and tried it for myself and was shocked to see when it folded foward , the car seat dumped head first into the ground . I am SO GLAD that I found this out and am able to exchange the system for a safer one that folds inward not foward .
 This travel system is the worst possible system that I have ever had . My baby is 7 weeks old and weighs 12lbs , and she does not fit in it anymore . Not enough material in straps to loosen them . Therefore she had NO room to even move . When carseat is in the car , the carseat sits almost straight up , so that when you start to move , your child 's head flies forward , straining their neck . The carseat is also very heavy , almost impossible to lift with child in it . When folding down the stroller , it slams to the ground . You really need to hands to close it .
 My wife and I bought this duo in August for our daughter who is now 8 months old . We recently took a vacation and used the stroller only from the duo to tote our little one around . When our daughter fell asleep in the stroller in the reclined position her head would fall into the area between the bars on the side and the actual back support . This would cause her head to get stuck and we would have to wake her up to get her head out . In my opinion the stroller is also very hard to manuver and it is very large compared to the stroller we used with our first daughter . We are looking into buying a new stroller because of how dissatisfied we are with this product .
 I went to the local Babies ` R'Us and was looking at this stroller/car seat combo since it matches our theme . It looks wonderful and I would 've purchased it , but there is one very bad safety issue ! You can collapse the stroller with the car seat still in it . It 's not something people would do on purpose , but the button to do so is on the handle used to push the stroller . So if you are pushing the stroller with the baby in it you could actually collapse the whole thing and injure the baby accidentally . I think this product should be recalled , and strongly urge anyone who is thinking about purchasing it to see for yourself . It is very dangerous and I would recommend going with the Graco set instead . It is the same price range , light weight , and definitely a safer option .
 I put this item on my registry after seing it at BRU . I looked at all the features , but I did not try to collapse it in the store . After I read all the reviews about the collapse feature , I went back to the store to try it myself . To make this collapse , you have to slide a button over while simaltaneously squeezing the handle and pushing forward . This is not easy to do accidentally , but what happens when you do this with the seat in it is terrifying . I got half the store 's attention when I did this , as the car set flies out of the stroller and lands face down on the floor . It did seem possible to me to accidently do this while turning , so I decided against it . There are so many other systems where the seat has latches where it ca n't come out , and there is no way for this to happen . Please just try the feature with the seat in it and see how easy it might be for you do to it accidentally . It is n't a product defect , but it can be dangerous . It would be your judgement call whether you find it dangerous like I did . I did not want to take the chance .
 I own this travel system in the Glen Rock design . I had my 2 month old in his car seat in the stroller and was walking into a store where suddenly the stroller collapsed . The stroller began to close with the car seat still in it ... with my son inside ! If my mom had n't been with me to help me straighten it out my son could have been seriously injured because it was trying to flip the car seat out of the stroller . When I called Baby Trend the following Monday ... the incident occured on a Saturday late afternoon . The costumer service representative that I talked to informed me that the only possible way that this stroller could collapse like that is if I had n't closed it properly so the locking mechanism would have bent . Well I know I had closed it properly and she told me that it was all my fault . That really upset me for a company to tell me that it was my fault that my son could have been seriously injured . I have since stopped using the stroller and borrowed a friends stroller from Graco since she was n't using it yet and now I 'm using an umbrella stroller . I will no longer buy any Baby Trend products mainly because of their horrible costumer service .
 We bought the Shuttle travel system just over a year ago . At the time we liked how secure the seat attached to the stroller , it seemed sturdier than the other strollers , and it was larger as well . So at almost exactly th year mark , we noticed that the stroller was not even on the ground . It also began experiencing folding problems . What I discovered was shocking . On the front support leg that locks in under the tray , at the rivet hinge points , the aluminum leg was actually tearing apart ! This was quite a surprise for us since the stroller has been used about a dozen times . -LRB- Our newborn baby boy was born premature and spent the first 7 months in the hospital . -RRB- Mainly it was used for the car seat . I just ca n't begin to understand how something that is supposed to last the longest , is giving us problems . We are wholly disheartened and have lost our faith in Babytrend products because of this . We have to shop for a new car seat and stroller now since our boy is over the length requirement but under the weight requirement for most seats . We at least got a Graco Quattrotour stroller . It 's about the same size and has all the features . We were going to buy the Safeseat travel system , but the larger car seat would n't fit in our Santa Fe , and the colors were akward . OK , sorry to sound like an advertisement , but the main point is ... Leave the Shuttle system off your list so you do n't have to go through what we have to .
 Michael T Worrell must not read very well . No buttons were pushed , no parents collapsed the stroller with the their baby in it , no `` poor parenting '' occurred in any of the 12 reviews where parents had this stroller collapse on it 's own . This stroller is dangerous and is under investigation by the Consumer Product Safety Commission for recall . Michael 's attempt at sarcasm and humor about dumb parents only weakens his argument .
 I read that this stroller can collapse with the infant seat installed . I went to the store to see for myself , and it is shocking . With just the touch of a button , you can collapse the stroller with the infant seat installed , catapulting the baby to the ground . Of course , you might think that no one would actually ever do this , but it could happen unintentially , such as by an older child who sees the parents fold up the stroller and presses the button to see what happens . I think this is very dangerous .
 This travel system is the worst that i could have bought !!!! it doesnt fold up with one hand like it is supposed to thhat was the main reason why i bought it!when i went to return it to the manufacture they said that it was not fixable ! then my son cries everytime he is in the car seat because he is really uncomfortable !!! I cant even use the base because his head hangs no matter how i adjust it ! the straps are always getting tangled the handle on the carseat cant be put down without a struggle !! the car seat filps up when it is set down ! the one handed steering doent naviogate right all and all the travel system is a piece of junk !!!!!!!!!!!
 I went looking for a travel system when I was pregnant . This was my first child so I was n't completely sure what to look for . I went to the store and I played with several strollers . I liked how this one released in the front . I liked that it was n't all dark blue since I did n't know what I was having . I liked how the car seat connected to the stroller . I loved the handles and how easy they were to hold . I loved the one hand stearing on the stroller . Then I had my daughter and I went to put her in the car seat . She was n't a big baby she was 7lbs 4 ounces when we left the hospital and the straps already felt too small . I had to push and tug to get it to snap . It was horrible . She is now 7 weeks old and I ca n't use it because I ca n't buckle her in without pushing on her stomach hard . Babies R Us was wonderful and they allowed me to return it . I will never buy anything from Baby Trend again . I called them first and their customer service was horrible .
 Bought this stroller at BRU and loved the looks of it . I bought it in the lime green/sliver and blue . It was light & had a cool grip for your hand and all the great touches . However , when you fold it it flops right to the floor slamming down in the front , scratching the front of the stroller-ESP on blacktop its not pretty , leaving the tar in the plastic . You have to be quick . Also after folding it and adding it to your car the bottom for some reason that holds personal accessories gets caught and ends up leaving you to fight to have space . I have a Sport Trac and I need it to be sort of flat to go in the back and it will go , just is not the smoothest ! Other than the wheels squeaking -LRB- which always woke up my daughter after she just got to sleep in it -RRB- I have not had any serious problems with it . Just know the looks of it from being slammed down from not getting to it quick enough ruined the `` new '' look real quick . I know use an umbrella stroller . Close your strollers before buying them ! I know other strollers are not this much work !
 We were given this stroller in the Glen Rock Design as a gift . It is the same frame as the Malawi . BEWARE !!! IT UNEXPECTADEDLY collapsed with our 27-day-old baby girl in it . She was thrown head first onto the pavement and suffered a fractured skull and bleeding on her brain . She was transported by ambulance to Primary Children 's Medical Center in SLC , Utah . She luckily did not require surgery and seems to be recovering well.We have been working with Baby Trend and they agreed to pay our medical costs and said that they know why the stroller collapses , but will NOT recall it . If you do n't turn the wheels backwards before collapsing the stroller to put it in a trunk , the frame will bend , and from then on it can collapse without warning . They are not issuing a safety notice or anything , so BEWARE !!!! I ca n't believe it ; does a child have to die?We are taking our story to the news to make sure that others DO N'T have a similar thing happen . Be careful please ! I have relived watching my daughter land headfirst on the pavement countless times in my mind . It took us ten years to get her here and we feel blessed that she did n't suffer anything worse than she did . But , I do n't want others to go through this.UPDATE ***** CPSC -LRB- Consumer Product Safety Commision -RRB- is looking at this stroller for a RECALL . You can view our news story at http://kutv.com/local/local_story_024192006.html
 I have this system -LRB- in a different pattern -RRB- because the carseat was highly rated on consumer reports . The carrier is very HEAVY . Way too heavy to carry around with baby in it . The stroller is nice , but I hate that you need two -LRB- or more -RRB- hands to fold it then it slams into the pavement scratching up the front tray . It too is very heavy and bulky compared to its competitors .
 I took the car seat base into the California Highway Patrol office to get it installed and watched two officers work for a half an hour trying to get the system tight enough to be safe . Every time they put their weight on the car seat to make sure the slack was completely gone , the seat would click to another notch in the back . My baby was born pre-term and must have the highest notch so that his head does n't flop forward . After a half an hour I asked them what they thought and they told me that they had never had that problem before and did n't recommend me using it . I have yet to return the whole system , so I 'll see how easy or hard that is , but I am definitely not using it now .
 I agree with Megan Mitchell 's -LRB- from North Carolina -RRB- review . I am due in February and was in the store comparing strollers . You can easily Collapse this stroller WITH the infant seat in place , which tips the infant seat forward , dumping the baby out if the child is not strapped in . Imagine another child `` playing '' with your stroller and collapsing it ! In contrast , the Graco stroller folds forward , so if you try to collapse it with the infant seat in place , it wo n't fold down -LRB- plus the infant seat doea n't tip forward in this case -RRB- . And I did all this in front of a store manager.A word to anyone shopping for strollers - get to a store and try them . Do n't just trust other 's opinions or web research .
 I bought this system -LRB- in a different pattern -RRB- because the carseat was highly rated on consumer reports but no matter how I adjusted the carseat when it was installed , my babys head hangs over to her knees . It looks terribly uncomfortable ! It is also HEAVY . Way too heavy to carry around with baby in it . About the stroller . . I think it is a nice stroller but I hate the fact that you need two -LRB- or more -RRB- hands to fold it then it slams into the pavement scratching up the very front of the stroller . I also hate the fact that you can not have the canopy open so you can see the baby and have a drink in the drink holder at the same time . I do like that you can completely close baby up with the two -LRB- one from the carseat and one from the stroller -RRB- . Whoever designed this thing obviously never tried to use it !!
 My husband and I picked out this travel system because it matched our daughters nursery theme and after test driving a few strollers we liked in the store decided on this one . We also like the triangle handle . Well ... we are new parents and I wish someone would have told me that looks are n't everything and to compare the weight and user-friendliness of the system . Our daughter is almost four months and on the small side about 13 pounds and carrying her in the carrier is a chore . The carrier itself is SO heavy . Even my husband says it is ridiculously heavy and he is a strong man ! LOL We purchased a second infant seat used for our second car and we love that one so much better . -LRB- It 's a Graco -RRB- Its lighter and easier to use.The Malawi carrier besides being to heavy ... it is VERY difficult to get the sides of the handle bar down and snapping the bottom of the seat buckle is very difficult . You have to keep the 2 pieces together and then snap them into the bottom piece . It can be very difficult with a squirmy child and a snowsuit!We feel bad that we do n't like it because our friends bought it for us off our registry . But to do it all over again I would NEVER buy this system . The shape of the handle makes no difference in carrying the baby because its so heavy . And also on the stroller to recline and raise the seat you have to adjust it with a belt . It 's not those clicky ones which are so much easier . Sorry Baby Trend ... but this system stinks !!!
 The handle on ours always sticks . Our son is high on the growth charts , but this carrier weighs a ton - 10 lbs in addition to the baby 's weight - that 's a lot . It 's adorable , but if I had to choose again I 'd go with another travel system .
 We got this stroller in a different color/pattern because we liked it in the store . We had our baby in April 05 and we have hated the stroller ever since . No real complaints about the car seat , except it can be difficult to buckle at times but I 'm not having all the problems of the child leaning to far foward or that it is too hard to install in the car . The stroller is the problem ! TOO HEAVY . TOO AWKWARD TO FOLD . I had to get a new wheel after 2 weeks of use because if you do n't adjust the wheels just so when folding you can damage a wheel ! Customer service was poor but agreed to send new wheels for free . The stroller is annoying because once your child sits on his/her own he/she is still too small to see over the front tray . My child is 9 months old and the tray is in his face ... so I typically use my mid weight stoller instead . This is not a problem with the GRACO my friend uses ! DO N'T BUY THIS !
 I had originally registered for this travel system at the BRU by our home . After reviewing my registry online , I saw the comments made by previous people about it flipping over and potentially causing harm to the baby in the carrier . Boy am I glad I read those reviews ! In the meantime , we went back to BRU to finish registering and out of sheer intrigue , I did flip the switch to collapse the stroller . It not only completely flipped the carrier over , but it did it QUICKLY . It was not something that anyone would be able to prevent from happening even if they were standing there waiting for it to happen . It took about 1 second to go from upright to on the store floor . We actually had other people in the aisle stare at it incredulously ! I highly recommend not buying this product . It is n't worth the chance of hurting your little one .
 I bought this swing in June of this year and it 's already not working ... company says to ship it back and they 'll replace it so that means what ? ... I 'll have no swing for a month ??? ... not to mention I will have to take the whole stupid thing apart to be able to stick it back in the box ???? ... WTF !!! ... anyone who has a baby knows that use of a swing is a short period of time as it is ... ugh ... I thought Amazon would back me up some but see nowhere to even be able to complain to them and I give them A LOT of BUSINESS ... I am so pissed needless to say ... anyhow do n't bother on this piece of ... you know what ...
 Bad buy . It claims it comes with a power adapter , which it did n't . The motor died just after one month of use . Avoid this product and go for something better .
 My daughter did n't like swinging so the swing got very little use . Even so , the motor stopped working after after 9 months . It would just make a clunking sound . Even when it did work , the buttons were flaky . I would have to push the buttons just right , too hard or too long and the swing would turn on and back off again . When it was running it made excessive noise.For $ 40 Greco sold me another motor section , but by the time it arrived , my daughter had outgrown the swing so I never used it ! I put the swing in storage . Now I have another baby so I got the swing out and found it does n't work . The motor makes the same clunking noise as the old broken one .
 My baby enjoyed this while it lasted ... but the quality is substandard.Save your money and look for a different brand.Very disappointing .
 I thought this swing was a gift from heaven . My daughter loved it . For 3 weeks she loved it and then the motor blew out . After looking online I found this was a common problem . I guess you can call Graco and they 'll send you a new motor but who has time to deal with that ? And that motor will probably burn out quickly . Luckily we were able to return it . It would have been a very expensive thing to own that only worked for 3 weeks . So beware .
 This swing would be great if the motor worked . On the swing levels 1 and 2 it has issues , will stop working and slows down . We called customer service and they sent us a new motor . That one worked fine for awhile but now it is having the same problem . Guess I will make a second call to them ... how frustrating . SO overall this swing works fine for awhile but will most likely have motor problems .
 I liked the design and color of this Graco swing , however the motor ceased working about two weeks after assembly . I should have know when the floor model at Baby 's R Us was also not working.Hopefully other buyers have better luck , but this swing seemed cheap from the start and lived up to my initial impression.I replaced it with a Fischer-Price , which was only slightly more expensive . The Fischer-PriceFisher-Price Papasan Cradle Swing - Starlight Purpleis easier to assemble , more reliable , provides much plusher padding in the seat , an automated mobile , and multiple swinging directions . I initially preferred the Graco for it 's AC operation , but I 'll happily buy the batteries for the Fischer-Price .
 I would not recommend this swing . The motor unit constantly breaks and I am currently waiting on my 3rd motor from Graco Support . The first time the motor started making strange noises and the music stopped working , the second motor just stopped working altogether . I 've been waiting over 10 business days for my 3rd motor now and still have not received it . I called today and they informed me it was on BACKORDER . Oops . I 'd go check out other swings if I were you .
 I purchased this item , the motor stops working after 5 minutes . Sent it back and got new one . Same problem . I would recommend this item if you want to own a swing that does not work that you can push for hours by hand .
 There appears to be something defective about the motors of these swings , because ours also stopped working . Initially it worked intermittently , or would stop after being on only a few minutes , but now it 's stopped entirely . I am really disappointed and do not recommend it .
 This swing has been nothing but trouble since we bought it . For the past 3 months , it would stop working , and then start again when we messed with it enough -LRB- which usually involved mashing the buttons , rattling it and calling it names -RRB- . Now , it 's completely dead . Tech support kept telling us there 's this `` safety feature '' that will disable the swing when the legs are n't positioned right , but it quits working even when we have n't moved it . My husband took it apart and found the sensor had gone dead.Apart from the fact that these things break so much , the music on it sounds about like some cheap midi you would hear on an old Super Nintendo , and the `` nature sounds '' sound like various types of radio static . Utter and complete crap . If there 's one thing I 've learned , it 's that Fisher Price and Bright Starts are the way to go for quality . Everything I 've used of Graco I have been unhappy with . The changing table on the matching Graco bassinet we got broke off -LRB- when the baby was just 9 lbs ! -RRB- The hood on the carseat came apart ... And it had a safety recall on it ... Complete rubbish .
 I have several points of contention with the Graco Lovin ' Hug Swing . I think it 's unfair to rate a product based on how individual babies respond to it -LRB- for the record , my baby haaaaaaates this swing -RRB- , so this review is my take on the product itself.The biggest problem is the mobile . When the swing is on any speed other than 1 , the mobile turns towards the back and well out of view of the baby . The stuffed animals , while cute , are not visually stimulating , so even if baby could see them they would n't add much to the experience . Also , beware
 I bought this swing to replace a second hand fisher price swing that my son had outgrown . We got it home and put it together . Not only did he just not like sitting in it , the swinging motion was jerky at best . I was sure I had it together wrong because the range of the swinging action was so limited , but I checked and rechecked and it was n't a mistake . Overall , the swing just felt cheap and wobbly . I took the swing back and borrowed another fisher price swing from a friend -LRB- the rainforest one -RRB- and it is great . Smooth swinging , sturdy , well made , and even plugs into the wall which is a nice feature . When buying baby products in the future I will probably lean towards looking at fisher price first .
 Nice swing for comfort and baby likes it , but it 's broken after 3 months of use . Just stopped working . Should have listened to the other reviews and purchased something else ...
 Purchased this for grandchild . Swing looks looks safe but the `` automatic '' features of swinging itself is useless . The motor is too loud . And when you run either the nature sounds or the music there is a terrible screeth and grinding noise . So , the swing must be pushed manually with no `` auto power '' function at all due to terrible motor . . I am disappointed ...
 We 've gone through literally six `` NEW '' motors now . They may last a few weeks and then the swing stops completely or only works occasionally/rarely . This problem began within a few months of use and when my son was WELL under the 30 lb . weight limit . Graco 's happy to keep sending new motors because they must surely know they wo n't work very long . Why buy a product that only works 50 % of the time or where you 're constantly having to get replacement parts because the originals -LRB- and then replacements -RRB- are faulty ? I do not recommend this swing .
 This swing is cute and I put it together myself while I was late in my pregnancy so that is not the issue i have with this swing . Now that my daughter is alomost 6 months and is more active , I have almost gotten her fingers in the hinges twice while trying to close the tray . I was always worried about pinching her legs while closing the tray due to the design . So I was busy looking down at her legs the other day and meanwhile she grabbed at the side near the hinges as I was closing the tray . I think it 's a comfortable swing but I dislike the tray design and feel it is potentionally a hazard . For that reason alone I would not recommend this swing . And I have to agree with other reviews about it not working all the time ... sometimes it swings and sometimes it does n't . Seems to have a mind of it 's own ...
 My son loved this swing until the motor burned out . The music still plays but it no longer swings . I ordered this swing because it had mostly good reviews although many said the motors stopped working . I chose to take my chances with it . After just 5 months of use the motor burned out . The reviews were n't dramatic , it really did stop working and not because of misuse or a heavy baby . We use the swing pretty often and my baby is only 16 lbs.I did contact Graco and they are willing to send out replacement parts but we are stuck without a swing until they show up.As far as the correct product and shipping time , I was completely happy with that .
 We purchased this swing because it vibrated for our daughter . The review said it vibrated and the Lovin Hug Swing listed on the ToysRus website -LRB- not in pink , the neutral one -RRB- also said it vibrated . The swing came and it did not come with the part that vibrates and attaches to the front of the seat , it wasnt even listed in the instruction manual . We had to return it and go to ToysRus to get the swing.If you are purchasing this swing becuase it vibrates do not !
 While at some point , this swing may work , the directions are completely useless . I mean useless . The photos take a degree in design to understand and it 's taken much too long to assemble -LRB- I 'm taking a break to write this review -RRB- . I 've purchased Graco items in the past , and ca n't say how disappointed I am in this product . If it was n't such a challenge to put it back in the box I would . Stay away , avoid this product .
 We just got this swing a couple of days ago . It looks like it would be really great if it worked properly . The motor just makes grinding noises for awhile and then stops even that after a couple of minutes . -LRB- yes , I have pushed the swing to help the motor get started , did n't work -RRB- . I 've been desperate enough for a swing that I have been just swinging it by hand and coming back to swing it again every-once-in-while . At least the swinging bars are balanced so that it will continue to swing for a little while . I think it might just be a bad motor so I 'm going to contact Graco to see if they will replace it.I will try to update this review if anything comes of my contact with Graco .
 I 'd have loved the swing if it worked ! The buttons light up , the nature button produces some ghost sounds and the music is ok , however , the darn thing does n't swing at any speed ! I switched it off , started again to no avail .
 I bought this for my daughter who is expecting my first grandchild . The reviews I had read were just what I was looking for . I gave it to my daughter for Christmas . Her husband but it together easily ... and then called me . They said that it did not swing after the first push . -LRB- It is supposed to be a automated swing -RRB- . The music sounded more like errie music in a bad movie -- not at all what you want a new born baby to listen to !!! It was supposed to be ` classical ' but it was just BAD !! I do n't know if the mechanical parts were broken or what the problem was , but we were very disappointed in the product . It was returned and they are waiting to see if they can find another swing that will better fit their needs .
 well if i could give it negative stars i would but i cant ! do yourself a favor do not buy this swing even if its the last one on earth and they offer to give you money . its that bad ! this P.O.S. started to break 3 days after use and by the end of the week it had stopped working all together . The motors that operate the swing arent stong enough or suffer from defect . We ended up with the fisher Price swing and are happy thus far .
 I borrowed this swing from a friend when I had my twins . Within 6 weeks the controls shorted out . Once you turned it on , you could not turn it off unless you removed the batteries . So I bought the same swing -LRB- I wanted to return a working swing to her -RRB- . I used it for about 6 weeks & it did the same thing . Since it was new I called Graco & they sent me a replacement motor . Just a few weeks later I had to call Graco again because , yet again , it shorted out . They have sent me another replacement motor & I am going to put it together & return it to my friend because I HATE this swing . The reason it got 2 stars is because Graco has been fabulous . The swing would get 0 stars from me , but the customer service would get 5 . My Fisher Price swing is still working great after 4 years & it has survived toddlers ! If I had to buy another , I would get a Fisher Price swing .
 I really liked this swing at first
 First and foremost , I gave this product a one star rating due to my frustrations with the horrific instructions supplied with the swing.We have not had the opportunity to use the swing with our infant son , but I have impressions have been scarred from the beginning . The instructions were completely inadequate . I am moderately mechanically inclined and it took more than one hour from opening the box to plugging the swing in . While it may not sound like a long time , the main body of the swing is constructed from fifteen pieces . All of the pieces snap together with the exception of three pieces which were screwed into the frame.I certaintly hope the functionality of the swing surpasses the `` ease '' of construction .
 Horrible swing ! It was difficult to assemble , the seat material is not comfortable , the tray takes up half the seat -LRB- so we did n't attach it -RRB- . The motor had problems on the first 3 levels with keeping the swing moving and then it died after about 5 weeks of use !! We only used it a few hours a day too !! I returned it to the store and purchased a fisher price plug in model and love it !! Do n't waste your $ $ on this !
 I bought this swing for my granddaughter and the motor died after 3 months . this is the 2nd swing in 10months . I would like a refund or replacement
 The mulitple compartments are nice , -LRB- if you can remember where everything is -RRB- . The only problem is the seam down the front tore after 1 month of use , making it one big compartment that hung open so far you could n't use that space . Its not as sturdy as of diaper bags I 've seen and used . I actually am going to try to return it or at least exchange for a new one so I can give it another try .
 I had this bag , and liked it because there 's lots of room inside , but the lining tore after only a couple of months use , and the separate compartments became a thing of the past . I would not recomend this bag to anyone .
 The lining of this diaper bag tore within a few months . It may be worth the $ 6 but no more than that . I paid $ 20 in March for this bag and already need a new one .
 The diaper bag is real spacious and offers alot of pockets for organization , but with that being said constantly going in and out of the pockets the velcro and the fabric tares easily . But I still love it , just wish it was manufactured with better material .
 A friend gave this to us . They had opened it and had never used it . I understand now that we have it why she did n't put her precious baby into the darn thing ... Although very pretty and practical , the bassinet is very unsteady and flimsy . We 're due for our 2nd child in October , and as of right now , I do n't believe we 'll put our little one to sleep in this bassinet . I would love to see and hear from other mothers who own this product ... Is it supposed to be this junky or is it just mine ?
 This is not a pratical bag for carrying around things you will need for your infant . The zipper broke after we used it it for three days . It is not durable and there are not enough storage compartments . It is cheaply made . Unfortunately we were not able to find a good quality `` Hello Kitty '' diaper bag so we bought an Eddie Bower diaper bag . So far the only complaint we have with that bag is that the lining tore within the first week we had it . However , that was just an outside pocket . The inner lining is still intact and it has plenty of storage space .
 I love this mobile . The only problem is that the screw used to attach it to the crib wo n't go into the mobile so I ca n't attach it . I think it was the only one left and after reading the reviews I think when I return it I will get something else which is sad because I really like the features .
 My husband found this mobile and I thought it was so cute and had so many cool features . We buy it , get it home , install it on our daughters crib and it worked for all of maybe 2 minutes . We took it off the crib , the rubber band that makes it spin had come off , so we put it back on and put it back on the crib . Again the same problem . Finally we had enough and stopped using it , but she still liked to look at the fish . So I wait a couple days and try it again . The lights no longer come on , the music plays for about 30 sec . before it turns off , and the mobile still does n't spin . Oh and the remote NEVER worked , however if you wanted to watch TV in our room you would turn the mobile on and off . Needless to say I wish we would have bought the mobile that went with her bedding set .
 I had similar problems to another reviewer 's . We read the reviews prior to purchasing , but since the main complaint was a `` grinding '' noise -LRB- which we thought we might be able to live with -RRB- , we decided to give it a try . We set it up and turned it on , and there was no grinding noise . It was a lovely mobile , and the lights and music were pleasant . Our son enjoyed the moving lights very much and was almost asleep when the thing ceased to function properly . It suddenly started playing the wrong music , then turned itself off and on several times , and then started making an awful buzzing noise similar to an alarm clock . None of the buttons worked at that point , and I had to remove the batteries to get it to shut up . Needless to say , we then had a wide awake baby and had to start from square one putting him back to sleep . Since there have been other reviews here suggesting defects , I 'm taking this mobile back tomorrow and not getting another one . It has great features , but it does me no good if it does n't work , especially since it wants to quit working by making a buzzing noise that will jar a baby awake !
 This mobile is so cute and has so many cool features , but it is a piece of JUNK ! The aquarium part that attaches to the bed makes a horrible grinding noise & the little fish thats inside of it did n't move . Exchanged it and the new one did the same thing after a week and a half !!! Save your $ $ $ .
 I loved this mobile when I saw it in the store , but after getting it home and using it for about half an hour it just started buzzing , would n't do anything and would n't even shut off . I returned it , got another , and after using that one for about an hour the mobile would n't turn . Save yourself the hassle and buy a better product
 This looked like an excellent mobile with all the right features
 it 's a great interactive mobile , however the music stopped playing after 2 weeks . apparently it 's a common problem with these motorized mobiles .
 The good things ... the mobile is very cute and I like the song choices.The bad ... the mobile broke in less than one week of use ! The aquarium sounds feature began making just white noise and would n't stop until I took the batteries out . Also , the lights that the mobile projects began to get too dim to notice.I exchanged the mobile and the second one had the same flaws . In addition , the mobile does not turn unless I push it to get it started . The music will play for so long that it runs the batteries dead within about a week , and the batteries are a pain to change because you have to take it off the crib and unscrew the battery cover . During this process , the fish usually fall off of the mobile.I kept the second mobile for looks only . I do n't bother using it 's mechanical features anymore . Save your money !
 I 'm really sorry that I did n't read these reviews before I bought the mobile . I was attracted to the features and the cute fish bowl , and the colors matched my baby 's room . However , two weeks after installing it , the fish completely stopped turning . At first I thought it was the batteries , but we changed them and it still did n't work . I 'm really disappointed , because my son really enjoyed it . At least the music still works ... A real bummer for me is that I bought it in the U.S. , and I live in Israel . I threw out the box and the reciept figuring I would never have an opportunity to return it anyway . Now I 'm sad that I did that . I really like it though . :-LRB- For those of you looking to buy this product , be warned by the majority of these reviews !! Hopefully you wo n't be stuck with a malfunctioning product like I am .
 My baby really liked this mobile , but one day it stopped turning . I thought it was the batteries , so I replaced them . It worked twice and then it did n't turn anymore . The music still worked till the other day when it just made this long , loud beebing sound . Really upset because my baby thaought this mobile was so fascinating .
 First one was broken but got another one . Hopefully this one works better .
 We had high hopes for this mobile since it was so cute but I wish I had read the reviews on this previously . About the fifth time we used the mobile , it broke . The the bubbles ceased to work but the rest of the mobile would not turn off . The fish continued to go around and around and in place of music it made a constant grinding sound . Needless to say we returned it .
 We have been desperately searching for a mobile that has not only an eye-catching design for the baby , but a remote control -LRB- so as not to wake the baby to turn the music back on -RRB- and a light -LRB- so that the mobile is visible at night -RRB- . For some mysterious reason , very few mobiles have these qualities -- but this one did . We decided to purchase it , despite the fact the fish were rather ugly and the quality looked questionable . Had the mobile worked for longer than an hour , we may have kept it because it really caught our daughter 's eye ... and I really liked the way the light softly lit up the room and played music or ocean sounds different than the tinny music out there on most baby toys . Shortly after being installed , the mobile soon stopped playing music . After doing an emergency battery run at 10pm , thinking the non-working mobile was the battery 's fault -- we learned we had a defective product and returned it the next day . Although skeptical , we decided to trade it in for another one -- but that one , too , was broken -- as it made a huge `` jack-hammerish '' sound when the glowing fish was turned on.Very frustrating that I am going to have to return this a second time . I do n't recommend wasting your time on this product . Wish I had read other reviews ...
 My husband and I thought this was really cute plus it went well with the ocean theme for our son 's bedroom . Our baby seems to like it but it only worked for a week . The music/sound started being garbled . We rarely use the music/sound function of the mobile and it still broke down .
 We had the same problem others have had . This is a great mobile . Our baby loved it - until it stopped playing music after a week . I have found that removing the batteries and putting them right back in fixes the problem - for another week . Then I have to remove the batteries again.I would not buy this product again , even though my baby loves it .
 This was the best $ 40.00 I had spent , until it quit working 5 days after I bought it . The mobile and aquarium worked great , but it stopped playing music . The soothing music is what helped my little one fall asleep . I thought the combination of the aquarium , lights and music were a wonderful idea , and my little guy loved it , unfortunately this product did n't last long . This product saved me a lot of bedtime trouble , just wish it would have last .
 we received this mobile as a gift , and it did n't even work the first time out of the box -- despite my handy hubby making sure all was assembled okay . we were going to exchange it -LRB- thinking we 'd had the bad luck to get a defective one -RRB- -- HOWEVER , given the majority of these -LRB- bad -RRB- reviews , we got a gift card instead for another mobile . too bad , 'cause it sure looked cute on the box !
 Got this as a gift last October . I 'm now on my third mobile . The motor went in the first one , making a horrible buzzing sound loud enough to wake me up ! The fish stopped rotating in the second , & now the third is making a loud beeping sound like a phone off the hook . Keep in ming these things do n't stop unless you take it off your crib & remove batteries . Want to have your babies sleep interrupted , buy this ! Do n't waste your money !!! It 's beautiful , but it does n't work ! I wonder how Dolly is still in business having to replace all these mobiles ?
 Make that no stars - I am on my 5th one now-I thought it was just a defective one at first but it turns out they are all defective . This mobile was the worst purchase , but my daughter is hooked on it so I keep replacing the broken one every month -LRB- or less -RRB- . The motor breaks for no apparent reason - the fish stop rotating so the main thing the baby is looking at is broken after a few uses . Ive had the same problem someone stated already where the thing would n't turn off a couple of times and started buzzing loud , I had to take it off the crib and take the batteries out to make it stop . The main reason I bought this was for the rotating fish and bright lights that accompanied them - but for some reason that is the first thing to break . I would n't recommend this to anyone .
 Although this mobile is very cute , it also does not seem to function very well . The first one I purchased did not rotate at all . I returned this one and now have one that plays no music - but hey , we 've got rotation ... I will say that the little fish on the base is awfully cute and colorful and seems to work well .
 My son loved this mobile , but after a short time , the motor quit and now we just have the music . We never used the `` aquarium '' feature since it rattled so loudly . I was also expecting more music choices rather than the same one playing over and over . Very disappointing .
 We got this mobile for Christmas because it was highly recommended in Parenting magazine . What a piece of junk ! I could n't agree more with the majority of reviews . Within a few months the mobile stopped turning and the motor noise is getting worse . The mobile started working again for a few days but it 's stopped again just as he 's cutting teeth!How can Dolly Inc. not know they have a severe quality control problem ?
 This product would be awesome if it worked . First the unit would n't turn off ! So I changed the batteries . A few days later , the unit started making a humming noise like the motor was broken . I had to remove the batteries to get it to stop . I would like to give this product 0 stars , but that is not possible .
 Got this for my shower in Nov 2004 and it worked great for about 2 months . Then , like many of the people who have written on this one , I found that my mobile no longer worked !!! The motor operating the rotating fish died ! Even though my son really seemed to like it , I 'm not going to buy another one of these pieces of junk and will instead get the Ocean Wonders mobile . Ca n't believe they actually sold this for $ 40 ! What a rip off ! Beware buyers ! If you do chance it , save your receipts and packaging !
 My son loved the mobile we bought to match his bedding ; however , it was not battery operated , so we had to keep winding it . We decided to buy him a battery operated mobile with sounds and lights ... this is the THIRD calypso mobile we 've bought/exchanged . All of them quit working after about 2 or 3 days . The lights dim , the mobile stops rotating , the remote does n't work , and the aquarium makes a loud rattle . This was the WORST BABY item we 've bought .
 Just like everyone else -LRB- man i hope this company reads reviwes of their product !! -RRB- it 's stopped working . Unfortunately it 's been since October 2004 since it was purchased -LRB- after our baby shower with gift cards -RRB- I have no idea where the receipt is so it looks like we have to buy another one . Our daughter loves the colorful fish but how boring that they wo n't rotate anymore . I love the fish in the bowl but it starts making a griding noise then lo and behold the fish stopped rotating . When we purchased in October there were n't as many reviews so we thought we were safe , now reading everyone else 's it seems we 're just another upset set of customers . And to make it worse , we spent another $ 6 for batteries that we thought we needed , Man ! DO NOT BUY THIS !!!
 Unfortunately I purchased the mobile before reading the reviews . It worked great for about 3 weeks . Then the mobile stopped rotating . We too thought it needed new batteries , but it still wo n't rotate . When it did rotate , the motor did make noise , but nothing like one of the other reviews . My son loved watching the fish move with the light , but now we 'll have to find a different mobile . I 'll be taking this one back !
 I bought this before our baby was born , so it did n't get much use when I first installed it . Once our baby girl came home , we immediately started using it frequently . It worked for not even a week ! The fish stopped turning , but everything else still worked . I took it back , got another one . This one lasted for another week . Now the mobile will `` sometimes '' turn , the music will `` sometimes '' play , and the bubbles will `` sometimes '' work , but never all at once.I got this simply because of the fish theme , but I think I am going to take this one back as well . I saw where the Fisher Price Ocean Wonders Line has now come out with a mobile with a remote control . If I am going to spend $ 40 on a mobile , it better work for more than a week !
 It 's a piece of JUNK . I made the mistake of buying this mobile . When the 1st one broke I exchanged it for the same one . Here it is less than 3 months later and it 's broke again.If you 're having the same problem you can contact the manufacturer at : WWW.DOLLY.COM or 937-667-5711
 At first it worked great . About 2 months later the top stopped spining . I emailed the company and they are sending us a new swing arm . They admitted to having defected mobiles and are working on the problem . Email or call them , they seemed helpful so far . I hope the new arm works !!! I think the web site is www.dolly.com
 I was extremely disappointed in this mobile . I liked the features of the nightlite and music , but as it has been mentioned in other reviews , the grinding noise of the aquarium is terrible . We received this as a gift , so we were unaware of the mechanical problems.BUT , what 's worse , is that we have had this on my son 's crib for three weeks and the motor to turn the mobile has totally failed . I thought the batteries were dead , but it 's the mobile . What good is that . Now it 's off to buy a new one .
 We bought this to go with the aquatic theme in our baby 's room . While it looks cute and shows promise we were extremely disappointed . The music , lights and ocean sounds were fine . Then we turned the fish bowl on . For the first 10-15 seconds it was great
 We bought this item , installed it on our baby 's crib . It worked well for about two weeks until we changed the batteries . After we changed the batteries , it quit turning . We exchanged it for a second of the same mobile . The same thing happened . We do not recommend this mobile . If you purchase this mobile , save your receipt and the box !!!
 ... once I got it rigged and turned on the swimming fish feature , it was making this grinding noise . =-LRB- I 'm really bummed , because there is n't another mobile that has the features that this one does and there also is n't another one I like as well . Not sure what I 'll try next . It 's absolutely adorable and has fantastic features , but I know the motor noise would drive DH and I both CRAZY , so I 'm returning it .
 I bought this because it looked really cute in the box . Once you take it out of the box , it is very cheap looking . The arm that swings out is an awful color green , and the fish fall of . Plus it eats batteries , the final straw is the motor stopped turning after 1 month . It is just stupid , although my baby did like it , but I think he likes anything that he can watch.It is very cheap , do not waste your money . If you do decide to try it keep the receipt .
 I loved this mobile when I first put it in my daughters crib . It had a great nightlight , music volume , cute little fish and lots of options ... Soon it began clicking , which I ignored for a while . Then the cute little light stopped working , not to mention each time I changed my daughter 's sheets the little fish would fall off . Then the mobile stopped spinning altogether -LRB- but it still clicked !! -RRB- . The only thing that kept working was the music . If you buy this mobile you will regret it .
 I bought this mobile 2 weeks ago . At first it was cute and worked great . Then we were browsing the cable menu on our TV , and noticed that when certain buttons on the remote were pressed , the mobile would turn on and off . That was annoying , but we could deal with it . Then two days ago , we turned it on and it would n't spin . We threw the box away the day before , so now we 're not sure if they 'll take it back . We 're not made of money , so if they do n't take it back , my boy will be without a mobile . With this many bad reviews , why has n't this company improved their product ? I 'm going to boycott all their products if the issue is n't resolved .
 I wish I had read the reviews before buying this mobile . It looks cute but it just does n't work . The music did n't work on the first one I bought . We exchanged it , the second one worked for a week then stopped turning . We exchanged that one and now we have the same grinding problem others mentioned and it also would n't shut off until the batteries were removed . I know my 2 year old will miss the ` fishies ' , but my newborn is going to outgrow the mobile before we get one that actually works .
 We brought home two Calypso Mobiles that looked neat , but made grinding noises and then quit working within 5 minutes of operation . Save yourself time and frustration and choose another mobile .
 i wish i would have read the other reviews before i wasted my time buying this product ... i went to the store to buy another mobile that was hightly rated by these reviews and saw this one and decided to purchase it instead ... if only i 'd known ! wonderful idea , horrible product ... grinds , does n't work when the buttons are pressed , just like the other reviewers stated !! not to mention that the volume control has two choices
 My baby loved this and it stopped spinning the second day . I returned it and got a second one , it stopped spinning day one . DO NOT BUY .
 I ; ve bought this mobile yesterday , it seems like my daughter loves it , but music does n't play for 10 minutes :-LRB- , It plays only for 2 maximum , so I have to go and turn it on again . I am little bit upset that I have to return it .
 I am a mom and a pediatrician and have been buying this and other Mustela products since my 7 year old was a newborn . I just bought two packs for my little one and to my surprise , the sheets were smaller , thinner and less moist than before . For the money , in this day and age I think this is the last pack I 'll buy . I used to be able to swab almost a whole toddler bottom , poopy or not , with one sheet . No longer . The two stars are for the fragrance which is heavenly . You 'll do better to mist your child 's clothes with the Mustela fragrance spray and buy Huggies wipes instead . Much larger , and gentle on the skin and a much better buy for the money . I guess Mustela did n't think we 'd notice the change , but this mom did !
 I would love to like these but each time I use them , they cause hundreds of bumps on my baby 's skin . Even though I love the scent , I imagine it is not good for a baby 's new skin . I have great success with Seventh Generation wipes .
 Wow ... the things you learn as a new mom ! I purchased these wipes based on the positive reviews listed here . As I was setting up the nursery this weekend I opened the wipes and was blown away by the stench of them ! My husband walked into the nursery and immediately noticed the pungent odor . To quote him ; `` Whoa ! Those wipes smell worse than the mess we 're supposed to be wiping off the baby ! What kind of chemicals produce that kind of smell ? Why would we want it anywhere near our baby 's skin ? '' ` Nuff said . What a waste of money . Wipes are no in the trash .
 I originally bought these wipes from Nordstroms -LRB- figured if they are sold there they must be good -RRB- but have hardly used them because of the incredibly strong odor of the perfume the wipes are bathed in . Personally , I just do n't feel comfortable rubbing that much fragrance oil on my baby 's skin .
 I have become a fast fan of Mustela products for my 3 year old who suffers from eczema . This is the first Mustella product that fell short for me . I started with bath oils , shampoo & conditioner , massage oil , and lotion ; all of which smell pleasant & light if not good , and seem to work well on his skin ... I bought these wipes to keep to clean his hands on the go , but the smell is obnoxious . It is so strong , and gross . I was trying to scrub the smell off my hands when I felt compelled to leave a review . Going to find another alternative .
 Ugh ! First off , these get FIVE STARS for softness and moisture and cleaning-goodness . HOWEVER ... all of these positives are 100 % nullified by the terribly potent chemical odor they give off ! HOW CAN PEOPLE SAY THEY LIKE THAT STENCH ??? Those people must work for the company , because these are truly the most god-awful smelling things EVER ! A stench like that could not possibly be natural ... they must use strange and toxic synthetic ingredients to get that smell . AVOID THESE AT ALL COSTS !
 I ordered a pathfinder online and was pretty stoked to received it so that I could take my daughter hiking . I read a lot of rave reviews about it . However , when I put it on for the test run it was uncomfortable from the first minute . I am 5 ' 3 '' with a small frame and I think I am just too small for the carrier . I could n't adjust the straps small enough and it was just too long for my short torso . the hip portion sat below my hips and the carrier did not rest on my back , but rather seemed to curve off of my back so that the weight was all on my shoulders . Very uncomfortable . My daughter is only about 25 lbs . Like I said , I think I 'm just too small for the carrier . It seems to be designed more for a man 's body-someone taller with broader shoulders . Does anyone know of a nice frame carrier designed for women ?
 Methylchloroisothiazolinone and methylisothiazolinone are preservatives found in most commercial moist wipes , even those which proclaim that they are `` natural '' or `` hypoallergenic '' -- even baby wipes ! The problem is that a LOT of people are allergic to or have sensitivities to these chemicals -LRB- or develop them after long use -RRB- . This results in a painful , itchy rash in the worse possible place , and in some cases on your hand as well . Not thinking it could possibly be the wipe , people use MORE of them to alleviate the irritation , resulting in MORE rash and more irritation . When it is a baby 's bum , it is even more tragic.A lot of folks are not allergic or sensitive and do not develop these sensitivities . More power to you . But if you find yourself with a rash , even after using them for YEARS , STOP USING THEM . There are brands out there that do not contain these preservatives . I am not here to advertise for them , just to warn you to READ THE LABEL and think logically if you develop a rash or irritation .
 After using the wipes for awhile both my sons developed an itch . At the time we did n't put 2 and 2 together . My youngest sons itch was so bad I took him to the doctor and she said it looked like ringworm and told me to get foot fungus cream . I did mention to her that I thought it might be the wipes but , she did n't think it was the cause . Well , after using the fungal cream for two weeks -LRB- the doctor said it could take up to a month for the ringworm to go away -RRB- the itching got worse and the rash spread . I took him back to the doctor and she took a culture swab and we found out he has a staph infection caused by the itching ! So no more wipes and nobody itches anymore . It could just be that my boys were sensitive to the ingredients in the wipes but , I did notify Kleenex about what happened with us and am waiting to hear back from them . If your child is prone to skin allergies I would HIGHLY recommend NOT using these wipes .
 Wow . . these Cottonelle Fresh Folded Moist Wipes Tub 42 , are about the size of a Kleenex , and they 're pretty rough on your backside . The small size alone makes them not at all useful for anything but a babies bum , but the texture 's too rough to use on your baby . The name Cottonelle implies soft ; these wipes are anything but.Please rate this review if you found it helpful .
 I was using playtex but decided to try this since it is cheaper , what a big mistake . I used these mostly after a bowel movement for that extra clean feel . I started having some irritation but thought nothing of it and it got worse . I started having these very painful tears/fissures in that area that will heal after 2 or 3 days but will always come back . It will never completely heal . It never occur to me that these wipes were the cause . I continue to use these wipes and continue to have the problem for almost 2 years . I was so scared at one point that it might be STD or something even worse but test results were all negative . I started doing research online and a lot of women have this problem and most of the doctors say it might be something they are allergic to . I tried changing detergent , softener , and etc. . When nothing worked , I stop using these wipes and the fissure went away . I ca n't believe these wipes can cause such horrible problem but after stopping , the fissure never came back . If I can , I would n't even give it 1 star .
 Title Says it all.Can ' t believe people actually use these . I tried the once and tossed them in the trash .
 I 've been using these wipes for a long time , thinking they were a great solution , and did n't make a connection between them and the severe itchy rash that I developed after a while in the areas wiped ... I was suffering from the rash for many months and had no clue that these wipes are causing it ! Nothing would help to alleviate the symptoms , since I continued using the wipes , unaware that they are the culprit . It was so frustrating until I read this report which blames the chemicals/preservatives used in these wipes for creating rashes and irritation ! `` The authors of the new report , from the Mayo Clinic in Rochester , Minnesota , singled out one chemical -- called methylchloroisothiazolinone or MCI -- as a cause of particular concern . '' `` We voice our concern about MCI -LRB- and the related compound MI -RRB- being used as a preservative in cosmetics , industrial products , and moist toilet paper . '' `` wet wipes are a common cause of allergy . The allergens are almost always preservatives . `` Are n't you sick of all the harmful chemicals the cosmetic industry is dumping on us ??? Did you read the looooong list of chemicals that are in these wipes ? And it says on their label
 I was so excited when I ordered this only to be disappointed . The quality of the bedding is terrible . The sheet is so rough I bought a differnt brand and the bedding quality is less than par . I kept the set but I doubt it will hold up past 1 washing .
 Methylchloroisothiazolinone and methylisothiazolinone are preservatives found in most commercial moist wipes , even those which proclaim that they are `` natural '' or `` hypoallergenic '' -- even baby wipes ! The problem is that a LOT of people are allergic to or have sensitivities to these chemicals -LRB- or develop them after long use -RRB- . This results in a painful , itchy rash in the worse possible place , and in some cases on your hand as well . Not thinking it could possibly be the wipe , people use MORE of them to alleviate the irritation , resulting in MORE rash and more irritation . When it is a baby 's bum , it is even more tragic.A lot of folks are not allergic or sensitive and do not develop these sensitivities . More power to you . But if you find yourself with a rash , even after using them for YEARS , STOP USING THEM . There are brands out there that do not contain these preservatives . I am not here to advertise for them , just to warn you to READ THE LABEL and think logically if you develop a rash or irritation .
 I used these wipes exclusively for about 2 years - ever since they were first released on the market . I liked the idea , and they seemed to do the job well . I actually got to the point of carrying them with me so I could use them vs. toilet paper when I was n't at home.After several months of use however I got to the point where I felt raw & dry - with cracked , bleeding skin & pain when wiping . I just figured it was all the more reason to use the wipes - they would keep me clean so I could heal up better.This spring I purchased a bidet toilet seat at home -LRB- Coco 9500 -RRB- , and I began to use that toilet seat in conjunction with these wipes . I began to feel better , but still struggled a bit with dry/painful skin.Finally , this summer I quit using the wipes , cold turkey , to see what happened . The first week or so was n't great , but fairly rapidly - certainly within two weeks , my skin healed up , any bleeding stopped , and I felt a lot more comfortable . My guess is some chemical - maybe the alcohol , in these wipes causes them to dry out your skin , which can make things worse , not better . They are probably good for occasional use , but if you plan on using them over a sustained period of time you are probably better looking at a bidet toilet seat or something along those lines - it 'll be less hard on your skin.And if you are using them now since you feel raw , dry , cracked , bleeding , etc. - it might be worth trying to give them up for several weeks to see if your problems go away . Instead of the solution for your problems , these might be contributing to those problems .
 The price was very high . I thought that I was getting a pack of multiple refills , not just one pack . Also , they clog your toilet . That was really expensive !
 These wipes are particularly harsh and full of industrial-strength cleaning products that may be appropriate for cleaning your floor or toilet , but certainly not your body . This caused instant irritation for everyone in our house . I recommend 7th generation or other natural chemical-free products .
 Got the product in the mail and it was the wrong color . Not what I had ordered . Unfortunately by the time I got the product it was too late to return for a full refund . So now I am stuck with an ugly nursing cover . Thanks Amazon !
 It looks like a good gift for baby shower . But the first one I got is a mess . The lotion or shampoo was leaking . Not just a little , lots white lotion or shampoo on the bag and plush goat . I thought it 's some thing wrong during transit and I was glad I ordered it much early than the shower so I asked replacement.Unfortunately the replaced one still leaking ! The white leaked shampoo inside and outside the clear plastic secure seal on the top of shampoo . On the inner part of gift bag , I can see some small black sticky dots . I ca n't give it as a shower gift . I had to return it .
 This is what the recipient chose and therefore I would assume they are pleased with their choice .
 The picture of this item seems to depict a soft and supple quilted cotton throw/blanket . What I received , although very attractive , was a thick and stiff quilt . Not something baby can snuggle up in for sure ! I 'm hoping after about a dozen washings with fabric softener that this thing will loosen up . I 'm not too optimistic ...
 I shopped around a lot before purchasing this stroller and I am SOOOO disappointed . Here are some pros and cons.Pros - ultralight . They were n't kidding here . It is a lot lighter and easier to lift up my stairs than others have been - Good sun shade . Most stroller shades are totally useless . this one is fine - handles well on smooth , flat surfaces.Cons - When I have my infant seat in there is no room for my other son . He gets hunched over forward as the front seat has to be reclined all the way back . This would n't be too much of a problem except ... - The back sit seat is free moving -LRB- it slides back and forth -RRB- and ca n't be locked into place . So my son slides back and forth which is dangerous and when my infant seat is in the front and my son 's back seat is sliding back and forth it pushes him off the seat . It would be fine if I could lock it into place but I ca n't . - It does n't handle well on semirough terrain . I 'm talking about slanted or bumpy sidewalks . It is nearly impossible to steer unless you have ultra strong arms . - Do n't know if mine is the only one like this but it pulls off to one side.I have tried my friend 's Phil and Teds and wish with all of my heart that I had paid the extra 200 to buy that stroller . It handles beautifully and fits both kids really well . Remember it is cheaper to buy an expensive stroller the first time than to buy two . Now I know some people love this stroller but I 'm guessing a lot of them use it to go to the mall or places where sidewalks are level . I live in Boston and I have talked to others here that have this stroller and they hate it too .
 I bought this stroller when I was expecting my second son . My older son was 3 at the time . After having it for less than 1 year it has completely fallen apart . I have to hold the hinges together with cable ties which frequently break . I would NOT recommend this to anyone who has a son -LRB- or daughter -RRB- who can get out of the back seat on their own . This was obviously not design for typical wear and tear . I still have my single seat Graco and it is great condition .
 Be extra sure you want this before ordering as it is difficult to return . We tried to find this in a store and could not find it anywhere so we could not test it out in person , and we ordered from Amazon . After receiving it we realized it was not really what we were looking for -LRB- although it seemed like a well built , quality product -RRB- so we initiated the return process with Joovy . TWO MONTHS LATER we finally received our refund . Joovy customer service is extremely unorganized . Basically everything they told us was wrong and had to be re-done . They lost our return , they could not find our order , they could not find our receipt , they dragged their feet and were in no hurry to help , one thing after another , they kept saying one thing then another , a complete nightmare . We ended up purchasing theEddie Bauer All-Terrain Tandem Stroller Bryant Collectionand we love it . It is less expensive , more flexible , carries more , and the rear seat folds down horizontal so our infant can sleep . The one drawback is that it is heavier . P.S. Amazon customer service in handling this return was outstanding , 5 stars .
 I spent a few weeks researching tandem strollers and finally settled on the Joovy Caboose Ultralight . I was very disappointed when it arrived . I used it for a couple of weeks before finally selling it on craigslist , taking a loss , because there are a couple of huge design flaws that I could n't live with . I then bought the Baby Trend Sit n Stand LX and love it . First of all , it is about $ 100 cheaper than the Joovy , and , in this case at least , more expensive certainly does not mean better.I have a 4-year-old and a 2-month-old . I knew that my 4-year-old would want to walk on outings but hop on a stroller when she got tired . I also knew that I 'd be using the infant carseat with the stroller for at least four more months with my infant son.There are three things about the Joovy that I preferred to the Sit n Stand -LRB- minor things that are not deal breakers by any means -RRB- :1 . The Joovy is lighter -LRB- by about four pounds -RRB- , so it is slightly easier to turn and maneuver than the Sit n Stand ; its wheels also seem to roll a little more smoothly . However , the maneuverability comes at the sacrifice of function -LRB- more about this later -RRB- .2 . The Joovy neoprene parent organized has a ton of space for keys , wallet , and phone and is very functional . The Sit n Stand parent organizer is a hard shell ; it has room for two smaller water bottles , which is great , but neither my keys nor my BlackBerry will fit in the middle closed compartment , thus rendering it nearly useless - it 's just too small to be functional .3 . The oversized canopy on the Joovy covers both kids , which is nice on a very hot and sunny day or in case you get caught in a rainstorm . However , the canopy is also bulky and a little cumbersome ; when you do n't need it fully open , it gets in the way.That being said , there are many things I prefer about the Sit n Stand :1 . The Sit n Stand is a little lower to the ground and thus feels more stable when moving .2 . The Sit n Stand has a carseat attachment that you can snap the infant carrier into . The Joovy Caboose attachment is really a tray that the infant carrier sits ON TOP OF ; it does NOT snap in , something Joovy obviously does not advertise because it 's very cumbersome and annoying . To secure the infant carrier on the Joovy , you have to strap it in with an ugly red strap ; even with the strap , the infant carrier sits awkwardly on top of the tray and does n't feel like it 's secure . In the instruction booklet , Joovy actually advises that parents check the carrier every few minutes to make sure the strap that holds it attached to the stroller is n't loose . The Sit n Stand attachment is awesome - the carrier snaps right in and is tight and secure in the front seat of the stroller .3 . The Joovy basket is very small and hard to get into . I could barely get my purse in there , much less a diaper bag . The Sit n Stand basket is larger and has snaps on the side that you can open , thus making the basket easily accessible and usable .4 . The Sit n Stand can be folded with one hand ; the Joovy can not .5 . The Sit n Stand actually folds smaller than the Joovy . It 's a bit thicker when folded but significantly shorter , so it will fit in all trunks . The Joovy is VERY tall when folded and would n't fit in the trunk of my friend 's Honda .6 . The front seat on the Joovy is very shallow , only 8 inches . The depth of the Sit n Stand front seat is about 10 inches , making it much more functional for older kids . I could see my son , who 's average size , outgrowing the Joovy seat by the time he 's 18-months-old . He 'll be able to use the Sit n Stand much longer .7 . The Sit n Stand has a removable kid tray that easily snaps off with one hand . Once the younger child is older and bigger , it 's easy to remove him/her from the stroller without lifting him/her over the top of the tray . The Joovy tray is very difficult to remove -LRB- I actually could n't do it ; my husband had to do it for me -RRB- .8 . However , the most obnoxious thing about the Joovy , and the main reason I traded it for the Sit n Stand , is that the back toddler bench seat is very small and moves/slides all the time , which is annoying and distracting for the kid AND the parent . Also , when the front seat is reclined -LRB- necessary to hold the infant carrier and for a younger child or a child who still naps during the day -RRB- , it reclines halfway INTO the back bench seat , taking up about half the room of an already small seat . The older child then either has to stand -LRB- not great on long trips -RRB- or sit hunched forward with his/her feet awkwardly curled behind . This is a pretty big design flaw that I could not overlook . It makes the back seat essentially useless unless the front seat is not reclined . The Sit n Stand back bench seat is slightly larger , and the front seat , even when reclined , does not get in the way of the bench seat . The older child can thus sit comfortably upright even with the front seat inclined . The standing platform on the Sit n Stand is also larger and has a strap that you can buckle behind the child that the child can use for back support ; the Joovy does n't have this.Considering the above , the Sit n Stand LX is the hands-down winner . For nearly half the price , you get a much better , more functional stroller . Had I `` test driven '' both , I never would have bought the Joovy Caboose Ultralight . I think the Joovy looks kind of funky and trendy , so people fall for it , but it 's a poorly thought-out stroller that is terribly overhyped .
 I hope to give a balanced review . You can already see that the vast majority of 4 and 5 star reviewers think this is the best thing since sliced bread and nothing but not stop raves ! But there are definitely some shortcomings to this Joovy product . But one warning before you keep reading , due to our living situation -LRB- foreign country off the beaten track -RRB- we were n't able to test out a lot of other makes and models so we relied on reviews alone for our purchase . So when people do rave about the ultralight compared to other products , I ca n't comment on that since we have nothing to compare to , so maybe in comparison to those other product the Ultralight IS the best one out there - but it 's still not perfect and definitely has design flaws that could be improved.POSITIVES
 My wife read all of the reviews for this stroller prior to the birth of our second child and decided to purchase this stroller online . It is , by far , the worst stroller that I have ever used . The dimensions are such that it is rather tall and skinny so it has a tendency to be difficult to turn when you want to , but driveway slopes tend to force you down into the street if you are not holding on very tightly . As far as looks , ease of folding , and overall features are concerned , it is a fine product . I am a healthy 34-year old dad who finds this really difficult to maneuver . I would n't even think of trying to take it to a crowded place or store . Who knows , maybe I just got a dud , but I would recommend trying this out at a store before purchasing .
 It 's just ok and I do n't think it was worth the money . We bought the ultra light version for more money but frankly it 's really heavy , and then when 2 kids are on it , good luck trying to turn the thing . It steers fine but you feel like you are pushing a train and it is heavy.Perhaps what is the most annoying thing is what other people have said -- when you have your newborn infant in it in their car seat , it is impossible for your toddler to sit in the back part because the back rest is slanted downward so bad your little one wo n't be comfortable and wondering why they are sitting like a second class citizen ! I mean get real Joovy product developers which I hope wake up and read this.When you have a newborn , you want to make your second older child feel very special too , and the crappy seat at the back leaves nothing to be desired.they can of course stand just fine but she gets tired . I imagine it will be fine once the newborn is out of his carrier seat , but I think I checked that out too and the back rest for the back seat still does n't go up all the way . Again crappy engineering and a very important detail overlooked.Another thing I really do not like is that up while it says it 's compatable with certain carsseats , which we made sure of , your car seat just sits on top and doesmt even snap in ! They have this read strap that you essentially pull over the cars seat to hold the carsseat in place . I just never feel secure with it . Yeah , it sits sort of in a cradle part but it is not snapped in like you might expect.The only thing I like about it is the pretty orange color and the sun visor thing that covers a lot at least with regards to the baby . It was easy to assemble and it took me less than an hour while watching TV and taking breaks . It was stupid I think that they made the visor black . Why ? Black gets really hot . Why did n't they make the visor orange like the rest of the stroller ? Again poor engineering and thought.The bottom line is that for this money I would skip the ultralight or regular joovy stroller . If you do n't care about your other child 's comfort in that back crappy seat , then get the non ultra light as its cheaper . I mean if your pushing a heavy stroller what does it matter if it 's heavier as they are both uncomfortable so at least you wo n't feel bad about spending as much.To fold it up it 's fairly easy but we never want to do it as you have to pull out the front bar that holds the car seat and then the joovy takes up our entire small SUV trunk . Forget about trying to take this train of a stroller on a city bus as the drivers would surely get mad . It 's ok for short walks . As such , I would have rather spent half the money on any other brand that has a comfortable normal backseat for your other rider and also has the platform stand .
 My wife and I have used this stroller now for about six months and are satisfied . Our children are four years and 15 months exactly . This troller would be perfect if just two items were improved upon :1 . The sun shade is much too small to cover the front and back passengers simultaneously . We had to use a separetly bought shade to provide the proper sun coverage .2 . The main steel frame work can be a bit wobbly and unstable on rougher terrain , i.e. up curbs and non-cemeted areas . The frame work holds but feels as though the stroller bars are on the verge of bending.Minus the two improvements and the stroller is top notch.Would I buy again ? Yes , BUT only for light use.Addendum : My original review is unedited above . Would I buy again ? My answer now would be NO . The frame work is woefully weak even with just one child in the stroller . Turning on drive way dips are challenging and moving up sidewalk curbs a chore . I would have chosen a more sturdy stroller to push two children .
 Allow me to clarify , if you own a minivan , use this in malls and stores - its fantastic!HOWEVERIt does not travel well or handle any kind of non perfect terrain well . It took some small damage on our very first airplane trip . Every flight it got a little more beat up.We are on buisness assignment outside the US , I thought this would answer my needs as I have a 1 and 3 yr old and alot of walking is required here . However , the sidewalks are not always perfect , sometimes you must maneuver on non paved surfaces , the front wheels do not handle this well.It alwasy felt like the wheels were about to break.Also , if you are going to be putting this into a rental , make sure the trunk is larger than a mazda3 . Getting this in and out was HELL . Because of the rigid shade on top , there is no give and it makes the stroller longer than most.Finally , the foot rest broke on it , my sons feet almsot were dragging on the ground . The stroller withstood about 6 months , then i had to replace it with the peg . The peg is sturdier and more compact . My daughter does fine standing on the stand in the back . -LRB- she is almsot 4 -RRB-
 I was swayed by the Joovy Caboose 's sleek looks and narrow profile but now have serious buyer 's remorse . Unfortuately the only positive to come from this purchase was the knowledge of what I need in a double stroller - all features absent on this model.First of all , and most importantly , neither the 3 yr old nor the 15 mo old are comfortable riding in this and there is no possible way either could fall asleep in this stroller . Even the front seat , the more `` comfortable '' of the two , does not recline worth a darn -LRB- which makes sense as the back `` seat '' passenger would be folded in half were one to try -RRB- . I knew this going into it , however did not apppreciate the importance of having two seats that can accomodate sleepy travellers.The back `` seat '' slides around constantly . There must be a way to keep this still but I 've tried every configuration of the 2 snaps that are presumably there to to this and nothing has worked . I spend 80 % of my time re-adjusting Big Sister 's seat.The back passenger 's feet WILL end up getting twisted underneath the stroller at some point . I have a child in the 10th percentile for height and weight and even she can not avoid this happening.For being un `` ultralight '' this feels remarkably heavy and awkward . You WILL end up making a spectacle of yourself trying to navigate this stroller in tight spaces -LRB- ie the pediatrician 's waiting room -RRB- . Prepare to be humiliated.The footrest of the front seat routinely gets stuck in the upright position . Now that little sister is not so little this is a big pain.I have had to stifle many an f-bomb during the process of folding and unfolding this stroller . Fortunately we have a vehicle large enough to haul it whole if -LRB- when -RRB- I just ca n't make it collapse . This happens more often than it should . I barely take it out anymore because it 's just not worth the trouble.All in all , this `` bargain '' of a double stroller cost me plenty since I now have to replace it with something more appropriate for our needs . It looks great in our basement , though . That sage green really livens up the otherwise dreary decor .
 We bought this stroller as a 2nd stroller to keep in the car . We live in a city and have a primary stroller for every day use so this stroller did not meet our needs for several reasons . We have a 2 1/2 yr old & a 2 month old . * When using the extender for the infant car seat it is actually over 50 '' folded despite what the dimensions read on the description and it did n't fit in our trunk . * When using it with a car seat in the front you have to recline the front seat & it makes it very uncomfortable for your toddler to sit on back seat -LRB- you can see this in the pics -RRB- . So it is not the best option when using it for a toddler & an infant . * You also have to put the car seat in the front & I would prefer to have my infant closer to me than in the front of the stroller so after much comparing of these type of strollers we found that the BabyTrend Sit N Stand Ultra is actually a better choice cause it gives you this option . Its much more versatile .
 I bought this stroller directly from Joovy on sale for 200 ... A friend of mine had it , and said she liked it ... When I spoke with the consumer rep at Joovy , I told them my needs
 Within a year of using this stroller a metal bar completely broke off of the bottom which helped attach the front seat belt . From use it has become very difficult to push . My children are not even that big for it to have worn out so fast ! Not good for long term or extensive use . It really is very , very difficult to push on regular flat surfaces for even a very short period of time .
 I needed a double type stroller that would hold my Chicco Keyfit 30 Car seat , and also carry my 2.5 year old son . I read many reviews and also tried the Sit n Stand for comparison . The Joovy actually says that it 's compatible with the Keyfit , whereas the Sit n Stand does not , even though some people have had success using it that way . For comparison , I will say the quality of the Joovy is MUCH nicer that the Sit n Stand . The Sit n Stand seemed very cheaply made to me . And the Keyfit really does fit in the Joovy . -LRB- It sorta did in the Sit n Stand , but it tips the baby back too far . Sit n Stand does n't actually claim anywhere that it is Keyfit compatible . -RRB- The color was awesome -LRB- I had the Greenie -RRB- and I liked that the ultralight was lighter than any other stroller I tried , came with the parent organizer -LRB- as opposed to the regular Joovy Caboose -RRB- that the front seat reclined more than the other Joovy , and that the storage basket was bigger . Worth the extra money if you ask me . The deal breaker for me with this stroller , was that truly if you are using the front seat with an infant car seat , it renders the back sitting area useless for a toddler or other child . Honestly , I even tried to like it despite that . I even have to say that there really is n't even enough room for them to stand comfortably in that area when you have an infant seat in front . I had read other reviews saying this , but had to see for myself . I really do n't understand why Joovy would n't just add a few more inches to this stroller to make it work for both an infant and older child . Why bother having it be compatible with an infant seat at all ? To add a few inches to this stroller would n't even make it too huge . It 's a very reasonable size as is , and I ca n't see why making it longer would ruin it . After trying many other double strollers , this one seems very small , so it 's something I think they could easily do , and still have a lightweight stroller . I ended up returning this stroller , and we have purchased the Baby Jogger City Select .
 I bought this stroller after spending quite some time doing research on double strollers . I finally decided I should go for a sit and stand type of stroller . This stroller had amazing reviews and looks great . I have a 3 year old and a 9 month old weighing 19 lbs and 34 lbs . I only used it one time at Walmart and after 40 minutes in the store I decided that this was not the stroller for me . The frame wobbles from side to side . It just does n't seem sturdy . When I was shopping at walmart and going around other people with my stroller it felt like the frame was going to bend on one side -LRB- depending on what side I was turning -RRB- . I kept looking to see if something was wrong with it . My husband was there and although he does agree that the frame wobbles , it did n't bother him too much . I bought this stroller mainly to walk outside and go to the park so I figured if this bugs me when strolling at walmart it would really get to me walking outside where the surface is not as smooth.I did n't hate this stroller just did not feel like it was strong enough for my 2 kids . I ended up returning it and buying the graco roomfor2 stroller . It feels much sturdier and costs way less ... The only down side is that the sun cover is not as big as the one on the joovy . But for the price you ca n't go wrong . And it feels just as heavy as the joovy . The Joovy did n't feel so light either and the Joovy was also a bit longer when it was folded than the Graco .
 I purchased in 2009 for my first child . He would n't sleep on it ever . I thought it was just him being difficult . Now for my second child who slept through the night in a pack n play from day 1
 This growth chart is very cute , however , it is difficult to make marks on the fabric when measuring your child because it is a little fuzzy . Also , it is hung by hanging the loop on a nail , but it really needs to be fastened more securely . My son pulled on the growth chart a couple of times and it stretched out the loop , which throws off where the measurement markers fall . It was n't accurate anymore . It 's an ok growth chart , but if I was doing it again I 'd buy one that was laminated or thicker paper that can be marked on and rolled up and kept when the child grows up .
 May state that it 's hypoallergenic but it still contains a perfume that caused rashes on our infant . Confirmed with pediatrician that it was a skin rash and not baby acme . We switched to Cetaphil RestoraDerm body wash and the rashes quickly went away . Would not recommend for any sensitive skin infant .
 Purchased as a gift from a baby registry . Both myself and the Mother-to-be was disappointed in the quality of the product but liked the pattern when we opened it at her baby shower . Not a brand I will be purchasing for future baby showers .
 This looks like a bad imitation of a baby jogger belly bar . The manual that comes with it looks like a photocopy , which makes me skeptical about the authenticity of this product . It fits terribly on the Baby Jogger City Series , which is what it says it is for . I am very disappointed in Amazon and hope that they read these reviews and remove this product . I am in the middle of returning this item . DO NOT BUY - its a waste of money !
 I am very annoyed that this Baby Jogger stroller bar doesnt fit the said Baby Jogger City Series stroller model .
 I wish the company delivered the product.I ended up getting a better product from BabiesRUs.It does more than one function ...
 A second camera does not work the way you will want it to work . The two cameras cause interference with each other as you switch back and forth between the two cameras . The picture has wavy lines , and the sound is choppy . I wrote Summer Infant about my problem , and they do not want to do anything about it . They said that the cameras operate on a 900Mhz frequency , and could cause interference with each other . So I am thinking to myself
 We bought this a second camera for the handheld monitor + camera . It initially worked but for some reason after a couple of days there was no video , only audio , from this source . No amount of configuring with the two cameras would make this unit work . The company , Healthcheck , gave us grief to no end about returning/exchanging . Not until we gave them a bad review on Amazon.com did they relent . You should n't have to go through so much fighting to force customer service !
 This is a piece of crap . That is the best I can say . Half the time the monitor did n't work or the video was bad . Our handheld could n't pick up a clear video when we were standing next to the camera . We got the manufacturer to replace it , which was a ton harder than it needed to be . The new handheld device we received worked okay for a few days but then the channels would no longer change and it started picking up both channels at the same time . DO NOT BUY EVER !!
 I was purchasing the items first and foremost because of the images on the plate , Thomas and Bertie . My special needs son who has Asperger 's and Autism to name a few really relates to them and his current plate -LRB- same as shown on sales item -RRB- is wearing.I had looked at other web sites and could have gotten the plates I received -LRB- Thomas and James images -RRB- cheaper , but I was looking at the images displayed on the product above.To get the dinnerware sets that were pictured would have made my son very happy.To get the set I paid for and received I am very disappointed , especially as I had to pay additional shipping -LRB- through my brother in-law -RRB- to get it to Canada.No longer a fan ,
 This is probably a very safe car seat ... it seems to have great protection for a baby so I give my two stars to that aspect of it . However , this car seat does not fit into grocery carts or upside down high chairs in restaurants securely . I have been very frustrated when I get to a grocery store and it wont fit into any of the carts in either the child section where it should snap in , OR even in the main grocery basket section in some stores . I simply ca n't go shopping with my infant . We bought this car seat thinking that it would be great to have it last a bit longer since it holds infants up to 30 lbs. , however , my child is only 3 months and about 14 lbs . and I can barely carry this with her in it . Another concern is that the infant head support for the car seat does not lay properly when used on the second smallest setting ... it forces the car seat straps too high to fit properly . Although it 's a beautiful car seat , I have to say , I wish I bought a smaller car seat . The stroller that goes with this set is pretty nice , but the car seat once again does n't fit very well with it . When I put my toddler in the front seat , the infant seat pokes him in the back of the head . I have to lay a towel over it so the hard plastic does n't hurt his head , but he is still forced to sit with his head uncomfortably forward . I wish I would have made a difference selection in a car seat and travel system .
 I do n't normally do reviews , but feel I must for this one . I ordered this dresser and have spent much time over the last few days attempting to put it together . First , the instructions are horrible , and difficult to match up to the pieces . The top of both sides was damaged in shipping too . But its the drawers that are the worst part - it takes at least 2 people to assemble them , and then only after much frustration and swearing ! The kicker is that now that they are -LRB- finally ! -RRB- assembled , they do n't even go in the dresser straight , even though the rails were screwed in exactly where they were supposed to go -LRB- i.e. where the predrilled holes were -RRB- . The screws on the side of the rails stick out oh so slightly and catch the drawers too , so they do n't open smoothly -LRB- or get caught and wo n't open at all -RRB- . The whole thing looks horrible with off-centered drawers , and I worry that my daughter will pull too hard on the stuck drawers and it will fall on her . I just wanted a nice dresser for my daughter , and would return it if I could . Do n't waste your time or money with this thing !
 I have hated this seat since day one . First , it is heavier than most seats . So , once your baby really starts growing -LRB- which happens quickly -RRB- it is just too darn heavy to carry . Second , the black is just way too hot , it 's like putting your baby in a cooker -LRB- at least in the south -RRB- Third , the seat with base takes up waaaayyyy too much room in the back of the car -LRB- and I have a mid size suv -RRB- Forth , the cords are constantly getting tangled and it does not snap easily . Fifth , mine is very touchy to get in and out of the base and stroller -- sometimes gets stuck . Add all this up with a baby who hates being in his car seat and it is not fun whatsoever.On a positive note , one thing that is great about it is the canopy . Definitely get a car seat with a canopy - this has been invaluable to have.I wish I had shopped around . But , being a first time Mom it 's really hard to know what you 'll need in a car seat . I would definitely NOT recommend this seat .
 This car seat has a bounce rod on the back which makes it too big to fit in most of the cars . I was advised by the Plano Police Car Seat Inspections to return it
 Having searched far and wide for a US made car seat for our first-born , we settled on the Britax Companion along with the Britax Vigour stroller.To say the least , we were deeply disappointing when we received the products . Both the stroller and car-seat are short on quality , clumsy and poorly designed . It is not worth the price being charged . As for safety , I hope we never have to find out.The product quality which one would expect from a child product is not there . It is heavy and if you are not well-built , it is going to be difficult to carry around . Neither does it operate smoothly and efficiently.If Britax is supposedly better than the other child product companies , I wonder about the quality of the products from other companies.Anyway , this would be the last Britax product we are ever going to purchase .
 Check out an article below at the Chicago Tribune , most car seats are tested on sleds . These car seats were put in government crash tests for actual car crash safety tests . 31 car seats tested either flew off their bases or exceeded injury limits in a series of frontal crashes conducted by federal researchers using 2008 model year vehicles , a Tribune investigation found . The test results were never publicized , and even some infant-seat makers were unaware of their existence . -LSB- ... -RSB- `` The Britax Companion , which can cost twice as much as some competitors ' seats , exceeded injury limits both times it was tested . The company discontinued the Companion last year , although retailers continue to sell through their inventory . `` I would n't buy this car seat , even if it seems like a deal . The Britax Chaperone is the new model , and is supposed to have fixed any flaws that the companion had . Do your research , sometimes there are very good reasons companies discontinue a product and come out with a new version ! This is one of those times !
 I thought I was buying the safest car seat for my family but I was disappointed . I was disappointed the minute I took the car seat out of the box . I knew I wanted a seat with a chest clip NOT a sliding clip . I had studied the picture and description on the website and that is what I thought I was getting . Our little one is now able to slip the strap off even if I have the straps tight . It is time for her to move to another seat but we were hoping to use this seat again if we have another little one . I will need to contact the company to receive a replacement part . Not what I expected from a company with such a good reputation . We went with a Safety First seat convertible seat for our daughter 's next car seat .
 Mustela baby products tend to be seen as middle or upper - shelve european cosmetics . At least I have seen them that way . I have bought and use bunch of them before reading labels for the first time . This one could n't be labeled paraben-free and contain hydrogenated fat-if it 's bad for human beings , does it matter which way it get into our system ? And it is made for babies . I will not buy it again . One star for nice `` performance '' in the bathtub , my daughter enjoyed the great and long lasting foam and colour .
 In the past I have ordered this brand and type of nipples for my son . He only uses these . When I ordered them this time however , they came with a strong chemical odor and taste . I boiled them , ran them through the dishwasher and the odor and taste remained . I am not sure what happened with this batch of nipples but I had to throw them out . I am ordering from another company hoping that it was the seller and not the manufacturer .
 These nipples are NOT slow flow -LRB- `` first essential '' -RRB- . They are WAY too fast for a newborn , or even a 4 month old baby . I 'm VERY tired of Amazon 's INEPT product descriptions that are either wrong or misleading.Now I have to spend my time and gas money to take these back to UPS and seal back up the package.TELL US EXACTLY WHAT THE PRODUCT ISSHOW US THE EXACT PICTURE OF THE PRODUCTSEND US THE RIGHT PRODUCT
 These are very small nipples . Also very oily when they arrived . I assumed they were the larger brown ones that I needed .
 I 'm sure these nipples work fine for older babies , but the title `` first essentials '' led me to believe that they are slow flow . In fact , the packaging clearly indicates that they are medium flow nipples designed for older babies.If you 're looking for latex nipples for older babies , they 're probably fine . But they are NOT a good solution for my newborn . I wish amazon would update the description to include `` medium flow '' in the title .
 Mustela baby products tend to be seen as middle or upper - shelve european cosmetics . At least I have seen them that way . I have bought and use bunch of them before reading labels for the first time . This one could n't be labeled paraben-free and contain hydrogenated fat-if it 's bad for human beings , does it matter which way it get into our system ? And it is made for babies . I will not buy it again . One star for nice `` performance '' in the bathtub , my daughter enjoyed the great and long lasting foam and colour .
 Mustela baby lotion was recommended to me by my pediatrician because my baby has extremely sensitive skin . I ordered the lotion and the massage oil online after reading great reviews and when I used these products on my baby she seemed to be okay , but I broke out into a horrible rash . The only thing that has caused such a problem for me in the past is sulfa drugs , and the ingredients in these products do not include , sulfa , so I do n't know what it is that caused the problem , but this is definitely NOT hypoallergenic.It has a very strong scent that I was n't very fond of as well . I would have tolerated the scent if I liked the products , but I ca n't imagine that anything with this heavy of a perfumed scent can be good for anyone ! It certainly irritated my skin !
 which is funny because I have another one in plain white which I love . Somehow this one does n't fit the crib properly ; it is too short .
 This sounds like a really great idea , but I 've used it once and will never again . It does n't quite fully cover the mattress and the edges curl up a little . That would be ok , but fussing with all the snaps is a pain and takes way too much time . I can take the mattress out of the crib and put a new mattress pad & sheet on in less time . I never really used bumpers w/my kids as they are n't considered safe once they can move , but when i did I found I only had to untie 2 sides of the crib and lift up the other to get the mattress out - so it was quick to do.I 'm still giving it a couple stars because if you have a very heavy mattress you do n't want to lift , or use bumpers for a long time this might be a worthwhile product for you .
 The set up and breakdown of the Arms Reach co-sleeper is next to impossible and very irritating to say the least .
 Our daughter is adopted and we did n't get much notice of her arrival . So we quickly bought the co-sleeper after reading all the great reviews while we waited for her crib to be delivered . We ended up also ordering the leg extensions -LRB- as our bed was too high for sleeper without them -RRB- , and the canopy -LRB- as we have 2 cats and were not sure how they would react to her -RRB- . So it ended up being a pricey purchase.Pros
 Just went to the ER today after I found my 4 month old with his face wedged in the corner.When I picked him up he was blue . -LRB- He is fine now but I am getting rid of the co-sleeper ! -RRB- This co-sleeper is not safe once they can wiggle around at all . My 4 month old can not roll over yet.In the past couple of days he began kicking his legs enough to move himself around.I believe his ability to move himself around coupled with the co-sleeper 's corner that is NOT mesh contributedto this horrible event . He could have died !
 I have a six month old baby and have limited free time , but found myself compelled to review this product . I was so excited to get it , then was quickly disappointed when I realized how poor the mattress was , creased and uneven -LRB- where it folds for portability -RRB- and only a thin inch or so of foam . It was also a pain to set up because you have to lift your mattress to get the straps underneath to secure it . Anyway I decided to keep it , a light baby would n't mind , I thought ... big mistake . It did n't help after c-section because it was difficult to bend down to get baby out , and messed up my wrist and caused me pain in my incision area . I would have been better off just getting out of bed , which I might add is made exceedingly difficult with this in the way ! My baby was 9 lbs , not overly large but he HATED this from day one . Out of desperation , I took to the dangerous practice of letting him sleep in the bed because he would n't sleep for more than an hour or so in it . Anyway , I quickly came to my senses and ordered the First Years Safe and Secure Sleeper and he loved it ! Finally I got some rest . He grew out of the safe and secure sleeper and once again I tried to use the co-sleeper bassinet ... with no better luck . So I bought a wonderful natural rubber non toxic mattress from Lifekind , inc. and set up his crib in my room , now he is close by and , FINALLY , sleeping like a baby!This product , while better than having baby away in another room all alone is really only useful for travel , a sort of small pack and play , of questionable sturdiness . I strongly warn against relying on it for anything else ! In my case since I did n't travel with him , it was nothing but frustration and a total waste of good money ! Maybe the regular size one is better I do n't know but do n't get the mini !
 Nice concept but you have to put the rails up in a certain order or they will NOT lock ! One of the pins in one of the top rails got stuck in ours and we had to cut the fabric to lock the rail . They should make the covering so that you can see the mechanism -LRB- a little Velcro would be a simple fix -RRB- . Instructions are not so helpful and a google search shows that many others have this same issue . I really thought my hubby was going to toss this thing out the window when we set it back up after a trip.It is not really even with the bed either so you still have to lift baby up and over a rail to feed and then back again . It 's the back again part that always wakes baby up on the return trip.Also be prepared to purchase extension legs because without them it was not tall enough for my average size bed . Also do not buy the overpriced sheets just slip a king size pillow case over the mattress ... they fit perfectly .
 This is a total piece of junk . Paid $ 150 for it and do n't think it 's worth $ 30 . Sketchy construction . Cheap plastic . Wobbly and very difficult to assemble when the locking mechanisms wo n't lock no matter what you do . Want to return but ca n't get it back into the box . Putting a baby in this contraption seems wrong . It 's a crappy product made for one thing ... taking your money !
 I bought this co-sleeper partially because I thought it was a great idea , but more because it was the only marketed `` co-sleeper '' available.In some of the reviews , parents expressed dislike regarding the mattress portion . I have to say , I found this readily confirmed!I have been using this for my daughter since day 1 . She 's now 17 lbs , and I ca n't use the co-sleeper anymore . The mattress portion has actually bowed in the middle since about 12 lbs , and we were n't prepared to buy anything else so we 've been forced to use it . It was rather uncomfortable for my baby and extremely inconvenient for me.Now we just use aChicco Lullaby LX - Adventure -LRB- Green / Beige -RRB- instead , though the height is n't as ideal for reaching over for her , our bed is high so it works pretty well for now ... and she finds it A LOT more comfortable . -LRB- Chicco Lullaby LX - Adventure -LRB- Green / Beige -RRB- has a really nice quilted , padded mat . It 's sectioned too , and built in such a way that it does n't bow . Arm 's Reach should take some notes ! -RRB- I 'm really disappointed that the only co-sleeper that I could find is so poorly made . It discourages co-sleeping by being the only readily available , yet so inferior quality product . The only reason I gave it two stars was the height adjustment option , the wheels , and the option to pull down the one side . That was great , but unfortunately does not outweigh the disadvantages of the co-sleeper . I will not use or buy ever again .
 I am not fond of `` some assembly required '' types of purchases , because more times than not , the instructions are n't very well done . But after experiencing the instructions for this Co-Sleeper , I may never complain again , because they set a new negative standard for IMPOSSIBLY BAD . I 'm surprised that other people 's reviews have n't mentioned it.It 's flat-out inconceivable that the company ever `` tested '' these instructions by having a novice try to use them to assemble a unit from scratch . Steps are left out , and many of the diagrams are laughably unhelpful , shown from the wrong angle , etc. . The sole entertainment the instructions provided was when I would suddenly realize exactly what they 'd left out , by figuring it out myself that a mystery tab -LRB- unmentioned in the document -RRB- needed to be depressed to move the top bar , or that connector rods needed to be used for the floor of the mattress . And my wife , in the other room , was wondering why I 'd be breaking out into spells of maniacal laughter at moments like that . It took me a couple of hours of head-scratching to finish the assembly , which is ridiculous for a unit like this.I will never buy a product from this company again . They should n't be allowed to ship the units with instructions that are this poorly done .
 Bought this from a local retailer where we live . The device sits well by our raised bed and is at a comfortable level where we can see our son sleep and address his needs during the night . This product is sold under the premise that it is portable . It comes with a travel bag and when collapsed it looks like a Pack-n-Play . The problem we had is in setting it up and breaking it down . The locking system for the horizontal bars did not lock on the first attempt . In fact there were times when I was shaking the device just to get the horizontal bars to lock . Then going to unlock them to collapse the system was even harder . They have labels on the side that tell you where to squeeze to collapse the bars , but that does n't always work . In trying to close this I ended up breaking one of the plastic wheels on the bottom.In short if you are getting this I suggest that you do n't try to use it as a portable device . Just struggle with opening it up and leave it alone .
 This is a well-designed and constructed co-sleeper , and in principal a brilliant idea . The only problem is , my almost two-week-old baby absolutely refuses to sleep in it . We 're keeping it for now and trying to introduce him to it a little at a time , but in the meantime are finding much better success with the much cheaper Fisher Price Rock n Play sleeper . This may yet come in handy as he grows , but so far , it 's just serving as an over-priced changing table . Better luck to others !
 It could be that I had a bad unit , but never in my life have I seen a more carelessly designed piece of equipment . Let me count the ways that this unit fails :1 . The `` collapsible '' feature results in a unit that 's nigh impossible to assemble , tear-down , and re-assemble without major irritation . This is due to the fact that the unit uses a poorly manufactured -LRB- and poorly labeled -RRB- bar locking unlocking system . Think of it as two short pieces of aluminium tubing with a pugnacious troll wedged in between . You can ONLY get the bars to lock if you hold the tubing j-u-s-t right . Otherwise , one side will lock first , and try as hard as you can , the other side will not lock . You have to unlock one side and try again ... they must lock simultaneously or you fail . The solution here would be to make the cloth covering the locking mechanism removable . That way , you could see what was going on . Alas , that 's not how it works .2 . The unlock `` buttons '' are impossible to find and very difficult to push . I 'm a reasonably strong guy -LRB- at least I think I am -RRB- - I do n't have trouble opening jars , working with my tools , etc. , - but pressing the unlock buttons on the arms of this device require quite a bit of effort . So much so that I have numb points of whitened flesh on the tip of each my thumbs -- imprints from the force I had to apply to the buttons to get them to release and unlock during my latest attempt to assemble this thing .3 . I do n't see how I would collapse and then reassemble this bassinet with any sort of frequency , let alone my wife and my parents . Perhaps with practice I could get good at this , but I 'm concerned no one else has the hand strength needed to break it down.Quite frankly , I 'm amazed that this device is even available for sale . It 's main feature - that it 's supposedly mobile - is completely disappointing . The only conclusion I can draw is either that a -RRB- I got a bad unit , which is hard to believe considering I had the same lock/unlock problem on all three top bars or b -RRB- none of the other reviewers use the `` collapsible '' feature with any sort of frequency.For all of these reasons , I do not recommend you buy this item - at least if you need something that actually collapses . It 's going back to the store.NOTE
 In full disclosure , I never used this product for our baby . The co-sleeper did n't fit our platform bed and it would have been too much of a pain to lift our particular bed up high enough to use the co-sleeper function . This is not why I gave it two stars , however , because making the product fit our bed is in some ways our problem -LRB- although it would be nice if Arm 's Reach considered this issue -RRB- . We returned the item because when I took it out of the box and its carrying case the chemical smell hit me like a brick . I thought I 'd set it up and let it off-gass for a few weeks but when I put my nose to the mattress/upholstery not much had changed . There have been links between chemical off-gassing and SIDS and it just was n't worth it to me to take the risk . Furthermore , we ordered the Arm 's Reach organic mattress but it lacks a stiff backing -- Arm 's Reach actually wants you to put their organic mattress on top of the original mattress , which negates the entire purpose of an organic mattress . And then try to find mini co-sleeper organic sheets that fit the system = not so easy.I would have given this 1 star but I like the idea of a co-sleeper that snuggles up to a bed . Great idea . Too bad the product is pretty toxic .
 Strong chemical/perfume odor . My husband , son and I could n't stand it !! Very malodorous , will be returning and going back to Aveeno products or other .
 the seal was broken . the tube leaked . disappointed.the shampoo is the best product in the world . I would strongly suggest to everyone
 I love the lotion , but this wash does not smell good at all . I 'm surprised other ratings have n't said anything about it . I will stick to burt 's bees body wash , i love it 's scent and continue to buy mustela lotion .
 This wash is VERY perfumy ! It made my eyes burn just smelling it so I was not comfortable using it on my baby . The only reason I gave it one star is that it did seem effective to getting rid of cradle cap ... But I could not get over the smell ...
 I bought this b/c I heard good things about this brand . Too drying and overpriced . I do n't recommend it at all
 These bottles are made of a very cheap plastic . One of the nipples was missing when the product arrived . I would not recommend them at all .
 These bottles are not that good.FYI When I purchased these online I bought two of the 3-packs . The nipples are really small and flimsy compared to other bottle nipples , and my son had a difficult time latching onto them , tho he probably would have gotten used to them.For some reason the first 3 pack of bottles that I bought got a really bad smell after only one use , that no amount of washing or boiling could get rid of , so I had to throw them away.The second pack of bottles had a really bad chemical smell that did n't go away after boiling or washing them , so I ended up throwing them away without ever using them.The only good thing about these bottles is that they did NOT leak at all.Also , if the bottles were actually usable , and hence not a waste of money , the price would have been good -- not too high at all .
 I have been a avid fan of Mustela since my now 10 year old was born . Now I have a 20 month old and have used Mustela since she was born . She has a lot of hair and it tends to get tangled . Unfortunately Mustela does n't have a detangler so I bought this little sample set thinking maybe I would try something new -LRB- they have a detangler -RRB- and based on other reviews I thought it would smell good . As one review said `` It smells so sweet -LRB- just like a baby should smell ! -RRB- '' Well sure if you want your baby to smell like she/he took a bath in a bunch of `` old lady '' perfume and then rolled around in a vat of baby powder ! It is horrible ! The only positive thing I can say is that it did make her hair very silky and soft but so does Mustela . Lucky I am a prime member and had some Mustela shipped immediately . I am glad I only bought the sample set . I ended up not having to pay for it because I had a $ 15 promo code , but I feel like I wasted it on this . I will stick with Mustela . Just wish they had a detangler .
 i bought it for my 4 month old son who has what seems like a severe case of eczema and dry skin , so like every concerned mother i have been trying and testing out any product hoping it will help his skin , or suits him best , unfortunately this one didnt work on him like i expected , moreover it made him smell a bit girly , the sweet almond oil reminded me of an asian indian sweet store LOL!but the packaging was nice and pretty , tiny like travel sized , and smells sweet ; if you have a little doll : -RRB-
 I purchased these sheets at Babies R Us for my 3 year-old . I could barely get them on the bed before washing them and after the first wash , it was almost impossible to get them back on the bed . The fabric even ripped after trying to make the bed . The sheets came out of the wash extremely wrinkled and I would say they felt kind of like sandpaper . I would not recommend these sheets at all .
 Not at all happy with these sheets . They barely fit on the bed - even before being washed for the first time . Afterwards , it is nearly impossible to get around all 4 corners . I get quite the workout ! The sheets are constantly wrinkled and are thin and seem cheap . I stopped putting them on my son 's bed entirely . Fairly cheap , but still not worth it .
 I liked this sheet set at first but then after a few washings , the fitted sheet shrunk and barely fits on the mattress . I am now shopping for new sheets !! Although I did like that the flat sheet was fitted on one side so it does stay on nicely . I just wish it did n't shrink !!
 First , this is the cheapest sheet ever !!! Its a fitted sheet , and it ripped as I was putting it on the bed !!! Then they had the balls to send it back to me saying its missing pieces ??? I do n't think so !! What kind of a company does that ???? Im going to be sending this back and getting my money back !!!!
 We have many allergies in our house , and the scent on these cloths is one of them . Would be great if these were fragrance free , but as is they are unusable for us and possibly dangerous to those with more severe allergies . Caution to those .
 I bought this product mainly because my daughter has fair , sensitive skin , which most facial wipes cause her minor irritation . This product worked very well as far as thoroughly cleaning her face , hands etc. . It did not irritate her skin at all ... the problem , the one and only problem , is the fragrance , if you can call it that . It stinks so bad , I did not want to go near her after I wiped her down ... I had to give her a bath , it was so bad .
 I purchased this product and wish I had paid attention to the one negative review it received . This wedge comes in two pieces and it does have a zipper down the middle . The zipper , although on the back , still pokes out and can harm a child . This is so poorly made I am shocked they try to sell it ! Moms out there , please beware when purchasing this exact product !
 I got this for my 3 week old to help with gas/reflux but she kept sliding sideways down it and would wake up screaming in weird positions . Totally not safe for little ones !!!!
 I do n't like this product for two reasons . Number one , whenever my baby wiggles or moves he starts to slide down or into an awkward angled position so that eventually he ends up either with just his head on the wedge or he 's lying completely perpendicular to where I placed him which defeats the purpose of the product . It needs something additional to help keep baby in place . Second , I do n't like vinyl type covers on baby mattresses because they do n't allow the baby 's skin to breathe and he end 's up with his back covered in sweat . This wedge is has a plastic cover and does just that . I returned this .
 I got this as my baby had reflux . She would slide down even if she moves a little in her sleep . I guess you could just use a hard pillow you have at home instead of wasting money on this .
 the sleeping wedge is a waste of money . my 4 month old had an issue with coughing at night . this was recemmended to us as a possible solution . however , the wedge simply made him roll sideways down the crib and was never effective . also , since the foam comes in two pieces and the case for it zips up the seam in the middle , there seemed to be a bit of a gap in the middle of the `` pillow '' . this did not work for us and was a waste of money and hope .
 I purchased this item from Target and had to return it to the store . The wedge comes in 2 pieces of foam , and the foam is inserted into the cover . The foam is n't the problem , it 's the cover . The zipper goes right down the middle , so it ca n't be comfortable for the baby to lay with the zipper poking out under their head/neck . I would recommend the crib wedge that comes in one piece . If the zipper were on the side , the product would be great !
 After reading the reviews , I decided to risk it and buy the product . Unfortunately , I got the two pieces of foam with the zippered cover . It was not expensive enough to deal with the hassle of returning it . It is impossible to get the two pieces of foam to line up well and very difficult to get them into the cover . It also does not fit smoothly under the crib sheet . There is a little &#34; bump &#34; where the wedge meets the mattress .
 You will receive two pieces of thermocol and a zipper bag . You need to stuff these pieces into the bag which will make it a split bed -LRB- uneven -RRB- for your baby . I believe the reason they send you two pieces is to reduce the cost of transportation . The baby will slide on this piece of junk as well as there are no belts to it.Bottomline
 I bought this product due to my childs acid reflux and when I initially put her down she would remain where I placed her . After a few hours of tossing and turning , I would find her pinned against the side of the crib/playpen . She would always roll off . I would n't recommend this products because it just does n't work .
 I purchased the wedge to help with my baby 's spit-up issues and did n't realize it is supposed to go under the sheet , not under the mattress . The doc 's office says they do n't really stand behind that since nothing is supposed to be in the crib . Also , my baby had trouble sleeping when I tried it . Not sure if it was just that she was n't used to it or because of the separation/zipper in the middle of it making her uncomfortable . I tried putting it under the mattress instead and my baby was sideways in the crib from rolling down . I think it raised it too much . I just gave up on it . I would suggest saving the money and trying rolling up towels under the mattress !
 Purchased this item since my daughter has acid reflux and can not sleep laying flat . I was unsure how she would do with it so we just tried it at nap time . Everytime we put her down it would n't take her long to slide down and almost into the bumper -LRB- she is only a month old -RRB- . Even if we took the bumper out I am not going to let her slide down and hit her head on the railings . This product is a waste of money !
 It really upsets me that this product is sold for babies when it is a piece of flame retardant treated foam covered in vinyl . I will keep looking for a different product to use for my baby 's crib , and I hope enough people will refuse to buy unsafe products so that manufacturers start providing us with better options .
 i did not get this product from this website but a similar item was given to me as a present Thank goodness i did n't use it because it was recalled . Babies were rolling over and suffocating . Just wanted to pass on the warning
 I was thinking about returning this but then I realized that I 'd bought it too long ago to send it back . The wedge is two pieces of foam inside a cover -- it comes with one half inside the cover and you have to put the other half in yourself . It 's hard to get it exactly flush with the other half , which means that once it 's in there you can feel that one half is higher than the other where they meet , right down the middle of the wedge , so I ca n't lay my baby down right in the middle . My other complaint is that my baby slides right off this thing and ends up sleeping at the bottom of the wedge , cross-ways in the crib . So he 's not even using the wedge when he sleeps . I gave it two stars instead of 1 because when I swaddle him he can stay on it longer before sliding off . So far I do n't think this thing was worth the money . I got this in case he spits up in his sleep , and because this thing does n't work I would still be nervous about him sleeping on his back if I did n't have a motion sensor in his crib too . I 'm hoping that once he gets a little bigger he 'll be able to stay on it better somehow .
 This comes folded in half and you have to put it inside it 's vinyl case and when I was doing that , and I was being careful , the vinyl case tore along the zipper seam . That was disappointing . Unfortunately , my son did n't like it so I have nothing to say regarding its effectiveness as advertised . I 'll say that it 's a poorly made product .
 My daughter has reflux and we purchased this wedge in the hopes that she 'd be comfortable sleeping on her back in the crib while slightly elevated . This is not helpful . We placed it under her sheets and mattress cover but all my daughter did was slide right down or off to the side . You can probably get the same effect from strategically folding towels . I would n't recommend this to help your baby with reflux sleep.Ultimately , we purchased the the Fisher Price Rock 'n Play for our daughter instead after reading a bunch of reviews from parents with refluxy babies and our daughter LOVES it . It sits at an angle , cuddles the child 's sides , and allows you to physically rock the baby back and forth as she goes to sleep . Unhappily , our girl loves it so much that she 's still sleeping in it at 8 months and we ca n't figure out how to get her to a crib -- but the wedge is n't the way to do it .
 I wanted the one piece wedge described in this listing . I purchased this and received the two piece item other reviewers have complained about . There is a seperate listing for a two piece product and I specifically wanted the one piece . I ended up buying it at another store and will return this .
 I should have read the reviews first . Like everyone said , this is a two piece foams , uneven in height , leaving a gap in the middle where the baby head lies . It 's cheap , but save your $ 12 this product is garbage .
 Did nothing for our babies with severe reflux , except cause them to scoot down in the crib . Definately not recommended for preemies but even after our babies were over 10 pounds , we found this useless .
 This does its job of lifting my daughter 's head during short naps ... during longer sleep periods she just rolls to the bottom and ends up laying flat . The product info does not tell you that this is foldable and has a zipper in the middle ... which means that there is a really hard , uncomfortable bump in the middle of the bottom where the zipper ends . Baby has to be placed to one side and not in the middle of the crib to avoid lying on the bump . Also , the width is narrower than my crib mattress , so there are unsafe gaps at the sides . Not good since baby has to be placed closer to the side . And since there is nothing to secure the wedge to the mattress , a tight crib sheet makes this scoot away from the head of the crib , leaving an unsafe gap there , too . Overall , I 'm pretty disappointed , but at least it was cheap -LRB- and a gift -RRB- . I 'll keep using it until I find something better . Notice that another person posted a picture showing the two different versions of this wedge ... I would suggest finding a store to buy at rather than ordering from Amazon , since you do n't know which one they will actually send you . The foldable one is no good !
 I got this because my newborn did n't like to sleep on his back and kept spitting up and did n't sleep . The first night I tried this he managed to slide off of it and ended up turned sideways . I stopped using it because I did n't want him to roll on his tummy and not be able to breathe . I think it might be too much of a incline for a 1 mo. old .
 Our 3 month old daughter has horrible GERD since birth . She 's on meds , special formula , cereal added , we keep her upright for feedings and for an hour afterwards , etc. . We were able to raise the head of the bassinet which she quickly outgrew , but not the new crib . Our pediatrician whose son also had severe GERD basically said good luck because she 's going to probably have to sleep in her swing until she 's a year old . No way do I want to do that ! It 's fine for a nap , but she never sleeps as deeply in her swing and she really needs to be trained on good sleep habits like all other kids or she 'll have problems all her life -LRB- and I 'm speaking from experience , I had her same issues as a kid and have had lifelong insomnia -- now I know why -RRB- . This under the mattress is working well for us for right now . During the transition from the bassinet , we had to put this in the middle of the crib for a few nights with a towel around her to keep her from sliding down and from freaking out . The first night we did n't do this and it was a disaster even though we 'd introduced her to the crib earlier with no problems . She moved in her sleep and when she could n't figure out where the heck she was with all this space and even with my picking her up immediately -LRB- we co-sleep in the same room with her -RRB- she screamed and fretted for a good hour -LRB- staring at me as if she wanted to make sure it WAS Momma and nothing else had changed ! so sad but adorable at the same time ! -RRB- . When I went to remake the crib once she was used to it -LRB- we just kept spreading the towel around her until she was used to the extra room , it took 3 nights -RRB- and I moved the wedge up , there was a VERY unsafe gap . While someone -LRB- MIL ... sigh -RRB- suggested that if I * had * to ` mess with it ' to just roll up towels , but this is so not a good idea . Very dangerous ! Instead I put this under the mattress and it solved the problem even if the angle does n't seem to be quite as high . As far as wedges go , this is a decent price although the price fits the cheap quality -LRB- two pieces and it off gases terribly -RRB- . We 're going to replace this as soon as we find something that works better -LRB- and is safer and made with better materials -RRB- . So yes , it works , but I ca n't recommend it .
 I ignored the previous reviews which stated that the zipper ripped when assembling the item ; but I wish I had n't ! They were right ! Mine most definetly had a zipper , and it BROKE when I placed the wedge inside . Cheap price , cheap product . I do not recommend this item to anyone .
 I am not exaggerating - this stupid wedge almost killed my 2 month old ! We wrap a blanket around the edges of the crib , as the hospital taught us to do , so that it does not move . We did that on the first night using the wedge . To my absolute horror , my baby slid down the wedge and his entire head was trapped underneath the blanket . He was swaddled so could do nothing about it . HE COULD HAVE SUFFOCATED !!! This seemingly innocuous product should be removed from the market . I wanted to help my baby sleep , not kill him . Days later and I am still sick to my stomach over it .
 I bought this thinking that it was as large as a bed , since it is pictured covering an entire bed . When I received it in the mail , it was a huge disappointment . It is rough and scratchy , tiny , and not worth th $ 30 something that I paid for it .
 I tought it would be more soft , but it is kind of rough . Did n't like it .
 The fabric used for this blanket is not soft and cuddly like a baby blanket should be . The design is very nice but the quality leaves alot to be desired !
 My husband and I purchased two of these gates for the top of the stairs in our house -LRB- we have two sets of stairs -RRB- about six months ago . We thought that this gate was the perfect gate , until both handles snapped within two weeks of each other . When my husband lifted the handle to open the first gate we heard a loud crack . It appears that the handle snapped inside , so it is impossible too fix . We emailed `` The First Years '' in regars to our problem and they were happy to send us a new gate , however we had to send the handle in to be inspected first . That was understandable , but what do we do for a gate until our new one gets shipped . Then the second gate handle snapped four days ago when my sister-in-law tried to open it . At that point we decided that we would be better off spending some money on new gates all together , and we told `` The First Years '' to keep there gates . We purchased the `` Evenflo '' top of stairs gate and they seem great so far , as long as they are installed properly .
 I love this gates design . Its Perfect for my litte monkeys who always manage to crawl over the other gates . I had my first one for 1 month then the little plastic piece under the handle broke . Not from misuse just using it daily . Got a replacement . Had it sitting upright leaning against the wall and it got knocked down . It broke again somthing inside was ratteling and it wouldnnt stay closed at all . I 'm so disappointed . It would be perfect if it was durable so I returned it last night .
 I bought this gate for the pressure mounting features.I did n't want to make holes in my walls.I read the great reviews and thought it was worth the pricely investment . Now , I totally agree with the complaints of this gate in some of the reviews about the gate not being so functional . Pressure mounting is fine , but you have to keep spinning the pressure knobs to resecuring it -LRB- takes a while and is a pain -RRB- . It get 's to the point where you do n't even want to go through the gated area . I bought 2 gates and 1 broke within 2 days using the pressure mounting technique . The screw came off on the inside of the gate . So that gate was a loss . The height of the gate is too high for an adult to step over too . I 'd recommend this gate if you want to use the hardware mounting -LRB- making holes in your wall -RRB- or if you plan on using it in an area that you do n't need to get in and out of then pressure mounting is perfect . I now have the basic EvenFlo pressure mount wooden gates -LRB- yes think of the generic ones -RRB- and it does the job for $ 12.00 !
 I had high hopes for this gate . We bought it to keep our son from reaching through the bars to tease our cat , but since our doorway has baseboards , he simply reached under it . While I appreciate the unique design , we found it wobbly and difficult to install tightly in the doorway when used as a pressure gate . Oh , and our son also figured out how to raise the latch the first day -LRB- he 's 20 months -RRB- . I 'm returning it today .
 We just got this installed and ca n't wait to take it down ! We had to mount and paint additional hardware at the top of our stairs to accommodate it , making it less than easy to insall . Once up , -LRB- several hours due to poor directions -RRB- I was eager to swing it open . That part was easy . The challenging part is closing it . You have to line it up -LRB- top & bottom -RRB- just perfectly with the handle in the up positon in order to close it . This amounted to lining up the top positioner okay , but needed a foot to kick the bottom one into place . You ca n't just `` close it '' and walk away . I ca n't imagine doing so with an armful of laundry or my 9 month old in my arms . I 'm heading out to buy a different type of gate today ! It 's only redeeming qualities are its esthetics .
 This is the third safety gate that I have bought through Amazon.com , the second of this type . The first was a wall extension gate purchased from The First Years that came bent . I did n't want to make an issue of it at the time , as my husband bent it back and we are using it . I also bought two of this type that I have purchased through Amazon.com . The first one I placed at the bottom of my stairs which took my husband , a general contractor , over an hour to install , admittedly , because of our stairs . The second gate , my husband opened this morning to find the parts broken which could not have been done during shipping . Since only one of the three gates came intact , I think other customers should be made aware to check their gates as soon as they get them for broken parts and bent rods , especially when you are dealing with the safety of your children . I am suprised that a baby company like `` Babies R Us '' does not have better control of the quality of their suppliers . I will think twice about buying any future safety items for my child on line from The First Years .
 First , I am upset that there was nothing that described the gate . The see through feature is a sheet of cheap plastic . There 's hardware you have to mount . Then if you have floor mounting on the bottom of your wall , you ca n't place the hardware . Then , the return policy was five days from the day THEY shipped it out . There was definitely NOTHING that told me that when I ordered it.I have n't used it , and I hate it .
 We bought this gate for the top of our stairs . It was more difficult than expected to mount but once it was up it work well for the first few months . My brother and 16 yr old son have rooms in the basement and probably use the gate most . After about 3 months the gate was difficult to align which is required to get it to latch . The rubber feet on the latching side for the pressure mount started to tear off and now the bottom one wo n't retract when you pull the handle up so you have to kick it to get it in or out of the pressure mount cup on the wall . The gate was replaced with a metal walk thru gate last night , hope we have better luck with this one . We are keeping the gate to use in other doorways without the swing mount feature .
 After watching my one-year-old tumble down the entire staircase -LRB- no real injury , thank God ! -RRB- , I 've decided the design flaws in this gate are severe enough to note in an online review.First , I must note that the hardware-mounted gate was open when the fall occurred . But , since she is capable of climbing down the stairs safely , this is not unusual . We retain the gate to block off the upstairs / downstairs when needed , not purely for safety any longer.What happened , though , is that she stood up and pushed against the gate which swung Through its catch , out over the stairway . Unsurprisingly she overbalanced and went with it.This is my analysis of the design flaws :1 -RRB- The mounted catches - little cup-shaped socket dohickeys designed to mate with the rubber-tipped and adjustable pressure extensions on the gate - are designed to be `` sort of '' one way . That is , you mount them such that the lip is a little lower on the side where you want the gate to swing , and a little higher on the side where you do n't . Solution
 I purchased this gate for the bottom of my stair case to keep my dogs from going upstairs into my infant 's room . I bought this gate because it has a pressure mounting system and a proper gate door . I need to be able to open the gate while carrying my baby , but I currently rent a home and I am not permitted to drill holes into the walls so the gate has to be pressure mounted . When we went to install the gate we realized the gate door only swings open if the gate is affixed to the wall using the hardware provided . When you use the pressure mounting feature the gate door does not swing open . It 's a nice , well constructed gate , but I ca n't hop over the gate holding my baby every time I want to go upstairs . So if you rent your home and you ca n't use the mounting hardware , and you want to use the gate door feature , do n't buy this gate .
 My brother in-law bought one of these for his baby . I noticed that the screws were almost ripping out of the wall , I figured it was more than likely because he just drilled the screws into the sheet rock and did n't use the plastic sheetrock pieces that come for the screws . Well , I went ahead and bought it and installed it the right way . It 's been 3 months since installation . The damn door never stays put in place , I constantly have to re-adjust it and the stupid screws are still coming off the wall , no matter what I do . I re-adjusted the door , screwed it into the wood this time , and now the door is still loose , never stays in place unless I force it into place . So ... beware . Skip this if you can , get a metal door gate instead . Those are much better than this one .
 We have the All Clear Swing Gate -LRB- hardware-mounted , not pressure-mounted -RRB- installed at the top of our basement stairs . Earlier this evening , I opened the lock , and as the gate swung out over the stairs , the top hinge snapped off the wall and the gate tipped away under my hand.Fortunately , enough of my weight was behind me that I was able to correct my balance -LRB- just ! -RRB- and did not fall headfirst down the stairs . But it was a close thing . An inch or a pound or a second either way and I -- or , god forbid , one of our children -- would certainly have been badly injured . While I was taking a photograph of the broken hinge , the gate itself , which was hanging precariously by its remaining hinge , fell off and tumbled down the stairs.The gate has been in place for six weeks , but has only been in actual use for a tiny fraction of that time as we have been out of the house for five of those weeks . NB this was a product failure , not an installation fault . The screws are still firmly attached to the wall , along with what remains of the plastic flanges around the appropriate holes in the hinge.I purchased the gate after reading the enthusiastic reviews here , but after my experience tonight , I would not recommend that anybody buy this gate , ever . -LRB- The review gives one star , because NO stars is not an option -RRB- . And I would expect to see a product recall very soon .
 This gate broke about a month after we bought it - it no longer maintained the width you set it to . We called customer service and they informed us we that it was still under warranty , but we would have to break the handle off -LRB- a nightmare itself -RRB- and send it back at our expense.There are much better options .
 Really liked this gate ... while it lasted . We had it for about 1 year and then the internal mechanisms broke and we were not able to fix it . Bummer !
 The gate itself is sturdy , it 's the opening and closing it that makes this gate bad . There are many different steps to opening the gate . This would not be a gate to use in a high traffic area . Not worth the money , I recommend the safety 1st gate which is a similar design .
 We have a first years gate from the 90s and it still works well so when we needed an additional safety gate we chose this one . The pressure mount did not work for us at all and the clear window on the gate seems very flimsy . We returned it .
 We bought this gate from Babies R Us last month and installed it in our home as a hardware-mounted swing gate . After just a couple of weeks of use , the top plastic hinge snapped off from the wall , leaving only the two screws in the wall . I was surprised by how easily the part broke . We like the design so we have requested a replacement part from the company . Fortunately , we did not install at the top of our stairs - seeing how easily it snapped from the wall , I would not recommend installing the gate at the top of any stairs .
 I bought this gate so that my 18 month old could have room time , thinking that it would be impossible for him to climb . I only used it as a pressure-mounted gate and it was easy to put up . However , he managed to scale the side of it and was straddling the gate crying when I checked on him . To the gate 's credit , it did not fall under the pressure of his weight , but it does not serve it 's purpose - and is not safe - if he can climb it ! I am returning it today !
 I bought this gate and had it harware mounted in my hall . It was easy to install and use , but the adjustment for the width broke in about 5 weeks . Its just 2 screws into chinsy plastic ! If they fixed this little flaw it would be a great gate !
 The picture of this gate makes it seem as if it would be easy to get by it using one hand to open and close it . Not true . We are very disappointed . You ca n't step over it and you ca n't open it with one hand with a baby in your arms . It is only good for an opening that you do n't need to get past easily . But if you put it at the top of your stairs and you 're trying to get down the stairs with a child in one arm and one free arm , it is useless . I do not recommend it and ca n't figure out why it got such good ratings .
 I bought 2 of these gates the same day . I liked this gate because it is more attractive than the other gates that I have seen . After about a week , one of the gates lost all tension on one side . I realized this after my son fell backwards when pulling on the gate . The store -LRB- babiesrus -RRB- would not take it back because I did n't have the receipt and did n't have the original box . So I am stuck with a wobbly gate . If I have to use it at all , it is as a deterrant only and I must keep an eye on my son . I would not buy this gate unless they fix the problem with the tension , because I see that I am not the only person who has experienced this .
 The product is a waste of money , not to mention the company has a horrible return policy . Stay away from this item .
 Our daughter had experienced a series of ear infections this winter , so we were excited to read about the potential of this product online -LRB- I believe it was on Dr. Sears ' site -RRB- . According to the instructions , you have to put the EarCheck through an initial verification test , presumably to confirm that the product is functioning properly prior to using on your child . Well , despite following the instructions exactly and trying about ten different times , our EarCheck failed the verification test and ended up going straight back to Amazon . Needless to say , our high hopes for this product ended up in complete disappointment and a total waste of time .
 This product did not work - said fluid unlikely - and thus no ear infection - two times when my son had really bad ear infections in both ears ! And when I asked for a refund they just gave me a new Ear check as a replaceent and sad they could not give me my money back
 My daughter had both eardrums rupture at 5 months , which is very rare and so I purchased this product . I thought it was working fine b/c several times I 'd taken her in for a suspected ear infection and the doctor 's would tell me she was fine - no fluid or infection . So I continued to use the monitor , this month my daughter had one eardrum rupture and the other had fluid but no infection and my monitor always gave a reading of level one as before . So clearly this product did n't catch any fluid and an eardrum that ruptured the day after I checked it with the ear check monitor . I am now going to purchase a Dr. Mom 's Otoscope and hope I have better results .
 Works great on adults but is worthless for kids as it wo n't fit in their ear well enough to get an accurate reading .
 Our daughter had experienced a series of ear infections this winter , so we were excited to read about the potential of this product online -LRB- I believe it was on Dr. Sears ' site -RRB- . According to the instructions , before you use the EarCheck , you have to put it through an initial verification test , presumably to confirm that the product is functioning properly prior to using on your child . Well , despite following the instructions exactly and trying about ten different times , our EarCheck failed the verification test and ended up going straight back to Amazon . Needless to say , our high hopes for the EarCheck ended up in complete disappointment and a total waste of time .
 Sorry to say this blanket is not very nice . I love the idea but the organic cotton side is a thin scratchy flannel , not at all soft or smooth . The other side is a synthetic satin that looks a great deal cheaper quality in real life than in the photo . The color is not silky smoky green but rather a very slimy polyester lining kind of fabric in spring green . I do n't get it at all . What 's the point of an organic side when the extremely unorganic satin side is the only one you 'd want next to your newborn 's skin ?
 I thought this would be a great transitional diaper bag . I was mistaken . It is SMALL . There was barely any room in it . I had enough room for an outfit change , a couple diapers and some wipes . I had to squeeze a color book and a couple tiny toys in it to entertain my kiddo . I used it for a month before upgrading to a bag that I found on sale at Target . For the space that you get in this bag , you 'd be better off carrying a reusuable grocery bag !
 This sheet arrived in a nice bright green color . I just washed it once and the color has faded already . I just did a gentle wash cycle and line dried it . The measurements are good for a std crib mattress and the material soft .
 Just be warned these do not have the hard lip that the expandable 8-10 oz liners have so it 's a careful process of holding these loose baggies in the bottle with your hands while filling them up . The hard edge liners stay in place while you fill them and never slip through the cylinder . I 'm not a fan of these old fashion liners . I wish they made the hard edged liners in 8 oz sized , but they do n't .
 I bought 2 boxes of 4oz liners and 2 boxes of 8oz liners and i absolutely hate them . I have both the premium nurser bottles and the standard bottles , and when I use these liners they do n't hold true to the ounce markings . I even use a real bottle that has true markings for ounces , and will put the water in there before filling the nurser bottle with this liner . Its almost as i the bottle is n't wide enough . And if I use the 4oz bottle with this liner and try to put in two scoops of formula and you can BARELY fit one scoop in ! I received some preformed when I bought both sets of bottles and did n't try them at first since I had the other liners , but now that I 've had so many difficulties with these liners - I 'm using the preformed and I love them . So I guess I 'll be giving away these liners !
 Although some reviews mention storing milk in the liners and the box directly says you can store breast milk in these liners I have no idea how you would do that because there is no closure on these liners . DO NOT buy for breast milk storage .
 I am amazed by the positive reviews this item has gotten because I can usually count on Amazon reviewers not to lead me astray . I am a fan of Playtex . I used the Drop Ins for my now 4 year old DD and now again for my infant DS . I also have their breast pump , which I love . I erroneously ordered this item when I wanted the 8oz Drop Ins . It is dreadful . The good news
 I usually get the preformed liners but decided to try these . I hate them . My husband hates them . And truthfully my daughter didnt like them . Plus regardless of what it says it doesnt hold 8 oz . I will never buy these again .
 so far i tried the 4 and 10 oz liners and i was happy with them , but I decided to give this 8 oz liner a chance , it was a huge mistake . first than all , there is no way to keep the milk inside this package , it spills all the time , we have to keep it complete vertical but how I am suppose to feed my baby with a vertical liner ??
 I bought these because they were cheaper and I thought I was getting the other drop-in liners . Obviously I did n't read the description well . I tried them anyways but I could n't get them to fit the bottle well . They will work , but after 5 mins of fooling with them trying to stretch them over the bottle . Returning for refund .
 I bought this thinking they would actually be better than the drop-ins however they are not . They leak and are horrible ! Will not use .
 I guess I did n't read close enough or something because I expect the solid ringed droppings but these are on a roll and have to be stretched over the mouth of the bottle . I used them because I would throw them away and they could n't be returned since the box arrived very damaged -LRB- purchased with many other things and amazon did n't pack well -RRB- but I would never ever buy these again they were a huge pain .
 These are certainly not good when compared to the ones with the rim around . I have been using Playtex liners with rim from day1 and I have always used the storage rings directly to put the nipple on . It helped me push the air easily Vs pushing air from inside the case . Now these type of thin liners without rim and bottom can not be used .
 I used these exclusively with my first baby -LRB- 10 years ago -RRB- . I think that was the only kind they made back then ! I thought they were fine then . For baby # 2 , I bought a roll of these . Then I saw the Drop In liners at the store . They are so much easier to use , they never leak , and are easier to measure in . The drop-ins are not as portable -LRB- like in a diaper bag -RRB- but the convenience and ease of use they have wins me over . I would buy the drop-ins instead of these .
 The stuff I get looks totally different with the website 's picture , and small , I do n't think it is convenient . I feel I was cheated seriously
 These are very flimsy liners that are hard to install on the bottles . I filled the first two about halfway each and they leaked as soon as I took them out of the fridge . I lost about eight ounces of milk , which is quite a bit when you 're pumping . I will never buy these again !
 I thought I was getting the bags . What I got was a role of plastic with writing on it . Supposedly they are bags you can put into the bottle but I could not understand the directions and do n't see how it is possible that they could stay in and hold fluid . They also did not look like the picture here . The box was different . I should have returned it right away but I pulled one out to try and figure out how they worked in the hopes of salvaging my purchase .
 This cream use to be wonderful ! I loved using it as a facial moisturizer , however they recently reformulated their cream and it is no longer the same . The `` new '' cream has added canola oil to it and the calendula extract is no longer the second ingredient , It 's way down on the list now along with other added chemical ingredients that were never on the first version . I also noticed when I used this for the first time my face started to sting . I never had that problem with the old cream . I just do n't understand why companies have to change things when they were perfect from the start !
 I did n't have the same luck with this as everyone else did . My daughter kept slidding under this . I thank God she was only sleeping on a low bed because she fell out twice before I removed it . You need a lot of room in a bed for this to possibly work . It might work better if the middle was secured to the bed which is does not.I do n't think I will use it again . It was a waste of money . And definately a risk for children in normal height beds.A portable bed rail is much safer .
 This product is a safety hazard . I thought this was the greatest invention until last night . My daughter woke up screaming and when I went into her room , she had fallen out of bed and was tangled in the elastic strap . It was wrapped around her neck and arm . Thank the Lord she was ok . I am returning the item today .
 I ordered this company 's BedBugz Inflatable Bed Rails from one of their retailers . When it came we eagerly strapped it to our son 's bed . It was n't long enough to block the entire side of the mattress , but that was okay with us . Unfortunately , it did n't keep the child in the bed at all . It easily rolled off the bed no matter how securely we tightened it , and our son easily rolled over it once it had fallen off the bed . -LRB- The mattress may never recover from our attempts to tighten this product . -RRB- Short of putting this product down the direct center of the bed we could not find any other way to keep it on the bed . However , putting it down the center of the bed was impractical , there was n't enough room left for my son to comfortably sleep . The pictures I have seen are all misleading . Leaving six inches to a foot on the outside of the bedrail did not keep it on the bed.I went to the instructions to see if there was some trick to this bed rail . Unfortunately the instructions were only in spanish . I then e-mailed the company asking them to e-mail me some English directions . I never heard from them.This is a seriously flawed product being sold by what is apparently a shady company . Buyer beware .
 I thought this was adorable and would work great with my toddler 's crib converted to a toddler bed . Sure , it 's cute , but after many nights of thuds and cries , including a bloody nose from landing on his face , I 'd had it . It simply would not stay on the bed if he pressed against it at all . It would roll off the side , no matter how inflated/deflated we got it or tight we cinched it . In desperation , I found and bought the Bed Bug Bumper online from -LSB- . . -RSB- , a foam bed rail that goes under the mattress pad and bottom sheet . It is a 100 % better product and actually about half the price . It has n't budged in the last 2 months and he has n't fallen out of bed once .
 First off the product only comes with one rail/bolster so it does not work for a bed that is in the middle of the room/not against the wall . Second of all the bolsters are very soft and nice for children but they do roll and if your toddler is as active as mine you will find it can roll very easily and kids could fall off of the bed if they play too hard . It is a great idea but not for me .
 It seemed like a good idea , however I have yet to get the thing inflated . I 'm not giving up but I 'm not happy .
 I ordered this company 's BedBugz Inflatable Bed Rails from one of their retailers . When it came we eagerly strapped it to our son 's bed . It was n't long enough to block the entire side of the mattress , but that was okay with us . Unfortunately , it did n't keep the child in the bed at all . It easily rolled off the bed no matter how securely we tightened it , and our son easily rolled over it once it had fallen off the bed . -LRB- The mattress may never recover from our attempts to tighten this product . -RRB- Short of putting this product down the direct center of the bed we could not find any other way to keep it on the bed . However , putting it down the center of the bed was impractical , there was n't enough room left for my son to comfortably sleep . The pictures I have seen are all misleading . Leaving six inches to a foot on the outside of the bedrail did not keep it on the bed.I went to the instructions to see if there was some trick to this bed rail . Unfortunately the instructions were only in spanish . I then e-mailed the company asking them to e-mail me some English directions . I never heard from them.This is a seriously flawed product being sold by what is apparently a shady company . Buyer beware .
 Slipped off the mattress no matter how tight I cinched it . Child can slip under , does n't seem safe .
 Looking at the picture for this product , I thought I was getting something that would prevent my baby from falling from both sides - you only get one of them .
 This may be a good product if you have a more firm mattress . However , we bought a latex mattress for our daughter and when you tighten the elastic strap on this product it does not get tight enough to keep them from rolling out of bed without distorting the mattress where the elastic wraps around the mattress and/or box springs . It did not work for us but may for you . May be OK with a traditional mattress and box spring . We do not have a box spring for addl height reasons , as she is a toddler and want her to be able to get in and out of bed herself without worry of falling out and breaking arm or worse .
 I am very disappointed in the product . It did not help keep my two year old stay in the bed because the elastic that holds it to the bed easily slides off . He fell out of bed during the night and got tangeled up in the whole thing.In fact , when checking on him frequently after he fell out , he kept getting tangled up in it ! I suppose if your child does not move when he 's sleeping , this might work , but for the money ... do n't waste it .
 My toddler removed this in less than a minute . Yes , the strap was a tight as I could make it . I am hoping to use it up against the wall to train her to stay in the middle of the bed . That may be the only way we end up using this . It 's made well and , in theory , would seem to work but it 's not for every toddler .
 I have three year old twins , and was really excited about being able to use this product , as it meant we would no longer have to take portable air mattresses with us when we traveled . I ordered 2 of these in the spring for a planned trip that required a stay in a hotel , but our trip was cancelled . We took these with us last week when we went to visit my parents because my twins were going to sleep in twin beds . My parents had one pair of bed rails we could use , but not two , so I took my BedBugz portable bolsters.The first one I blew up had a hole in it upon being unfolded . We were able to patch it with duct tape , which slowed the leak , but if we had been planning to use it more than one night we would have had to reinflate every day . I could not use both of these on one twin bed . They require at least 5-6 '' on the outside so that when they roll , they do not fall off of the mattres , which did n't leave enough space for sleeping on the twin mattress . I ended up having to connect the twin beds , and used these on the inside to keep my twins from rolling into each other . I used the regular portable bed rails on the outside . Let me say , they were much easier to use and seemed much , much safer.I would return this product if I could , but we are outside of the return window , so I am stuck with two very expensive portable bed rails that do n't work well at all .
 I purchased this crib sheet because I have previouly owned jersey knit sheets for twin size beds and thought it would be nice for our newborn . I thought it would feel more comfortable on her skin than basic crib sheets . This particular sheet does not feel like other jersey knit sheets I have owned . It does not feel soft at all . -LRB- Jersey sheets are supposed to feel soft like an old t-shirt -RRB- . It is also really thin . It does fit fine on the mattress , not too tight , not too loose . I would not recommend this sheet .
 I was very disappointed with this set after I washed it . We kept it because my son loved the pattern on the quilt but I will not buy this brand again . The sheets are very poorly constructed . The pillow case does not have straight/square seems -LRB- which I 've actually never seen in a sheet set -RRB- and the hem on the flat sheet is sown so that it twists -LRB- and you ca n't get it flat even with an iron -RRB- when it comes out of the dryer . It just looks like a wadded mess on the bed topped off with a crooked pillowcase .
 Once I saw this toddler bedding set I knew it was the one for my son 's up and coming `` big boy '' room . Once it arrived I was still really excited because it really very cute in person . The images are clear and colorful , and although it is true that the design is more pastel than primary I 'm ok with that . However , my huge problem with the set is the quality of the material . I washed the set twice before putting on my son 's bed and was really surprised and disappointed by how incredibly scratch the cotton is . It 's not only scratchy , but it has an odd roughness to it , and I 've never seen a sheet set wrinkle like this . Honestly wrinkles on sheets are not a big deal to me , but I have NEVER seen a set THIS wrinkled . They look awful and I am not into ironing sheets ! Since I purchased the set before Christmas and just finished his room I ca n't return the set to Target because I waited too long . I get that . It 's their policy . So I wrote to Olive Kids to let them know how dissatisfied and disappointed I am . I ca n't even use the sheets or pillowcase so I basically just paid $ 58 for a toddler comforter . Olive Kids said it 's not their problem because `` they are not the Manufacture '' and offered me a discount on personalized items if I place a future order direct from them . No thanks . I wo n't be purchasing any more items from Olive Kids . Total bummer . Unsatisfactory customer service . I WOULD NOT buy again .
 I was disappointed when we first opened this package , as the comforter looks kind of faded . I understand bedding will fade over time and with washing , but this appeared that way from the get-go . Other than that , it 's comfortable , fits the toddler bed just fine and my son likes it a lot . I just expected it to be as brightly and boldly colored as the picture on Amazon.I would be totally satisfied with it if the price reflected the quality , but in this case , I would never again spend that amount of money on an inadequate product .
 I returned this because the stitching looked very unprofessionally done . There were strings at the ends and the material had a stain on it -LRB- of a different color material -RRB- . They were good about giving me a return , just had to pay for shipping . I was hoping it would be good but it 's what you would expect for a $ 30 sling .
 False advertising , this says 100 % cotton , but it is not , it is 65 % polyester . Very disappointed and returning them .
 I never got to use this sheet . I pre-washed it and put it to dry on low heat as I 've done with all the baby clothes . I later saw the label said to air dry , which seems ridiculous for something that 'll be washed so often . Anyway , it shrunk and does n't fit over the co-sleeper mattress . If you have time/space to air dry it , it 's probably a fine product .
 Upon receipt of the sheets , I read the description indicating the sheet is 65 % polyester and 35 % cotton . The description for the item provided by Arm 's Reach and sold by Baby Bungalow state made of 100 % cotton . Very disappointing . Between the cost and the shipping , this product is substandard.Arm 's Reach Mini Co-Sleeper Fitted Sheet
 We are still waiting on the arrival of our baby , but we have our co-sleeper set up and ready to go . I searched high and low for more sheets to fit this bed and found i would have to order them online . I can handle the $ 15 for the sheet , a little pricey but i 'd probably still buy it , but then found the shipping to cost another $ 6 . Now that 's an expensive sheet . So , i searched BRU and found that a regular `` cradle sheet '' fits quite well and is softer and much cheaper - $ 6 each . Just have to tuck one end in tightly , do n't have to worry about hang drying it like the arm 's reach one .10 / 3/2011
 We ordered this sheet because the price seemed reasonable , and it was advertised as 100 % cotton . Received a natural sheet , as ordered , but it was 65 % polyester and 35 % cotton . We saw this same problem in someone else 's review . These are sheets from the Arm 's Reach company . Seems like they 've changed their composition , or Amazon has n't updated the website to reflect the product they 're selling . Be aware .
 80 % cotton , 20 % polyester . would not have ordered if i had known it was not 100 % cotton . hopefully amazon will update this information.Arm 's Reach Co-Sleeper Bassinet Mini Sheet , White
 The velcro that attaches to the mattress does keep the sheets snug , but getting the sheet off requires some force and can pull too -LSB- ... -RSB- the seams of the bed . I do n't trust that no damage is going to occur.I bought the expensive organic sheet from Arm 's Reach for the mini co-sleeper , and I like it because the velcro does not attach . Maybe that 's a flaw , but it is so much easier to get on and off -LRB- and avoid damaging the bed -RRB- , and it 's plenty snug . Plus , no pesticides used with it .
 Just received my mini co-sleeper sheet . Will return it . I did not notice but it 's 65 % polyester . I myself would never choose to sleep on a poly sheet . Why should my baby ? Hardly anything could be better than cotton for a baby 's sheet ! .
 I wish another company made sheets that fit the Arm 's Reach cosleeper because this sheet is not of such great quality . It 's not soft even after washing . For the price they should have made a better product .
 Arm 's Reach really knows how to rob people . These sheets are ridiculously expensive - especially considering how low the thread count feels on them . I appreciate that they have velcro in all the right spots and are designed with the cosleeper specifically in mind . But considering that this is an item that you 'll need more than one of due to the occasional night-time diaper leak or spit-up , it pains me to pay full price for them . The washing label requests that these sheets be air-dryed -LRB- possibly b/c of all the velcro ? -RRB- . I 've accidentally put mine in the dryer a few times with out shrinkage . But , if you 're the type of person who does everything by the book , the air drying can be inconvenient if you do n't have another clean sheet on hand .
 Got the sheet , washed it , and then went to put them on the bed . The width is fine and measures the 19 '' listed on the site . The length , however , was closer to 30 '' , so it was a good few inches too short for the mattress . Hopefully the company will allow for some sort of return . Otherwise , the sheet will probably just make a nice set of dust rags .
 If this were UV-treated , it would be great . However , it 's not and you kind of just end up having a false sense of safety . It 's still really bright and it gets very hot under there . The big shade things that you can maneuver to shade the baby works better .
 Bought a Maclaren sun protector because I thought it would be better quality , but it was n't . After 3 months of use , it ripped without cause , at the attachment points ; it is not designed well.I bought mine at a Maclaren store , but they said it is not covered by warranty.So , I recommend against Maclaren in general .
 It does n't protect against bright sunlight -LRB- my cardigan draped over the hood of the stroller is more effective -RRB- ; it does n't protect against strong winds ; it 's only water resistant . So what exactly does it do ? I 'm sure it will be a great protector against insects when summer comes but then I wo n't be able to see my son sitting in the stroller because the meshing is such a dark material .
 I was very dissatisfied with this monitor ... the battery doesnt hold a charge at all ... even after 24 hours of charging ... the picture isnt very clear -LRB- maybe I expected too much ? -RRB- ... reception is lousy if you have a cordless phone , wireless network or cell phone nearby -LRB- and who does n't , these days ? -RRB- . I was very disappointed in the quality of this item , especially considering the price .
 We are on our second unit . The first unit was replaced with a refurbished one by the manufacturer at our expense after developing an issue where it would magically drop the connection to the camera.We would have to move it around an inch or two , jiggle the switches , etc. to get it to work again.The replacement unit developed the same problem . It is most frustrating when in the middle of the night when it stops working -- the last thing I want to deal with is making this stupid thing work at 2 am . There are some serious design issues with this device . I am ready to throw this out of the window , but I like my windows and it is cold outside to open them.Save yourself the hassle and invest $ 80 - $ 100 in a real security camera . I ca n't wait for mine to arrive .
 It 's never been dropped or abused and yet similar to another reviewer , our monitor is losing the sound more and more . It goes in and out when the volume knob is turned . We have only had this a year and paid $ 176 for it . WAY too high priced for this kind of thing to happen . I would expect this from a $ 50 monitor not one that costs nearly two hundred .
 Given how expensive this product is , I was shocked to find that within 3-4 months of having owned it , the battery life started to quickly wither down . After 6 months , you could no longer use the wireless monitor without being physically plugged in . It has gone from being a wireless monitor to an entirely wired monitor . The battery at this point holds NO charge at all . It wo n't even last for 10 seconds without dying if it 's not plugged in . I have complained to Summer Customer care and will see if they fix this -LRB- if they do , I will revise my rating , since otherwise , the product is good -RRB- .
 I thought this was a great monitor for a few weeks . The reception is good and the picture is clear . Then one evening , my husband took our son to his crib and I switched on the video monitor . On the screen , was another person 's child sleeping peacefully in her crib . When I switched the monitor to Channel B , I could see two people in a toddler bed , enjoying a nighttime story . I was horrified ! I could n't help but wonder who could see my baby , or if anyone had seen me nursing him during the past few weeks.When I called Summer Infant Products , they were aware of the problem . They are sending me a digital monitor to replace the one I have . I am glad they are replacing my monitor , but I still feel uncomfortable about the incident .
 After reading all the mixed reviews , I decided that the only way we were going to be able to decide was to try it out for ourselves . Needless to say , the monitor was sent back the very same week . We could only be in the next room and get a clear picture , and even that was ` iffy ' . We were sorely disappointed !
 This was the 2nd Summer Infant Monitor I have purchased as the first one broke ... this one broke too !!! It never worked so I returned .
 DO Not buy this product unless you want the whole neighborhood to see your baby . At midnight one night I got a static feed and when it cleared I was looking at another baby , not mine that was right across the hall . When I called Summer 's `` Fantastic '' customer service they basically said that 's the way it works and I was out of luck . This is really expensive and not worth it .
 Although I have LOVED being able to see and hear my baby , I have not liked the fact both monitors -LRB- the second purchased after the first one started failing -RRB- have broken within a little over a year of purchase . The video basically starts flipping vertically or does n't come on at all . There has to be some kind of manufacturing flaw for them to both die in the same way at about the same time following purchase.I am now addicted to being able to see my child but will be trying the new digital mobi cam when it ships . Hopefully it will have a longer life than either of the monitors I have purchased from Summer .
 What a scam ! Yet another completely overpriced device for what it is and does . If you live in a building of any substance -LRB- brick walls for example -RRB- this monitor has a range of 20-30ft . It 's completely useless . Unfortunately all these baby monitors suffer from this limitation . And there 's really no reason . In the UK they sell two way walkie talkies with a room monitoring function . You can be at your neighbor 's and still here your baby 's breathing . And they cost $ 80 .
 _ We send back two of these before realizing that the problem was the model itself . Almost constant radio interference and signal errors -LRB- like white noise . We bought the Levana Babyview 20 in stead which works preally well . Also it is less clumsy than the Summer one .
 Bought this based on the positive reviews posted here . Yet , we started getting static sound -LRB- ca n't hear baby crying anymore -RRB- only after a month of purchase . . very diasppointed with the quality of this product .
 I bought this monitor after reading a bunch of good reviews , but we were very disappointed in the performance . The picture quality is very poor and the monitor is difficult to view from various angles . The screen would not operate on battery power after the first week of use . We bought a Q-see monitor for $ 99 from Costco and have been much happier with the performance and picture quality.Pros :1 . adjustable camera angles to accomodate various mounting positions2 . little interferenceCons :1 . poor image quality2 . limited video capability in battery mode3 . poor contrast on monitor4 . expensive
 For us it lasted almost two years , so I suppose we 're supposed to be happy . Though at almost two hundred dollars back in 2010 , it still feels like we did n't get our money 's worth . Now they want us to pay $ 80 for a refurbished unit with a six-month warranty . The process for getting the replacement is pretty streamlined , but that should tell you something about HOW MANY of their products break once outside the warranty period . *** July 2012 update -- now the refurb unit is mostly broken . Lasted five months .
 I purchased this monitor before my daughter was born as I had heard from other parents that video monitors were helpful and this one was n't too pricey compared to some . However , I only used it once or twice until my daughter was about 11 months . At this point I began to use it 3-4 times per week for her naps and while it was working I was pleased with it . Then it stopped working when she was about 13 months old . First the video went out , but I still had the sound , then about a month later the sound stopped working , too . At that point I contacted summer infant to see if they could help me to figure out what was wrong or give me a full or partial refund or a new unit . This was in September , it is now January and I have still not heard from them . I would not recommend this product due to its lack of longevity and complete absence of customer service .
 We are next room to the baby and still get a lot of static on our receiver . The static noises are waking us up at night . Not happy with the product , will have to buy something else .
 This monitor had way too much static . I could not stand it so I returned it . I wish that someone had warned me that I could barely hear my child because the static was so bad . I would not recommend this monitor .
 I was very excited to receive this monitor and when we got done with the charging for 18hrs and got ready to use it , it was horrible we could not see any picture all we got out of it was sound . Save you Money !
 I 've now purchased 2 of these . The first one we took with us on vacation and the video monitor screen failed . I thought it was a fluke and retured it.The second one I purchased about two months ago and is completely useless . It is entirely static because of some interference with either the cordless phone or the wireless internet connection in my house .
 Unfortunately , I was not able to get good reception . It does not seem to work as advertised .
 The picture is great if you want to sit and stare at the monitor like you would dial a phone . You must be very close to see what 's going on . Lots of Interference . But when you get good reception , the audio is incredibly clear ! A little color during the times of bright daylight . The video portion broke on the fourth day . Will return and exchange for another brand !!! If it seems a little too good to be true ... It is !
 The purpose of a baby monitor is to free you up for household chores while still allowing you to know that junior is safe and sound . Audio does this nicely . Video only works if you watch it , and if it has audio , as this one does , then why even HAVE video ?? Video is an unnecessary expense , because just what is there to SEE inside a baby 's crib anyway ? There should n't be anything dangerous in there anyway !!!! Save the $ and get an audio . As someone else pointed out , reception is n't always good on this model either . Sell yours on ebay , spend ten bucks for a good audio monitor , and put the rest in baby 's college fund where you 'll get much more use out of it .
 The reception for this monitor is horrible . My bedroom is 2 rooms away from my daughters and the receptions cuts in and out . When it cuts out , it makes this awful noise . There is NO color to this monitor . I wish I had bought another one
 Personally , I have been very unhappy with this monitor . I bought one from Amazon recently . When it arrived , no matter what I did it would n't get any picture . Both the Channels were interchanged , meaning that the camera would have to be set on one channel and the handset on the other to get `` any '' picture or audio.I thought that I had recevied a lemon and got a replacement from Amazon . After receiving the second unit , i did n't face the problem with the swapping of the channels -LRB- or I would n't have known -RRB- because it would n't get any picture on either channels.I have to say the audio part of the monitor worked well in both the units , but why pay $ 182 for an audio monitor?So , personally I can not give this one a good review based on my experience . I am however very impressed with the replacement policy and the easy procedure from Amazon . KUDOS to Amazon ...
 I bought this monitor and it functions ok . We are looking to selling it and buy another brand that has a stronger reception . We have a 3700 Sqft home and does not work everywhere in the house ... not good . . When our 900 hz phone is used , it kills unit .
 When it worked , it was pretty good . Do n't expect too much . The video quality is at best comparable with but still inferior to a cheap $ 15 webcam . But , it does let you know what your baby is doing . However , this product is far less relaible than a cheap webcam . After 6 months , out of no reason -LRB- I did n't change any thing , did n't touch the camera -RRB- , the video is scrambled , and I can only receive scrambled video from the receiver on channel A while the transmitter is on chanel B. So , it is pretty much a sound monitor now .
 This was the second video monitor we purchased . The range and video quality were horrible ! the picture was all grainy hard to see and the range was ridiculous . Literally walked out of one room and the signal died .
 We purchased this product in December 2009 . We have been happy with its reception and the screen nice . However , after about a year we had to order a replacement charger because the charger connector broke . Then after about 15 months , the speaker began to die . We now have to spend 2-3 minutes adjusting the volume button to get anything but silence . We do run a white noise machine in our baby 's room when he is sleeping , so the speaker gets lots of use , but I expected such an expensive to last as long as I would want to monitor my child . When I called customer service today -LRB- and sat on hold for 30 minutes -RRB- I was told it is out of its one year warranty so the best they could do was to let me purchase a refurbished version of the same monitor from their website . Moral of the story , if you expect to need a monitor more than a year , this is probably not the one for you .
 I love Amazon for its reviews , but I 've learned the hard way that some things that used to be great - and therefore have high ratings - are no longer so hot.This monitor is one of them . It was great at first , but just did n't last long enough considering the price . The sound becomes really staticy . The audio goes in & out - and you have no way of knowing this unless you stare at the monitor.The video is now going out . We ordered a replacement battery and that helped for about a month.This is a $ 200 monitor that lasts like a $ 75 one .
 I had always used a traditional monitor with my older two children , but when I had our third , my mother bought this for us . She got the camera and monitor system , as well as an extra camera so I can watch both the baby 's room and my older two children , who share a room . From the start , I was highly disappointed . First of all , this is toted as a color monitor , but if you use two cameras , only one of them comes through in color . Also , the image quality is very poor and constantly interrupted by static . The monitor itself would only work for about 1 or two hours unplugged , when it says on the box it works for much longer on the battery , so I would have to move the cord around to keep it plugged in . As if this were n't bad enough , wfter about one month of use , the video picture stopped working entirely unless it was plugged in . I could not believe that after spending about $ 250 on this system , it only worked for one month . When I called customer service , I was initially told that the problem could be because we were using two cameras . I found this to be ridiculous since this is marketed as being able to monitor two rooms at once , and they have no problem charging $ 80 for an extra camera . Eventually , I had to ship back the defective units , during which time I did not have a monitor for any of my children , including our infant , and I was sent another unit . This one does work while unplugged , but the video quality is still extremely poor , riddled with static if anyone moves in the room , and only one camera comes through as color . I wish I had saved my parents $ 250 and just stuck with the regular monitor !
 I agree with the other reviews . The reception and picture on this monitor is HORIBLE ! I have a 5 inch video monitor for my first child and wanted another for my newborn . I like the portability aspect of the handheld unit , but honestly , it is not worth the high cost . My 5 inch monitor is crystal clear but the 2.5 inch handheld is practically indecipherable .
 After about a year of using the monitor the volume control wheel has problems . As you turn it or sometimes when it is sitting on the table the volume will cut in and out like there is a short circuit in the volume knob . The first one , after about 9 months , we returned to Summer and they replaced it with no problem . The second one is doing the same thing so we are going to try to replace it . However I think we 've had it just over a year so I do n't know if they will.Other than that is it a great product .
 I am not impressed with this product . I bought it after all the positive reviews , and because of the dual camera feature . Unfortunately , I get no reception at all on channel B , and on channel A the audio is so staticky , even in good reception that we 'd never be able to sleep . By the time we get the handheld to our bedroom , the picture is extremely snowy and only works if carefully positioned in one spot .
 We initially purchased this item shortly after my son was born . At the time we lived in a one-story small house -LRB- 2400sqf -RRB- on the outskirts of town . Since we did n't have any neighbors close by and the house was small , the monitor worked flawlessly . Several months ago we moved into a larger two-story house in the middle of a neighborhood , with our bedroom on the ground level and the nursery on the upper.This is where it became spooky . The day we moved in , we were positioning the furniture and monitor in the new nursery . We plugged in the camera , and checked that hand-held to make sure the viewing angle was okay . We then decided to unplug the camera to use a different outlet , and the instant we unplugged it the picture of our child disappeared -LRB- obviously -RRB- but we were then able to see one of our neighbor 's babies lying in their crib . Needless to say , that was a bit disturbing . We switched frequensies , but we could n't get over the fact that someone else might be able to see our son.Even if the other baby had not shown up on our monitor , we soon found that we could n't use this monitor in our new house due to the fact of a high amount of interference when we tried to use it in our bedroom . With the layout of the new house -LRB- the nursery is on the opposite side of the house and on a differnet floor -RRB- the unit just is n't strong enough to cover the distance.On a positive note , while in our old house we had very little interference and the picture was great . If we cranked the volume up , we could easily hear our baby breathing . In the new house , the video of the neighbor 's child that first night was crystal clear . Just thinking about it , though , creeps me out ...
 I really was in love with this product until my next door neighbors started talking on their phone every night at my daughter 's bedtime ! We 've had it about 3 months and for the past 4 weeks , we 've been having this problem . The video turns to awful static as soon as they get a dial tone and I can hear their entire conversation from the first number they dial until they hang up ! Of course I 'm polite and turn off the monitor until I think they might be done talking , but it 's almost as if I am on the phone with them too when I have it on ! With only 2 channels to pick from , it 's pretty much impossible to avoid this problem ! It also picks up interference from truckers going by . The weird thing is that it does n't pick up MY cordless phone conversations , even though my phone is a 2.4 Ghz model . If I had known interference was going to be this big of a problem I would not have purchased this product .
 I was so excited to purchase the video monitor ! Although I was a little disappointed with the quality of the performance . There was an extremely large amount of intereance and my daughers room was only about 100 feet away . For $ 200 I had higher expectations . I just returned this item and have purchaed the Mobicam 2.4 gh Handheld , which has more features , voice activated video -LRB- which I thought was a huge plus -RRB- , longer range , you can add 3 additional cameras . I found it at Target for $ 159 . Great Buy ! Do n't waste your time with this one learn from my mistake and by the Mobicam .
 I should have read the reviews prior to purchasing this monitor . I 'm 5 ft away and get no reception . There is also no color . Thought it was just that particular monitor , but when I returned it and got another one , it was the same problem . Guess I 'll be returning this one too !
 I get the neighbors kid on my monitor BETTER then I can get my own kid . It picks up tons of static , which will drive you INSANE at 2 am . Do yourself a favor and pass on this one . Like any 900 mHz product you will pick up other babies from the neighbors homes , but come on ! Not better than you own kid just a few steps away . CS at Summer is a joke . If you do get this one , SAVE YOUR RECEIPT ! Or you will be SOL .
 I can actually see and hear into my neighbors home ! It picked up our neighbor 's signal which is creepy to think they can watch us with our baby . Not secure !!!
 I was so excited to get this monitor . Unfortunately , when the blurry picture did come in , the picture was extremely fuzzy -LRB- hard to distinguish even the most basic facial features -RRB- . Also , the sound did n't work at all . I returned it immediately and bought the black and white Summer Infant video monitor for $ 100 at Target . That worked great for 9 months and then it just randomly stopped working altogether . -LRB- I 'm currently waiting for Summer Infant to send me a new one -RRB- . For me , the less expensive option worked much better ...
 Bad , bad , bad reception from every room in the house . Color monitor only works if the room is fully lit -LRB- what baby sleeps with the room fully lit -RRB- and then does n't even come close to the quality on the picture on the box . I also had major static when using even just the audio part of the monitor . I unplugged every wireless and electrical device just to make sure it was n't interfering and nothing improved . At best , I got a super grainy picture that was interrupted every 30 seconds with 10 seconds of fuzziness and major static.This one is getting shipped back ASAP !
 After hours of testing I 've determined the unobstructed range of this device is 7 ft. -LRB- Tested in an open field -RRB- . The company is completely unresponsive to comments or complaints . Save your money ! Worst purchase I 've ever made . The Summer product I received is useless , maybe defective and the company does not appear to care ...
 I never received the product , the supplier is supposed to ship a replacement weeks ago and still have n't received it . Customer service is aweful !!!!
 It only works in the same room as the baby . As soon as you leave the room so does the reception . Garbage !
 I would not buy this monitor again . It picks up so much static that I ca n't even use it . I have to use my cheap fisher-price monitor to pick up sound , but I do use the video on this monitor . I have to say that the video is excellent , however the static it picks up is a lot . I have to use 2 monitors every time .
 We received this monitor as a very generous gift from my parents at our baby shower and I was thrilled to have the video and audio features in a monitor . The monitor has lost it 's picture after only a year and the overall quality of this less than expensive product is not worth the money in my opinion . Also , the company does not offer a replacement monitor , they only offer a replacement camera which is not helpful when the montior , which is often moved from room to room in our house is what takes the wear and tear , whereas the monitor remains immobile for the most part and would often not need replacing . I would have registered for a different product had I read some of these `` lower star '' reviews prior . I wo n't be purchasing a Summer product again .
 We bought this monitor for our babies and were sorry we did . The sound & picture are of extremely poor quality and it even stopped working after a few months . We had to throw it away . This product is highly NOT recommended to monitor babies .
 I bought two monitors because I was expecting twins . When the monitors arrived only one of them worked . So I was told to send the faulty monitor back to them because they were going to replace it . My children are now 2 1/2 years old and I never received it back -LRB- I sent it back two months before my due date -RRB- . I called a thousand times , left more than 15 voice mail messages and countless e-mails . I was ripped off ! there is not other way to put it ... ah did I mention every time I talked to a customer care representative they would say '' it has been shipped already '' or `` We will shipped it '' or `` they will look in to it '' at least stick to one story .
 I was hoping to be able to watch my baby just 50 feet away from her but i can only go about 20 with this monitor . i have tried it everywhere in my house . The reception is terrible . I would not recomend this product to anyone !!!!!!!!!!
 We bought this monitor because it was compact . We had the Summer Infant monitor with the larger television screen and it was a pain to move around . We wish that we would have kept that monitor rather than waste money on this one . This one sucks ! It has constant static in our house and there is NO antenna . We do n't have wireless internet or anything else that should have caused constant static and interference . My husband is with my son while I 'm at work and he was looking forward to having a portable monitor that he could see our son on while he was trying to get things done around the house . So much for that idea ! When you unplug this monitor the screen goes off after a few minutes . You have to turn the monitor on an off to get the picture back on . We tried to take this monitor into our garage which is right under our son 's room and there was so much static I do n't even think we could have heard him cry - the picture was already off so we could n't see him either . Save your money and do n't bother buying this one . We ordered the Mobicam which is also portable and has a more powerful signal . We can use it anywhere . I took it to the bottom of our driveway and it still worked without any static . The only downside to the Mobicam is the screen size . It 's only about a 1 inch square . The picture is crystal clear , but very , very small .
 I ordered this product and turned it on and I picked up our neighbors baby . I think any monitor that picks up someone else 's baby is bad news !
 This thing is the biggest POS we ever purchased . Everything that is remotely electrical interfers with it . It is junk .
 For my first child I got the black and white video monitor from Summer . We love it . The only problem is that it is annoying to carry around the house with you . We purchased the new `` color '' portable model when we had our second child . It is definitely not color . Also , I find the screen to be so small that it is difficult to see anything . We returned it . We now have 2 of the original models ... one for each baby 's room . You need to keep them on different channels obviously . Reception is a problem in certain areas of our house when you have them both hooked up , but it just requires a little adjusting .
 I AM SO DISAPPOINTED I WAS LOOKING FORWARD TO THIS PRODUCT FOR MY NEWBORN SON . THE RECEPTION IS HORRIBLE I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE GOOD SINCE I HAVE 2.4 G TELEPHONE SYSTEMS BUT I THOUGHT WRONG . EVERYTHING INTERFERES WITH THE VIEW I GUESS YOU HAVE TO NOT OWN ANYTHING ELECTRONIC FOR IT TO WORK GOOD . WHEN YOU DO GET A GOOD SPOT IT DOES COME CLEAR BUT WHATS THE POINT OF IT BEING PORTABLE THEN ? P.S I HAVE YET TO SEE COLOR THE VIEW APPEARS TO BE BLACK AND WHITE AT ALL TIMES OF DAY ... . I WILL BE RETURNING IT TODAY
 We were so excited to get this monitor home and try it for our little one . The reception is horrible and I ca n't be anywhere in the house especially on the computer and see her . There is no color what so ever , black and white only . Do n't waste your money , I 'll be returning it today .
 We purchased this monitor after deciding the black and white model was not convenient because the monitor was too big . The idea of a handheld monitor was perfect . However , we had a lot of trouble with the reception and kept getting a lot of static wherever we had the receiver . During the night , the receiver would randomly blare static , which made sleeping using it very annoying . We ended up sending it back and scrapping the whole video monitor idea . We now use a regular non-video one and have no trouble . I decided I did n't need to see the baby all the time after all .
 I have had this monitor for over a year now and did love it , until recently . I usually sleep with it next to me in bed while it charges , however when it is plugged in the monitor stays on continuously . I must have leaned on it during the night and turned it on , and being plugged in it did n't turn off . It actually melted , completely fried . The screen is now black and buttons do not work . It actually smoked . I would be very cautious if purchasing this product .
 My husband and I really enjoyed this monitor for the first few months that we had it . It 's so nice to be able to see the baby and know if they are crying because they are stuck in the corner of the crib , or if they are standing up or simply laying down and just whimpering a bit . With an audio-only monitor we had to rush into the room every time he cried , not knowing what was really going on . It also helps with bedtime , knowing that he 's simply playing quietly with toys in his crib or if he 's actually asleep.We even bought a second camera to put elsewhere in the house so that we could monitor his playtime if we had to run of to the restroom or something else . It was easy to switch between the channels and between the two different video feeds.We never had any real problems with interference from other monitors , though depending on where the monitor was placed in the house it would sometimes have static on the video as well as the audio . Moving it around a few inches in random directions would normally clear this up.However , this morning at 2:00 am , I woke to the sound of static coming from the monitor . My husband reached over and tried to turn the video feed on , but it would n't come on . Just a black screen and static on the audio . He turned it off and back on , same result . Then he turned the device over and we could see a bright glow coming from the little vents on the back of the device , and could quickly smell the odor of burning electronics . We immediately jumped out of bed and unplugged the device from the wall and took it outside.The device was plugged directly into a wall outlet , not into any crazy chain of surge protectors or anything else , and had not recently been wet or anything else out of the ordinary . It was simply sitting on our nightstand like every other night.So , buyer beware ! This device is apparently poorly manufactured and had we not woken up when it started to catch on fire , who knows what would have happened.Thankfully Amazon is amazing and issued a full refund for the device and the extra camera . Thanks Amazon !
 Yeah , when it worked it was great , which was only for the first 8 months . Of course I did n't have an original receipt as it was a baby gift so Summer would n't replace it with the same color screen device . Instead I got a B&W screen device , refurbished , that was so blurry it made me more nervous looking at it because I could never make out what was my baby and what was her bed . Three months later the screen on this one stopped working ... . ugh .
 The device did its job overall but there are a few annoyances and disappointments worth noting :1 -RRB- The rechargeable battery within it was useless . After a few months the battery no longer served its purpose , essentially hold zero charge2 -RRB- AC connector to the TV monitor unit degrades over time . Even though the AC adapter plug into the portable TV unit was left stationary and no stress was applied to the wire or connection point , the contact between the plug and the recepticle -LRB- inside the TV monitor unit -RRB- degraded so you would have to always jiggle the plug around to ensure power was fed .3 -RRB- Live in a townhouse community so we would regularly conflict with signals from neighbouring units and end up listening and watching other kids inadvertently . Since there are only two channels to choose from you can only hope that your signal is strong enough to burn through any neighbouring units .4 -RRB- Over time the signal reception degraded and there would be increasing levels of noise and static into the audio and video feed . This was annoying particularly at night whe it is sometimes loud enough to disturb your sleep.Note that the unit has only been in continuous use for 1.5 years . One would expect this to be more durable considering the pricetag.When none of the above problems appeared , i.e. , when the unit was new , the performance was acceptable .
 The battery life for this unit was good for about two weeks then quickly diminished . After one month we had to use it plugged in all the time . Most depressingly the sound suddenly stopped working after 3 months of use ! Video was fine -LRB- love the night vision video by the way -RRB- ... but NO SOUND . I tried calling summer several times with no luck , either could n't reach anyone or disconnected ... finally left a message . Very disappointed . Still waiting for a resolution .
 We bought this monitor and the first time we used it , we encountered no problems - the picture was fine , the sound was clear , and we were pleased . The second time we used it , there was a fair amount of static , the picture was fuzzy , full of static and kept going in and out on the screen . We thought maybe there was an issue with some interference from our phone or wireless modem , so we disabled both , to no avail . We decided to give it another try the next day , and it was even worse - no picture at all this time , and the sound was so full of static that it was a choice between keeping the volume low or not being able to hear each other talk . At that point , we knew something was wrong with the unit and decided to return it . We assumed it was a fluke and bought the same make and model , as we really wanted something with video capability that was portable . Unfortunately , the second try was even worse than the first since we never even got a single `` good '' experience out of it like we did the first - from the initial use it was full of static and the picture was awful , no matter where we were in our house . We even tried moving the base unit around to see if there was some kind of interference in our son 's room , but the same thing kept happening . At that point we concluded that it was just a waste of our money , and started using an audio-only monitor that I bought for 1/5 the price ... it works beautifully , crystal clear sound to the point we can hear our son breathing , and we comment all the time how we wish we 'd have just saved our money and gone that route to begin with .
 We got this monitor based on recommendations from friends.On Sunday , Feb 17th , my baby daughter was born , so it was time to put it to the test ... hmmmPros
 My wife and I purchased 2 sets of these monitors for use with our 2 children.Both monitors broke within ~ 12 months from time of purchase.I reached out to the manufacturer and was told that the warranty is only for 12 months.If we had known that these baby monitors would only last 1 year , we would not have spent the $ 200 + for the item .
 When we first got this monitor I loved it , it was everything we wanted in a video monitor . I told everyone about it and recommended it to all , in fact wrote a couple of reviews on other sites saying how wonderful it was . Now a year and a half later I have a very different opinion of the product . First 6 months it was great but then started getting static at night which we could n't figure out because nothing electronic had been added to the house to create additional interference . We could be dead asleep and then it would go fuzzy sounding enough to wake us up and we would need to move the monitor around to a different position . I could roll over in bed next to the monitor and it would create the fuzzy sound . Then at about 11 months we started to have sound problems , when increasing the sound it would cut out and we would need to get it to just the right spot or no sound . It was like tuning FM radio , so weird . We called in and was told it was a common problem and to blow into the monitor at the volume control dial because dust would get in and settle . That worked great for about 2 months but then became a bigger problem in that the sound would suddenly cut out completely , I would wake up in the middle of the night and find that there was no sound so I had no idea if our son had been crying . Our warranty was up a month earlier so I was just out of luck according to customer service . We ended up using a regular monitor for sound and the video when we would hear him cry which for a $ 190 monitor seems ridiculous . Now at a year and half later the video no longer works either , it just goes to vertical lines after about 2 seconds . Do n't know what happened and customer service did n't have any answers for me since my warranty was up and they had no responsibility . We are now looking for a new brand to replace the video monitor , would n't buy from Summer again .
 My wife and I ordered this monitor to watch out daughter as we transitioned her from a crib to a regular bed . The monitor only gives a decent picture if the monitor and receiver are very , very close to each other -LRB- i.e. . The Same Room ! -RRB- . Our bedroom is directly over our daughter 's room and the picture quality is awful . I would not recommend anybody purchase this monitor .
 I purchased this monitor this past February , it worked fine until last night . As usual , I put my son to sleep for the night and when I went to turn on the monitor it had a blue screen . No matter what I tried it did not help . I called the company and they stated that I had to send it back in and if they find it is my fault I would just have to pay full price . I did nothing to the camera . The base stays in the same place all the time and neither piece has ever been dropped or damaged in any way . So I have to pay for shipping and wait without a camera for them to figure out if it is my fault . What kind of customer service is that . This was my first and last Summer product .
 I bought this nearly $ 200 Monitor , thinking it was worth the money to be able to keep an eye on my little princess . The picture is pretty good , but I 'd like to be able to hear her too ! The static on this monitor is horrible ! It keeps us up more than our two-month-old could ever dream of !! My husband even wanted to go out and buy a $ 20 monitor without the picture just to sleep nights !! Not worth the money at all !!!
 We had the $ 149 Saftey 1st one , 1st model - after 6 months the Night vision went , got another , This one had little less static than the first . A friend had the Summer -LRB- this model -RRB- I got it confused with the Mobicam , but once at the store said let me try it . Of course problems from the start . Color , yeah right , mine seems to be only 4 colors , almost no diff from the night vision . Running a wireless household helped the reception on the saftey 1st but this one does NOT supress interferrance like the product says . I have to lean the antenna against my Wireless G card to kill the interferrence when it 's next to me or ly it down on it 's side and their is less zapping noise . Today this one is going back and I will try the Mobicam from Target , yet I really hate their crappy return policy . It would be so nice if babiesrus would carry the mobicam.The only positive this about this one was it was smaller so it did n't take up the whole nightstand , and my wife loved the fact she did n't have to sleep with her glasses on anymore , she just leaned over grabbed the unit and out it in front of her face to see what this little one was up to.Good Luck with your choice .
 I can not use this baby monitor where my wireless router is , which happens to be my bedroom . There is way too much static . What 's funny is when I walk around the room , the static gets worse . It 's like my body gets in the middle of the interference between my router and my monitor . I have issues with the volume too . It 's either loud or quiet . The monitor is heavy too . Ca n't wear this one on your pajama bottoms without losing your pants . The picture is decent and the battery life is good . I 'm off to search for another monitor without interference .
 There was too much static with this monitor . As soon as I got out of our child 's bedroom the screen would roll and there was static . I tried different settings and it got even worse . There is no way I could use this monitor at night when I am sleeping . The static is too loud .
 i bought this monitor when my son was born 1 yr ago . We LOVED it while it worked , however it lost complete battery charge after 2 weeks and would only work when plugged in . Last week the screen went black and was no longer receiving a signal . i contated summer infant co and they informed me that they only have a 1 yr warranty and since i do not have proof of purchase -LRB- rec 'd as a gift -RRB- then they could not help me . so unless you want to spend $ 200 a year then this monitor is not for you !!
 We purchased this item for our first child thinking it was going to be a lifesaver since our baby would be sleeping upstairs and it would keep me from running up and down the stairs all night checking on her . The first time we used it I had to do a double take because it was not my child 's crib I was staring at !!!!!!!! I had picked up the family down the hill who owned the same monitor . I could not only see the infant and her room I could hear EVERYTHING going on in that house ! When I walked around my house with the monitor I could pick up FOUR OTHER CRIBS depending on which direction I walked in . There is no privacy here and who knows what kind of person is watching your child sleep or listening in on your private conversations . I would not buy this product and I do not recommend it to anyone . It should be pulled off the market !
 I purchased this monitor some time ago and it worked fine -LRB- though it buzzed all the time ... we just got used to it -RRB- . However , after reading other reviews mentioning security issues with the monitor channels showing other neighboring babies , I thought I would check my other channel . Needless to say , I was horrified to see our neighbors little boy sleeping soundly on the other channel ! After calling Summer Infant , they confirmed that if I can see them , they can see us too ! We have the monitor set up to see our daughter 's entire room and it runs 24/7 , so when we go to tuck her in at night -LRB- in our pajamas -RRB- , or anything else throughout the day , our neighbors have been able to see and hear everything ! Summer realizes this is a `` problem '' , so they offered to replace my monitor with the Secure baby monitor at no cost.I WOULD NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT as anyone with the same monitor can also see yours .
 It advertises a `` color '' monitor , but it is NEVER in color - always black and white . Lots of feedback from other items in the househould . Not very pleased .
 I was dissapointed by the picture quality of this monitor . Also , you can only see color when there is bright light in the room - so when baby is sleeping , the picture is black and white and not that clear . I returned mine immediately-it is not worth the money . I then bought the $ 100 bigger screen black and white summer monitor only to be let down by the reception of that model . I even brought that one to babiesrus to have then test it in the store and they too could not get good reception . Still looking for a good product !
 For 6 years we used a Safety 1st brand video monitor and were pleased with it . When we saw Summer 's version , smaller , sleeker , and more portable , we hesitated at the price , but knew from past experience it was a valuable tool . I wish now we would have picked a brand other than Summer .1 . The video takes a good 10 minutes to go from fuzzy to clear .2 . The video and audio come through on different channels . We still have to use a separate monitor for audio if we use the Summer for video . I contacted the company and did not receive a response .3 . The piece of plastic to hold the receiver vertical is weak and easily broke .4 . When not plugged in the receiver shuts off the video after 3 minutes . The company did not respond to this problem either , but I see now from their website they consider this a `` feature '' . As a busy mom I have better things to do with my baby 's naptime than to hit a button every 3 minutes . Very annoying.Having spent so much money on the monitor , I 'm extremely disappointed in both the product and the company 's lack of support .
 I researched video monitors to a great extent before purchasing . I asked friends , read reviews and talked to store associates . The Summer Infant Deluxe got the best reviews by everyone ... despite a few poor reviews on Amazon.Once we got it home , we were disappointed with the audio . It cracks and pops frequently . The light bar across the front of the monitor bounces higher when there is a loud noise , such as your baby crying . Unfortunately , it also bounces high when the cracking noise gets loud . Therefore , unless you have the volume up , you may assume the bouncing light means your little one is crying . If you have the volume up , you wo n't be able to sleep because of all the noise cracking and popping.We keep the volume off , have covered up the light bar across the front , and only use the video screen . The video is nice , it is well lit at night and in the day.I do n't have a better recommendation , do you ?
 Excellent monitor . Easy to mount , good picture for several hundred feet as long as there are n't too many obstructions . Starts to act up when you are using two monitors on different channels . We 've had three monitors -LRB- 2 babies in 2 years -RRB- . We got the third because the volume control failed on the first . Then the other two did the same thing ... You ca n't buy just a replacement receiver.Other models last longer .
 This diaper bag is made of cheap plastic . For the money I felt that it should have lasted more than THREE WEEKS . Two hooks snapped off . The main material of the bag ripped . I am not wasted any more time on this bag buy anything else !!!
 So as first-time expectant parents , we got a few things wrong . Chief among them
 I give it one star for fitting the description of a highchair and one for being aesthetically appealing . Other than that , all that I can say is it 's the type of thing you buy for your first child but definitely not your second.I just had to have this chair because it was beautiful and matched my kitchen . Live and learn.The tray did n't come close enough to my son 's chest so he could climb out even when he was strapped in . We literally had to tie him in there to get him to stay put.And cleaning was an absolute nightmare . It should have come with about 3 spare seat covers because it seemed like the one we had was always in the wash . Eventually I ditched the seat cover but then there was the problem of cleaning the wood - especially with all those crevices . At times I had to scrape food off with a butter knife and after a while the wood became water damaged because it was n't sealed very well . This chair was heavy and difficult to move as well.It converts into a youth seat if you remove a few screws , but when we tried it out , it was way too high and my son could barely fit his legs under our kitchen table which is standard height.After about a year , I sold it in the classifieds to some poor first-time parent and bought a fashionable plastic high chair at about half the cost.My SIL has this same chair and she hates hers , too.First time parents take note
 I love this highchair from the moment I saw it . We received a different one when I was pregnant with my first child . We kept that one . However when our baby turned 1 he kept rocking in his highchair and it would move ; even with the wheels locked.We received this as a shower present for my 2nd child . We like it right away . It is pretty easy to clean between the slats . Wipe the tray of any messes . I did not fear that my 2 year old could rock the highchair down.The big problem is that now we have a hard time getting my two year in & out of the chair . It hurts his legs -LRB- thighs -RRB- . My son is not a chubby kid whatsoever . It pinches himI wanted this highair because I thought we could use this for long time . Not so . It does n't recline so it is not ideal for young babies . I knew that . I still have the other highchair for my younger son.I would not reccomend this highchair . Sure it is appealing , sturdy and easy to clean , but the pinching of my sons legs is a major drawback . He does not enjoy . We use the highchair when we know we are going to have a hard time getting him to eat.Personally I recommend now just buying a booster high chair , they are space savers , can travel with them and should take up much storage space . Although , I would not reccomend the Eddie Bauer booster , it looks like it would the same problem as this highchair .
 This high chair is very difficult to to get baby in and out of and the safety strap is useless and hard to figure out.This is a large chair and takes up quite a bit of space . I gave mine away after two weeks of aggravation!If you are looking for a wooden chair consider getting one you can use without the tray so when your child gets bigger you can just pull it up to the table with out the tray ... like a youth seat . I have three children and have been through quite a few high chairs and this was the worse!I wish I had bought a Stokke Kinder-Zeat . I am buying those for my sister who has twins . If I had bought those I would still be using them for my three children age 2 , 5 and 7 .
 My parents bought this High Chair for me upon my request . I thought it was lovely , nice and netural to match the decor in my kitchen . What I did n't realize was that there is a wooden bar , under the removable tray , that is a `` permenant restraint '' . Since it is not adjustable , it is very difficult to get a child in and out of for feedings . There is hardly any room from the back of the chair , to the bar . I could only imagine the difficulty , and the amount of discomfort , if I kept this chair and my son grew with age . This chair is not meant for practical use . I think the only thing it is good for is decoration .
 Big and bulky . No curvature in the back so little one is really not comfy . Does n't have the recommended 3 point saftey harness . Waste of money .
 I bought this chair because it matched my kitchen and since we knew it would be sitting out all the time that was important to me . When my daughter was first using the chair it was great because it is very sturdy and the belly/leg straps held her inside . However , she is now 10 months old and feeding herself . The chair has become very hard to keep clean . Along the sides of the chair -LRB- beside your child 's legs -RRB- are what look like wooden rails . Food gets stuck between the rails and underneath the back padding . I either have to suck the food out with the vaccuum cleaner or push it through the rails with a butter knife in order to get all of the pieces and parts out . The chair would be much better without these rails or if the entire white plastic piece was removable . My suggestion would be to look for another sturdy chair that is easier to keep clean .
 I bought this stroller for my 2 year old on the internet and would have never bought it had i seen it in person . I was hoping to get a light weight sturdy stroller that would last until my daughter didnt need it anymore . Instead the stroller is `` mushy '' when you push it and it is extremely hard to steer and handles terrible on all but the smoothest surfaces . It is almost impossible to get up curbs and even turning corners is difficult . It feels like the entire stroller is going to fall apart . In addtion , this stroller isnt made for people over 5 ' 7 '' . I am 5 ' 9 '' and the handle is too short my poor husband who is 6 ' 3 '' has to nearly bend over to push it . It is a poorly designed and made product and i wouldnt waste your time or money on it .
 if you need a stroller for everyday use , this is not it . I use it everyday and the wheels have worn out , the safety harness is too big , and ca n't be adjusted , my daughter weighs 25 pound and I feel its going to break soon , I have had it for 4 months and I wish I had bought another stroller , so not worth the money .
 I am so disapointed with this stroller . It was between this and the Maclaren , and I wanted to be different ! Ugh ... It is sooo hard to steer . The wheels do n't turn well . It takes both hands with full arm strength to turn . It is sooo annoying . It also is very bumpy . No shocks what so ever ... . For the money i should have just got a cheap umbrella stroller . What a waste !!!
 I bought this as our child had multiple well documented ear infections . I found this very difficult to use - could not visualize the ear drum/membrane very well . After trying for a couple of times , I went ahead , returned this and bought a medical grade otoscope by ADC -LRB- available via Amazon -RRB- , and liked that a lot . Though this is a good looking instrument , and seems to be designed well , I am not sure why it doesnt work very well in visualizing the eardrum . I am pretty sure it isnt merely my technique - the ADC otoscope works very well in my hands . .
 Summer Infant Ear & Throat Exam Kit was really inexpensive . It felt like it was made by fisher Price and was only a toy . I was hoping for a better product tht I could actualy examine my son 's ears in regards to infection and tube placement . I was unable to use it for its titled use
 I should have either gone with a more expensive model or skipped out altogether on this purchase . It 's basically a toy . The tip constantly falls off . I realize it is meant to be replacable , but it should n't stay in the ear of the person your looking into the ear of . Being what I now know about ear infections -LRB- that they do n't necessarily need to be treated every time -RRB- , I think I should just leave the diagnosing to the professionals and then I can decide whether or not to administer antibiotics.The good news is that when my son is old enough that the peices are not considered a choking hazard , I can probably give this to him to play doctor with .
 I did n't care that the play yard is ugly . I just needed it to be functional . However , while putting it up , one of the corner `` joints '' shattered . It was so frustrating ! We ended up sending back the piece of garbage , and we bought a beautiful bronze metal play yard . Sure , this yard is much , much cheaper . However , it did n't save us any money , because it turned out to be so fragile that it was useless for our purpose .
 My daughter can knock this right over . Needs to be made stronger , I wouldnt trust it to keep an infant or toddler from getting out . I also have another play yard made of metal that is much sturdier , made from Regalo , -LRB- 4 in 1 metal play yard -RRB- but North States also makes one that looks the same .
 This play yard is basically low quality , and useless . Unless you are going to leave it in one spot , and never move or open it ... dont buy it ! You have to use a ton of force to move the joints , which makes it very difficult to set up and take down . The plastic bends and almost breaks when you try to fold or unfold it . The `` gate '' to get in is so hard to use that it is easier to just step over it . A piece of the plastic was broken when I received it , which makes me think it wo n't last long . I bought this to use inside and outside , but if I keep it -LRB- which I do n't plan to -RRB- I would never move it because it is so hard to use . Worst joint design I have ever seen !
 I used this gate for a month . At first , I thought it was a good product -LRB- My 9 month baby hated being contained , she screams every time I put her in the gate , but that 's a different story . -RRB- Today , I tried to move it to make some room in the living room . I lifted , and it just cracked !! Now it has a huge crack in one of the corner . -LRB- Please see the photo -RRB- I do n't think it 's safe to use anymore . My baby can pinch her finger in the crack.Suggestion
 Mine acted as though it was a lemon ; it required brute force to unfold it , hook it together and broke into smal pieces when refolding it to return to Amazon .
 When the gate arrived it seemed in fine condition but after we put it up and used it my son broke it just by leaning on it . It is not very strong and I do n't recommend it for those who have boys .
 We were very excited and eagerly waiting for this once we had ordered it . We went by the wonderful reviews that it had received and thought it would be perfect for our 8 month old . But we were very disappointed with the product . It is so hard to close and open , that it 's not practical at all . I 'm surprised that it 's got such good reviews . We definitely do n't recommend this product - do n't waste your time / money / energy . Thank God for returns . Now we 're on the look out for a play yard that actually works .
 I purchased this in store and needed it for my 6 month old who was n't crawling yet but rolled all over the place . It was easy to set up and is very sturdy , but it does n't actually swing open . It worked fine for us semi-closed for a few months but once my daughter started crawling she refused to stay in such a confined space for more than a few minutes at a time . Now we broke it in two pieces to fence off certain areas but in a few more weeks when she is strong enough to climb on it , it will be completely useless.Do not get it if you ca n't climb over it . It does n't actually swing . Do not get it if you plan on folding it up . It is SOOO difficult , feels like it will snap any second . I also doubt any child/baby would be happy being confined in it for longer than 10 minutes . I wish I thought more long term and purchased doorway gates instead .
 The shipping was fast . I love the padding so it does n't slide on my floors . My only issue with this gate is the second day I used it one of the end panels broke as I was trying to fold it back together
 I was so excited for this to get here to help keep my little crawler from getting into too much trouble when I ca n't be sitting right next to him . Unfortunately it is extremely difficult to bend at the hinges and one or two of the panels are warped . I read the directions carefully but can not get the gate to close . Being such a hassle to get it into the hexagon in the first place , I have a hard time imagining the task of setup and take down each time we want to use it . I will give it a little longer to get used to it -- maybe the hinges will loosen a bit , I will figure out the elusive trick to closing it , and the warped panel will stop driving me crazy -- but as of now I am awfully disappointed .
 This thing is a royal PITA to set up . You have to use extreme force to disengage the caps , pull the section out , align the way you want it , and then , somehow , put the section back together . If you are planning to set this thing up and then store it on a regular basis ... . forget about it . Way TOO MUCH TROUBLE !!!! I was going to use this as a barrier to keep my dogs away from the wood burning stove . I wanted to be able to fold it out of the way at night but it 's awkward and troublesome to manipulate.Hope this helps .
 We received the item 3 weeks ago to keep our 1 year old in particular rooms / areas . It has proven to be light enough for her to manipulate past and has broken at one of the joints . The thing that prompted me to write this review was the fact that my 2 year old just stepped on a shard of the breakage that was very difficult to see on our carpet . I wish I could show a pic of this shard as it is very jagged and large enough to wedge quite deeply into a child 's skin yet small enough to choke on .
 I ordered two sets and the panels arrived somewhat warped - I did n't think it was an issue until I tried connecting the panels , and the warping really caused the structure to be very unsturdy . Just one kick from my 6-month old baby made the panels wobble a lot . I 'm not risking keeping it to see what she can do with it when she pulls herself up!The panels were also really difficult to disconnect and connect - I got really annoyed doing that , but stepping over with a baby is n't very easy either when you 're 5ft 4in and the panels are 26in high !
 this was the first play yard my wife and i purchased for our one year old . Guess what after opening and closing the play yard a few times the product broke at one of the joints . Like allot of people have said the product is light and flimsy . Besides if you do not want your child to climb out of the gate dont buy this product . So instead we purchased another gate system that we returned and finally settled on the north states gate system 3 in 1 metal . buy this instead
 they did n't last , they snapped into when trying to put to gather or taking them apart . even a small dog was able to push them over . had to tie the tops to keep the dogs from pushing them over
 I had lots of problems with this pen . Mine would not change positions . I had lots of trouble trying to get the panels to go in a different direction . I ended up breaking it in spots trying to get it to manuever . And it is not very stable . The one positive about the design is that my dogs could NOT climb over it like they can other pens . I wish it would have been easier to adjust for me due to the fact that my dogs could not get out of it !
 I did n't like the Superyard Classix XT Gate Play Yard . It 's much heavier that I expected . It was hard to open and close to an appropriate shape . Though it indicates it is a good hard for pets -LRB- which is what I needed -RRB- ... it is much too high to bend down over to pick up a dog . Would probably be ok for kids ... again , if you do n't mind bending over the tall sides and picking them up .
 After the play yard was set up , the first thing our 8 month old tried to do was climb up the side . She was standing herself up by climbing up the side and then once standing she 'd stick her little toes in the mesh and start scaling the side . The mesh siding of this model make this possible as opposed to the more expensive models with bars . Needless to say we had to return this and the extension costing us the expensive return shipping fees for both separately -LRB- but that 's the chance you take when buying from Amazon -RRB- . This gate may be great for most little ones but steer clear if you have a little acrobat like ours .
 I was shocked at the small space this enclosure actually allowed . The image of two kids playing in the hexagon is totally misleading . My dogs , one 25 lbs and one 47 lbs , could barely lay down inside this space . I wish there was a realistic area information graphic to help understand the relative size of the space . Otherwise , the product breaks down easily . It could use a door though . Picking up my 47 lb dog and dropping her into the space was pretty comical .
 I 'm a little surprised at the great reviews this item has gotten . It was much bigger -LRB- think thicker -RRB- than I anticipated . I live in a small condo and there was literally no place to store this thing . Secondly , it was difficult to open and collapse the pieces . I needed something I could set up quickly in the mornings , this did n't fit the bill for my needs . As always though , Amazon was awesome about returning it .
 I purchased this for my 4 month old pomeranian puppy and for the first few weeks it was perfect . I only use this pen while I 'm away and ca n't supervise my puppies play but I 'll never use it again . She got her left front leg caught in one of the openings and broke her kneecap . She 's in a cast and will be for the next 4-6 weeks and may still need surgery to repair what I thought was going to keep her safe .
 I bought this play yard to contain an older pet while I was working . It was fine for about 3 weeks then became more difficult to open . After about 4 weeks it began to break and as of the 5th week , it became totally useless . I should 've spent the $ 60 on a sturdier child gate . This is a cheap , plastic piece of junk ! So if you plan to use this more than once or twice a year , probably you should keep looking .
 I purchased two of these gates for my twins with hopes of connecting them together forming a rectangle around their existing play mat . This product certainly could not perform that function . My 10m/os tipped it over immediately . Then we tried the gates as advertised , individually as hexagons , and they still were able to move them.The worst part was trying to return them . They were placed in one order , but Amazon shipped them as two . When requesting a ` call tag ' to retrieve them , they only picked up one box . The other remained on my front porch . Multiple emails and calls finally rid me of the other gate and I received my refund.I ended up buying two Kidco Playdens PD10 . They connected together in the 8 ' X 4 ' configuration I needed -LRB- I called Kidco first to make sure -RRB- , there is two swinging entries , it is very sturdy , it is taller than the Superyard , and they can not climb it . This solution costs more , but was really my only option.For children of the age where they are challenging their standing and climbing skills , I would keep moving when looking at this product .
 I bought this item when my daughter was 9 months old . It was only good for few days . When she learned to stand , she also learned to climb it ! Her toes fits perfectly on the holes . I put on her shoes , but then she had a strong grip and uses her hands and pull herself up or hangs on it . Manufacturer should redesign this item , by making its poles into horizontal like most gates , and not the diamond shape holes . This product is only good for infants learning to crawl , but not when they learn to stand ... and figure out that they can climb it too ! I would say this product is only appropriate for 0-9 months old ; those who are learning to crawl ; and those infants who can not stand yet .
 We were so disappointed with this enclosure system we returned it the next day . The hinge mechanism between the panels is not easy to use . To position the panels into a circle is surprisingly difficult . The worst part is that as I forced the hinges into the angle required I could feel the plastic flexing . I could tell that it was a matter of time before I either broke off a plastic hinge or broke a plastic panel . I thought for sure I was doing something wrong because this product has received so many positive reviews . I carefully re-read the instructions , and I concluded that I was using the product as directed . We were hoping to easily deploy and then store this enclosure on almost a daily basis . Given the difficulty of operation , and poor design it was an easy decision to return this product . Fortunately , the Amazon return procedure was quite easy . I hope this review is helpful . I usually do not take the time to write reviews , but hopefully I can help someone avoid wasting their time on this piece of junk .
 I bought this `` play yard '' for my Soft Coated Wheaten Terrier puppy . I use it whenever I ca n't watch him but do n't want to confine him in a crate . The gate serves its purpose , but I 'm not crazy about it.First , one of the pictures supplied by North States looks like you can open and close one panel like a door . That picture is really misleading . Removing one of those panels is no easy feat.Second , adjusting the play yard is not as `` hassle free '' as they claim . It takes a good bit of strength and patience - and it 's loud.I would n't recommend this product , nor would I ever buy it again . Instead , I would splurge on a more expensive gate that 's less clumsy and easier to use .
 very hard to change position of rails and to connect . Some pieces broke a bit trying to do . Also much smaller than expected . Not worth the $ 50 for a toddler but maybe better for a small pet .
 I received the 8 panel play yard as a gift for my new Havanese puppy . He is 6 months old and weighs 7 lbs . It only took him 2 days to `` scale the wall . '' I had to return it . Since it was a gift I 'm awaiting a credit in the form of a gift card from Amazon before I can purchase another more reliable item . I would n't recommend it except perhaps for a toy dog of some sort .
 I bought this for my 7 month old son who was crawling everywhere . I was hoping it would keep him in one place . Within a week of the purchase , he started pulling himself up and `` cruising '' at which point I realized this would NOT work for us . Its extremely wobbly and does not stay in place . When he leans on the panel , it leans forward ... forcing him to loose his balance . My son is way to strong and active for this . If your child is stationary and does n't move around much , this might work ... otherwise DO NOT buy this .
 I thought I had purchased the same gate I had from somewhere else . This was n't the same one . This one is shorter , which is n't a problem for us , having a small dog , but is way too stiff to maneuver . I wish I 'd just bought another from the place I bought the first one , but this was cheaper and free shipping . Bad idea to get this to save a couple bucks . Fingers can be easily pinched trying to operating this playyard and I can see children getting pinched fingers -LRB- as well as adults trying to latch this thing -RRB- . It needs a regular gate or something to make it easier to get in and out off . This play yard is not engineered for consumer-friendly use .
 I did n't believe it until I saw it with my own eyes . My 9 pound dog can jump this fence . I suppose it was a waste of money-my pup figured it out in less than one month of owning the fence .
 I bought this for a new puppy and it just slides around on our hardwood floors . Needs rubber feet or something to keep it in one place . I found the panels impossible to adjust once they were interlocked . It is difficult to open and close . I just ended up lifting the puppy out of it instead of trying to open the panels . One of the panels was so hard to open it broke within three weeks of purchasing it .
 This pen was great at first . It did a really good job of containing my puppy -LRB- 14 weeks old -RRB- when I could n't directly supervise her for the first four days . On the fifth day , she figured out how to climb out . She 's not all that big , but she managed to hold on to the top with her front paws and climb up the plastic mesh with her back paws and jump out . Once she figured it out , she was climbing out constantly . I had to return the pen and switch to a crate any time she needed to be contained . I 'd recommend this ONLY for very small dogs or dogs that are not strong enough to climb up and over the side .
 I purchased this gate when my twins were 4 months old and was disappointed from the beginning by how flimsy and cheaply made it was . It was also extremey difficult to change the shape and with no gate , it was hard to step in and out of it . At 9 months just as my twins started to learn to pull up , one of them climbed to the top of the gate and fell head first onto our wood floor . This gate has a terrible deisgn and is very easy to climb which is extremely dangerous . It is in no way safe for babies once they learn to stand . The panels should have up and down bars similar to cribs . The hexagon openings are the perfect size for little feet to climb . This product needs to be recalled .
 I bought this item about a month ago and really have loved i it . A nice spacious area for my 6 month old to play in safely ... until I tried to fold it back down to travel for the holidays . The 8 panels are connected with joints . Unfortunately , in trying to fold the joints , the panels did not fold at the joints , instead the plastic seemed to just snap . This happened in 6 of the 8 panels . It produces sharp shards of plastic . Clearly not something that is safe for use around a child.I am disappointed because it was great having a large area for my daughter to play in . But , it certainly does not open up easily or fold down without issue.Back to looking for another safe play yard !!
 It 's sturdy and surely keeps toddlers inside safely , but disassembling is almost impossible without frustration . You need to push one corner down REALLY hard to get the top part come loose . I feel the pressure I 'm putting to disassemble it can throw my daughter away if I hit her accidentally . For this price , there is a room for improvement .
 This item arrived and was already cracked . I immediately returned it and purchased the Friendly Toys Little Playzone with Sounds and Lights . I 'd recommend skipping this one and moving right onto the other Playzone ... though it 's a bit more expensive , it 's better quality .
 We ordered this for our 9-month-old who was becoming increasingly mobile . Our small house is impossible to child proof , with a wood stove , a heavy wooden ladder for the attic , etc. so we wanted to create a safe , fenced-in play area for our little one . I wish that I listened to the negative reviews instead of considering the overwhelming majority of positive reviews.It could very well be that our gate would 've functioned if it had n't snapped as soon as I adjusted it for the first time . All I did was bend the joint to create a slight angle , which it should 've been able to do without breaking . The hinge broke at the top so , in addition to a sharp piece of plastic sticking out , we had an extremely unstable gate . It buckled every time our son pulled on it . Again , whether this is because the hinge broke or because of an otherwise present structural flaw , I do n't know . All I know is that it was a risk to my boy 's safety and certainly did n't give us the safe space we intended to create.The only reason I do n't say `` Do n't waste your time or money '' in my title and only implore you not to waste your time is because Amazon has an excellent return policy . Because I returned it due to a defect in the product , Amazon refunded me the cost of shipping , too . I will probably end up getting one of the metal gates with straight , vertical bars . They are pricier , but they are far more structurally sound and will hold up to a lot of pulling and climbing by my boy , who 's almost a year old now .
 Do n't waste your time or money on this product . It is weak and was very hard to adjust.Evertime I had to move it or open it it would be a challenge and end up pinching my finger or hand . I could n't find any way of adjusting between the panels to make it easier . I thought I would try it but I 'm returning it and getting the Summer Infant Secure Surround Play Safe Play Yard instead . This is a better product and you can adjust the tension between the panels so it makes it eaiser to move .
 This play yard is practically useless ... once you put it in place , you pretty much have to leave it there . I had plans to take it outside to confine my daughter or take it with us to family 's houses but it 's nearly impossible to change the angles or fold up in any way . When I tried to fold it up to move it , it cracked in 2 places and I was n't being rough with it at all . I just feel like this purchase was a total waste of money !
 This gate , although intended for children , is not safe ! It does n't say anywhere in the instructions or description that you should bolt it to the ground , or that you should make sure they do n't go near it or they will move it.I have twins , and I bought this gate , mounted in the suggested hexagonal shape , on top of non-lid foam mat , typed it -LRB- with carpenter 's double sided tape -RRB- to the mat , and it 'd still move when my twins try to pull themselves up -LRB- which they 're learning to do at 10 months old -RRB- . Aditionally , I 'd like to mention that I thought -LRB- when purchasing this -RRB- that having a door was not a must ; but after having to jump in an out of the play area many times a day , carrying at least a baby , or trying to pick up a baby bending in and lifting it , I realized , having a door is essential !!! A couple of physical therapists who come to work with my girls fell down getting out of the North States Superyard XT ; and I did too fell down when rushing to pick up one of my daughters who have fallen down.I too bought two Kidco Playdens PD10 , and they are FANTASTIC !
 I just got the superyard XT gate , the plastic cover around one hinge is already broken into some sharp pieces . I will have to return it .
 Item looks nice . However , I struggled for 3 hours trying to assemble this thing ! I ended up with three broken nails and the pieces still were apart . Big frustration .
 We have used this for our new puppy when we travel and it is effective . Stores easily and is lightweight and compact . My complaint is the ease of setting it up - it sucks ! The detects in the panel connectors require manly strength to open and close - very frustrating !
 I bought thisone when my lil one was 6months . She stayed inside of it for first half an hour and we were arround the cage . She thought it was a game or toy . Once she realized it was meant to keep her inside she started screaming and she never stay inside quitely for 5 secs . As soon as we put her in the cage she start screaming . Product wise it is good but it has practically no use for me .
 First of all , and the greatest problem , my son freaked out when I put him inside of this . He cried and hung on the side the whole time until I `` freed '' him . It does work and is a good size , but it is so cold , utilitarian , and almost ugly in it 's bare functionality . It is an eye sore in the living room . It is really better suited for a pet than a baby or toddler . I have n't used it again after the first time .
 I bought this for my quadruped baby and within 25 minutes , she had climbed out of it . I suppose it works better for babies than puppies . Frankly , I was really disappointed . Apparently the `` mesh '' on the playpen makes it ideal for little doggy feet to get a toe-hold and just climb right on out.However , it is quite sturdy and strong and I was impressed with its quality . The downside is , it is NOT easy to set up and move around . The hinged-joints at each panel are hard , hard , HARD to adjust and move .
 I ordered this item about two weeks ago with my Amazon Prime account and I have not received it ! I have a crawling and pulling-up 7 month old and this item is greatly needed . Thank alot Amazon ... you have disappointed me !
 Yes , this product pens in your kid and does it well . However , it 's a grey industrial looking hunk of plastic that far too resembles a prison cell for my taste . Hell , it 's even made by a company called `` North State '' . It even sounds like a prison.Maybe if they bothered to offer it in colors other then grey and white .
 I personally did n't buy this gate , specifically because of the alarming number of reviews I found online about plastic shards breaking off of it . The following are only two of MANY reviews I found : `` Buyer Beware . We had two different gates sent to us . The initial one was missing a part . The second one had little pieces that were falling off of it the size of a piece of rice and sharper then you can imagine . We found this out because our nine month old was gagging on a piece - then investigated and found two other pieces on the floor . We took the part we needed out of the new gate and put it in the first one we received . We looked , and though that one looked okay . Last night I found two pieces that had broken off on the floor , thankfully before my son did . This happened to us twice - not a coincidence . I have talked to guest relations and they are putting out a product recall . This could have been a FATAL situation with our son ! '' `` DO NOT BUY THIS ! I CA N'T BELIEVE I ORDERED THIS ! Even after seeing one review that said they found dangerous shards of the product on the floor , their child had choked on these pieces . I just recieved the product and looked it over , it looked fine , set it up and put my 7 month old in it . He cried a bit so I climbed in ... that is when I found some small rice sized VERY SHARP ! pieces of the gate that had fallen off from it . I ca n't figure out where they came from . I assumed the other review must be a fluke or that the problem was fixed as they said the company was suposed to put a recall . I called the company to complain and they said they had never heard of the problem , and only offered to send a replacement gate . If a small child swallowed one of these incredibly sharp pieces it has the potential to be fatal !! DO NOT BUY !!!!! `` In short , the product should probably be recalled . Do not put your children at risk !!
 We bought the super play yard and the XT extension as a play area for our twins . For * that * its wonderful . However , today I fell trying to get in and out of it . I am pregnant and its very awkward to use . The manufacturer gives instructions on how to open and close from the panels , but , this only works well as the 18 square foot octagon shape . When its the 6 by 6 square with the extension , when you open the gate one whole side has to be swung open and the play area resists . Not to mention that if you have twins in it , you have to try and close it back up one handed while transitioning one twin in/out so that whoever is in it while you retrieve the other ca n't lean on the play yard wall and possibly hurt themselves while you attend to the other twin . And whats sad is that this gating system is primarily used by mothers of multiples.What bothered me is that North States is known for their infant gates , and could n't come up with an optional gate to purchase with the play yard that would be easier for moms of multiples to use . Theres just no easy way to `` push down one side while lifting up the other '' when you are holding a BABY.I am very disappointed with this system . I think its good for those only using it for one child , but for multiples -LRB- what its needed most for -RRB- its pretty inefficient .
 a horribly sad excuse for rug rat control.if you do n't have the commitment or `` a village '' to raise your children `` hands on `` put them up for adoption before you make a huge mistake .
 This item would work well if your child is in the crawling stage . However , if your child is walking then this is not for them . My son is able to push the gate where he wants it . And because it is so light he is also able to pick it up and escape .
 This product is very awkward , and is impossible to secure . I contacted the seller to return the item as defective and they have informed me that they do not accept `` used or open '' baby items - even though I obviously had to open the box to discover that the item is defective . The seller refuses to compensate for shipping costs and did n't even both suggesting sending out a new gate as a return option . I received extremely redundant emails such as this below - Let me state that when I sent BOTH return evals I selected `` defective '' on the drop down box as to the reason for the return . I suspect that the seller is unable to relate that to the following description of the problem . This is the second or third email I received from them . As you can see - they are unwilling to accept any responsibility . Note
 I purchased this gate based upon the great reviews . I unfortunately had the opposite experience . I found that the gate was very difficult to open , just as difficult to close , and the gate also has to be placed in a certain position so that it wont tip . My mom pointed out that one of the gates was cracked on top . Most likely from the force required to open and close . I am returning this gate immediately .
 It broke the 2nd day . I still use it , but its not very safe for my baby anymore .
 I would have to say that this is not worth buying . The reason ... if you want to keep your child from roaming around while you are out of the room , like cleaning the kitching , this will not do it , for all he/she has to do is move it to where he/she wants to go . also it will tip over if your child leans over to much on one side . We bought the play yard to make sure our child was safe while we cleaned up the house , well , he moved it . He also was able to bend it out of shape -LRB- which could have pinched his fingers -RRB- he moved the play yard all over the house and was able to get into things that he should not have.so if I could I would returned it , or if I read something like this review , I would not have bought it.on a scale from 1 to 10 I would have to give it a 3
 I purchased this for my 7 month old grandson , but he climbs it and gets stuck at the top . From the outside he does the same thing and nearly topples the whole thing onto himself . This would be ideal for a baby who is not so active .
 We have gotten a lot of use out of this gate blocking a wide entry to the kitchen . The ends are sandwiched behind the sofa and entertainment center so we do n't have to worry about it tipping over . It 's great just stationary but I have broken two of the panels now when folding it/unfolding it . I 'm not very strong so I do n't think it 's a good sign that I 've already busted two in the six months we 've been using it . I wish it were made out of better material .
 I got this to keep my child safe while she plays but this thing came missing parts to put together . Nothing a trip to the local homedepot could n't fix but a bit of a hassle to put together when everything should have been in the box .
 I tried to reposition a section to add 2 sections and it broke ; now , because of the male/female hook-ups , I am only able to use it with the same amount of sections as it came , with one broken and the other un-usable .
 When i bought this . . i thought this would be little spacier . . but seems to be a very small one . . you definitely need two of them to give some room for your kid to roam around otherwise within minute they will get bored and start cranking . Also not so stable on carpets ... if your baby leans on it . . it comes down a bit . So your baby is scared sometimes of the movement in the frames .
 Item arrived in a dented package -LRB- not from the mail , the cardboard had been scraped but not the outside of the mailed package -RRB- . The instructions were pretty well useless , which would be fine if putting it together were as simple as it should be . The tabs and whatnot were sized incorrectly . I guess it does keep the socks from mixing with the underwear , but that 's about it . I do n't recommend this .
 I was initially excited but decided to return these . First , the drawers that I wanted to put them in do not open completely . These dividers will basically make the back of the drawer completely unaccessible . This is the case for all kinds of cabinet drawers that are on sliders . Maybe this wo n't be an issue for some furniture.These also are more complicated to set up than you would think . You have to break each of the dividers to fit and hope you do n't make a mistake.Overall , not impressed .
 I ordered this extention with the superyard as there 's many reviews praised them . However , when I got it , I had to return them . There is no door on the superyard and the extention . For me -LRB- 5 ' -3 '' -RRB- , it 's very hard to step in and out of the superyard with baby in my arms . I think the superyard without door is a tripping hazard . I think this is UNSAFE . I contacted the manufacturer , they admit the superyard does not have a door . Think twice before you order it .
 I love the way this looks , but it does ' t stay on the spout , so is n't worth much as a spout protector !
 I agree with Jack 's mom . My infant can get this off EASILY . Waste of money .
 My faucet does n't have a knob on top , and seems pretty standard to me , but this thing will not stay on . It 's cute , but I 'm sorry I wasted the $ $ .
 This spout protector is made of a hard plastic so it is n't much safer than the metal spout . If you spout has a pull knob on the top to send the water to the shower head then this turtle wo n't fit over your spout making it useless . I wish they would have disclosed this in the information section . I ended up buying an air filled protector .
 We purchased 2 of these gates for the bottom and top of our stairs . This gate is flimsy and cheap . The locking mechanism aligns with an eye clip , and you have to ensure both the bottom metal hook sits into the eye clip while at the same time squeezing the top lock to open it then grasp around the top eye clip ! Not an easy thing to do ... it also does NOT secure the width of the gate , it has an open sliding design so if you over-slide it you 're jamming the metal gate locks into the wall . My -LSB- ... -RSB- was not able to squeeze the lock , and I also had a difficult time . I would NOT reccomend this gate , it 's too chintzy and difficult for day to day life .
 The gate was easy to install and looks fine , if a little chitzy . BUT , the latch is near impossible to do one handed , and really hard to do with two . You certainly ca n't do it with the light off . Sort of a drag when you have to go through it in the middle of the night . THe top and bottom each only clicks into the eye part of hook and eye set . I do n't think it 's that sturdy . I would n't recommend this gate if you have to go through it often . Lots of them are much easier .
 Bought this gate for the top of our staircase ... and returned it the very next day . The quality was poor - it seemed very flimsy , and I was concerned as to whether it would hold up if my 18 month old or 3 year old pushed or pulled on it . It was also extremely difficult to latch - you had to line up a hook/eye at the bottom and squeeze in and lock into place at the top all at once ... not an easy task with a child in your hand . Yes , this gate has a bargain price - but I quickly figured out why ! Might be sufficient for a doorway , but definitely would not recommend for staircases .
 Slats are too far apart.Would not reccommend for small pets or puppys.I had a puppy and it would not work .
 Do not waste your money on this gate . It is cheap and flimsy and absolutely not safe for a child unless securely mounted into wood . I installed this and lined up the mounting brackets in a stud , but the screws they give you with it are so short that they can not drill into the wood of the stud if you have standard drywall . The screws will be loose and just grinding the drywall . A child of any significant weight would easily knock this down after enough wear and tear . Also the eye hooks are difficult to work with , and again must be installed into wood -LRB- or metal -RRB- , but seriously who has metal walls in their house ! There are much better gates than this .
 We found this gate a huge inconvenience . We were attracted to it initially because it was wood , rather than plastic , but it seems flimsy and it 's difficult to latch at the bottom . The eye for the hook got twisted out of alignment regularly.We installed it before we really needed it and quickly took it down because it was such a hassle to walk through and open and close multiple times a day . So , I ca n't speak to how it does with a baby pulling on it etc , but we hated this gate . Since we did n't install it for a while after we bought it we were unable to return it -LRB- so much for being prepared -RRB- . It is currently in our closet and was a complete waste of money . We invested in a self-closing , sturdier metal one and we love it -LRB- it 's a Munchkin -RRB- . As another reviewer said , it 's almost impossible to work the latch with one hand and often I have a baby in the other , so it just does n't work.If you 're going to put it in a high traffic area you 'll need to pass through often I would invest in one with a better latching system , instead . And when I say invest , we spent an extra $ 10 . This gate is not cheap but it should be because it 's poorly designed and flimsy .
 I needed a strudy , hardware-mounted gate for the top of the stairs . This product fell apart . The materials are light and flimsy . For example , the hook that actually closes the gate does not hold up to normal wear and tear , does n't close properly without a lot of effort , and is generally a piece of junk . It does mount easily and might hold out a small dog , but not children , and should not be used ever in a high-traffic area where you 'll need to open and close it regularly .
 The color is dark pink that does n't match with the normal pinks we have for the kids room . Otherwise its good .
 Our 2 1/2 year old daughter has always been a good height for her age -LRB- 75th + % -RRB- , so we figured any kid stool would work for getting up on the potty and also reaching the sink to wash her hands . She received this Dora stool for her b ` day , and it 's just too short to be much help . Six months later -LRB- and noticeably taller -RRB- , she still has to work to get on the potty , and reaching the sink is impossible . Also , it 's very lightweight , so if she stands too close to any edge of the stool , it tends to tip over . I 'm sure it 's a fine stool for bigger kids , but my toddler needs a taller , sturdier boost .
 This stool is a complete waste of money . It is too short to allow my toddler to reach the toilet OR the taps on the sink . It is too light to stay in place if he happens to tap it with his toe while he is trying to step up on it -LRB- even though it has a non-slip grip around the cheap plastic edges -RRB- . It is not wide enough to make him feel reassured that he has plenty of room to stand on without watching his feet carefully carefully , which is hard for a young toddler.SKIP this stool and all the other ones like it like Dora , Bjorn , etc. . I got the KidKraft Step N Store , and it is everything the others are not . It is heavy so it does n't move easily . It is much higher so toddler can actually comfortably reach the toilet AND the sink . There are two problems with it though , but we could work around those problems whereas we could not work around the problems with the cheap plastic stools . On the KidKraft the painted surfaces can be slippery especially if the child wears socks in the house . We put a non-slip film or rubber on ours , and on the feet too . Also the KidKraft manufacturing is quite poor and we had to improvise with one screw hole that was not drilled properly . But the KidKraftKidKraft Step 'N Store - Whitehas been good ever since , although toddlers seem a bit unsteady on it when they have to turn around at the top to sit on the toilet.We also tried The Potty Stool.The Potty StoolIt was totally worth it . It is much more expensive than all the other stools , but it is high enough for a toddler to reach the toilet , it has long rails so they are completely secure , and it is sturdy . Also , we did n't have to modify it like we did the KidKraft stool .
 I ordered the Sesame Street stepstool pictured above , but that 's not what I received . Instead of the green stepstool with all of the Sesame Street characters that is pictured , I receieved a white stepstool with Elmo only . Just before writing this review , I searched the Amazon site for `` Elmo stepstool '' and still could n't find anything like what I actually received , so I have no idea where Amazon even got this thing.Beyond the design mistake , the photo is also misleading in its representation of the stool 's dimensions . I read the dimensions in the product description and , then studying the photo , believed that it was tall and wide from left to right , but narrow from front to back . This is not the case . The height is the shortest of the dimensions at just over 5 '' , so it does absolutely nothing to aid my daughter in reaching the toilet or any faucets in the house.This is the worst purchase I 've ever made from Amazon , and I would not have made it if the product information was more accurate . Thanks for nothing , Amazon .
 I bought this for my 2 year old as she was toliet training to help her get on the potty and to reach the sink as she was washing her hands . It is not even high enough to reach the sink -LRB- not its fault -- but it is a very low stool -RRB- , so it is pretty useless for that purpose . Even at our lower sink , she still can not use it for that . For the toliet , we have a tile floor , and the bottom of the stool is plastic with no rubber covering so the stool slides everywhere , so she can not actually use it to climb on to the toliet . It slides everywhere and she has fallen.I gave it two stars because it is a cute stool and if you are using it for another purpurse , such as maybe a playroom or something else , it is a cute stool , but most moms I know buy these kind of things for potty training . It it NOT for that purpose . Try something with a rubberized bottom or something multilevel or higher .
 I bought 2 packs of this wanting to child-proof my home . I could n't figure out how to attach it to drawers or cabinets and neither could my husband , my uncle , or my dad . So they 're still sitting in a drawer , not being used . Complete waste of money !
 These locks did not install quickly , my husband had a difficult time aligning the separate pieces in a way that allowed the magnets to operate properly . One of the drawers wo n't close unless I press hard on the direct spot where the lock is located . Another issue is the magnet ` key ' which I would n't have known to order had I not read it in a previous review . If you do n't order the four pack of locks you must order the key separately ! Overall , a lot of fuss and we end up leaving them unlocked because they are a nuisance .
 These do not work on my cabinets . I gave it a two star rating because they seem very difficult to put in , do n't tell you they may not work with your cabinet , and have a SHORT return date . I got 2 days ?? at most . If you 're cabinets are the kind that have the regular flat top then these are fine . However , if yours are like mine and have about a 1 inch top and then go farther up then these will not work . The top of your cabinet has to be completely even and flat . Please note that before you buy these because no one told me and no review said it .
 cheap , not well thought out , pretty useless for me.threw them out.sorry could not be more positive , waste of money for me .
 This is a terribly designed product . I am going to throw them out because :1 . the screws are so bad that two of the first three broke as I tried to use them , even though I was screwing into wood using a hand screwdriver . They seem to be made of the softest metal imaginable .2 . It is quite difficult to install the other piece in exactly the right location so that they fit together well .3 . Even once I installed it with my own screws , the drawer could not close all the way.I will use rubber bands instead and look for something better designed .
 I will say our apt cabinets are kind of awkward and the cabinets are deep so we ran into problems . I found these really hard to install . Our drill was needed and I could n't get into the tight spaces and I found it really difficult to hold the screws into place and try to drill around them . I just got the bracket piece into my drawer , which I could only do with the drawer out - and then realized that my drawer wo n't go back in with the piece sticking out so had to take it out . 30-45 minutes spent in my kitchen with my husband and I and we do n't have any babyproof cabinets or drawers .
 I purchased two safeseat step 2 toddler seats in stellar . Several weeks after our purchase we took the cover off of one and found that a large chunk of the `` saftey foam '' came off too . We figured it might have been that way from shipping and had the seat replaced . However , with the next seat we had them placed in the middle and door seat in a Durango . An adult leaned over the middle seat , to reach the door seat , and the foam popped off of that seat too . The foam is bulky and easy to damage , in our opinion . Also our two yr olds had no leg room in the first row of our 04 Quest if either front seat reclined .
 As with the other review on this car seat , after about two months of use , the foam on one side broke off of the car seat . I am now having to deal wtih trying to return it or exchange it but would rather get a different seat altogether .
 I really wanted this product to work . It was cheap and it would help keep my child from poking around in the refrigerator . And it worked great ... for four days before the plastic snapped . And once the plastic snapped , it obviously became useless.Save yourself some time and buy a sturdier fridge lock . This one was a waste .
 Attached item to the fridge per instructions . The next morning , my almost-2-year-old ripped it off . We are now using a much less expensive fridge lock that works like it should . Alas , this failed lock has n't gone completely to waste - we 've repurposed it by sticking the slider vertically to the cabinet to hang up bibs .
 The product looks exactly as promised , but the adhesive is so poor that one tug by my slight-framed 2-year old daughter and the adhesive came right off . Good idea and design , poor execution . Other products with better adhesive and locking mechanisms are out there which we immediately purchased and have held up to repeated efforts to raid the fridge and empty the contents all over the floor .
 My 3 year old was constantly taking things out of the refrigerator . I finally got tired of cleaning broken eggs up off the floor and his bed . I found this product in a google search . It worked great for the first month but now it will not stick to the refrigerator . Good product idea but need to figure out how to keep it sticky longer .
 This is another good idea that was butchered with a 3-m strip adhesive . I cleaned and mounted the latch and within minutes it fell off . The least bit of resistance and a piece would fall off . I plan on using glue to secure the device to my refrigerator , I feel that a heavy-duty glue will do a better job of keeping it on . Instead of remembering to bend latch every time you open the door is to give the long part a little more space , so you can manually attach it to the hook when you go to bed or are doing something in another part of the house . You will understand this last part if you buy the item .
 this product fell off the refrigerator soon after it was put on i had a hard time communicating with the seller for refund ultimately Amazon refunded me the product value using A-Z guarantee . The seller was very reluctant to speak or credit me back the money .
 I had high hopes that this product would keep my 2 year old out of the fridge , but it was n't even on for 30 minutes before she pulled it right off of the fridge . So sad that this product was cheap and unreliable .
 I have a 2 y/o in which I purchase this product for to keep him out of the fridge . I expected it to keep him out of the fridge , but he watched me open it with this product one time , and he figured it out . It did , however , slow him down from opening the fridge which gave me more time to catch him and stop him . I accidently bent the part that 's attached to the actual fridge and it would n't bend back to be used . So I just pulled the entire thing off . I only had it for about a month . I would n't recommend this for those who have VERY smart toddlers . I will continue my search for another product to keep my son out of the fridge for his health -LRB- literally -RRB- and safety .
 I wish I would 've read the reviews ... the glue does NOT stick ... the clip pops off EVERY TIME.I purchased this not to keep kids out , but to ensure my freezer -LRB- in garage -RRB- clicks closed -- after losing hundreds of dollars in meat cuz it did n't close all the way , I thought this product would be helpful - even just to hear an audible click -- but if you forget it 's there and pull . . SNAPPO ... the glue on the clip part -LRB- on door -RRB- pops RIGHT off ... like , zero effort . FAIL.waste of money : -LRB-
 My two year old reached up and undid the latch right after I installed the latch . If there were a higher , out of reach area on the fridge to put it it would work well but with at least my fridge , which I think is a standard size it is no good .
 Under standard use and conditions , this lock cracked after one month . Worked well up until then . Be careful when installing , you have to line the two pieces up just so to make it work .
 Put the latch on immediately when package arrived . My 3yr old only took 3hrs of studying us opening it to figure out how it worked . He was able to open it himself and after only 2 days the latch actually snapped in half when he was opening it . If you have a curious little one , or a child who likes to study things to see how they work this latch is not the right one for you .
 If a three year old can compromise this latch , it 's not worth a penny . Cheap plastic that ended up break just one week of using it .
 This product is an absolute piece of worthless garbage . Wasted time and extra money buying different types of glue to try to get the -LRB- bigger -RRB- `` latch '' half of the piece to stick to the fridge .
 The problem with this lock is that it does n't have a hinge , so every time you open the fridge door , you apply pressure against the adhesive side that is glued to the side of the fridge . After a a few uses , it peels off and the adhesive is no longer effective . Its a good idea that addresses a real need but the design needs refinement . At the very least , they need to use a better quality glue that withstands the wear .
 I placed the unit on a new refrigerator with a slightly dimpled suface . Of course it could not seal on this kind of surface so was always coming loose . I think it would be great on a better surface
 This product was useless . It worked for a few days and then the hook would not stick to the refrigerator . I would return it but I do n't want to spend another dollar on it . I would have felt better if I threw the money out the window or flushed it down the toilet instead of spending it on this product .
 This is the second fridge lock I have tried , and it was as disappointing as the other one . First , it was not easy to place the two pieces in just the right position in order to work properly . Then as we used it , the plastic latch started sticking out , requiring us to push it back into place each time we closed it . Within 2 weeks , my teeny tiny 2 year old daughter managed to yank the door open so hard that the plastic latch snapped on the bottom ; within a few days , my 6 year old son accidentally finished the job . So now it 's back to squawking at the kids to stop stealing cheese and blueberries .
 this lasted all of about 2 minutes before my son pulled the fridge and the thing snapped right off . The tape is terrible on it . My husband had pressed for over a minute on each sticky on it in order to be sure it was stuck on there good too . We had even given it overnight before opening the fridge to make sure it was really stuck . It 's made it straight to the trash . The crappy little one I got at the dollar store lasted a full week longer then this .
 I like the design but the build quality leaves something to be desired . It cracked in one day and completely snapped in two days . Perhaps a different plastic next time . .
 I bought a couple of these and over time have used every last one . My son is much larger than a normal 3 year old , but he has pried the part that attaches to the door off every time . Maybe my son just has super strength , but these never lasted more than a week or 2 each .
 Decided to buy this product after my 2 year old opened fridge and threw a flat of eggs all over carpet . Within a week of installing it my son was able to break the latch and open the fridge . Either he was a determined toddler or this item is a piece of junk
 My 2 year old watched me maybe 3 times and figured how it worked . Now it 's like there is not lock on at all-to make matters worse tonight he snapped the plastic and I have to totally replace the fridge lock . Any child who ca n't open this lock probably ca n't reach it yet .
 This item stuck to the fridge well , and it is easy to use . Unfortunately , if you ever have a guest who does n't know the fridge guard is in place , a single pull will easily snap it off . Great concept , but not very durable . Lasted about 2 weeks at our house before it broke .
 save your money . The minute I attached this fridge guard to my refrigerator , the plastic fell off the adhesive strap and onto the floor . It did not even last one minute .
 I have a toddler who just loves to sit in the refrigerator . After redirecting him from the refrigerator and many tantrums later I decided to get this refrigerator lock . I ca n't believe it has as many good reviews as it does . I wonder if people would update their reviews if they would feel the same way about it . We installed this Tuesday afternoon . By Thursday morning my son came up to me with the latch in his hand . The adhesive is poor . When I tried to reaatach it I could see why it so easily came off . My toddler does not have super human strength ... it 's a flimsy product . Do n't bother . : - -LRB-
 Terrible product , did n't work , and broke within two weeks not worth the money ... seller was great though ... so I 'll give it two stars
 Horrible product . My two year old popped it off the very first time he pulled on it . The only redeeming thing I can say is I received a label to return it quickly and received my refund quickly .
 I bought this product to stop my two-year-old twins from helping themselves to everything in the fridge . It worked as stated for about a week . The week it worked was wonderful , but after about 7 days , the latch part fell off the fridge . I could stick it back on about three or four times , but after a few days , it did n't work at all . Save your money and put it towards a fridge guard that will work !
 It works great , unfortunately both the ones we 've bought have lasted 3 months before breaking off . Hoping to find something more durable now , although I guess it 's ok for the price .
 This worked great while it lasted . My 2 year old was able to break in a matter of days . We 've bought 3 of them now but they do n't last long . Disappointed .
 this worked great at first . Then my 2 year old just ripped the arm off , so i guess its not strong enough . Now we put it back on but its half off
 Because it latches automatically , this child lock seemed perfect for us . -LRB- Our last one was a pain because the strap kept getting caught in between door and fridge , it required both hands to lock , etc. -RRB- Then we got it and installed it , and it WAS perfect ! ... until it broke three weeks later.This was after normal use . Nothing unusual . The top half of the arm that attaches to the side of the fridge just snapped.I `` repaired '' it with duct tape . One day later , the bottom half of the same piece snapped.This thing is junk.UPDATE : The seller of this item , when I contacted them to request a refund , refused . Because we had used it for three weeks before it broke . So , apparently this thing has a lifespan of + / - three weeks . Caveat emptor .
 Only lasted 1 day with my kids . The adhesive is not strong enough for this product to function as it should
 This was a waste of time and money ... it broke within a week , and did n't stick to the fridge at all .
 This refrigerator lock is a piece of junk . I would have returned it to the seller , except it 's not worth the postage or the time I would have to spend at the post office . I followed the instructions for attaching the lock to my refrigerator EXPLICITLY , and every time I opened the refrigerator door , the damn thing snapped off . TERRIBLE , TERRIBLE product . I am thoroughly DISSATISFIED .
 Okay , so I read all the reviews about how fabulous this product was -LRB- for the most part -RRB- and decided to get several sets of these to secure our three refrigerators . Yes , three ... do n't ask ? 2 are in the garage and 1 is in the house . We have 3 - 2 year olds ... now the multi - fridges may make more sense . These little buggers are industrious , but beyond that - I also thought this looked like a good product to keep one 's husband from forgetting to actually close the freezer door all the way . There 's nothing like watching 9 hours of couponing go out the window when you find all of the meat you are stockpiling is cooking inside your freezer because the door is wide open in a 200 * garage . Nice . Okay , back to the product . These definitely do NOT work in a hot environment . The adhesive on the back of the two pieces literally melts , so do not even consider these in an environment that is remotely hot or humid . You 'd be better off buying a used bandaid . I was pretty pleased with these inside for about 2-3 weeks . The simple fact is that , the adhesive is just not meant to withstand any real , repetitive stress . With 3 kids , I am in and our of the fridge a zillion times during the day . With regular use , the slight lifting you need to do to get the male end of the latch let go of the female end is just too much on the poor old adhesive . It gets tired and eventually loses its grip -LRB- kind of like parents -RRB- ... So now my kids regularly just take these things off of the fridge and rub what 's left of the adhesive in one another 's hair . Yet , another drama . So , my advice
 This looks different than it is , it just slides over the other piece . The reason I got it was because I thought it was a lock as it appears to keep kids out of the refrigerator . Even my 1 yr . old nephew was able to figure out how to open it and it left sticky residue on my fridge that I ca n't get off . I tried goo gone and super glue remover , acetone and scrubbing it-nothing works . I would n't recommend this to anyone and am upset that I spent money on 2 of them .
 This door latch was easy to install , and worked well while it lasted . The problem is that it 's made of stiff platic , and to open the latch you need to bend the plastic latch up and over the hook . After flexing every day for a few months , it developed a crack and eventually broke . We replaced it with the Safety 1st door latch , which uses a pivoting latch that seems like it will last longer .
 I installed this exactly as instructed . . my 2 year old walked up to it and unlocked it in mins ! SOO I then took it off and installed it so that you had to push on the door to unlock it . . she figured that out the next day . I would have sent it back but the charge to return it was about the cost of the lock . This product is useless .
 It does n't stick to the tub . It looks nice that 's about it . Instead of sitting on it my kids play with it . When u fill the tub with water it rises to the top of the water . Not to safe if u have little kids !!
 I 've bought this stroller via the internet . I read the reviews and thought - WOW , just what I need for my 10 month daughter . But , boy was I wrong . If you want a sturdy stroller this is not it . The backrest is not firm and you recline it with a string . My daughter is not comfortable . Her back is rounded and she appears very uncomfortable . Her head sticks out and the canopy is flimsy and does not provide sufficient shade . The right side of the leg rest broke after 3 uses . The one good thing about it is that it is light weight ... But for the price and becuase of the name Britax I expected a better quality stroller . I could have purchased a sturdier stroller for alot less .
 We have gone through three of these strollers and they all broke and had major problems ! Do not buy this product ! 1 . With our first Britax Esprit Stroller , the elastic that holds the hood onto the frame snapped , the handle bar fell off , and the pull string recline mechanism broke . Britax had me ship the broken stroller back and replaced the stroller with a new one .2 . With the second stroller , the front left wheel did not work properly as it did not turn with the other wheels of the stroller and again , the pull string recline mechanism broke . Again , I sent the old stroller back and Britax replaced it with a new stroller .3 . With the third stroller , the FRAME by the rear wheel BROKE WHILE MY CHILD WAS IN THE stroller!We were away on vacation , and my husband was pushing the stroller and the frame just snapped -LRB- the frame , about 6 inches above the right rear wheel , broke off the stroller -RRB- . He fell on his rear and the stroller fell with my child in it . Luckily , my husband and baby were okay , although my baby cried from the abrupt shock of the fall.Since we were on vacation and did not have an operable stroller , we had to replace it and purchase a new one and leave the Britax one behind . We could not bring the broken Britax stroller back home with us as we were traveling by airplane -LRB- I did however strip the stroller of its seat and took the large piece of the broken frame with the wheel attached to it back so that Britax could see exactly where it had broken -RRB- . Upon our return , when I contacted Britax and informed them about our traumatic and dangerous experience with the Esprit , they told me `` they could n't do anything for me '' since I did n't have the `` entire '' stroller . I tried to explain the circumstances , but they did n't care . I would a least think that they would want to see where the stroller broke -LRB- the point of the structural failure -RRB- . I can not believe how unresponsive and uncaring their `` customer service '' was and how uninterested they were in their failed -LRB- and potentially dangerous to others -RRB- product.This stroller should be recalled .
 The Britax Esprit stroller is reallly nice looking and I liked it at first . But after about a month , the recline would lower by itself and the locking clip became really hard to use . The backrest is really just a flimsy piece of plastic that offers no support and it is impossible to adjust or raise when my baby is in the seat . Now I 'm looking for a new stroller ... I do not recommend this stroller at all .
 They were already broken when I received them and it was n't even worth sending back because I would have to pay for the postage .
 buyers beware , this stroller has too many mobile parts , therefore it its parts become loose with frequent use.However , f you still like peg perego , try the aria stroller ... it works wonders .
 For the money , this stroller is pretty awful : - SO incredibly hard to open and close-VERY hard to steer in the wheel-locked and unlocked positions-Parts seem loose , ricketyI thought quality came with this name , but I ca n't tell you how much I 'm cursing this stroller every time I use it . More often than not , I get out my Baby Jogger or $ 15 umbrella stroller instead of the Pliko .
 We bought this stroller with our first child , of course wanting the best ... what a joke ! It was not what we expected at all . The sunshade does n't cover much at all -LRB- same with the carseat ! -RRB- , the seat does n't even recline all the way back -LRB- something even Graco offers in every stroller ! -RRB- , and it is impossibly hard to open and close -LRB- I had to use both hands , which can be difficult at times with a baby ! -RRB- . You would think for the money that this would be an easy and convenient stroller , it is niether ! We sold ours and bought the Graco safari set instead , we love it and now even use it for our second child ! I gave it two stars because it looks good ... but looks can only get you so far !
 We bought this stroller and matching infant seat before my son was born , because we really wanted a `` travel system '' and had read positive reviews about Peg Perego . It has done well in terms of durability and wear , but here are my main complaints with this stroller :1 -RRB- Infant seat is difficult to attach - you have to line up the latches perfectly in order for it to `` lock in '' .2 -RRB- The canopy often `` flops '' over because the side `` clamps '' -LRB- I 'm not sure what they are called ! -RRB- often disengage from the stroller .3 -RRB- The basket , while a good size , is not all that practical because the cross-bars prevent you from putting anything large into it that ca n't be folded -LRB- e.g. a sweatshirt might fit , or even a small shopping bag with clothing or small items , but definitely not a backpack or diaper bag -RRB- .4 -RRB- It is heavy and bulky , and takes up a lot of space in the trunk of my mid-size sedan -LRB- an Infiniti G20 -RRB- .5 -RRB- It once cut a chuck of skin out of my finger when I was folding it up .6 -RRB- It has a 5-point harness system , but no matter how I adjust it , it is too loose and has way too much slack when I buckle my son in.On the other hand , I do like the way it folds up -LRB- umbrella style , but no bending over ! -RRB- and it maneuvers very nicely . It also reclines almost flat , and my son seems to be pretty comfy in it . The handles also have two positions , the longer of which makes it easier for my tall husband -LRB- 6 ' 4 '' -RRB- to push it . But in the end , I would not recommend this stroller , and I will not likely buy another Peg Perego . If you must have a Peg Perego , try the Aria instead .
 We bought this on the advice of the book Baby Bargains , because it was hailed as a good , light-weight all-purpose , high quality stroller that would last through multiple kids and eliminate the need for other strollers . Well , so far we 're pretty disappointed : -- Hard to fold/unfold . I had trouble doing it in the store , but I figured I 'd get the hang of it . Well , I did , but over the last 10 months the mechanism has gotten increasingly difficult , and it often takes me several tries of brute force and a second pair of hands . -- VERY hard to steer ! The wheels get stuck in the sideways position , and I often ca n't maneuver between tables in a restaurant , displays in a store , etc , without bumping into people and jostling the stroller violently . Also , because there are two handles , not a bar , it 's almost impossible to steer with one hand , especially when it 's loaded down with a car seat , diaper bag ... and a baby . Try purchasing a large item and getting it AND your stroller to the check-out , and then to your car . Not fun . -- Solid construction , my foot . The wheels squeaked loudly -LRB- very annoying to my walking buddy -RRB- , but finally stopped after several months . And the handles are loose and jiggle . And the cup holder keeps falling off . -- The cup holder is a joke . You can really only fit a soda can or a small paper cup . Forget your bottled water ! As for storing cell phones , car keys , snacks , etc. for yourself , you can use a little space behind the seat when it 's fully upright and the canopy is buttoned to the back of the seat , but if the seat is reclined , you lose that space . -- My model -LRB- purchased in Feb 2003 , so may be previous model -RRB- has no tray for the baby , and is incompatible with most separately purchased activity trays , due to the way it folds . -- It 's only compatible with the Peg Perego car seat , unless you buy a separate adaptor bar , which I believe you can get online for around $ 20 . -LRB- I got this from a relative who bought it 4 years earlier ... I 'm not sure if it 's even available now ... -RRB- -- It does n't recline all the way - annoying at nap time . -- I still have n't figured out how to adjust the shoulder straps . -- In older models , the canopy had a plastic peek-through window . That 's been replaced with a fabric mesh window , which you can only see through if you press your nose to it . Not very useful.Overall , pretty disappointing , considering the price . If I had to buy another stroller , I 'd save my money and buy a Graco .
 Over the past couple of months several plastic parts broke off our stroller . We did not use it heavily at all , but within no time we could no longer fold it . I am extremely dissapointed as I thought we were buying a high quality stroller which would last us a long time . As it is , we are already looking for a new one . Definitely not worth the high price we paid for it . I am going to try to get a new one through warranty but do not have high hopes ...
 We purchased our stroller somewhere other than Babies R US . Shortly after only using the stroller a couple of times we experienced difficulty opening the stroller . Something gets stuck approximately half the time . If I 'm with my husband he will take it into the store and figure it out . Once while I was alone I just decided to go home and not go shopping . WARNING
 In December of 2003 , after spending a few weeks reviewing and `` test driving '' strollers for our first baby , I concluded that the Pliko P3 was the perfect stroller for us . In the store , the guy demonstrated it easily opening and closing , standing upright , etc. . He also let me fold it up and lift it , and I did the same for a few other brands as well . I even tried out putting the infant car seat in and out , which was really easy in the store . Unfortunately , once there was an actual baby in the carrier , lining up those little clips was really a challenge . Good thing he outgrew his infant carseat so quickly , because he always cried while in it . Another expensive mistake ... The fact that it had a tiny cup holder and fairly small basket underneath did n't seem too important at that time . At that point , I started to looking around for the lowest price I could find , and found one online for around $ 50 less than BabiesRus.We have now had the stroller for 7 months . From the beginning it was difficult to open and close , and it is not getting any easier to open and close -LRB- my husband still ca n't manage to close it without my help -RRB- and that tiny cupholder is really a drag when we are shopping because it is too small to hold even a medium-sized drink . And the basket underneath ? I would suggest that you wear a backpack or bring someone along to hold your purchases , because there is only so much space for draping bags over the handles.The worst point of irritation happened about a week ago when I discovered that the fabric was tearing under my son 's feet . Upon closer examination , it looks like the seam was n't sewn well , and so the fabric is fraying . I called Peg Perego 's customer support and spoke to a woman who was less than helpful , and in fact , fairly rude . Because I had n't mailed off my registration card , she told me that there was n't anything she could do for me until I faxed her a copy of my receipt . Unfortunately , the $ 50 dollars that I saved by buying online invalidated their warranty because the seller was not an authorized dealer , so I will have to send them $ 50 for a replacement fabric cover.Compared to my friend 's Graco that has tons of space , is lightweight , folds with only one hand , and can hold a medium soda -LRB- for two people ! -RRB- , I think she made the better purchase .
 We bought this stroller thinking that it was the best . Warning
 Purchased this for my 7 year olds room . Minute we put it up and put her clothes in it , KABOOM , started falling apart . Contacted the company and they gave me the only hard time . They refunded me $ 18.33 , 10 % of the purchase order . They refused to help me in any other way . DO NOT BUY FROM SOUTH SHORE ... . EXPENSIVE AND THEY ONLY SELL CHEAP CRAP !!!!!!!!
 I received this in pieces in a large cardboard box -LRB- as expected -RRB- . The instructions were as minimal as possible . It would be nice if the numbered pieces in the diagrams actually corresponded to perhaps a numbering scheme in the package to avoid confusion . Anyway , I did get it put together without a hitch -LRB- but with a lot of second-guessing -RRB- . It 's cheap . It feels cheap . It certainly wo n't survive a move to a new apartment . The part that particularly irritated me , though , was the super light-coating of white paint used . I could still CLEARLY see the tan of the particle board coming through . In my situation , it the dresser lives in a room with low lighting , so it 's not a huge deal . However , I paid for a white dresser and expected one . I know the materials are reflected in the cost , but THE COLOR SHOULD BE CORRECT.Anyway , I did n't feel like hassling with tearing it apart , finding a new box , and shipping it back , so I decided to live with it . My advice to you is to find some used furniture on craigslist or something . The quality is sure to be comparable with a cheaper price.To all of those saying , `` Well , it 's ok for the money '' , I would like to point out that when you buy something you should get what is advertised . This idea of being apologetic for the terribly low quality of an item detracts from what almost amounts to false advertising.This dresser will hold stuff just fine . The color is off . The components are cheap . I did n't expect handcrafted oak or anything , but ultimately this item did n't hold up to even the low standard I had allowed it .
 Despite the negative reviews I read about this product , I ordered it anyway from BabyAge through Amazon 's website . First , when the product came in , the flimsy box was torn up and had a six inch hole in one of the corners . The `` wood '' pieces were barely painted and had streaks in it that showed the `` wood '' underneath in random places . It looked like someone had given it a thin coat of paint and then went back in random places and put a second coat . Had the whole thing had a second coat of paint it would have looked decent . At that point we boxed the product back up and had to pay 70 dollars to ship it back to the company . I was afraid I would n't get my money back since the seller says items must be unopened and in original condition -LRB- which was n't how it was shipped to me in the first place -RRB- , but I did . I decided to order the four drawer south shore dresser instead and am very pleased with it .
 I wore this for 15 minutes and my neck and shoulder hurt the rest of the day . I am a medium sized woman and my baby is 18 lbs . I was constantly tugging on the shoulder pad because it was digging into my shoulder and neck . Plus my baby was sweating and it was a cool 60 degrees . I also had to keep an arm around him anyway .
 I thought it was a great sling . But since there has been a recall , it should not be sold from Amazon or craigslist or a garage sale even .
 I wanted to love this , it looked like a great idea . My baby is now 19lbs which seemed like a good size for this.In order to get the baby feeling secure , I had to tighten this in a way that was really bad on my back and really squished the baby . As another reviewer mentioned , it seems like the baby could easily wriggle themselves out of the sides and fall out.As per the photo , it should go around your shoulder but this limited my arm movement which made it useless to me . I wanted this so I could ` hold ' the baby and be hands free to do some chores . From the reviews , It sounded like some people put the strap more on their neck , which does free up your arm but is painful.After about a minute , my baby started screaming . The spot where her hand naturally falls , lands her fingers in a plastic adjustment piece . She screamed !!! If I had n't had another adult home to free her hand -LRB- it was completely out of reach for me -RRB- I do n't know how I would have gotten her out.Her finger nearly crushed , that was the end of this product for us .
 Playtex gets points for trying , but I never felt my son was secure in this . We bought it when he was 8 months old and took it on a vacation with us , and when we got home I returned it . I always felt he was in danger of falling out one side ; all he would have had to do was put his arm under one of the top straps . I did not find it particularly supportive either ; I was tired after just a few minutes.We got a Next Generation Ergo to replace this , and it was MUCH better .
 my child is only 20 lbs and it does n't save your back . It is cubersome to put on and remove . My daughter screams at the sight of it . My suggestion is to get an umbrella stroller or just carry them .
 I tried adjusting it many times and followed the directions but there is no way to take the pressure off the neck . My baby is big at 20 + pounds and this thing was torture . The neck strap has a pad on it but once it twists -LRB- which it does frequently and quickly -RRB- you have bare strap cutting into your neck . It feels like your blood supply is being cut off . Please dont buy this product unless you have a lot of percocets on hand .
 I do n't know what the other reviewer is talking about when s/he says this is `` not the recalled one '' . I was just at a major retailer today and the recall notice was prominently posted . My advice
 I did not like this hammock . It cuts across your neck and I do not feel like my son is securely in there . I always have to have at least one hand holding him . The front carriers are the way to go since they leave your hands free to do things .
 I bought this reluctantly after reading the other reviews . I found that it dug into the base of my neck . After about 20 minutes day 1 I was done . I tried giving it another chance a few days later , but found the same thing again . I returned it less than a week later . My child is on the lighter end of the weight limit too . The concept is good , maybe I had the adjustments wrong .
 I got this when my daughter started to outgrow her front carrier . No matter how many times I adjusted it , all her weight was supported by my shoulder instead of on my hip . Plus , with the baby positioned on your side , it really only frees up one hand instead of both . I could more comfortably hold her on my hip without the hammock than with it . So what 's the point ? She did n't like it very much either . Wish I would have returned it .
 In theory this is a great product ! My daughter loves to be held this way so I thought it would be great - she 's too big for the bjorne ... The shoulder strap cut into my shoulder -LRB- I am only 5 ' 1 -RRB- so badly that I could n't wear it . I ended up returning it .
 This sling is the third I 've tried !! It 's comfortable for only 20-30 minutes but then after that , it starts hurting your back . The puffy strap cuts into your neck and it 's quite painful if your child weighs alot . My son is 13 months and 18 pounds . He 's small for his age but I noticed that even at his weight pain comes with the sling . I sometimes feel like he is going to fall out of on the the leg openings because it is so big . I recommend that if your baby is heavy , it 's just better to place him in a stroller . This sling was not comfortable for me at all . So I 've returned it and am going to try a new one .
 I bought the Hip Hammock when my child was 6 months old . I absolutely HATED this product . It is not user friendly and my child did not enjoy being in it at all . I 'm not a large person , but I found out very quickly that it was not a comfortable fit and it put a lot of pressure on my neck . My best advice is to invest in a `` cheap '' compact stroller and use that . I find it much easier to put my child in and out of a stroller.The Hip Hammock is overpriced ... do n't buy it !!
 I went to purchase this for a friend but see that when Playtex bought the rights for this carrier they changed it , and not for the better . My sister and I both had the original design and it was meant for babies . It is too bad they changed it . Our husbands would use it since it was not girly looking like the wrap ones you see now . Which I hear are not only unattractive but hard on the back and neck .
 I too was very excited about thIs product ... seemed like a brilliant idea , about 1 week after I had purchased it , the hammock was recalled . . so i had to mail it back and wait for them to send me a new one ... that should have set off an alarm in my head ... after about 2 months i finally got a new one ... both my mother-in-law and I have tried wearing this every which way under the sun . . all the weight is placed on your neck . . and i mean all of it ... mind you the weight limit is up tp 35lbs . . my son is only 20 lbs . . i guess if you have a very high pain tolerance or are on prescription pain killers this carrier would be ok for you ... if you put a 35 lb child in this carrier , i honestly believe your head would snap right off from the intense pressure this places on your neck . . mind you , that is amplified 10 fold if your toddler begins to move around in it ... like another reviewer mentioned , the baby has a tendency to lean forward almost falling out and dragging you towards the ground with him !!!! I would only recommend this carrier if your baby is below 20lbs , even then you should start lifting neck weights at the gym to prepare yourself !!! 1 I HATE THE HIP HAMMOCK !!!!
 When I heard this product was back in the store , I rushed out and picked one up . It seemed like such a good idea to me , I always carry my baby on my hip , but she is 9 months old and 24 lbs . so it 's really difficult . I thought this would be a great help . It is so uncomfortable ! The strap that was up by my neck was choking me and the strap is scratchy and uncomfortable . My daughter kept trying to lean over the side because she felt uncomfortable too , and if you do n't position them properally they can slide through the leg openings . I do n't see any possible way to use this without keeping one hand on your child , which it actually says in the instructions , so what 's the point ?! I tried this out a few times thinking maybe I was doing something wrong , but it 's the same everytime , and now when I try to put my daughter in it she screams ! In my opinion this is a worthless and very disapointing product !
 This is a good concept . I like how there is a place to attach toys and your keys . It 's super easy to put on , too -LRB- which is n't always the case with baby carriers . -RRB- I gave this item a 2 because the strap is very uncomfortable . I can not comfortably wear this for more than a couple of minutes at a time . The strap gets twisted in the pad and the pad ALWAYS ends up facing away from me . My shoulder/neck is very sore after I 'm done with it . I would suggest spending the extra money on a carrier with a thicker shoulder strap . I 've bought a dozen cheap carriers and I now know that I would have been better off putting all of my money into just one good carrier or sling .
 This was not what I thought it would be - I should have done my research first and went straight for my Ergo -- which I love !
 The catch phrase for this is `` Use your hip , spare your back , '' but this hammock put all the weight on my neck . I have to admit that I am a plus sized woman at size 20 , but I let my other mom friends try this on before I returned it , and they were all equally dissappointed . I followed the directions carefully , but never managed to comfortably carry my 20 lb 8 month old son for any length of time . From these reviews it looks like this product has worked great for some moms , but for those plus sized mommies out there , it just does n't work .
 I bought this item for my 8 month old , but returned it after trying her out in the contraption . The idea seemed ingenious , but , in actuality , the construction just did n't measure up to the Eddie Bauer front carrier that I have -LRB- for the same price -RRB- . The Hip Hammock seemed a bit flimsy and lacking in support and security ... I felt like my baby could easily fall out and/or the straps could come undone . I decided it was n't worth the money I paid and returned it .
 My son is 10 months old and weighs close to 25 lbs . I put this on , tried adjusting it as much as possible trying to find the comfort but the entire pressure of the baby rests on the neck . I went in and out of Toys R Us to get diapers with this on and when I was done I was left with a red mark on my neck like whiplash . I can not imagine wearing this with a baby close to 35 pounds . Even though it was not good for me . . my baby seemed very comfortable . I will now look for a back carrier .
 I bought this for my 13 month old and she hated it and it dug into my collar bone . I am not a very tall person but my husband is a lot taller and he felt the smae way about it . I returned it 20 minutes after buying it . The store salesman said that about 30-40 % of them have been returned .
 I thought I would love this but just returned it . It hurt my neck so badly after only wearing it a short time -LRB- 10 minutes ? -RRB- Maybe I 'm too small -LRB- 5 ' 2 '' -RRB- or my baby -LRB- 5 months and 18 pounds -RRB- is too large . Either way I still find the Bjorn much more comfortable . I would like something where the baby is more sideways on my hip like this than either facing me or facing out and so confined as he is in the Bjorn , but I could n't stand wearing ! Very painful .
 I bought a hip hammock because my daughter had grown out of the snugglie and she still was n't big enough to sit in a basket on her own , so I thought it would be good for shopping . I tried to adjust that damn thing a bunch of different ways , but never worked right . All of the wieght of my 22lbs . daughter was resting on my neck . . it was dreadful . The weight does not rest on the hip as they say . . they are lying ! Do n't buy it !
 As other reviews warned me , the colors come off when you wash the placemat . I thought a placemat would help with dinnertime mess , but since I 'm washing the placemat AND the table now , it 's really no help so we 're no longer bothering to use it .
 its very useful , while waiting for their meal , they have a chance to practice either animals names or the numbers .
 These are the cutest placemats that I 've seen -- such nice designs and colors . I bought this 123 placement and another ABC one for my two boys . But it is so easily scratched . After a week or two , there were already visible scratches , just from putting utensils on it and normal use . I only washed them using soap and water and a soft washcloth . It is too bad because I have n't seen any designs as adorable as these . Now , months later , the placemats are all scratched up and really need to be replaced . -LRB- I worry about whether any of this ink has been consumed with their meals ... -RRB- I considered buying new ones and having them laminated , but it seems like too much trouble . How hard is it to make a placemat where the color stays on ?!?
 My daughter loves this series of place mats , but unfortunately the images have already started to scratch and wear off after only 3 weeks of use . Another appealing children 's product that is not durably enough designed for little mess-makers .
 Poor quality in all of Crocodile Creek place-mats really disappoint , as within a few weeks of daily use at the dinner table the mats ' color gets rubbed off by the cups & plates . And the beautiful pictures are basically tough to make out after about a month and a half.We 've gone through 2 different Crocodile Creek place-mats so far , both scratched to oblivion too soon to justify the price . We kept them for use with play-doh , but moved on to silicone place mats for the use at our kitchen table.I would never purchase again , or recommend to a friend .
 Our son loved pointing out the animals and eventually the numbers , but the coating wore off so quickly we could barely make out the images . Not worth it .
 Purchased this for my 7 year olds room . Minute we put it up and put her clothes in it , KABOOM , started falling apart . Contacted the company and they gave me the only hard time . They refunded me $ 18.33 , 10 % of the purchase order . They refused to help me in any other way . DO NOT BUY FROM SOUTH SHORE ... . EXPENSIVE AND THEY ONLY SELL CHEAP CRAP !!!!!!!!
 I received this in pieces in a large cardboard box -LRB- as expected -RRB- . The instructions were as minimal as possible . It would be nice if the numbered pieces in the diagrams actually corresponded to perhaps a numbering scheme in the package to avoid confusion . Anyway , I did get it put together without a hitch -LRB- but with a lot of second-guessing -RRB- . It 's cheap . It feels cheap . It certainly wo n't survive a move to a new apartment . The part that particularly irritated me , though , was the super light-coating of white paint used . I could still CLEARLY see the tan of the particle board coming through . In my situation , it the dresser lives in a room with low lighting , so it 's not a huge deal . However , I paid for a white dresser and expected one . I know the materials are reflected in the cost , but THE COLOR SHOULD BE CORRECT.Anyway , I did n't feel like hassling with tearing it apart , finding a new box , and shipping it back , so I decided to live with it . My advice to you is to find some used furniture on craigslist or something . The quality is sure to be comparable with a cheaper price.To all of those saying , `` Well , it 's ok for the money '' , I would like to point out that when you buy something you should get what is advertised . This idea of being apologetic for the terribly low quality of an item detracts from what almost amounts to false advertising.This dresser will hold stuff just fine . The color is off . The components are cheap . I did n't expect handcrafted oak or anything , but ultimately this item did n't hold up to even the low standard I had allowed it .
 Despite the negative reviews I read about this product , I ordered it anyway from BabyAge through Amazon 's website . First , when the product came in , the flimsy box was torn up and had a six inch hole in one of the corners . The `` wood '' pieces were barely painted and had streaks in it that showed the `` wood '' underneath in random places . It looked like someone had given it a thin coat of paint and then went back in random places and put a second coat . Had the whole thing had a second coat of paint it would have looked decent . At that point we boxed the product back up and had to pay 70 dollars to ship it back to the company . I was afraid I would n't get my money back since the seller says items must be unopened and in original condition -LRB- which was n't how it was shipped to me in the first place -RRB- , but I did . I decided to order the four drawer south shore dresser instead and am very pleased with it .
 Has Peg Perego stopped making quality strollers ?!!! I read previous reviews that called the stroller `` plasticky '' but I never thought that it could be so poorly made ! The seat was wonderful for my son , he was comfortable and happy . But the chassis and wheels were awful ! Impossible to maneuver and the front pivoting wheels would get stuck and seemed as if they would snap right off ! I do n't know if I got a defective model but I wo n't take any chances with a replacement . I sent it back requesting a refund !! Such a shame because the seat is wonderful , large and the `` freedom of Movement '' harness along with the snack tray is a huge plus for the child .
 I hate this stroller and am getting rid of it . I intially bought it because of the peg perego reputation and it looked good.CONS : Big , bulky , HEAVYHard to open and closeHorrible instructionsToo complicated and time consuiming to change from stroller mode to carriage modeHard to reach basket when car seat is incup holder is a jokeNo hood window so you ca n't see the childdoes n't go over curbs wellPROS : Good constructionSmooth ride
 Since my baby is teething , the first thing that came to my mind is she needs baby orajel . However , I was reading online that the FDA issued a warning in 2011 that benzocaine can cause a baby to stop breathing . This is because it can cause increased concentrations of methemoglobinemia which is similar to hemoglobin except that it does n't have the oxygen carrying capacity that hemoglobin has . Therefore , depriving your baby of oxygen . I used this for my son in 2009 , and he was okay with it . However , because of the warning , I 'm not risking it with my daughter .
 The product is fine and have used for my son since he started with teeth . My issue is with the seller claiming this is for a 6.4 oz item when they are shipping a .33 oz product !
 I purchased this baby carrier for my 4 month old , 20 pound baby . It was too stuffy and not enought rooM for my baby 's belly .
 This carrier is very bulky , cumbersome to put on , and uncomfortable for me -LRB- 5 ' 2 '' -RRB- to wear . I used it as hip carrier to carry my 24 lb son around the block . By the time we got home , I was barely able to walk . My hips were numb and sore . When used as front carrier , it was okay , but it still ca n't beat Baby Bjorn for comfort . I have n't used it as back carrier , but I 'm sure I will have to have other person to help load my son in it , which is not an option for running error to the store . Come to think of it , I think I will return this carrier and get regular hip carrier .
 This carrier is AWFUL - it is difficult to put on/wear . The buckles are confusing . The carrier itself is bulky and cumbersome . I hated it and returned it .
 We purchased these gates after being pleased with the purchase of some other Summer Infant products . I am an experienced carpenter and installed these gates exactly per the instructions . The latch mechanism of this gate is a fundamentally bad design . First , the latch really ca n't be operated with one hand -- you need one to press the latch lever at the same time you need to use the other hand to lift up the gate at the hinge side -LRB- using a significant amount of force -RRB- . The gate is also very loud when it closes -- you need to use a lot of force to engage the latch . Not a good design if you are carrying a baby or have a sleeping baby around .
 This gate is fine for infants , but is worse than useless for toddlers . My two year old pulls on it -LRB- back and forth -RRB- , and it pops open ; sometimes , it smacks him in the face . This is due to the design of the latch.The screws that come with it are also of poor quality ; the heads sometimes bust off even if you you have drilled a pilot hole.Considering the cost to purchase and work involved to insall , plus screw-hole damage to walls and banisters , this is a very poor value .
 We have four of these gates in our house because we needed extra wide gates and wanted gates with hardware mounted into the wall . Now the hardware is starting to break and Summer Infant does not offer replacements . They want you to buy a new gate instead of offering replacements . When the hardware does break , good luck getting in touch with customer service , they do n't respond to customers . Now , I have a broken gate , holes in the wall where the hardware goes and they want me to buy another gate . I wo n't be buying anything more from Summer Infant !
 This gate is so poorly designed and way too heavy . Unless this is going into a stud it wo n't work . The latching mechanism is cheap plastic . We had to put this in an area without a stud and had to use larger screws and anchors . Even after that it was still too heavy so we used toggle bolts . Even after this its still too heavy and I 'm afraid it 's going to come off the wall !! Taking off and going right back to the store and purchasing a better one . Will be willing to pay more for less hassle . Very disappointing . Gave it one star only because I had to give it something .
 Bought this gate to control rugrat access to kitchen and stair areas , as well as to retard occasional high-speed in-house canine-feline pursuits . The gate is singularly remarkable in that , as of AD 2010 , it offers incontrovertible evidence that homo sapiens can successfully design and manufacture only to a functionally effective standard approaching 85 % . Pros
 The cheap plastic spring-loaded button that attaches to the wall broke almost immediately . I was horrified when my 9 month old found the tiny little spring that fell out before I did . They should write on the box , `` WARNING , CHOKING HAZZARD ! ''
 First off , this gate can be shimmied open by the kids -LRB- both under 2 -RRB- due to its plastic latch . I originally had it at the top of the stars and had to move it to a less dangerous area of the house . I have a similar style gate from another brand that I replaced it with , instead .
 I purchased 3 of these and the first one opened had peeling paint where it had been painted over rust . I was able to return all 3 without difficulty to Amazon.comIt should also be noted that these are permanent installations , meaning you ca n't remove the gates from the hinges temporarily . For this reason , I would recommend the KidCo Safeway G20 .
 I bought this bag some months ago and first time of use it ripped near the wheels . I contacted Maclaren customer service and all they could say is that their product never had any complaint , and that it was probably mishandled by the airline I traveled with . However , the problem occurred on my way to the airport , before being handled by the airline , and I had to make a quick tape repair before shipping . Now I 'm stuck with an expensive and ripped bag , and no intentions of the manufacturer to investigate this further .
 I purchased the buggy bag last month for travel with my techno xt . I used it for the first time to gate check the stroller on one roundtrip flight -LRB- no connections -RRB- . After returning home , I was dismayed to discover that the bag had already worn through the bottom near the wheels and that there was a 3-inch hole in the bag . I love the durability of my stroller , and I am very disappointed that the bag did not meet those same standards . I expected that the Maclaren brand bag would be of better quality . I contacted Maclaren and asked them to replace the bag . They refused and said that the tear was caused by stress that was not `` normal usage . `` UPDATE
 I purchased this bag earlier this year prior to leaving for vacation . It arrived at the destination airport ripped . The hard plastic that is part of the wheel assembly ripped right through the material . I contacted Maclaren Customer Service in the UK and they refused to warranty it even when it was clearly a manufacturing defect . So I spent $ 20 to fix the $ 50 bag . The repairman affirmed that the bag was made of inferior materials and that it would continue to break . He even reinforced an area that was not ripped but felt was weak . Lo and behold , when I went on a subsequent vacation this year with the newly repaired bag , the OTHER side of the bag ripped from the plastic of wheel assembly ! UGH ! Save your money . Do n't buy this product . You are better off buying a golf bag to use in this manner . I recommend buying a bag when traveling on planes . Air travelers are overhead space hogs nowadays and there 's not much room left for a purse , much less a stroller . Also , we travel with a car seat so the fewer things we take on board , the better . Besides , do you really want an unprotected stroller in the filthy cargo hold ?
 IF you are planning to roll your child onto the plane and stow the stroller on the plane , then why would you need this heavy , bulky bag . I bought it and sent it back . I thought I needed it , but realized it is very unnecessary . Save your money .
 This seat is VERY uncomfortable for my little 3 1/2 yr old daughter . She can not poop while sitting on it because she says it HURTS ! The seat is FLAT there are no curves to make it comfortable . The pee came out from the front an leaked on the floor . I would suggest you look for a better one.Potty Pal Standard Toilet Seat
 The bottom part of this seat is not solid , or was not when I bought one a few years ago . They made it more cheaply by having hollow portions which can be seen when you lift it . The whole thing is made thin and cheap . If I 'm buying a toilet seat , whatever the features , I want it solid and sturdy , not the quality you 'd expect from a kids ' sand toy set . I was n't impressed with the cheesy potty training booklet that came with it , either .
 When i started potty training my son i thought this product was genius . Installing it was a little difficult . My son could sit on it very well . But when he sits down to go poo poo , and then pees , the pee comes out the cracks . So i 'm always having to clean up pee every time he goes poo poo . The piece of plastic that comes down that 's supposed to block the pee pee should be longer , and then this would be perfect .
 One of the flimsy plastic hinges was broken when we received this seat and the other broke while taking it out of the box . The only good thing I can say about this seat is that it came with a step stool which we still use . For my second purchase , I decided to go with the `` Family Seat '' made of MDF and am much happier . The material is more durable , the hinges are stronger , and I am going to buy another one for our second bathroom .
 Although the concept for this potty is great , when we received this item I was very disappointed to see that the seat was actually too short for our toilet . It was a standard size potty seat ordered for a standard size toilet . I do n't know how the measurements could differ .
 Not only did the product get delivered 3 days later than expected , my child 's grandfather who is in the construction industry installed the seat and the entire set broke off of the bowl the first time anyone sat on it . And nobody in this household is overweight .
 Th strap covers are absolutely adorable and very soft . The only problem is that they are SO thick ! Much too thick for a newborn .
 Me and my husband were concerned about our babies head flopping around in the car , especially me.I wanted to be sure she was safe and snugso I decided to give these a try.Bad idea ! They are very cute and that 's about the only good thing I can say about them.The shipping cost is way way too high by the way.If you are properly putting your child in the car-seat there 's no room for these things against the straps and loosening the straps to put these things in there with them creates more of a safety hazard.We went to the fire department and they told us
 I am a car seat technician and I am here to say ... DO N'T use this product or any like it ! The strap covers can be a danger in an accident and if the car seat did n't come with them then you are not supposed to use it . There is no way to know what these would do to the straps in a collision . To use products like these is to risk your child 's life .
 NOT SAFE - DO NOT USE ANYTHING LIKE THIS!Items like this have not been crash tested ... are you willing to use your child as the test dummy ? These covers interfere with the snugness of the straps , and the height of the chest clip . Harness straps should be worn SNUGLY against the child , and the chest clip should be at arm pit level ; Meaning your child could possibly be ejected from their carseat in at accident . Why would you put your child at risk like that ? Learn more about how to keep your kids safe in the car by reading your carseat manual , talking to a Child Passenger Safety Technician , or by doing a little more research . Get the facts . Do n't trust random reviewers who do n't know any better .
 I am a car seat technician and I am here to say ... DO N'T use this product or any like it ! The strap covers can be a danger in an accident and if the car seat did n't come with them then you are not supposed to use it . There is no way to know what these would do to the straps in a collision . To use products like these is to risk your child 's life .
 i bought these bunny straps because i was looking for something soft to cover the straps in my newborns car seat . while they were indeed cute and soft , my baby hated them !! she cried every time i put her in the car seat and i couldnt figure out why . i finally realized it was because the straps would touch her face and she was trying to eat them ! she was so frustrated ! dont waste your money on these . and as i said in my title ... even if these were free i still wouldnt use them .
 These do not allow you to have your baby properly secured into the infant seat , they make the chest buckle sit way too low on babys chest . Other buyers warned but I pruchased anyways =-LRB- Not Safe will not use .
 Aftermarket products like this can interfere with the harness straps , which may allow a child to be ejected from the seat in an accident . Use of aftermarket products also void the warranty on the car seat . Only strap covers if they came WITH your car seat , and only use the ones that came with the seat .
 Products like these force you to place the chest buckle WAY too low , making the baby very likely to be ejected from the seat in an accident . Also , they interfere with the straps , making them not tight enough , and also void your manufacturer warranty of your carseat.DO NOT BUY .
 I purchased this stroller for my babies ages 5 months and 23 months . I can see how the stroller would be great for twins between the ages of 7 months and 2 years - durable , well made , love the three wheel set-up . You could get a good 1 1/2 years of use out of the stroller . But for children older or younger than that , the stroller is sub par and unsafe - definitely not worth $ 540 dollars . Since there is not a carrier car seat approved for the stroller , I put my 5 month old in the fully reclined back seat . Unfortunately , his legs dangle off the seat and the sunshade does n't provide much shade . The shade is too small for the seat in a fully reclined position . -LRB- I have the single Inglesina stroller and miss the way the front of the seat lays flat to support the legs of a newborn then folds down for an older child . -RRB- Most upsetting - my 23 month old is already too big for the stroller . Already I have to take the sunshade completely off of his seat since he would have to bend his neck and back in order to fit under the sade . He is also getting too big for the lap bar . I tried to use the stroller for my 3-year-old nephew , but immediately I saw the stroller is dangerous to use for a child his age . His feet would n't stay on the small footplate . When his feet would dangle off they got caught up in the wheel . He was also too big for the seat . I could n't strap him in . He looked like a giant sitting in a newborn 's chair . I wrote to Jane explaining my situation but they offered no return option - no explanation for why a two year old is already too big for a stroller that says each seat is suitable for a child up to 45 pounds -LRB- implying that the seat is n't just for ingants , right ? -RRB- They also offered a frustrating suggestion that I use a hat and sunscreen to replace the sunshade . I am stuck with an expensive stroller that I ca n't use . If you are looking for a stroller that you can use when your children are older than 2 this is not the stroller for you . I recommend the Phil and Ted 's E3 , the Valco , Baby Jogger City Series , Bob ... . There are a few great options in this price range that offer a much larger window of use ...
 Awful . Just awful.Purchased online for my 25 month old and my newborn . My older child did n't fit into the seat from DAY ONE -LRB- and we purchased from a site that had no return option -RRB- . His knees were up towards his chest and the sunshade is so low that we could n't put it up at all , as his head would be pressing into it . He was only 25 months old and 29 lbs ! They say up to 45 lbs - to me , that 's insanity at best and at worst a bad lie - no 45 lb child would be able to use this , seriously . As for the newborn , you can recline the backseat all the way , but then the teeny-tiny sunshade does n't protect them at all , so we had to spend MORE money on a separate sunshade that means we ca n't see him while pushing and it has to be untied to get him out from behind the front seat.It 's much heavier than it looks , and with the heavier child over the single wheel in front , it always wants to tip when turning corners.The basket is virtually useless because you ca n't get to it . I have actually scraped the skin on the back of my hand trying to squeeze something in there.PLEASE try and look at one rather than buying online sight unseen , because I really believe you will see that it 's a waste.We ended up going to a store in desperation and buying another $ 300 cheap-plastic combi double side-by-side that is flimsy and unsteady and I hate pushing , but at least the children can sit comfortably and recline and sleep in it.p.s . we had the Bugaboo Frog for our firstborn and miss it so , so much , so for me it 's not about the price - we were willing to spend more for quality . This is just a poor product .
 We bought this stroller , and at the beginning we were very happy with it . Our daughter was 29 lb and our son 20 pounds at that time . My daughter , who was less than the 50th percentile on growth charts , was already to long for the stroller . She was kicking the front wheel into the locking position most of the time . Also , the footrest for the front seat was too small , as well as her head was touching the sunshade . Then , the hubs on the back wheels were cracking , causing the wheels to lean inward . Within three weeks , one of wheels broke and made the stoller unusable . We returned it back to the store where we bought it , and they told us that other parents were returning the stoller with the same complaint of broken rear wheels , but it is more common with larger children . It was happening so frequently that the store stopped carrying the stroller . We liked the stroller as far as usability and ease to push , however we were very dissapointed that such an expensive stroller has back wheels made with such fragile plastic .
 yea !! i finally found photos of the Jane powertwin with kids in it . -LRB- it gives you a perspective -RRB- search for this on amazon
 When i got this in the mail , it was all the same colors and pattern style , but it was like ballerina princess ... not Camelot . I did n't even realize until i had part of the strip on my wall that there were no unicorns or castles . VERY UNHAPPY
 I 'm so glad I 'm not the one who paid $ 50 for this pillow ! God bless my friend for thinking of me , but I wish her money could have been better spent . She said her daughter loved it , and maybe the Snoogle works well for some women , but after three attempts at using it , I stuffed it in a plastic bag , and there it sits on my bedroom floor to this day . Here are the reasons why :1 . It 's way too firm . I could not get it to support my tummy from underneath at all ; all I could do was try to sort of lean against it , but that did n't offer any support . Same thing with the back `` support '' -- the whole pillow is so firm , it was more of a leaning thing than a support thing .2 . Maybe this is more of the same firmness complaint , but I could n't get used to using the pillow part . It was n't soft enough to `` mold '' to my head and neck , and I ended up trying to push it far enough to the side that I could use a regular pillow instead .3 . The fabric is , as others have said , not very good quality and itches if your bare skin touches it . The farther I 've gone in my pregnancy , the more sensitive my skin has gotten ; I ca n't even imagine trying to use it now . Assuming I could stand the pillow itself , I 'd have to buy one of the covers -LRB- though I do n't have one , so I 'm not sure of their quality , either -RRB- or make one myself .4 . The curve is too confining . I felt like I had to curl up all the time . I 'm 5 ' 6 '' tall , so you can use that as a measurement tool if you like . I just ca n't stand not being able to stretch out comfortably , and the Snoogle did n't allow me to do it .5 . It 's H-U-G-E !!! God help you if you 're trying to share a less-than-kingsized bed with your spouse or significant other AND this gargantuan thing . There wo n't be room for the three of you .6 . Do n't even try to roll this thing over with you . Talk about a wrestling match!Maybe I can recycle the Snoogle into a sort of TV-watching pillow ; it 's certainly firm enough for that . But it 's not something I 'd recommend or buy for a friend or family member . The Boppy Wedge is an INFINITELY better buy for the money -LRB- see my review of that item -RRB- , not to mention being a better product overall .
 I bought the snoogle when I was five mos . pregnant . The head support is extremely padded and compares to a firm support pillow . After using it one night I was in discomfort from neck pain . I took it back . If you usually use a soft or medium support pillow , like I do , this may not be the best choice of a maternity pillow for you .
 This is such a waste of money . It is not comfortable , it is cumbersome . If you are a tosser/turner - this is not for you . It is very difficult to move around in bed and I was becoming sore staying in a stationary position . Once it is opened , it can not be returned and you can not try it out without opening it so buy at your own risk . If you are having trouble sleeping b/c of your belly , I highly recommend the pregnancy pillow deluxe ... it is simple but makes a big difference and allows you to move around in bed more easily .
 This product sometimes promotes better sleep for me , and other times hinders it . I have used it now for about 2 months and have awakened many mornings to a sore neck and back . You need a larger sized bed if you sleep with your partner -LRB- Queen or better -RRB- since it 's size is fairly large . The cost is much too high . It states that it supports your back - it does not . For the price , it should support everthing - mainly and mostly your back and belly . It is not made of very durable material and has already begun to flatten out . You can wash the outside cover as a bonus , but I would not suggest washing the pillow itself . Therefore , if you were to soil it , you would be out of luck . Not a very good buy for your time , sleep and money . My suggestion would be to shop around in stores so that you can feel and inspect it prior to purchasing .
 My husband bought this snoogle to help me sleep because it was hard for me to sleep on my side -LRB- I used to sleep on my back -RRB- . The pillow is very uncomfortable , you ca n't move using it . If you are a person who sleeps in one position all night long then you might like it . I hate this pillow , I used it only for couple of hours because I could n't bear it .
 I had a snoozle for two days and returned it . It was a pain to get comfortable with . It was like a tube that needed flattening . My mother bought me a bumpil from this little boutique downtown and paid about the same amount that I paid for my snoozle . This pregnancy pillow is awesome because it is so easy to get comfortable with and when baby gets here in just a few days , he can also enjoy the pillow because it opens up to a baby play area . Just My Opinion .
 After reading the raves on this and other websites , I was eager to try this pillow . I 've had horrible times sleeping during pregnancy and was hopeful this would help . And it did , for about a month until the cheap materials showed it up . The portion of the pillow between my knees compressed into nothingness and was totally unsupportive thereafter . It 's tricky to roll over with -LRB- I always had to wake up to do it -RRB- and the fabric is really rough and scratchy . It also did not offer enough support for my neck . Get this pillow if you never want to cuddle your partner again , it 's so cumbersome , you wo n't be able to -- it 's like the Great Wall .
 I tried this a few nights before it got ole ' heave-ho ! It did not help me at all . I was better off with the regular pillow between my legs . I do n't know why it did n't work for me , but it did n't . It was uncomfortable and hard to roll from side-to-side with . And it takes up so much space ... . Do n't recommend this at all ... especially for the price .
 This pillow sounded like the best thing in the world . I got it out to try it and immediately found that I was too tall for this pillow , unless I slept in a curled position -LRB- I am 6ft tall -RRB- . You have to use the dedicated head part for this which seemed like a rock and the material was not soft . For the money this should have been the best thing ever . I was so bummed , I really thought this was going to be great . So I went and found a 10 dollar body pillow and a 10 soft cover . I also get to use my own head pillows . Wish I could have gave this a better review !
 It seemed to work well for the first few weeks . Then I started having pain in the neck and shoulder . If you could ask someone to take a look at your neck and spine , you would notice that they are n't in a straight line when you are using the pillow . The material does n't contour to your neck and head . The pain went away after I switched back to my old pillow and using a pillow between my knees and ankles . The cover that comes with the pillow is made in a poor material.I bought this because I was a back sleeper and was desperate in finding a solution to help me sleep on my side . THE BOTTOM LINE
 I adored this pillow when I first purchased it . I have had several abdominal surgeries , and it helped keep me positioned so I was n't rolling onto my stomach , and was very comfortable . After about a month , the padding on the inside of the pillow has completely compressed and separated into chunks , making this pillow virtually useless . It 's way too expensive for the short life it had .
 I purchased this pillow and have never successfully slept through an entire night with it . It is really quite large and feels confining when wrapped all around you under the sheets . I felt like I could n't move and could n't get comfortable . Plus , the material is really scratchy and awful - forcing you to shell out additional money for a cover . Way over-priced . Mine sits in the corner of my bedroom . For $ 20 I bought a body pillow and ultra soft cover at Target and I love it and sleep with it every night . Save your money !
 When I was about 6 months pregnant , I decided to invest in a snoogle because I was getting no sleep at night . The first night I had it , I thought it was heaven . But then I started getting headaches every morning and realized it was because of the snoogle . It wraps around you so that the top part is actually used as a pillow . I am used to thick , soft , down-filled pillows , and the snoogle is very hard and uncomfortable . I guess if you like hard , cotton pillows , it wo n't matter , and in that case , this would be a great item . But I just ca n't sleep without a soft pillow for my head . I am now back to using a regular body pillow along with my normal pillows , so this item was a waste of money for me . I am hoping to get some use out of it when I start to breastfeed - if so , I 'll write another review then :-RRB- .
 Bought this pillow a few weeks ago and it has been one of the worst purchases I 've ever made . It 's too uncomfortable to sleep in . Since I bought it , I 've lost more sleep and have more neck aches . Not worth it at all !
 This pillow is not for everyone . I am a light sleeper and this pillow ended up waking me up throughout the night . If you move at all you run into some part of the pillow as it is too bulky to move with you . I did not find the head section of the pillow comfortable as I would prefer to have my normal pillow under my head at night . Unfortunately I could not get the Snoogle to turn out of the C shaped position so the head rest section would have to go under your regular pillow and sleeping on two pillows results in a very stiff neck .
 I do n't have anything to add ... it 's very uncomfortable and did n't ease any of my discomfort . I used it for one night .
 I checked the online reviews of this product before spending the money on it . I was having difficulty getting comfortable and sleeping at night so I decided to try the Snoogle . I have since returned the Snoogle . I felt I could not get the pillow in position to be comfortable . The top curve was in the way of my regular pillow and the bottom curve was never in the right spot if I had the long part of the pillow up against me . I also felt that the pillow did not support my belly very well because it is so thick-I felt uncomfortable with it under me . I prefer the regular body pillows and find much more comfort using them-for a lot less money .
 I purchased this pillow early on in my pregnancy , and it worked well for the first few months . However , I found that the pillow really flattened out with use , and I eventually just switched to using multiple regular pillows in order to get enough support . I am not a large person either -LRB- 115 pounds before pregnancy -RRB- , so it did n't take much . Once I made that switch to regular pillows , I found the multiple pillows were much easier to maneuver around . Now that I am in the final weeks and turning is really difficult , I would not go back to the snoogle at all .
 I was so excited when my family bought me this pillow . I 'm 33 weeks pregnant and definitely at the point where solid sleep is hard to come by . I thought this pillow would ease some of my discomfort , but instead it added to it . Not only is the pillow case material scratchy and annoying against my skin -LRB- as many of the other reviews say -RRB- , it 's not ergonomically correct ! After the first morning of trying to use it , I woke up with the worst pain in my neck and had to go see my chiropractor for an adjustment . The pillow forces your neck to lay at a weird angel instead of straight in line with the rest of your spine . Also , I have n't had much lower back pain during my pregnancy , but using this pillow triggered it for me . I had been sleeping just fine with a pillow between my legs before I got this one , so that was n't the issue . I 'm 5 ' 4 '' so maybe this has something to do with it , but I ca n't afford more chiro visits . The pillow itself is very uncomfortable with really tightly sewn seams that cut into any part of your body that touches it . I tried everything to fix the problems , including trying to use a separate pillow for my neck the 2nd night . I slept even worse than the 1st night . Very disappointed in this product . Sending it back .
 It 's hot , unbendable , unforgiving , and no where near as comfortable as using an extra pillow from the guest room . Unfortunately , my husband got it for me as a ` gift ' and I 'm stuck using this horrible , expensive device .
 I found this beast of a pillow to be way too large and poofy to get comfortable with . I had a kink in my neck after sleeping with it because it kept my head so far off the mattress . I also felt like it was way too big when I tried to use it to support my top leg when sleeping on my side . It was also a huge pain to try and punch into place after getting up to use the bathroom at night , which happens frequently when pregnant . By the time I had it arranged , I was wide awake . I had better luck getting some inexpensive down pillows that I could mold around me as needed for support , and that were easier to get into place after getting up in the night .
 i was so excited about ordering this pillow around my 20th week of pregnancy as i was having back pain while sleeping and everyone raves about these pillows . the pillow feels like it is stuffed with polyfill -LRB- filling for craft projects -RRB- and after using it for 2 months it was flat where my head lays and where my legs cross over the pillow and there is no way to fluff up polyfill . at that point , the pillow became completely useless to me.the `` pillow case '' that it comes with feels like it is 25 thread count and it is very rough feeling , but since i did n't want to pay $ 30 extra for the nicer pillow case , i toughed it out and eventually got used to it.my other major complaint was when i would wake up in the middle of the night and my hip and shoulder would be sore and i would need to switch sides , it was very cumbersome trying to do so due to the curves in the pillow.i stopped using this pillow around week 28 and started using a regular pillow under my head , in between my legs and one to hug . this cost me nothing since i owned extra pillows , was more supportive as the pillows were thicker and i could fluff them up when needed and it was n't as difficult to switch sides in the middle of the night.my recommendation is to just use regular pillows and do n't waste your money .
 Before pregnancy I never slept on my side - and I really do n't like side sleeping . The Snoogle has really helped me be able to sleep on my side or sleep on my back but with the snoogle under one side so I 'm kind of propped up on it . Sleeping became really difficult in the 6th month and I am very glad I purchased this pillow . One caveat is that you NEED to buy a cover with it - I did n't realize that and ended up trying to wrap mine in a sheet until I had a chance to get a cover . The material is very scratchy and rough by itself
 I ordered this through Amazon because it 's about $ 8 cheaper than at the store , and my friend who is 10 weeks further along than me swore by it . I HATE it . The first night , I actually slept , but I stayed in the same position all night long which caused me to wake up in the morning with severe hip pain . Hip pain , by the way , that this pillow was supposed to have prevented . The second night I tried it again , but I pushed the curved part at the head out of the way and used my regular pillow because it 's softer . After about 45 minutes of thrashing around trying to get comfortable , I threw the stupid thing on the floor and went back to my regular body pillow . This pillow is itchy , it 's super firm -LRB- AKA
 I am a little disappointed in the pillow . I have trouble getting comfortable using it as a pillow for my head . If you have a small bed I would n't recommend on getting this because it is pretty big .
 I bought this thinking it would alleviate my hip pain from the extra weight of the baby but it did n't . Instead , I woke up with a crick in my neck in addition to pain in my hip -LRB- the snoogle is hard and a little too large for me to use as a pillow -RRB- . So I went to Target and bought an egg-crate foam mattress for $ 12 to put over our usual mattress - it works great ! No hip pain , no cricks in the neck !
 I was experiencing hip and shoulder pain while sleeping and that 's why I bought this product -LRB- I am 26 weeks pregnant -RRB- . Well the hip problem has not stopped at all.I still wake up in pain in the middle of the night but my shoulders do n't hurt anymore .
 Thank goodness I borrowed this - it 's really not something I would want to waste my money on !!!! First of all , it 's big . But that 's not a dealbreaker , I can handle big . Not like my huge fort knox of pillows was smaller ! Other preg pillows are probably of equal size . But do note that it 's a nice wall between you and hubby . Also , the covers are TERRIBLE , always wiggling off and exposing the center of the pillow.The `` C '' shape presents an interesting question - put it towards the middle of the bed , or the edge ? I chose middle , which means sleeping more on my right . But it 's easier to get out of bed this way!The portion of the pillow which is supposed to go between the legs is really annoying - when you roll over -LRB- which happens -RRB- , you need to untangle your legs from that part . What a BOTHER!I do like the curvature around the neck/shoulders . I find it very comfortable , but I think it contributes to sleeping on my back -LRB- which I find myself doing -RRB- . All in all , I probably would n't buy a preg pillow , but if I did , I would either buy a big U-shaped one -LRB- which you would need to climb out of when getting out of bed -RRB- , or the candy-cane variety , not the `` C '' shape . It just does n't work for me ... -LRB- Off note , I have noticed my sciatica is much better since sleeping with this thing . I 'm not sure that 's related or not - things change so fast with pregnancy ! -RRB-
 I bought this for my pregnant wife but she says it does not support her stomach the way she likes . The item came in perfect shape and delivery was prompt .
 I looked at many different pregnancy pillows over the internet which was my first mistake . What I should have done was find a store to buy one so that I could see the pillow in real life before buying it . The reason I jumped at buying this particular pillow was due to all the great reviews I was reading and I really needed something to alleviate the hip pain I was having.I wrapped my legs around the bottom part for sleeping like it 's suggested and by the time I woke up in the morning my knees were sore from having the pillow there due to the firmness of the pillow . If it was softer and flatter it might have worked . I also do n't like the way the part where you put your head is so curved and awkward . Another negative aspect is the pillow does n't support a baby bump at all because it is so firm and too tall to fit under my stomach . The pillow itself is also too long for me . I am 5 ' 4 '' and weigh 120 so maybe it has something to do with smaller sized women since I read some other low star reviews where that seemed to be an issue so I would n't recommend it to anyone that is small nor to anyone else for that matter .
 I am 5 ' 8 and this pillow was not long enough to go under my head , between my knees , and under my belly . I was also very disappointed with the softness . This is a hard and scratchy pillow . It is also pretty thick , my head was up too high to be comfortable . I normally sleep on a goose feather pillow , so I prefer softness . I was in so much pain when I finally got out of bed after using the snoogle total body pillow . I returned it . I was very hopeful that this pillow would give me a good night sleep , since I have n't been sleeping well since week 16 of my pregnancy . Very disappointed .
 This pillow was a waste of money . One , the shape . I ca n't figure out why it is this bizarre curly cue shape , personally I think sleeping in it feels confining and uncomfortable and prevents any kind of easy movement . Second , as echoed in reviews , the cover they sell you for it is extremely scratchy and uncomfortable -- made of very cheap material . Third , the foam used is of the cheapest grade possible and actually feels like it pushes you out of the pillow because it is overly dense and springy . I am used to memory foam which contours to your joints and is more orthopedically sound . This foam feels like its trying to push against you and push you out of the pillow , which , since the pillow is a big curly cue and trying to stick you back in -- feels very uncomfortable . This pillow felt like a vice to me . After one hour it wound up on the floor and I was back with my other three pillow pastiche solution .
 No problems with the quality of the pillow or the pillow case.I have n't tried any other body pillows , so I ca n't compare , but it seems to help . Early in my first trimester , I started getting severe knee and hip pain at night . I still have some , but sleeping with the body pillow seems to help . I think the important thing in avoiding the hip pain is to keep my whole upper leg on the body pillow , so it is n't angling downward - at least I hope this will help.The pillow comes with a pillow case . Its a bit hard to get it on and off for washing , but I 'm not sure how it could be improved - it 's a snake shaped pillow - a zipper or snaps would make it easier to get on and off , but would probably be uncomfortable or would n't completely cover the pillow.Edit
 The pillow was not helpful for me being that I 'm very petite -LRB- 4ft 11in -RRB- . Just too much pillow for this littla mamma ! I also found it to be very dense ; not soft or plushy .
 If you plan to get this pillow you will need to buy or make a soft cover for it as the fabric is quite stiff and scratchy especially for those with sensitive skin . The shape of the pillow provides support for your knees and just slightly below but no support for the calves or ankles which is quite uncomfortable because your lower legs are left on a decline -LRB- this may be different depending on your height and overall body size , I 'm fairly small framed and 5 ' 8 '' -RRB- . The pillow is very firm and I prefer a simple body length pillow for what I consider better support and comfort . In my experience -LRB- the two nights I tried to use it -RRB- I woke up more often than before I bought it in uncomfortable positions and neck pain . I personally felt a little bit trapped and smothered by the large design of the pillow . It 's worth a try if you are desperate but I would go with your average fluffy body pillow first .
 I got this pillow for aches in my hips at night , a condition that seems pretty prevalent in older women . It promises that it `` supports entire back , aligns hips , neck , spine and legs ; great relief from hip and lower back pain . '' I found that NONE of these promises are fulfilled . Basically , it is the same as if one wound up a duvet and placed it next to one 's back
 Just a warning that the main photo for this item -LRB- showing 6 smaller pics of a u-shaped pillow -RRB- is not this actual item . The 2nd and 3rd photos are correct for the Snoogle , which is c-shaped . If you want the u-shaped pillow , you will need to order the Leachco Back 'N Belly - Contoured Body Pillow , which is $ 10 more . My star rating has nothing to do with the product itself ... just want to alert others so you do n't buy it based on the wrong photo , like I did !
 i read a million reviews for a bunch of different maternity body pillows and decided on this one because it did n't look too big and i really wanted something firm . i did n't want to pay $ 50 for a pillow that was flat . my regular pillows are firm.when i received this item , i was shocked at how firm it actually was . i used it for a while , in attempt to flatten it out a little so i could be comfortable . but alas , i was NEVER comfortable . nothing about this pillow was comfortable . and i could n't see myself using it to support my belly when i was REALLY showing because it was so firm , my belly would have been up in the air instead of level with the rest of my body.i do n't know . maybe if i was a larger woman , i would enjoy this pillow more . i was 119lbs -LRB- pre-pregnancy -RRB- 5 ' 5 '' . it was just a waste of money.also , it comes with a pillow case . i did n't know that , so i purchased a sage one . when i went to put it on the pillow , i realized there was already a white one on it . so it was a waste of money .
 I 'm 16 weeks pregnant and this is my second pregnancy . I bought the Snoogle after suffering from neck pain , pins and needles in my arm -LRB- on the side I was sleeping -RRB- and due to a desire to stop rolling onto my back in the night . The reviews seemed helpful and the Snoogle was cheaper than the `` J '' shaped pregnancy pillow -LRB- also available through amazon online and got better reviews -RRB- . I put my own pillow case over the head part , as one reviewer suggested . And I was set . But I had the worst night 's sleep ! I tried it for 3 nights and 3 naps . It did allow me to stay put and not roll onto my back because I was so cradled . But the head piece -LRB- and I switched the pillow around and tried both ends with similar results -RRB- was a little too hard and hurt my ear . When I rolled over , if I was facing the curve -LRB- did n't want to roll the pillow over in the night -RRB- , I felt suffocated by the curve of the head piece . Plus , it really is too hot to sleep with . And it 's too difficult to toss around the bed -LRB- it gets tangled and you need all the sleep you can get -RRB- . I found it took up LESS room than the pillows I was using , but it cradled my head in such a way that I did n't sleep well at all . Instead , I purchased a new extra firm head pillow and used a regular pillow for between my legs . And had the best night 's sleep in 3 nights or more -LRB- no neck pain or pins and needles -RRB- . I 'm taking my pillow back ASAP .
 I just did n't care for this at all . The head part was not high enough for me - I am a two pillow sleeper . The curve drove me batty because this pillow did not eliminate the need to toss and turn , just made it harder . Could n't figure out the belly support feature - just did n't help me . Does n't come with a case which is $ 20 and all in all I think just knowing I am sleeping on a $ 40 pillow makes me uncomfortable ! I returned it the next day - just not worth it . I 'll stick with my pillow arsenal - it 's not ideal but it 's free and works just as well as this .
 I just deleted my first review , which I made after owning this pillow for a month . I originally gave it 4 stars , taking one off because it 's bulky and makes it difficult to roll over.However , after owning it for 3 months , the top -LRB- where my head rests -RRB- was completely flat and I had to use a second pillow under my head . It also ripped right on the inside of the curve where my shoulder hit it . On top of all of that , you ca n't purchase covers for it , so I was stuck trying to deal with a standard pillow case cover over the top which just got tangled and fell off every night.I wish I would have just bought a new body pillow , it would have saved me a lot of money and headache dealing with this huge thing .
 It did not help me in anyway , if you use this product , you will not be able to turn one side to another with ease , and I think everyone turns in bed frequently during pregnancy .
 It may just be me , but I found this pillow to be the most uncomfortable thing on the planet . No matter how I positioned it , one portion of my body or another was in pain and uncomfortable . I tried this pillow based on the reviews that I read , but I also know that not everybody is the same , and every opinion is different . Just my opinion , and nothing else , but I think this pillow is no where near worth the $ 50 I spent on it , I took it back the very next day .
 I have to be honest , I tried several times and was never able to get used to using the Snoogle body pillow . It was big and bulky , and when my hips would hurt , it took me too long to move it under the covers so that I could roll over . I was personally better off just using a pillow between my knees and one smushed under/into the side of my baby belly . I am sorry that I spent the money on this thing , instead of just making due with what I had already at home .
 I bought this pillow hoping it will help me to get more comfortable at night . Unfortunately , so far I do n't like it . Maybe the problem is that even though I am now 6 months pregnant I am still quite skinny and my belly is small . There is no chance for me to support my belly on the side of the pillow like some women recommend , it 's simply too high . Also , I usually sleep on very flat pillow so both curvy sides of this pillow seem too high for me . It actually started to give me a neck pain , so instead of feeling better I have more aches now . :-RRB- -RRB- The only positive thing I found so far is leg support . It helps greatly with swelling in my ankles , but of course I would get the same relieve with simple pillow unter my feet . Other thing is the price . Material this pillow is made of is very cheap and it 's definitely over priced . I do n't find the cover as unpleasant as some other reviewers stated but yup , for the price it should be much better quality.Overal , I do not recommend this pillow , especially if you are slim person .
 I am so much trouble getting into a restful sleep position at 6 months ... I loved the idea of this pillow & the good reviews . I am 5 ' 6 '' & 130 pounds . I have a large belly , yet I am small in size . I am normally a side sleeper.The shape of this pillow did not fit my body correctly -LRB- because of the pre-shaped curves -RRB- If you put the head curve under your head your arm will fall asleep & I normally sleep with my arm under my head , so I do n't get it . My belly was not supported & I still woke up with back pain.It takes up way too much room in a queen size bed , pushing dad 2 be almost to the floor ! I still found myself wanting to flip & could not do so without constantly waking my husband.I think this pillow may work for some , yet not for me . I will just stick with multi-pillow props .
 Unfortunately , this is n't going to do much for me throughout my pregnancy . I am 6 ' 1 '' and this ca n't comfortably cradle my head AND provide appropriate support between the knees . I 'm also not a fan of the hot material - quite surprised by the number of positive reviews . If I could return mine now , I absolutely would .
 I almost feel like i didnt give this enough time since most others love it . It is nice and soft and snuggly . But , after two nights of using it I had to return it . I tried to sleep with the top curve under my head as a pillow and I woke up with a horribly stiff neck . I am used to a thinner pillow so I think it was just to thick for me . I tried to use it with my regular pillow the next night and the top curve just kept getting in the way . I was more comfy but couldnt stand the top hitting me in the head all night . I exchanged it for a regular body pillow and now I sleep much better . The price is also bit much for teh Snoogle as well -LRB- $ 50 at Babies R US -RRB- . I got my body pillow for $ 10 at Bed Bath and Beyond.Bottom line , could be great for those who can sleep with their head on the Snoogle . Otherwise get a regular body pillow .
 I bought the Snoogle pillow hoping for a better night 's rest , but I have only used it 3-4 times since I got it 6 months ago , and many of those times , I throw it on the floor in about an hour.The pillow case is very rough , and irritated my sensitive skin . Easy to wash , but watch out if you have lint and cat hair problems , ... this thing is a lint/hair magnet !! The pillow made me very hot ! I even tried using it with no covers and just sleeping in a t-shirt , but I was still too warm . I think this may have to do with the material it 's made of . I 'm never too warm with the flannel sheet , blanket , and comforter I normally sleep with every night!I like to roll back and forth all night , and this was so large it would disturb my husband everytime I moved ... not to mention it was difficult to move around once you are cradled in it.I did find it very supportive for my back , which was what I was looking for , but between the heat and scratchy material , I gave up on it , and went back to using several pillows.The part where I put my head is too fat ! I like thin pillows , and if i do n't use one , my neck ends up hurting.If you still want to buy this thing to try . . buy it from walmart and save yourself 20 bucks . I wish I had returned mine to amazon when I first got it , and gotten my 50 bucks back .
 After having terrible hip pain while sleeping , I was so excited when this pillow finally arrived . HOWEVER , after sleeping with it for two nights , I have terrible neck pain ... in fact , I 'm using a heating pad right now ... it 's that bad . I 'm 5 ' 10 '' and in order to `` fit '' inside the curves of this pillow , I have to scrunch up a bit , and wind up bending my neck at a weird angle . I will take hip pain over this neck pain any day !!
 I have had this pillow for only a few months now . I got it at the beginning of my 2nd trimester , and now I 'm nearing the beginning of my 3rd trimester . Within that time , the stuffing inside of the bottom part of the pillow has thinned out , making my legs too close together . I need more spacing between my knees so that my hips do n't hurt when I sleep . Painful hips from sleeping on your side is SO annoying , if you have n't experienced it already , you just might if you are using this pillow . In addition to this , the head part of the pillow is too flat . I struggle with sleeping on this as a pillow because my neck hurts . Overall I do not recommend this product . I read tons of reviews on Amazon of different pillows , and this one was the cheapest with the best review . Do n't fall for the same trap I did !!! Shell out the extra bucks and get a better quality , better stuffed pillow ... . you 'll be happier sleeping if you do .
 I purchased this pillow early in my pregnancy after reading reviews on the various pillows on the market . It turned out to be extremely uncomfortable almost as soon as I got it and completely unusable later in the pregnancy . It was impossible to sleep on one side all night long without my arm or leg falling asleep . Trying to switch sides became a long process that inevitably woke up my husband and only frustrated me more . Using it as a back support was not at all helpful . I had better back support sleeping on my side on the couch . I ended up using separate pillows to support my stomach and legs . In the end , it was a total waste of money .
 I was pretty excited to buy and use snoogle during my pregnancy but when I got it it did n't really fulfill my expectations . First , I ca n't get comfortable with it because it forces you to assume a certain position -LRB- either with the pillow behind your back or front -RRB- . If you belong to the group of people who wake up in exactly the same position as they fell asleep - great , maybe it 'll work for you . If , however , you move at night , you will wake up every time you turn . EVERY TIME . I tried sleeping with it a couple times and ended up throwing it on the floor since I do n't like it to wake me up all the time - that kind of defeats the purpose . It 's also way too big -LRB- the size of a human -RRB- , too heavy and too firm . You wo n't be able to support your belly on it , only sort of lean on it . At first I thought I would give it a chance and try it when my belly gets bigger but now that I 'm 8 months pregnant , I prefer a Walmart $ 5 body pillow way better . At least you can control and adjust the pillow to YOU , and not the opposite . The other bad thing is that the covers for this thing are more than half of the price of the pillow . I bought my Snoogle at Babies R Us and it did not come with a cover so that 's kind of a pain , too . My advice - not worth the money if you are a tosser and turner .
 I was under the impression that this pillow already came with a cover but it did n't so I now have to buy a cover for it or cut off all the tags . Then there is the fact that i 'm 5 ' 4 '' and the bottom curve is between my ankles . It 's also not as firm as I thought . The head part is very firm but if you put your arm on it or put it between your knees it goes flat . I would not recommend this pillow .
 I bought this pillow thinking it would be a saving grace , but it turns out that it was a curse . A rock hard , extremely space hungry , very expensive for the quality you receive . It is made of very low quality material . I would have loved to return this cumbersome monster of a pillow , but as the paper said , you ca n't return it once it has been used . Oh well ! Be warned that you are buying something that you will have to live with . I highly recommend you buy a pillow that you have actually felt with your own hands prior to purchase . The curve of the pillow forces you to sleep with your neck in an unnatural position/curve , which caused me to wake up with headaches each time I slept with it . I initially thought I was going to have to get use to it , but it is impossible . Another trying thing with this pillow is it 's size . We sleep in a queen bed , and this pillow made sure no one got a good night 's sleep due to a it 's massive size .
 I bought the Snoogle because I found that I was waking up each morning with a sore back . The first night I used it , it seemed okay . But from then on , anytime I use it , I wake up even more sore than without it . I think the reason is having the pillow under my head and between my legs but nowhere else - it seems to make me lay out of alignment so I wake up with a sore back , shoulders , neck , etc. . I originally thought this one would be better than the J-shaped one -LRB- ca n't remember manufacturer 's name -RRB- but now I think the j-shaped one would be better because then you can just use your own pillows . I actually think that I may just buy one of those wedges now and use that for under my belly and stick a regular pillow between my knees . So the Snoogle may work well for some people , but for me it actually made things worse .
 I bought the Snoogle after hearing rave reviews from my also-pregnant friend , and from waking up with a backache starting at around 5 months . I was so excited when I bought it , and tried not to get discouraged when I found it very disruptive each time I tried to switch sides with it . You essentially have to get it into position all over again when you want to change from one side to the other . Night 2
 I would suggest buying a body pillow/bolster instead . It was not comfortable to use as a pillow , so my neck and shoulders would be sore the next morning .
 I slept on this pillow for a total of one night and was up most of the night with terrible hip pain even though I was sleeping with the pillow between my legs for support . While it was totally unsupportive for what I needed it for -LRB- compresses pretty flat when you lay on it -RRB- , it was also large and cumbersome and took up a fair amount of space . I decided to return it but have yet to see a refund from the company which should n't surprise me since it took them over three weeks to send me the pillow in the first place .
 I had seen so many good reviews for this pillow that I bought it immediately . I 've always slept with a body pillow and thought this would be great . So , when it arrived , I slept with it that night . Lo and behold , as soon as I turned in my sleep the darn thing ripped at the inside curve on the bottom ! I remedied that by tying a regular pillow case around it . I toss and turn so much , though , that after 9 months of use it is permanently twisted at the bottom . I love the shape , but they really need to improve the design .
 Before buying this pillow , check out the reviews on the `` Pregnancy Pillow Deluxe '' . It also scored high and only costs $ 9.00 ! A friend of mine had suggested I buy a cheap body pillow at Wal-mart . I had never gotten around to doing this and had n't really felt I needed a special pillow so much anyway . But in my 6th month I had started needing extra support under my belly . I was at BabiesRus one day and saw this Snoogle pillow , and wondered about it . I did n't see the price displayed and nearly choked when a clerk told me the price was $ 50 . But I was told that a lot of women go to the store looking for this specific pillow . I was also told that it doubled as a nursing pillow and that if I did n't like it after I got it home , I could return it . I decided maybe it was a good thing . So for 3 nights I tried it . I used it behind my back so that it worked differently than a cheap body pillow that you just hug in front of you , to try and justify the extra cost . It was hard to get it pulled around well enough to support my big belly , and then it was kind of narrow and firm , not wide and cushy enough to really help my belly that much . The back support was not really that great either . I liked the part curved around my head , and I kind of liked feeling `` cuddled '' by the pillow - but none of the good points were worth $ 50 to me . Anyway , the first 3 nights I slept okay with it , but nothing to write home about . The reason for using it that many times in the first place was to try and figure out what everyone seems to like about this thing . Each day I debated returning it , but felt guilty for having used it . I decided to give it a 4th try . This time my back was hurting and I wanted it to really support my back . I fought with it and tried to make it comfortable to me , but I never could get it to work right . Finally I just wanted to go to sleep and quit dealing with this thing . I wound up putting this Snoogle to the side and using a couple of regular pillows in my bed with me . I fell asleep quickly after that . Even when I `` lost '' one of the regular pillows during the night , I was much more comfortable than I was in the Snoogle . I am going to return it now . I ca n't waste my money this way !
 I bought this snoogle to help me sleep but I am not too sure about it really . You can not use a pillow with it and be compfortable and also you definatly can not have a down cover on your mattress or the snoogle just sinks into it . It is hard to position compfortably . If you are a person who sleeps in one position all night long then you might like it . I dont know . I try everything to get a nice sleep and nothing workd so maybe it is me ... but for 50 bucks , put a blanket between your knees .
 I bought this item because I knew a few friends that had used it . They gave me mixed reviews , but I needed to buy something since I 'm almost in my third trimester and starting to feel uncomfortable at night . This pillow is stiff and the fabric was rough . I tried using it one night and ended up throwing it out of the bed at 3 AM . I wish I would have bought something more simple that does n't come up to my head . I prefer my regular pillow under my head . I would not recommend buying this pillow .
 I was so excited to get this pregnancy pillow - I 'd been told over and over again by friends and my midwife that I just had to get a pregnancy pillow , that I 'd feel so much better once I did.Alas , that did n't happen.My major two issues with this pillow are this : - It 's hot . Or , rather , it traps my heat , so I wake up much sweatier than I do without it . I do n't particularly like being hot while sleeping , so I rarely use this as a result . - It 's awkward when rolling over . I have to reposition myself to make it work , which means that I need to kinda sorta wake up to do so , rather than just readjusting while sleeping like I 'd normally do.I also wish the pillowcases for it were cheaper - I ca n't see investing more money into this to use it more than I do , but because I end up kicking it to the floor midway through each night I try to use it , I would like something that 's easier to clean.Mostly , I wish that I had n't spent the money .
 I returned this item . I was a giant pregnant lady that needed support , but the fabric is really rough on the skin . I am sure there is a cover out there , but that 's more $ . i ended up buying just a large soft pillow instead .
 I bought this pillow because of back problems with my pregnancy . I do n't toss and turn but I do tend to roll over once or twice at night . This does not provide the support to my lower back that I need nor does it allow you to rest easily . I had to wake up to roll over each time because the pillow does not allow you to turn easily . My husband was also upset by the size of the pillow because it took up a lot of room in our King size bed . I do n't know about you but a pregnant woman and a giagantic pillow do n't leave too much room for dad ! I wish I could make a recommedation on another pillow to use instead of this - but the truth is that this discouraged me from trying any other pregnancy pillow - so I sleep with regular pillows again .
 My friend lent me her Snoogle for my pregnancy , swearing it was the most comfortable thing she 'd ever experienced . I loved it for the first night or so , but then found myself getting repeatedly tangled up in it and unable to maintain the adjustments I needed to sleep comfortably -LRB- since the entire pillow is connected , when you move one part , the rest wants to move with it -RRB- . I eventually curled it into an `` O '' shape and now have it against the wall behind the bed to prop myself up while I watch TV . I also found that it was stuffed too full to give my belly the under-support that it needed.Now I 'm using a belly wedge and a regular flat , rectangular body pillow , as well as a couple of other supplementary pillows where I need them . A million times better than this un-tameable monster . Thanks , but no thanks on this one .
 I did not find this item to be very comfortable at all ! Maybe I am too petite for this item but it was not very plyable at all and became far too cumbersome . It just took up a great deal of space in the bed and was too hard and thick to use under my head . Furthermore , it did not supply enough back support so I prefered to use a heatable neck pillow to support my back . Honestly , you would be better served to purchase a bolster pillow for between your knees and a heatable -LRB- chamomile or lavender -RRB- beanbag pillow . Spend the fifty dollars on your baby instead !
 I bought this pillow and was very excited about it as I have always been a stomach sleeper and staying on my side was a real challenge . I slept with it for about two weeks and though some nights I would stay in position most others I would have to reposition the pillow several times . Not too much of a problem . I have n't slept straight through the night since I got pregnant . About 1/2 way through the 2nd week I started getting excrutiating headaches . I finally went to the doctor and she stated that they were caused from stress and strain . Turns out I spent the better part of sleeping hours `` fighting '' with the pillow to change position . I quit using it at night and my headaches have gone away completely . It is great for taking naps where your less likely to toss & turn . And I love it for laying in bed and reading . It 's still better than having 6 pillows on the bed but I do n't recommend it for people who naturally shift a lot in their sleep .
 I did n't purchase this product from Amazon , I got in in a local store , but unless you just have money to blow on crap you do n't need , do not buy this stupid thing ! I liked it at first , but my baby is n't even born yet and I already hate this thing!It takes up way too much space on the bed , the pillow itself is so firm , it gives me headaches to lay my head on it all night . I should have gotten a small wedge pillow for a fraction of the cost . I paid $ 40 for the pillow , and another $ 20 for the horrible cover -LRB- which I did buy on Amazon , and wrote a separate review for -RRB- . I could have gotten a body pillow from Walmart for $ 10 , and a few pillow cases for a few bucks each . This thing is a pain in the butt and I ca n't possibly see how anyone who has actually used this thing on a regular basis for a few months would still like it.If you have the money to waste on something you might hate , be my guest , but I wish I 'd never bought this monstrosity or it 's cheaply-made cover . I 'd much rather have my $ 60 back .
 I had heard from a friend that this is the thing to have so we shelled out $ 50 for the pillow . I 'm only 5 ' 1 '' and it is way too big . It 's just too thick for being under my belly , and it 's just cumbersome in the bed . The cover is cheap , extremely low thread count . The back support , however , is nice.I 'd only buy this if you 're absolutely miserable . Otherwise , I 'm going to just stick with a traditional pillow .
 I was n't so happy with this product for myself . It was uncomfortable to sleep with and I tried many times . It was bulky . It did n't fit fit any of my needs .
 I purchased this pillow based on the description and all the enthusiastic reviews . I was highly dissapointed with my purchase . At first I thought I got a deal because my pillowcost under 50 bucks . Come to realize when I got home that it came without a pillowcase ! The company wants 20 bucks for their pillowcase which is at least 50 % polyester . YIKES . I made one out of a King sheet I had laying around . I found this pillow extremely uncomfortable . My legs and belly were happy with it but my head and neck were not . Each time I try to sleep with this pillow I awake with a horrible pain in the neck , and a throbbing headache . It is just to big and fluffy and does not have enough give for my head to rest comfortably .
 I got this pillow because I have a hard time falling asleep at night . I toss and turn -LRB- from my right side to my left side and vice versa -RRB- , this pillow is not good for those who like to go from one side to the other . It is too big to turn and you have to take off the covers and get positioned again . I did feel support for my back , but I can not sleep with it around my head . I woke up with a stiff neck both nights I used it ! I had to return it . I do n't think it is thick enough or wide enough . I am only 5 ' 3 and found it hard to stay comfortable all night . I got it with the hopes that this would be my saving grace and help me get a good night 's sleep , but it was not . I am still looking for another pillow to help with my back pain .
 I 've had this pillow for 3 weeks and I am still not convinced.it does kind of help but I still find myself laying on the other side.Not as comfortable as I thought it would be .
 I bought this as a friend recommended it as a necessity during pregnancy . It is good quality . But for me this is very hard to use . Once you put it between your leg and back and head , you ca n't move or turn any more . It is bulky and it is too thick to support under your belly . I ended up using it only once and had such a bad night of sleep that I stopped using it . It is much easier for me to just put a thin pillow under my belly and another pillow between my legs . So while this is not a complaint about the product itself , I think the concept of using it is not something everyone will enjoy , and is an individual thing . So you may want to try it once and see if you even like it before you dish out $ 50 for it .
 I used this product for about 2 weeks but ended up returning it as I could n't get used to it 's size . I kept trying different ends for side sleeping but I could n't get used to it . It was too high . Also , I did n't like the feel of the fabric cover -LRB- it is a mix of coton and polyster -RRB- . . so I covered it in a cotton sheet to use . Also , it being so bulky , it was very hard to move around and took a lot of space in the bed .
 I purchased the Snoogle after reading good reviews and hearing that it would definitely help for sleeping comfortably . It did n't quite work that way for me . I suppose if you stay in one position while you sleep , it 's great , but I tend to flip from side to side throughout the night ; and with having the Snoogle wrapped around me , it was very difficult to flip from one side to the other . I got frustrated and just threw the thing off the bed and went back to using a regular bed pillow between my knees , which ended up being WAY more comfortable than the Snoogle . I found that the Snoogle was not as plush as my regular pillows are and did not provide adequate spacing between my knees for good back support . I should have just stuck with my regular bed pillows and saved myself -LSB- money -RSB- . The only reason I give it 2 stars is because my kids have gotten LOTS of use from it by using it to lay on while watching t.v. on the living room floor . They love it . So at least it will not go to total waste , but I definitely will not be reccommending this product to anyone I know .
 When I first bought Snoogle , I loved it , as it was perfectly supportive as promised . Then my toddler barfed in our bed , and some of it unfortunately splashed on Snoogle . Snoogle 's cover had to be washed . Snoogle 's cover is very snug , without a hint of stretch . Snoogle 's ONE cover opening is in a very awkward location . I was so frustrated with trying to put Snoogle 's cover back on after washing that I left it off and left the pillow bare . Big mistake . Snoogle 's supportive secret is in its cover because when left without , it 's basically a flat blob of cheap batting that stores body heat like an extra-lumpy camel and then spits it back at you during the night . Why do people devise ways to frustrate pregnant women ? Finally , today , I put Snoogle 's cover back on , and after a half-hour of twisting , writhing , cursing and taking two breaks ... I got the stupid cover back on but did n't even have a post-coital glow as an added benefit.My recommendation ? Buy a straight but fairly flexible body pillow . It 's what I had for my first pregnancy . We simply used two king cases to cover it , and I had no problem curving it to fit between my knees as needed .
 I found the snoogle to be bulky and not help me sleep better at all . I felt like I wasted money on this product . I ended up just putting a regular pillow between my legs and that helped a lot more than the snoogle did .
 I had a relative that had this pillow or one very similar and loved it many years ago . I had also read many positive reviews online so I was very interested when we saw it at Babies R Us . I felt bad about the cost of `` just a pillow '' when I had a regular body pillow that seemed to work well enough . My growing belly and sore back won out - and my husband insisted that we try it to give me some relief . The Snoogle is definitely not for me . I found that after one night of use , my sciatic issues flared which made it difficult to walk the next day . I used it for 2 more nights , just thinking it was a coincidence . The fourth night I went back to my regular firm pillow for my head and my regular body pillow suspecting there may be a connection and I feel much better today . I hope I will be able to return it to recoup our cost - we had purchased the Snoogle and the pillow case . I feel that was a significant loss for something that not only did n't help -LRB- which we had counted as a possibility -RRB- , but actually hurt me -LRB- which we had not -RRB- .
 It 's a great idea that seems like it would solve the issue of sleeping while pregnant , but it was actually harder to use . For example , if you lay with the long piece behind your back , you can not roll over very easily.The pillow is firm-ish which some may like , and the material it is made of is soft to the touch . The pillow is quite large and takes up a substantial portion of the bed . I ended up returning this item -LRB- very easily thanks to Amazon -RRB- and bought a small wedge pillow for my belly and use a separate small pillow for between the legs.Material
 I was so excited to get the Snoogle , based on all the positive reviews . I ca n't argue with the evidence - if you find this pillow comfortable , it 's obviously a lifesaver.But it 's simply not comfortable for everyone , including me , so I could only give it two stars . I feel very cramped with this pillow ; it actually makes my back more sore than just lying on the bed . I wake up very stiff and cranky after a couple of hours with the Snoogle ! Also , it is huge and bulky , so I ca n't move it easily if I want to change positions.I feel like there might be some sort of `` trick '' to it , that maybe I just need to lay exactly the right way , and it will be fine . But I 've had the Snoogle for several months now , and that has n't happened yet.On the plus side , unlike a regular straight body pillow , the Snoogle is versitile . I 'm hoping I can make use of it once the baby is born and I start nursing , or that it will , at the very least , be a comfortable prop for watching TV . And , unlike many other reviewers , I have no quality issues with the Snoogle . The fabric does not bother my skin , and the material does not get all bunched up , as others have mentioned . It 's just the design that 's a problem - I ca n't find a way to make the darn thing comfortable !
 A friend who was about 12 weeks ahead of me in her pregnancy recommended that I get the Snoogle for sleeping comfort . According to her it was `` the best thing ever '' - that was when I was about 16 weeks and starting to get a bump . I 'm now at 30 weeks and have used it a total of 2 times - both times I woke up with such a bad neck crick and headache that it literally gives me a headache looking at it now -LRB- it is on the floor beside my bed taking up a HUGE amount of space -RRB- . Instead , I am have been sleeping with a regular old pillow between my legs - it can be moved so that my belly can be supported if I need it , and it is easy to roll over -LRB- which I found virtually IMPOSSIBLE with the Snoogle -RRB- but I find that sleeping on my side I can pretty much support my belly on the mattress . I 'll update this review if , during the next 10 weeks , I find the pillow does n't work , but the bottom line is that $ 50 for this was absolutely not worth it . Of all the things I 've bought for myself and/or the baby this product is the one I wish I had skipped - after all there are a lot of other things I still need to buy for the baby and $ 50 would go a long way toward them - not to mention the fact that now I have this enormous and unweildy pillow that I have no idea where to store . I suspect I 'll donate it , but I feel a bit guilty doing that considering I may be dooming some other expectant Mom to more headaches and pains than she 's already got .
 Let me start by saying this is a really great product . I received it for Christmas while pregnant with our 2nd child . When I was laying on it on the carpeted floor downstairs it was soooo comfortable I almost fell asleep right there -LRB- and I do n't sleep on hard surfaces -RRB- . However , our bed is a pillow top mattress cover -LRB- really soft !! -RRB- and unfortunately when I went to use it in bed , it was comfy at first , but then I woke up in the middle of the night with really bad neck pain . It was because it was pushing my neck too far up while on my side and also on my back . I 'm a physical therapist and could easily figure out it was placing my spine in an unnatural position . If you have a firmer mattress , then this is great for you ! If you are like me and like a soft mattress , then maybe try one that does n't also support the neck region .
 I 'm short -LRB- 5 '' -RRB- and a new side sleeper with pregnancy , so maybe NO pillow would be ideal . It is thin and tightly stuffed -LRB- no give -RRB- so it 's good for keeping the legs apart/hips in line , though a wider pillow at the bottom would be better . The top is just too uncomfortable -- I prefer my own head pillow . So it 's a struggle to use the parts I want and shift away the parts I do n't . If this were a little fatter , with looser stuffing -LRB- with more give -RRB- and fewer curlicues it would be a better pillow .
 I am 5 months pregnant and have not been able to sleep for about 2 months now . I saw this pillow and had next day service hoping this would help . NOT ! I think if there was two i would have better support but not for $ 75.00 each . I would not recommend this pillow . Once you open it you own it it is not covered at all so you are pretty much stuck with it . I strongly suggest if you know some one who has it try it before you waste your money like i did .
 The actual size of the pad is too small to be functional , so I will have to return it . The dimensions of the pad would only fit a newborn . The product photo is misleading .
 We bought this -- and boy what a waste of a few hundred dollors !! The back axcl broke at Disneyland !!!
 I love the look of this stroller , but it is bulky , heavy and hard to fold and unfold , because of this I do n't like using it . I 've used it about 3 times in the last 7 months . The front seat does not recline very much , not good enough for a new born and if the child in the back seat kicks the front it will move the seat , it does not lock good into place . So , besides these things its an ok stroller . oh and when I recieved the stroller one of the front wheels was broken , called for replacement , friendly customer service but I had to fax them my recipt but they sent me 2 wheels , so no complaints will the service.I have recently bought the graco duorider , hopefully it will be before Halloween , cause I 'm not looking forward to using this stroller.I wish I had never bought this . A waste of 160 bucks .
 I bought this stroller 1 year ago this week . If I had to do it all over again I would not have purchased this stroller . Two sets of wheels have broken within the first 4 months of use
 I looked for 6 months for the perfect double stroller . The Graco DuoGlider was nice but did not give me the storage options I wanted and required that several parts be removed in order to close it so it would take up the least amount of space possible . The jeep double was great , except very hard to maneuever . Then I saw this stroller . Easy access baskets , folds compactly without removing trays , large seats , tons of extra pockets and storage for bottles , cell phones , toys , kleenex , you name it . Then me dreams were crushed . First , the tray that holds the drinks NEVER STAYS UP . The end result , beverage spilled all over me and my baby . Next , the front wheels began to squeak something fierce , problem was fixed however , with some WD 40 . Then the fun continued when the left back wheel came off while taking both my children on a neighborhood walk in the park . We were right at the weight limit , so I though it was a fluke . Turns out it was n't . Two weeks later , the the left back wheel fell off while we were at the county fair . Try carrying a 4 month old , 2 year old , diaper bag , etc with a stroller with no back wheel . Am very disappointed with this stroller . Contacted Evenflo today , very unhelpful . If I do n't get a response I will turn this into Attorney General . Be careful not to place any hot beverages , such as coffee in the drink tray , should you happen to waste your money on this stroller . Should have went with the Graco Duoglider .
 I agree with the previous reviewer who stated if negative stars were an option ... They would 've been given.First , I also experianced the wheels falling off of this stroller . Babies R Us gave me new wheels twice , and I STILL had this problem.My second gripe though is far worse ... My son actually CHOKED on the snap cover that is located on the back seat . When checking it out ... the same one on the opposite side just popped off in my hand ! We had only had the stroller for 2 months and had only used it about 4-5 times ! When I contacted Evenflo about the snap cover incident and also mentioned the wheels they seemed uninterested . I called back THREE TIMES before someone took me seriously ... and it was only AFTER I mentioned calling the Consumer Product Safety Commission that they even decided to look into the matter.But it did n't stop there ... When I mentioned that I was no longer able to get my money back from BRU , and I was seeking a refund from the company ... The first woman I spoke to actually said to me `` Well , were you using the stroller OUTside ??? Because it is mainly intended for INDOOR use . '' I could n't stop laughing at that one ! INDOOR use ? How many of us actually stroll our kids around the living room ?! Anyhow , finally after 2 weeks of annoying phonecalls on my part , and sending the stroller back to them piece by piece , they are FINALLY saying that they will refund my money . - I 'm not holding my breath . I have reported this stroller to every place I can think to now though ... I hope this stroller gets recalled before someone elses child chokes and ends up seriously injured , or they get hurt by the wheels falling off.I also forgot to mention that I too expeianced the awful excuse for a parent tray !! If the wind blew , the tray fell down!HORRIBLE AWFUL STROLLER - PUT YOUR MONEY TOWARDS SOMETHING ELSE !
 This is a awful stroller ! We have had problems from day one . I have a 19 month old and a 8 month old . The wheels are very loud . They almost seem as if they are going to fall off at anytime . It is very heavy and hard to push and turn . My biggest concern is safety . Put your money into a better stroller !
 I also have had repeat problems with the back wheels falling off - while my infant is in the stroller . I spoke with a friend of mine who also had this problem with an Evenflo stroller.I purchased this because it was fairly light and folded up small , but there is no point to have those features if the wheels do not work . Do n't buy this product .
 What a big pile of junk ! The wheels have come off more than once . Babies R US replaced one of them for us . However my kids dont weigh 30 pounds TOGETHER let alone anywhere near 80 that this says it can accomodate . The tray does not stay up and the basket falls off all the time.STAY AWAY . DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY . I AM RETURNING TO ABBIES R US TODAY TO SEE IF THEY WILL GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK . A WORTHLESS PIECE OF JUNK.I have a 6 month old and 2.5 year old . I hardley used this for fear the wheel would come off with me by myself . My Hubby is not always with us . So I leave it in the garage . Our Nanny uses the single stroller for the little one and has the 2.5 year old walk.I called Evenflo and they told me to send them all the specs from the stroller . You can not read the numbers and letters they require . This has never been left int he rain or outside . Always in the Garage or our trunk.Please save your money and buy something else .
 The stroller shipped with parts missing ! Called today and they ca n't even ship the missing pieces until after the holiday ! They have no system in store for express mail . I paid a lot for this stroller and I expect to be able to use it . Customer service was n't the least bit apologetic . I 'd love to say something wonderful about the stroller but it 's going to be a week and a half before I get the chance to USE it !
 These diapers cost $ 75.99 -LRB- plus $ 6.99 for standard shipping , $ 19.98 for expedited 1-3 business day shipping or % 26.95 for two business day shipping -RRB- yet they do n't tell us how many we get for that price . THAT 'S ABSURD because I must know how much I 'm having to pay for each diaper !! I 've been caring for my terminally ill Mother at home for the past 24 months . She sleeps in a hospital bed in the dining room and I sleep on the sofa in the living room . During the past 2 years I 've been changing her diapers every 2 hours -LRB- 24 hours a day -RRB- . It takes 1 to 1 1/2 hours simply to feed her a single meal.Since hospice stopped after 5 months along with the FREE SUPPLIES they provided -LRB- because , according to her personal physician , I was taking such good care of Mom that she was n't progressively getting worse though diagnosed with FAILURE TO THRIVE -RRB- , it costs me $ 1200 to $ 1500 monthly for critical supplies to keep her alive . That includes , in part , diapers , diaper liners , under pads , rubber gloves , protein enriched Ensure , flexible straws , cranberry juice , dried prunes , trash can liners , increased electric bill to keep the house warmer , a larger waste can for weekly pickup , a huge amount of washing and disinfecting supplies , etc.Buying supplies for Mom comes right after paying the mortgage and I have no choice but to do the math with each purchase I 'm contemplating . HOW CAN I EVEN CONSIDER BUYING THESE DIAPERS WHEN THEY DO N'T TELL ME HOW MANY I GET FOR THE PRICE?NO THANKS . I 'M NOT ** NOT ** NOT INTERESTED !!
 Nowhere in the description of these ` cloth ' diapers does it mention that they are 100 % synthetic . I could n't stand the feel of them on my fingers much less putting these next to my baby 's skin . I like the idea of a one size diaper - but not the idea of nothing but man made fabric . Would n't recommend them for anyone . Am selling the ones I bought .
 I am really disappointed in these diapers . I wish I would not have gone with the velcro , it is already showing signs of ware and the diapers are only a few weeks old . These diapers are also a pain to stuff . It takes forever!Also , the diapers are not absorbant enough for night use because my little one nurses all night long ... and he goes A LOT . There is no way these diapers could ever come close to being enough so we 're still using our Mother-ease one size -LRB- doubled up -RRB- with separate cover for night time.If I could purchase again I would go with the Bum Genius Organic , with snaps . The organic are a bit more pricey but do n't require stuffing . They are plenty absorbant enough for day time use . As far as night goes , I do not believe that any all-in-one diaper could ever have enough absorbability .
 Not sure if we are doing something wrong , however , we have been using disposables for 18 months and decided to try the cloth ones to save money and the environment . Although they fit nicely on our kid , they leaked within the first hour of use . Judging from almost 100 % positive reviews here , I feel very surprised and disappointed . They fell very comfortable thought .
 So as I sit here and look at a pile of diapers that cost a small fortune but no longer get any use I felt compelled to write review so that others can learn from our experience . For our first child we did an exhaustive search for what appeared to be the best cloth diaper . From what we could gather it was the Bum Genius . Then we calculated the expected cost of cloth diapers over a child vs paper diapers . One child 's worth of paper diapers would cost the same as 12 Bum Geniuses . We went out and bought 12 and used them for the first 12 months of our first child 's life . When we first got them they were fantastic . We would have easily written a 5 star review . We were really impressed with them . They looked so comfortable , and we felt so good about putting cloth diapers on our child it was easy to put up with the daycare 's crazy requests because we were using cloth diapers , and the daily rituals of standing around the washing machine stuffing diapers for the next day . We started to run into issues pretty quickly though . We had the issues with the waterproofing giving out , with leaky diapers because if you do n't fit them just right ... , and odors that were difficult/impossible to get rid of.However our number one two and three gripes have to do with the Velcro tab system . First of all , our third gripe , at about 1 month the washing machine tabs became all but useless , initially they were almost useless . You may be thinking that it is not a big deal , but it leads to the some of our other gripes . Most importantly is our second gripe . The Velcro is very destructive to the other clothes in the laundry load even the other diapers if it is not battened down . It acts like sandpaper . Even if we just washed the diapers one at a time the Velcro on one diaper without the benefit of laundry tabs would destroy that diaper . At any rate our original calculations called for one load a day -LRB- for water , electricity , etc. -RRB- . Also when the Velcro is not battened down the hooks tend to catch all manner of detritus which needs to be cleaned out or the Velcro simply does n't work . Our number one gripe is that even with the best care my guess is that the Velcro will give out before you are finished needing the diaper . Ours started falling off the baby at about a year. , and have been essentially useless for the second child even though she has had the benefit of another 10 diapers , mostly of the fuzzy buns variety , which snap -- be gone evil Velcro . When we contacted the company about the Velcro issues they were not really very supportive . They accused us of not washing the diapers with the utmost care , of not having at least 30 per child , and offered to send us new Velcro at a $ 1 a diaper which we needed to sew in . Now 30 diapers at Bum Genius prices would pay for 2.25 children worth of paper diapers , and since I ca n't expect these to last more than one child , they must have some other benefit , right ? They are better for the environment-I do n't think so -- they are totally synthetic -- i.e. made from oil and chemicals . At least the paper diapers are in part made from a renewable resource . Well they must potty train the child faster because the child can feel when they are wet ? Your milage may vary , but we do not have any prodigies in that department at 1.5 years and 3 years.I am giving them one star because no one reads the three two or three star reviews . I would give them two or three stars because they were really cool initially and there was a certain level of superiority with the statement , `` We are using cloth diapers with our children . '' In fact I still like them , as they sit useless in the corner of this very room I am sitting in . I did note , as I wrote this review , that they have redesigned the laundry tabs , and the type of Velcro , for the new 4.0 version -- they must have had a lot of problems with it , huh . It is so nice that they blamed us the end consumer for their failure when we asked them to help us with their product . Really disappointing customer service probably makes them most deserving of one star .
 Loved these at first . We had the 2.0 version and then bought the 3.0 version . I wanted to make sure we had a large enough stash size so I bought 36 in total . Well , within about 6 months of use the velcro on all of them was trashed . We have a front loader and I was using Country Save detergent and followed their directions exactly . I did n't think much about it , but then they started leaking ... EVERY.SINGLE.TIME . I called and was given a list of things to try to strip them and they offered to send velcro tabs for me to replace myself , but as a busy mom of 3 I DO NOT have the time to sew . SO ... I 'm disappointed in their durability overall and after spending time on other diapering forums I see I 'm not the only one . I wish I had read more reviews before purchasing.The positives
 We invested just over $ 200 in a dozen bumGenius 3.0 diapers a couple of weeks ago for my 27 month old son and 11 month old daughter . I loved them at first , but by the end of the very first week , we had the waterproofing completely fail on three of the diapers . While my son was wearing them , and less than an hour after I 'd put them on him , he was absolutely soaked as though he had no diaper on at all . The leaking was n't coming out the sides , but through the fabric cover ! I was shocked with the first one , but by the third one , I was mad . Not only did it upset him -LRB- he actually had pee dripping from his shorts while we stood in line to pay at a grocery store ! -RRB- , but I had to wash bedding and a soaked carseat the two other times . I did contact Cotton Babies , where I purchased them , and they told me I must have used the wrong detergent . I had followed , very strictly , all washing instructions including using a detergent as recommended on their website . What I apparently did n't do right , was buy the Military version of this product ! I wonder how many people have that option available to them ? Anyway , I tried yesterday to restore the waterproofing in the way that Cotton Babies recommended , but then drove to 5 different stores -LRB- including Whole Foods , Henry 's and our local Co-op -RRB- and could not find even one of the other recommended detergents . So now what do I do ? I have $ 200 worth of diapers that I can not use !
 I have used the 3.0 with aplex closures for almost 3 yrs , and two babies . The diaper materials and inserts have held up well overall . However , the aplex is a disappointment . I have replaced it twice - once using the Bum Genius replacements and once using a stronger material from the fabric store . My own replacements worked much better . Additionally , replacing the tabs created holes in the stretch fabric to which they attach . So now that part of the diapers is beginning to fail . For the price I very much expected these diapers to be superior performers . I have added to my stash with much less expensive pocket diapers with snaps and they have performed much better . I would caution anyone who is considering investing in these diapers for use with multiple children .
 I bought these diapers for my daughter to use on her daughter . They did n't fit my granddaughter until she was nearly a month old and she was an average size baby at birth . They are easy to put on the baby and work well once on . They are a huge pain to reassemble after washing . After about one year of use , the velcro quit sticking very well and the diapers were looking very worn . When my granddaughter was a little over a year , she was too large for the diapers despite being well within the advertised size range . I replaced them with a much less expensive alternative-fitted diapers with separate covers , that were just as absorbent , did not require any reassembly prior to use after washing and large enough to fit her until she was potty trained . In summary , bum genius diapers are not worth the money .
 I own 4 of these diapers which I 've been using on my son since he weighed about 11 pounds . He weighs 25 now and they still fit him well . I will not be able to use them on future children until they fit into the largest size setting because the buttons that you use to snap the diaper into a smaller size have all come out of the PUL and retreated into the diaper . I will have to either spend some time fixing all four diapers or just use my FuzziBunz One Size diapers next time . I 'm disappointed given the price per diaper . I will not buy or suggest this brand to anyone . FuzziBunz One Size are in perfect shape still which I 've used as long as the BGs . Also , the velcro closure on the BG diapers are curling and do n't hold very well anymore . Overall , a poorly made diaper that 's priced way beyond what it 's worth .
 This Bumgenius is quite good as there is no leakage except that the velcro stops working in couple of weeks making the diaper useless ; go for Fuzzi bunz instead .
 I had the 3.0 in my wishlist , and when g-ma ordered some for baby , this is what she got . I believe they ARE the 3.0 s , but are probably backstock from before they started putting in the infant sized insert . Why they do n't just say THAT on the description I do n't know . If they want to sell them to get rid of the stock without that extra insert , they could knock a few bucks off them . I usually use them for nighttimes with my baby anyway , so I do n't mind the bulk of the full sized insert.the diaper is great , the way amazon is selling them annoys me enough to knock them all the way down to 2 stars . You can get them direct from this seller for the same price with an extra insert .
 At first I liked the product even though it is a pain to wash and a somewhat gross task . I figured its for the environment . When my daughter was 15 months more than half of the diapers started coming apart with the velcro . I spend over 400 dollars in diapers and they are defective . The company gave me a hard time returning them to be fixed . I had to pay my own shipping and handling for their defective product . I would not recommend these as it has been a huge inconvenience .
 I LOVED these diapers -- AT FIRST . They are very absorbant still . They are way , way less likely to leak or blow out than landfill diapers . However after 7 mos the first one we got does n't fasten very well . The velcro has not held up . Sometimes when we lift my daughter up one side comes undone under her clothes . There is also lots of pilling next to the velcro , even though I always use the laundry tabs . It 's ugly . Also , my tall baby is 9 months and 20 pounds , and we already have the diapers unsnapped to the biggest setting . I thought I was saving a lot of money getting these . especially since I would use them for the next baby , but now I do n't think they will last until potty training . I got a few other brands to try , and so far I like the Happy Heinys One Size because it snaps out into a bigger size . There is n't a flap to keep the insert in the Happy Heinys , but it has n't been a problem.I whole heartedly recommend cloth over landfill diapers . Just buy a few different kinds to try for a while instead of a TON of one kind that everyone likes . Most of the recommendations are from moms who have not been using them for very long .
 We bought this as a last resort for our squirmy 2 month old . We bought the small size , but he was already pretty much too big for it . We bought it because the velcro idea seemed absolutely genius , but you ca n't put it in the dryer or it wo n't stick right . Even when the velcro stuck , somehow Odin was still able to wriggle his way out of it , every night , and start squawking because his arms were stuck over his head . We think he thought it was a game , honestly . They 're also pretty expensive , and if you 're going to wash it , you 're going to have to have at least one more on hand because it can take a while to dry adequately . You 're looking to spend at least $ 20 on something that you have to use JUST RIGHT or it wo n't work.We eventually just stopped bothering with it because it was more trouble than it was worth . Too bad , I had really high hopes for this thing .
 I truly believe the swaddle , but with a real blanket . This was huge on my 7 lb 5oz son . It was way too loose fitting for the swaddle to work . Save 10 bucks and get a receiving blanket .
 My infant daughter got her arms free in about 60 seconds . It is not a well designed blanket .
 This was a gift for my new grandbaby . I had to wash it before giving it to her because it had a funny odor . It did n't wash up very soft either . I still prefer a good soft flannel blanket for swaddling . When buying it , I was not aware of the Made in China factor , but it was a learning experience .
 On the second night we used this blanket for our 4 month old , she wiggled out of it and we found her in the crib at 1 am with it around her neck . She was n't choking at the time , but it could have potentially gotten very tight and hung her . I am so glad that she was whimpering trying to get loose and woke us up . Think twice before you buy this !
 I have 6 kids and I only bought this for the sixth . We only used it once and he hated it . It was too big and the velcro was LOUD and awkward .
 I bought this blanket when my son was 2 weeks old . He weighed about 8 and a half pounds at the time . It was way too big , and there was no way to get it tight enough to provide a snug , swaddled effect . I ended up buying this cool thing from etsy.com called a Swaddle Sleeve . It worked like magic and kept him swaddled for as long as he needed to sleep.I just pulled this blanket back out to try it again -LRB- my son is 15 weeks old now -RRB- . It is still way too loose , and he is n't a particularly small baby . He probably weighs about 13 pounds now . He wiggled out of it in less than a minute .
 It 's a very cute blanket -LRB- especially the teddy bear velcro tabs ! -RRB- , but as another reviewer has stated , it shrinks in the wash . My big 9-lb boy used it maybe two or three times before he did n't fit in it anymore . I finally put him in the large SwaddleMe today and he fits just fine -LRB- 11 lbs , 23 inches long -RRB- .
 This is a great product for a few weeks , then the velcro gets really weak and your child will be busting out ! I go in to find my son with both arms out and one leg out . No matter how tight I make the blanket , the velcro comes apart . I encourage you to buy their other SwaddleMe blanket with the larger velcro flap .
 I got a fleece version as a shower gift , and found it to be wonderful -- my daughter , now 5 weeks , sleeps best in it.I bought the flannel one thinking it would be good for naps when the room is a little warmer already . However , after washing it twice -LRB- and following the washing instructions -RRB- , it is now an inch and a half smaller than the microfleece ones . My daughter is on the large side -LRB- she was 9 lbs at birth -RRB- , and 1 1/2 inches does n't seem like that much of a difference , but she ca n't wear the flannel one anymore . The velcro just barely does n't reach.Love the fleece ones , very disappointed in this one .
 This particular swaddler is made of a thinner sheet material . It is smaller than the fleece swaddlers even though they are both `` smalls . '' It would be good if your Newborn is born in summer months when its warmer and you do n't need fleece , but my daughter was born in the middle of a very cold winter and we did n't use this one hardly at all .
 I found this exact same product for $ 7.99 today at Walgreens . This is a sale price , however , even regular price is less than this . I feel some/many of the mega diaper packs on amazon are a good deal , but not this one .
 The title says it all . I never had a trouble with # 1 leaking , but almost everytime my breastfed son has a BM -LRB- which are usually somewhat loose -RRB- , it leaks out the back or leg area . Perhaps it happens because the waistband is n't stretchy . I 'm not going to buy these diapers again .
 I used the battery pack that comes with my newly bought pump in style in a long drive from Pittsburgh to Philadelphia . It worked fine while we were heading to Philadelphia . However , when we were going back to Pittsburgh , the pump became slower and started losing suction power . I pumped 4 times in total on the road , and it 's only 2-hour pumping time . The suction power went so low that I have to use manual pump to ease the pain . I wish I had bought more batteries . My husband bought this vehicle lighter adapterNeneSupply 9V Auto Adapter/Vehicle Lighter adapter for 9V Medela Pump-in-Style Breastpump . It worked great . I just plug in the adapter in the vehicle lighter , and start pumping . I can not tell the difference between using this adapter and plugging the pump into the wall . The power cord is very long , and I can pump at the back passenger seat to take care of my son . I am glad that do n't need to gamble on batteries anymore !
 It did n't work ... even with brand new batteries ! Was really dissappointed but did n't have time to complain because of how much time my newborn takes .
 I wanted a 12 volt battery pack so it would be more powerful . This is only a 9 volt battery pack . I wish I knew .
 Maybe mine was defective , but I used 8 batteries and it died halfway through one sitting . I bought a vehicle adapter and a manual pump and I 've used those instead . Pumping in the car is not my preferred option , but it will do .
 all the negative point the other review mentioned are true !! I bought this thinking I was getting a great deal on a stroller I plan to use for about one year . However -- day one flat back tire . Day 3 other back tire flat -- seems to be a tube design flaw . One month in my front wheel collapses -- the stroller rolls over my baby girl -- she walked away with out a scratch -- but I 'm not sure how but the grace of God . Customer Service never answered and I do n't think they would have ever gotten back to me except the fact that I bought if from a pretty well know website -LRB- that would not take it back themselves suggesting to me there has been trouble with the model -RRB- and Tike Tech is crediting my money back .
 I also bought this stroller fully excited to hit the pavement hard shortly after my son was old enough to stabilize his neck on his own . I did a lot of research prior to purchasing and had used some other products in the past and knew from them what I did not want in a jogger . The product description makes this jogger seem like a dream come true and it would be if it were made better . I love the ease of rolling when you walk very slowly and the adjustable handlebar is great . The tire size is great for trail or pavement running . I was drawn in by the weight limit too , it can be used for older children as well as small . I like all the pockets . I also like the seat , it is big and comfortable , my son loves to prop his feet up on the front bar of the stroller and chill while Mommy works out . The canopy should provide a bit more shade . The straps are hard to adjust and you really need a lot of patience to do that . The front wheel has been my nemesis . It is hard to make the swivel tire fold flat for trunk storage . I used it 2-3 times a week for 1 month when the front wheel started to chatter uncontrollably . I was so disturbed by it I had to stop running with him . Not only does it prevent you from running it is loud as all get out . I still use it to take him for walks , but running is out of the question . The tires are hard to pump up as well , not sure what is up with that . I wish , I wish , I wish that this thing was what I needed it to be .
 I have this stroller of two years already . There is only one good thing I can tell about this stroller ; it is easy to push even there is a heavy child in it and it is full with groceries.The bad parts are that first at all the stroller did not come with a pump and regular bike pump did not fit . I had to go to the bike shop to fill up the tires . Even now time to time I have to go to bike shop to inflate the tires.The underneath basket is smallish and difficult to access . You have to unsnap one side of the basket to put in bigger bag.After a half year use the front wheel start to shake when you go for fast walk . And when the front wheel is in fixed position the stroller start to pull to the right side . After fixing this problem couple months later the problem came back.Tips over easily , when my kids is trying to get in it.The seat is adjusted with one strap on each side , which takes time and patience.The buckles for straps are hard to open and close.It is bulky and heavy .
 I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY BABY ... I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND BUYING AT ALL ... DOES NOT FOLD UP ... THE HOOD DOES NOT STAY UP WHAT SO EVER ... WHATS THE POINT OF HAVING A HOOD IF YOU CANT USE IT ??? AND THE THING SUCKS UP YOUR BATTERIES . . I DO RECOMMEND HOW EVER THE MACLAREN SEAT ... WORTH THE MONEY !!
 The cleaning problems with this high chair should eliminate it from your consideration . Some small parts will go in the dishwasher , if you get out your screwdriver and dismantle it . The tray will not fit in the dishwasher , and if you wash it in the sink it will gather water inside it . When you pick it up , the water will come dripping out . The chair itself has all kinds of nooks and crannies that ca n't be cleaned . Taking it outside with a hose , or sticking it in the shower , does n't help
 This chair may look nice and be somewhat comfy for baby , but it needs a lot of improvement to be worth $ 200 . Although the tray comes off somewhat easily , it does not come apart easily , so it is difficult to clean . It is also quite large ... too large for my dishwasher . And it stains and is very pourous.You may as well take off the material cover as when your child starts to eat baby food , it will get soiled . Get the one with the vinyl cover instead.This chair has so many nooks & crannies , that it is impossible to clean . I have actually had to use toothpicks to get the food out of the cracks and it is still gross.The straps are not removable so you can not wash them in a machine . They also twist and are not safe.There are a few good things ... . the seat seems comfortable and supportive , and the bolster between baby 's legs hold him in . It is very sturdy and never falls over.Useless features for us were ; the folding ... we left it out all the time and it is so big folded , it does n't really save space anyway . The recline ... we do not let our child sleep in his high chair so it was useless .
 I hate this chair . It gets so scuzzy that I have to use toothpicks and straight pins to get the gook out of it 's multitude of crevices . The straps are bulky and the harness is poorly designed . The clips on the waist of the straps are difficult to hook & unhook . The cloth cover shrunk . The vinyl underneath the cover is diffucult to remove for cleaning and in order to get the straps off you need a special wrench to undo the bolts . There are very few pros ... The tray removes easily but is too large to maneuver in a regular kitchen sink under a regular faucet for cleaning . It is also very porous and stains.The wheels and locks work well.It has a nice recline feature for smaller children but we used the bouncy seat for feeding until our son could support himself.The plastic piece which is postioned between the child 's legs is a nice safety feature , especially when you chuck the straps.It seems comfy and roomy if you remove the straps or just connect the straps at the waist .
 I selected this chair for my son and would have been better off purchasing something from a yard sale ! My boy is four and could still use this chair in it 's lower position as a youth chair except that the plastic frame is cracked and broken and the vinyl seat is worn so badly that I am embarrassed to have it in the kitchen . My son was never rough on the chair , in fact , he has been in day care and really only used it on evenings and weekends . Of course I could purchase new parts , but I think that something of this nature , and in this price range , should last at least thru one child ! After waiting forever for the customer service representative when I called , I was told that there was nothing they were willing to do . My advice ... buy something else !
 I got this high chair as a gift and I hate it ! It 's very hard to get the cushion off to clean . The first time I did this , the snap broke and now food can get down between the cushion and the plastic . It has way too many little crevices for food to get down ! There are far better high chairs for much less money !
 I was given a Prima Pappa chair second-hand by a friend and when I received it it needed a good clean . To get it completely clean it took ONE AND A HALF HOURS ! Not to mention the fact that I needed a screwdriver and a toothbrush to do it.This chair is completely over-engineered . As the mom of a now-12-month-old my recommendation is to buy the simplest chair you can find - you 'll be just as happy as if you 'd bought this chair and spend a lot less time cleaning it . I 've just bought a $ 13 booster seat to replace this chair and am 100 % better-off . It takes 20 seconds to wipe down , leaves more space in the dining area and the floor 's a lot easier to clean with just a regular chair to move.My guess is that a lot of the other reviews were written by people only owning the Peg Perego chair . Yes , it works , but so do a lot of other , much cheaper highchairs - and with few , if any , extra features than the less expensive models .
 We have two of these because we have twins . I wanted the Prima Pappa because I thought Peg Perego equals high quality ... and I always want the best . But this did not meet expectations . This highchair is so hard to keep clean . One of our boys had reflux and used to throw up quite a bit . That 's when you learn how hard it is to remove the cover , clean the straps , and clean within all the little crevices . And then it 's still hard to get that bad smell out of the vinyl cover under the cloth cover.Even though one of the features is a reclining seat , we never reclined . That was a useless feature . When your baby is eating solids , he needs to be sitting upright.The only thing I like about the chairs is that they look nice .
 This highchair is overrated . Buy something more simple , and splurge on something else like a Mountain Buggy stroller -LRB- now THERE is high quality -RRB- . I have listed the problems below -LRB- including a new one that I have n't seen listed before -RRB- :1 . IMPOSSIBLE to keep clean . I actually melted the straps/buckles trying to boil them to get them clean . We once had a trail of ants from our back door to the high chair , because despite my best efforts , so much food remained in the cracks and fabric folds .2 . Harness will not adjust for a small baby , even on the tightest setting . Most kids I know could wiggle out of the straps even at a year old , because they do n't adjust tight enough . My sister caught her one year old in mid-air , as she dove out of the chair , having wiggled out of the straps . Calls to the company yielded the following response
 What that means is amazon still has stock , but if something is wrong , you can not get a replacement.I assume this is a good high chair , but I simply do n't know because we were not able to use it . We got it as a gift in August of 2004 , but did n't open until November , because we had a new baby - that was our fault . True to form , when we did open it there was a problem . The locking mechanism was broken on one side so the baby and the seat would fall to the ground and the main tray would not come off properly.Amazon would n't help as it was past their 30-day limit . I called Peg Perego and they said that this product was already out of their 1 year warranty . If I wanted them to potentially fix this I would have to prove to them that it was bought recently and then they may or may not fix it . I would have to go back and get a credit card statement from my mother-in-law . -LRB- sounds like fun , huh ? -RRB- The only help I have recieved at all was from Babies R Us . Who is working this out.While this may be a great product , I would stear clear of this specific model because there are no replacements out there and the Peg Perego is n't too keen on fixing them .
 I have never written a review on anything in my life but I am so frustrated and unhappy with this highchair , I had to warn others to please save your money . As a mother of 13-month year old twins , I have TWO of these highchairs to clean three times a day . THREE TIMES A DAY , I have the privilege of trying to undo all the food particles caught in numerous straps , crevices , and every other inch of these highchairs . I wish that I had registered for a cheap , plastic , simple highchair that was n't so `` high-maintenance '' . Everytime I clean the highchairs , I end up frustrated and upset . Can you tell we just had dinner ??? Please save your money . Things that are more expensive , are not always better . I 've learned that the hard way .
 Several of my friends told me that I must get the prima poppa because it 's the best . Other friends kept trying to convince me that the best is not always better . I did n't listen and I asked my in-laws to spend a large amount of money on this `` wonderful '' high chair . My in-laws , with 3 other grandchildren at the time , thought that I could get another nice high chair for a lot less money . I insisted that I had to have the `` best '' . This chair has been far from the best.First of all , it is not easy to collapse or assemble . I even asked my friends who loved the chair and they said that they were never able to collapse or assemble their chair either.Also , the tray was a waste for a very long time because when it was on , you could only see my son 's eyes . My 8mo . old nephew still can not see over the tray and he 's not a small baby.MY MAIN COMPLAINT IS ABOUT THE WHEELS . They are plastic . My new wood floor is RUINED because of all the scratches the wheels have made . I am currently trying to sell my house , but the feedback I have received is that the kitchen floor is all scratched up , thanks to this `` wonderful '' chair . -LRB- and no , I do not have any animals in my house that could also scratch the floor -RRB- Also , because of this problem with the wheels , I now have to pick up the chair and carry it , which is not very convenient .
 This is the WORST high chair I have ever used ! I ended up called Peg Perego with my specific complaints . They are NOT customer service oriented at all ! They did nothing for me except to say that I could return it to TOYS R US . Little did the company know that I had been using it for a full year prior . Anyway , I was able to return the chair for a full refund . My main frustration was that the tray never came close enough to my daughter . So , food would drop in between causing a major added clean-up ! Us Moms are busy enough and we do n't have time to waste . Suffix it to say , the company suggested using a pillow behind my daughter which they thought would make her closer . Well , I tried and yet another item to clean . Forget it . DO NOT BUY THIS CHAIR !!! Save your money and add it to your child 's college fund instead of wasting it on this stupid chair . Get a basic , high chair !
 Very unimpressed with the quality of this chair . I just spent how much ?? For cheap plastic ?? I would recommend baby trend highchairs , cheaper and way better quality . This one is going back .
 We liked the spoon until the moisture affected the batteries , causing it to malfunction .
 After reading the other reviews on this tractor I ca n't understand why the one that we purchased for our grandson is unsafe . The trailor will not stay hooked to the tractor . One of my grandsons friends hit his head when the trailor came unhooked and tipped over . Wonder if we got a defective products or what .
 I got it to put my Graco Snug Rider car seat on it . Despite of the fact that I carefully followed the directions , it never worked . One of the pieces , supposed to snap in place , never did . I called Baby Trend customer service three times , and three different representatives I spoke to were unprofessional , discourteous and completely uninformed about the product features . I returned the stroller to Amazon -LRB- very easy process -RRB- , and fortunately my refund was processed in a prompt way.Since I returned it , I have checked out several of these strollers with babies on board , and none of them held the car seats properly ! I got the Graco Snug Rider carrier , which is a breeze to assemble and feels very solid . What a difference $ 10 more can make !
 It 's funny to read the other reviews and that the swing slows down . Our experience has been just the opposite - that the swing has 2 speeds
 I bought this for my son when he was about a month old . When he reached about 15 pounds , the swing kept stopping swinging ... I returned twice andboth replacements had the same problem . I used it anyway , even though it would often stop swinging , and when my son was old enough to move his head and lean over , his head banged on the metal railing holding the swing . I called Fisher Price and I am shocked to see that they have not recalled this product , it is downright dangerous !
 In the product description , I do n't see what baby age this swing is appropriate for . How much weight does it support ? How tall can the baby be to fit ? One star .
 We were so excited to find a swing that actually plugs in so that we could save a lot of money not buying batteries . It was super cute , and my son LOVED swinging in it . However , the first disappointment was that even though there were supposed to be 6 different speeds , there was very little difference in each one . I have read the reviews that some found the high speed way too fast , but we found that even on high , the swing did n't move that much . The second disappointment was that after only a couple of months , the swing just stopped altogether . Fisher Price sent us 2 different motors -LRB- all free of charge -- kudos to their customer service -RRB- , but we had the same problem every time . The swing would just get slower and slower until it would completely stop . At this point , my son weighed 14 pounds , and it seemed that he was just too heavy for the swing to move him . However , the weight limit on the swing said 25 pounds , so it should have worked just fine . We ended up sending the swing back to Fisher Price and they sent us a full refund . I hope they can improve on these flaws by the time we have our next baby , because a plug-in swing is such an ideal invention .
 i bought this because it was a good price on amazon and also because it uses an adaptor and i wanted to save on batteries . plus it is supposed to be used with babies up to 30 pounds . the fact that it had a plug was number one . well i am disapointed because it has six speeds and it hardly moves . it swings back and forth very little and somewhat fast rather than like a wonderful battery powered swing i had years ago that had six speeds and and you could see the difference in each speed , even with heavier babies . its like it swung slower but higher like a real swing . this swing has no power in the swing , its a weak little back and forth like motion ... six speeds ? what a joke.and it doesnt recline enough for a newborn or young baby . also the colors of the little animals hanging overhead is quite boring . however looking at a lot of the swings ... most of them have very little strength in the swing . meaning its just a little sad back and forth movement that is on the fast side ... not a slow controlled back forth movement with a good sized distace from back and forth position.big disapointment . they need to work on this one and then they will have a winner .
 I bought this becuase it seemed to be everything I wanted . Great price , multi-speed , the ability to plug into an outlet . Unfortunately , its ability to swing began degrading after the first week , and now barely moves -LRB- its been in use periodically for a about 1 month -RRB- . I will say it did put her to sleep pretty well , but her head would flop over -LRB- I also didnt realize it reclined until reading these reviews ... which is not the swings fault -RRB- . Anyway , I 'm returning the swing to Target fior a refund since it no longer swings . May look into a graco or the FisherPrice 3 stage swing .
 This swing is such a great idea , but unfortunately it really is not well built . The design is well conceived , but the craftsmanship is shoddy . I first noticed as I assembled it that the plastic used to build it was flimsy and cheap . After only 4 days of use on the lowest speeds -LRB- I have a preemie , so he really does n't require that much out of the motor -RRB- the swing literally stopped working on any of the six settings . After reading other reviews of fisher price swings , I would not recommend this manufacturer to any one ; it appears that they simply do n't make quality products , however creative their ideas .
 I ordered this item on April 30 and there is no indication what so ever as to when I will get this item along with the rest of the collection I purchased . So far all I have received is the bumper for the crib . It is an adorable set but I am really disappointed that my baby will most likely be here before I receive any other items for this collection ! Target should really indicate that items are on back order when they are and not indicate that items will ship within 1-2 days . Very disappointing and not high on the customer-friendly service I am so used to with them .
 Has anyone out there ever received , or found at a store , this rug with a blue border ? If so please email me at FAnneHein@aol.com Unfortunately , I too received one with the burnt orange border and find it awful ! This body of the rug is adorable , but the orange border detracts from the animals and the other nursery items . Frustrating is that when I contacted Target.com they assured me that they would send a replacement which would be correct , but it was not . They now tell me that they will look into the discrepency of what is pictured and what is being shipped , but that is all they can do . I think they need to update the picture or if both are available at some point , give customers the option of choosing the color they prefer . The rest of the Safari collection is wonderful , though tough to locate the accessories . If you have some of the small items for this collection , I 'm interested ! Email me !
 This rug has a rust orange border - not blue . Also - the orange does not match the soft pastel orange that is in the other accessories in this collection . What a shame . It does n't go at all .
 Buyer beware ! The rug that is pictured is not what will arrive . I received my rug yesterday and the border is not blue as described , it is burnt orange and does n't really look right next to all the other bedding . I was disapointed with the quality as well . I am returning the whole safari collection and picking a new nursery theme .
 I was a bit disappointed when I received the rug . It was n't as soft as the picture on-line . It seemed more appropriate to hang on the wall rather than to have the baby playing on . I do like the other Safari items though .
 I really thought these were the cutest bumper pads , but after hearing over and over again how you should n't use bumper pads because of risk of suffication , I decided it would n't be worth the risk to put them on the crib . I do n't think there are enough ties on them to hold them securely for one , and even if there were I would n't be comfortable with the thought of my daughter getting her head caught up under them . She has been able to scoot across her crib since she was a newborn so there was never an ideal time to use these . Again , cute for the nursery set up pre-baby , but I would n't use afterwards .
 The bumper was very cute and colorful and I was excited to put it on the baby 's crib ... until I put it on ... no matter how I tried to fit it onto the crib -LRB- it is a white spindle Jenny Lind crib full-size -RRB- it fit very akwardly and never quite right . There were large spaces where it should have fit snugly around the inside of the crib . I was very disappointed since it is very colorful and matches the sheet and comforter we received as gifts .
 After waiting about 4 weeks -LRB- my order was kept put on backorder -RRB- , I cancelled the order .
 I received this crib sheet today and am returning it tomorrow . Although the tag reads `` 100 % cotton , '' it is most certainly not the soft , 100 % jersey cotton advertised . The print is cute , but I was looking for something a little softer and warmer now that the snow is falling . I gave this item 1 star because of the false advertising , but if one is looking for a nice , regular cotton crib sheet , this would probably be okay .
 After research for long time here a decided to go with this one . I was just afraid because in the description they do n't say the Model of this stroller . The delivery was just in time and I was so excited put everything together and jogging with my little one . Then I notice that the model that Amazon is selling is an old model not the new one . I used to buy many products here but this time I 'm so mad and disappointed ...
 So I love the ease in which the stroller moves , but there is a serious safety flaw ! The breaks do not work ! I found this out on a hill , which was no fun . We ordered this stroller last week and it arrived timely , we put it together -LRB- with horrid instructions -RRB- and realized there was no break bar . There were only two break pads -LRB- one on each wheel -RRB- . However , the break pads have holes in them where there should be a bar . We figured that they must have left this out of our package . As they were closed over the weekend , we took it out for a spin . I pushed the right break pad and it looked as if it locked . Before I could get my foot to the other side , the stroller started rolling down the hill with my five-month old daughter in it!I called InSTEP as soon as they opened and informed them of this missing part . They informed me that this is a design change and they did away with the bar . WHAT ??? This is a safety change , not a design change . They are clearly cutting corners here , to the detriment of the safety of our wee ones ! They did n't change the break pads -LRB- as they still have the holes -RRB- to use them without the bar , they just stopped providing a bar.There is even a strap that should be attached to the missing bar . Jan at InSTEP said they stopped including them two years ago and she does n't know why.STOP CUTTING CORNERS TO PAD YOUR WALLETS INSTEP AT THE COST OF SAFETY !!!
 At first I was very happy with this stroller . I love the big wheels , the front one which swivels . The cup holders are convenient for both parent and baby . And the adjustable handle is awesome because I 'm short and I can push the stroller at a comfortable height . Also it maneuvers very easily up and down curbs , steers easily even with one hand everywhere from the mall , museum , park , or on city streets.One of the biggest drawbacks for me has been the reclining seat back . There is a drawstring that you must adjust . This requires two hands and can be difficult at times if the child is fussy or uncooperative . Despite this , I still loved the stroller until recently.However , after only two months of use , my stroller will not lock . It has actually folded up on my son while pushing it . I now can not even seem to lock it into the open position for use . I have not found any levers to snap in place to hold it open . And because the stroller folds outward , not inwards like an umbrella stroller , it actually pulls the childs body backwards when the locks give out . This is very dangerous . I am contacting the manufacturer about this defect .
 I believe this product is unsafe to use . After using regularly for one week , the front nut that holds the front wheel becomes loose , giving the stroller a speed wobble that will turn the stroller onto its side . I have called InStep , which informed me that you should tighten the bolt before using -LRB- DOES NOT STATE IN THE DIRECTIONS -RRB- . I did tighten the bolt only for it to become loose during a run again and create speed wobbles . I have returned the product to Sports Authority on three separate occasions with the same outcome . This is HIGHLY dangerous . I currently have a call to their customer service manager for hopefully a better response . I believe this product should be taken off the market ASAP .
 I got this stroller about a month ago . It worked fine for 2 days and that is it . After that I was walking around the track and the front wheel kept wobbling so crazy that other joggers and walkers stopped to help me see what was wrong with it . The wheel nearly fell off ! I took sent it back asap and bought a baby trend expedition LX at target for even cheaper than this one and it is much sturdier and I do n't fear that my baby will be harmed from the front wheel falling off !
 We ordered this from Walmart so I do n't think it matters where it comes from . My husband put it together and I used it the very next day . I hated it.Where do I start?At first I thought I could overlook the cup holder issue as it ONLY fits a small water bottle ! It 's not deep either . I even have a slim travel coffee mug and that did n't fit . So then I started noticing all the things I did n't like and this just did it for me . The bottom cargo area is held on by a button snap which was defective . Has to go back no matter what . Not sure how they 'd replace it.Then I noticed the paint was chipping on the front side so over time it will look worse even possibly become rusted . Just not a good paint job . There 's no cover for your keys/phone on top like my snap n go . I know there 's a pocket but I like them right on top . Then there 's only one cup holder for the child . My sister pointed out to me that it does n't fit a sippy cup or even her daughter 's bottle -LRB- Avent -RRB- . The holder is just as narrow as it is up top.Now what 's even worse is that I 'm not a jogger by any means just a walker and the front wheel kept going crazy/knocking like and the stroller would shake . I know it was on right , I even switched the wheel thinking it had to be facing a certain way when installing it and that did n't work . Then I thought maybe it was weight dependent as my son is barely 11 pounds and that a bit of weight might straighten it out . NO ! I put my 17 pound niece in it and it still did it . Not sure what a runner would do.Oh and it 's pretty wide for a stroller . As I compared it to my sisters Baby Trend jogger.So , needless to say I did n't like it and it was my second jogging stroller tested . That night we looked on Craigslist and bought a barely used BOB stroller the next day . I LOVE IT . It 's so agile and light . It 's great . I can see why they 're so expensive . We saved so much this way nearly 50 % after the included accessories.I tested out my sisters `` Baby Trend jogging stroller '' and I was going to get this . It has some great features to it.Perhaps if BOB and BABY Trend combined teams they 'd make a decent stroller - good mechanisms and those much needed features like a cup holder/car seat adapter that is included and fits most.Why ca n't a stroller company test things out on actual users . Buy a few popular strollers . Allow people to test them . Write down the best features and make one combining all the great features . Manufacturing 101 ! best of luck in choosing and hope this helps .
 I liked the size and the retractable gate feature appealed to me greatly ; however , after about a year the spring mechanism gave way - so now it is of no use . I used it only occassionally when my grandchildren were visiting . In order to pass through it must be retracted , which makes a terrible noise , waking babies and scaring them . I was the only one that could operate it , even after we had written directions on it .
 First of all this is not a cheap gate . In addition to the price I had to buy a wall instillation kit and a banister installation kit . It took my husband and father-in-law more than an hour to install this properly . They are both very competent people.I am using this not only to guard my child from falls , but to keep our top floor separate and keep the cat out of the bedroom . It is very noisy . It makes a loud clicking noise when you open it and it reels the mesh gate onto the roll . This wakes my baby even though his door is closed and he is sleeping with a white noise machine . It is that loud.It is impossible to operate one handed . The handle is high so you may get the top part hooked on but not the bottom part . At that point you have stopped pulling so the gate has locked in position . You have to unhook it , use the unlocking mechanism and try again . And the banister side hooks wiggle around -LRB- no matter how much we tighten the screws -RRB- so it is hard to get it hooked on.This was very expensive and we are so unhappy with it . But we are unlikely to return it due to the time and effort it took to install , not to mention the rather sizable holes it would leave in my freshly painted walls.I would not recommend this to a friend .
 I am at a loss for how carriers like the Bjorns get such great reviews - If you do your research on baby wearing , you will quickly learn that one of the number one things to know when baby wearing is that you should always make sure your baby 's legs are in a `` frog leg '' position , meaning their legs are supported close to their inner knees so their knees are in line with their hips . Please do your research , perhaps google `` baby wearing safety '' before you purchase any carrier - it is important for you and for your baby.I will also say , this was our first baby carrier , and my husband and I found it to be very very uncomfortable , especially in comparison to our moby wrap . Because he does n't like the `` fuss '' -LRB- it is second nature to me now - like tying a shoe -RRB- of tying up the moby , we bought an `` ONYA '' Baby carrier - it is newer to the market , but WAY more comfortable than any of the baby bjorns we have tried .
 My son currently wants nothing more than to be attached to my body for hours on end , and our navy Bjorn was getting covered in spit up and was just far too hot in the summer heat . I ordered the yellow thinking it was a nice summer shade and the mesh would be a little cooler for the baby and me . As it turns out , the yellow was bright -LRB- read
 I bought this and it was perfect for the summer weather and fit comfortably , easy to put on and take off . But do n't try to breastfeed or wear it during take off or landing in an airplane unless you take it off completely !!! There is a sharp pointy piece centered on the color coded part of the straps . Run your finger underneathe . That part cut my baby 's head and made it bleed during take off , after the flight attendant informed me that flight regulations state that you CAN NOT restrain your lap infant during take off or landing . I was not informed of this a month prior when I flew a different airline . So I unlatched the carrier and just let it hang down while I held my infant in my arms . All of a sudden my baby started screaming continuously . I assumed it was from pressure in his ears but he had flown before and did n't cry once . After frustration and tears from him and I both , I took off the carrier completely , stood up and faced him away from me , that was when I discovered the cut with blood . I panicked and immediately started feeling around the seat , my shirt , and anything else that could have possibly cut him . Then I ran my fingers along the part of the carrier that was right at the level of his head when he was screaming and that 's when I noticed . They should have a RECALL on this model . Got asked if I wanted another model or refund from the company but not before I bought a different brand .
 I bought this one for someone else because I love my ` active ' bjorn . I ended up returning this one , because without the back support it is just not worth it . If $ $ is an issue , you are better of with spending a few more bucks on ` active ' , if you do not want to spend double on ` synergy '
 The look and feel of this Baby Bjorn is great but I wish the design was similar to the other carriers . After just walking with my son for ten minutes , I can feel the strain . It says it can hold 25 lbs but the back definitely could n't handle that much weight .
 Do n't be fooled into thinking that this carrier is the best by the sheer number of them out there . We were given one by our parents when our son was born and it was fine for the first few months . However , as soon as he hit 15 lbs the shoulder pain became unbearable when wearing him for more than 5 minutes . We did an incredible amount of research and switched to an Ellaroo Mei Hip -LRB- also available on Amazon -RRB- and have never looked back . They are incredibly comfortable and shift the weight to the hip instead of the soft part of the shoulder . -LRB- Our friend has the Ellaroo Mei Tai carrier for her newborn and loves that too . -RRB- Ellaroo Mei Hip Baby Carrier - BlackAgain , this is n't a bad carrier , it just is n't that functional after the first few months . Its also padded in such a way that it is difficult to fold it up small enough to carry in the diaper bag and still have room for other stuff .
 I had a snugli baby carrier , which killed my back , so I wanted to get a carrier that would be easier on my back . I guess I was wrong in thinking that a way more expensive carrier would be better . This carrier is just as awful on the back , and not any better than a $ 20 baby carrier in my opinion . It was also kind of confusing trying to figure out how to get all the straps adjusted just right . The only pro is the mesh fabric . Other than that , I was very disappointed in this product .
 We bought it but quickly returned it mostly due to the inability of it becoming a backpack . Bought the ErgoBaby Sport instead .
 i hate the bbj for several reasons & i look forward to the day when scientific evidence of the damage it does will be enough to pull it off the market .1 -RRB- the seat is too narrow , putting all of baby 's weight onto the crotch , contributing to spinal compression . it is especially damaging to boys as the weight rests entirely on his testicals .2 -RRB- the legs are left to dangle stright down -LRB- see above -RRB- , which does not promote proper hip development . in indigenous cultures the baby is worn with his legs spread or froggy-style , with belly contact against the wearer 's body . this position allows the hip balls to properly connect to the socket . this also allows for baby 's weight to be distributed across the entire bottom & thighs . can you imagine straddling a bicycle seat all day & not being able to touch your feet to take the weight off your crotch ? 3 -RRB- facing out for extended periods is not healthy for little ones . the world is big & too much stimulus can quickly overwhelm a baby , who is unable to turn away & bury his face in your chest . it is also vital for a bby to be able to see your face & gauge your reactions to people & events . they learn how to interact with the world by watching you , but if they are thrust out in front of you like a ship 's head , this is impossible.invest in a mei tai or other similar carrier , NOT the bjorn .
 One of THE WORST carriers on the market . It hurts me , hurts my baby . After reading about the pressure and damage that is put on her spine I wish I could burn every bjorn/crotch dangler ever . So , so , so bad . A waste of money and a painful time . So glad we threw this away .
 Over the course of three children we have had FIVE carriers
 Love this for newborns . Super lightweight and easy to put on . Baby fits well and comfortably inside when facing in . But , once baby starts facing out , this carrier put lots of stress on my neck , back and shoulders . My baby gets excited and leans forward and kicks , adding even more to the stress . I 'm in the market for finding a new carrier because even though my baby 's only 14 pounds , she 's already too heavy to carry facing out . For the amount of money you spend on a new one , I 'd recommend finding something else .
 This would be a good seat for 30-50 dollars cheaper . The problem is that 's it 's overpriced . I would like to see Dorel price this seat around $ 80 , at which point I believe they would actually start selling these again . You can buy a Graco Nautilus for the LESS than this costs on Amazon currently . It will last most children longer and is a much nicer seat . No need for headrests , and it is made by a company that has a history of much more ethical practices than Dorel.The only situation I could imagine this being a good choice is if a child was obese , their parents could not afford a Britax Regent , and the car had headrests or high seat backs . I would only do so in that situation because it would be highly possible that the child would not fit into a Nautilus . Otherwise it 's a waste of money .
 I 've had this seat for about a year and half and I 'm on the search for new ones . I moved my twins to these seats as soon as they met the size requirements . The crotch strap has 3 adjustment levels and at 22 lbs my one year olds already had to use the middle placement and the second highest shoulder placement . Now they are 2 1/2 and are already at the highest adjustment level . They definitely are n't old enough or big enough for the seat belt harness . So now what!The harness is also impossible to tighten . I 'm small but I 've been hauling around 30 lb twins and double strollers so I 'm no weakling . Everytime I strap my kids in I have to climb in my van and put my knee in the seat and pull as hard as I can to tighten the harness and its still never tight enough for my satisafction . Plus the nylon straps are fraying which does n't help when you are taking it apart and putting it back together after washing.Needless to say I am very unhappy with these seats . I was really hoping they would be my last car seat purchase but I 'm on the hunt again .
 There is a big safety concern with this seat put out by the company Safety 1st . There is a metal piece on the back of the seat that the two shoulder harnesses slip over to secure in the back . This same metal bracket holds the strap to the bottom that you pull to tighten things . When you loosen it the straps get so loose that shoulder harness can slip off the bracket . You must remove the entire seat each time in order to fix the shoulder strap . This is not only a huge annoyance but not safe since they would prefer the fire department to put in your seat each time . I ca n't do that each time it falls off and I have to do it myself . I have called the company and they are sending a new seat in order to examine mine . It just ca n't be safe that it is that easy to have the shoulder strap come off like that.The other small complaint is that the seat bottom cushion is a light blue and it shoes dirt horribly . Also , the bottom plastic supports poke very bad into the leather seat . Much worse then the Triumph we had prior or the booster seat . I am worried it wo n't every look right again .
 First let me state that overall this is a good choice if you want a 5 point harness with higher weight limits.If that isnt what you are looking for , go elsewhere . I am the father of a 4.5 year old boy and 18 month old twins , so I have a little expertise in installing car seats in multiple cars.We 've typically bought Britax but I did n't want to spend that kind of money for 2 Britax 's and I wanted the 5 point harness.The quality of this seat does n't compare to Britax , not by a long shot . The britax 's are heavier and sturdier.The install is such a hassle on this . The tether strap tightening system is not easy at all and I can not get a really tight tether on this seat in my Honda Odyssey.The latch system is impossible to use , as the only way to get the belt to tighten is to pull the strap in the path and direction of the lap seat belt , which is obstructed by the seat . The Britax seats only require you to pull up , and in this case , its straight up while applying some pressure with your knee to the seat.I have resorted to using a mighty tite and the seatbelt but I for the life of me can not get a tight fit.I also noticed that the portion of the seat that comes in contact with the carseat is made of flexible and thin plastic . This is where the downward forces are exerted on the seat , and as you tighten the car seat to the vehicle 's seat it causes this plastic to bow outward . I have contacted Dorel about this and they are replacing the seat , but only AFTER I have returned my original seat . Am I supposed to lap my child in the meantime?If you never plan on removing the seat or switching vehicles , get the tightest fit you can -LRB- and hope you dont bend the underside supports -RRB- and leave it.The whole crotch strap not being long enough is true ! I ordered my replacement and got it , but I understand there 's a considerable backorder on this item.Avoid this seat for its flaws . You 'll need a PHD and a year 's personal trainer to get a tight fit .
 I really like Little Twig products - they are natural products made in the USA . I needed to have a baby gift shipped quickly and came across this listing . The photo shows 3 products -LRB- baby wash , lotion and powder -RRB- , a cute washcloth and a sponge in a nicely wrapped bag . The actual product is a box full of 3 bubble baths and nothing else ! They were n't even baby body washes , but all bubble baths - which I would not recommend using on a baby - maybe a toddler or a child .
 Not a big fan of this seat . It only harnesses to 40 pounds , which many kids will hit before the age of 4 -LRB- which is the absolute minimum age recommended for a booster seat - many kids are n't mature enough for a booster until age 5 or 6 -RRB- . So , if your kid outgrows the harness before being ready for a booster , then you 're stuck buying another seat to harness longer . It is also difficult to install . Plus , it does n't make a very good booster either -LRB- often holds the belt too far from the child -RRB- . The only good feature is that it can rear-face until 35 pounds .
 First let me say that I work with children , so I do know something about fitting car seats . We wanted to get our newborn a really nice car seat and , since I like Eddie Bauer stuff this seemed great . I also really like the idea that it can stay rear facing for so long and is the only car seat that one ever needs , or so I thought . I still really hope that it will work when he is older and can face forward.Cons -LRB- fitting in car -RRB-
 Let me start this by saying my husband is a police officer and a nationally certified safety seat technician.We have a similar seat for our 2 1/2 year old , so we figured we 'd just get this one and be good to go . While we noticed it had more padding , we did n't think it would be a problem . Boy were we wrong ! As the other reviewer said , there is so much padding , it does n't provide for a comfortable seating arrangment for the baby . He is pushed so far forward that he ca n't sit nicely . In addition , the seat had to be jacked up with pool noodles to even be at the right level ... and we had to push the drivers seat so far forward to have it at the right angle . We ended up bringing this seat back and opting for the one with less padding ... it works much better !
 I bought this car seat at Burlington because it looked so comfy . My son HATES riding in car seats , so I thought this would remedy that . Well , eyes can be very deceiving ... it was so uncomfortable for him . The cushion is too thick and pushes the baby up too far in the car seat . The clip between the legs is short -LRB- made worse by all the cushion -RRB- , so the buckles were poking into my baby 's legs . Also , the belts that go around the legs are too tight . I read the reviews before I bought this , but I bought it anyway thinking I 'd try it for myself because it might work for me . Do n't make the same mistake I did . I took it back after my baby riding in it 3 times .
 We have a rather tall five month old -LRB- he is 28 '' and can sit up by himself -RRB- and this seat was meant to be a back up for his grandparents ' car . After trying it for two and half weeks , i can safely say i would not buy this seat again . - It is difficult to install ; without the LATCH system , the seat belt needs to be threaded under the seat cover . - It 's very big and takes up a disproportionate amount of space when installed rear-facing in the back seat of my inlaws ' 1998 Toyota Camry . There 's not much room left on either side for a full-grown adult . - The straps twist extremely easily and i 'm constantly smoothing them out to strap my baby in , and am never sure if i got all the kinks . - The plastic latch for the five point harness feels cheap and light and has only a small , rather difficult button for release . I 'm always struggling with it . - Perhaps worst of all , the seat does not recline enough for the child to be comfortable and there is absolutely insufficient support for an infant 's head . My baby simply can not take a nap while we 're driving without his head lolling forward at a steep angle . - Other reviewers have said there is way too much padding on the seat -- that explanation makes sense to me and would also explain why my son seems so uncomfortable on extended drives . He screamed and screamed today when he wanted to sleep during a long drive -- he just could n't figure out where to place his head.Please save your money and do n't buy this seat , especially for a newborn who can not hold its head up . Use an infant carrier for the first few months and then invest in a Britax . We will be using a Britax for our car at home -- my husband was able to install it easily and there is no way the straps can twist.Maybe this seat will work better for larger kids in a forward-facing position . But for a big name like Eddie Bauer , this seat is a real letdown .
 I do n't know how I ended up buying this car seat but I did . It was a big mistake . The car seat looks wonderful , felt comfortable to my 9 month old son . But let me tell you it was a pain to try and install . As I was looking at it inside the house I though everyone was retarded for not being able to get it in , well shame on me.First I tried to install it rear facing as he is under a year in the center . No good , my center belt kept loosening up and I do not have the latch system in my 2000 4 runner and this is after I finally figured out you have to take the cover off to get the belt through the hole ... wow . So the seat was wobbly . I then moved it over behind me still rear facing and my belt pulled it up sideways and it was still wobbly , the base of the seat did n't even fit with the shape of my car seat . Ugh , After a half an hour of this I decide to turn it around forward facing and keep him in his infant seat until he is a year . I install it and lo and behold , still wobbly and once again the shape of the car seat does not go with my car . Needless to say I hate this seat and I am returning it as soon as possible .
 I purchased this car seat for my car for my granddaughter . I read the reviews , I comparison shopped and thought I had gotten a great buy . My great buy was not as great as I thought . I experienced a very difficult time installing this car seat into my 2007 Honda Civic . No matter what I did , I could not get the car seat installed securely . I used the latch system and followed the directions to the letter . My daughter had installed her Britax with no problem . I ended up making an appointment with the State Police and they installed it properly and securely . The trooper was not very happy when I told him the make of the car seat I had purchased . He told me I should have invested the extra money and purchased a Britax . My recommendation is this
 I would n't order baby wipes from Amazon . I 've waited more than 4 weeks and they still have not arrived . Is it worth saving a few bucks if you have to wait that long ? What if you forget about the order and then your credit card is charged ? You then lose more than a few bucks . I 've had success with order pampers diapers . Ordering Enfamil has not been reliable , seems Costco is the best deal . Wipes are terrible .
 This is a really nice looking bag , great for short trips , but the material tears easily . I only had it for a few months and it started to tear inside.Another big problem is that the top pocket closes only with velcro that tends to open if held upsidedown . Very inconvenient.If the manufacturer was willing to make the material more durable and put a zipper on the top opening . I would buy it again!I love how convenient and compact it is !!!
 I got this stroller as a gift because I wanted it really bad from seeing all the great positive reviews ... . well it is horrible ! It isbuilt well and has a lot of room ... it is like the cadillac of strollers , but it comes with a price/consequence . My son is two years old and we have a month old ... our son is about 30 lbs -LRB- tall and lean -RRB- . Regardless of where we decide to put him the stroller ill not turn in any direction we want . We tried utting him in the front and the back , but nothing seemed to work out . I am soo disapointed . Are the wheels not easy to turn because it is new ?!?! It is just so aggravating .
 This is the most annoying , worthless thing i have ever bought . My 22 month old and newborn weigh a total of 39 pounds and it is IMPOSSIBLE to steer . If you want to push the stroller in a straight line only , then i guess it would work out . I ca n't believe this is even considered to be a double stroller .
 I loved my 1st Eddie Bauer Double stroller , but after 5years and 3 welding jobs it needed to be replaced . I bought this one because I thought it would be the same . I loved the color and the look and the style - but no matter what I did , it would not turn !!!!! I had my 21mo and 7mo in the stroller , so it definately had nothing to do with the weight of the children . I have 4 kids , please take my advise when I say that this stroller is not worth your time and money . I returned it and purchased something different .
 My children are two years apart , so I thought a double stroller with so many options would be great . However , this double stroller completely lacked . Its the heaviest , bulkiest stroller I 've ever seen . And to make matters worse , the steering was horrible . You must use both hands to steer this , so you can forget talking on the cell . I live in a neighborhood with a lot of gently winding roads . I never thought anything of it with my other stollers , but after taking this one for a stroll I felt like I just spent two hours at the gym working my back and arms . I used it for maybe a month and finally had enough and got a double jogging stroller . I gave this one to a friend who was having her second child . She , too , used this stroller once and had enough . What a total waste of my money .
 i bought this stroller because it has the feature of moving the forwrding seat and the other seat can recline completely so that i can put my one month baby in it . I was so happy when i got it but soon i discovered how heavy to carry especially that i live in the 2nd floor . Second , the wheels were making it easy to ride but after a while the wheels lost their rubber and make it very very hard to push it as they got stuch at every turn or corner . i wish i never bought it and wasted my $ 130 on such useless double stroller . Besides , now that my baby is 8 month she does not have any space for her feet since the rear seat is only made for babies who lay down . I am very disappointed and ca n't wait to throw it away after i buy `` Phil and Teds 's '' instead .
 I have not finished the whole pack yet , but at least five have been torn to the point that my daughter could not wear them . I have gotten these in the smaller size and did not have this problem . I would not recomend buying them from this seller .
 My daughter is 3 1/2 . She 's day potty trained but not so much for night time . I 've been putting her in size 5/6 night time diapers but she wanted to be a `` big girl '' and graduate up to pull-ups for night time . I figured ... what the hell . Try these.I put the order in . It took 2 weeks and over $ 11 in shipping costs to get these from the Amazon seller ENATPRO . I 'm thinking ... what a rip off . Not only do I have to pay a huge shipping fee but it takes as long to get these as it would have if I ordered them from China.The other reviewers mentioned that this is just like a `` cloth '' diaper/underwear . Yeah , right . It 's no different than a regular Pull-Up diaper in material/consistency . So that was a bogus claim.Within the first week I realize that these night time Pull-Ups are a major disaster . I went from my daughter going through the night with regular night time diaper Huggies or Pampers WITHOUT a leak -LRB- except an occassional SMALL one once every 3 weeks or so -RRB- to waking up with her lying in a puddle or a lake of urine each morning . And this is EVERY MORNING with these diapers !!! I found myself feeling like it was back in the `` old days '' when I was doing midnight and 4am diaper changes as though she was an infant . And this is REQUIRED with this Pull-Up . So , if you want take a walk down memory lane and go back to middle-of-the-night diaper changes because you miss it when your toddler was an infant , then GET THESE ! Otherwise , do n't bother getting ripped off on shipping costs , waiting around for 2 weeks for them to be delivered , and ultimately getting a low-grade product that obviously does n't hold much liquid for anyone who would be big enough to need these diapers to begin with.Save yourself the grief and find something else!NOT RECOMMENDED !!
 My 4 1/2 year old daughter refused to wear these because they were too itchy . I have to agree with her - they are not nearly as soft and comfortable feeling as the Underjams . I had tried these hoping they would be slimmer profile and less obvious , which I think maybe they are , but uncomfortable is a show-stopper for my kid . Underjams are soft and absorbent .
 My 4 year old love it for the 1st couple days , then rash begin on her waist and she refuse to wear ... . need to replace back to underjams .
 My daughter had an allergic reaction to this product -- a rash on her lower back the morning after she wore the Goodnite the first night . We tried again the next night , and the rash became worse -LRB- she stayed dry all night both nights -RRB- . We tried using the Goodnites a few nights after that , putting a pair of underwear on her first and then putting it over to protect her , but the Goodnite caused a rash anywhere it touched her lower back where the underwear was n't protecting her . Just want to add that my daughter has never actually had an allergy to anything before that I know of , and we 've used a lot of different brands of diapers.Also , do n't be fooled that this will look like underwear in any way , this looks like a soft fluffy pull-up . When we took them out of the wrapper , my 2 year-old said `` that 's a diaper ! that 's a pull-up '' and my 4 year-old was only willing to wear it because there is a picture of an older girl on the package .
 I ordered 3 times of 6 pairs and I 've received only 6 packages of 3-pack . It 's is only the half of quantity .
 DO NOT order from the company Baby Love !!!! They took my money and did n't send the product . To this day , I have never received the training pants . I hope that Amazon took them off of their site .
 I was hoping to find something a little more absorbant than this . These hold nothing , you might as well just buy normal underwear
 Sorry , I ca n't tell you what this product is like because I never received the shipment - the seller has never responded to my inquiries - Amazon has been absolutely no help .
 These probably work for some kids but my 3 year old daughter thought they were underwear and would ask for a pull-up to go potty in . I meant to buy them so if she had an accident while wearing them she 'd be able to feel the messiness . Nope , she knows the difference between these and pull-ups and has only gone in the potty once while wearing them . She actually would rather wear her underwear . Still trying to get her to go in the potty though . I need to figure out another way to out-smart her !
 I BOUGHT THIS ITEM B/C BABIES DO LOVE THE TAGS ON THINGS BUT THIS EVENING MY 4 MONTH OLD ALMOST SUFFOCATED BECAUSE OF IT ! I LOOKED OVER TO HER SITTING ON THE HER BOUNCY SEAT TO FIND THE 12 X 12 BLANKET COMPLETELY OVER HER FACE AND HEARD HER GASPING FOR AIR ! I RUSHED OVER TO HER AND THANK GOD SHE WAS AND IS OK ! I JUST WENT ON THE TAGGIES WEBSITE TO FIND THE BLANKET IS RECOMMENDED FOR ALL AGES AND IS APPROVED BY JMPA , TIA AND ICPHSO . I AM SURE MY BABY IS NOT THE FIRST TO HAVE THIS HAPPEN AND I WOULD THINK TWICE ABOUT BUYING THIS ITEM FOR A BABY DESPITE IT BEING RECOMMENDED FOR ALL AGES . THIS ALSO GOES TO SHOW THAT EVEN THOUGH AN ITEM IS APPROVED BY VARIOUS SAFETY ORGANIZATIONS , THAT MAY NOT MEAN THE ITEM IS IN FACT SAFE .
 This item only seems to want to stick to perfectly square corners . If your corners are beveled , molded , or any deviation from a box corner they will pull away . I got them for the color and high rating , and thought them expensive for a cheap piece of foam . Turns out that I was right about them being expensive for a cheap piece of foam . They are not cast molded . Instead , they are an L-shaped corner bead that is cut , folded and glued to form a corner . As a result , when I taped it down to a beveled furniture corner the glue seams split . Stick to cheaper box store models ; you 'll get the same results for half the price .
 First the positive -- the brown cushions fit our coffee table perfectly , will definitely protect our lil one from injury , also they are aesthetically pleasing.However , the tape is completely horrible and considering you need the cushions to stay on -- this is a significant issue . Both my husband and I messed with the tape for nearly an hour before we were able to get it to stick , and even now , I am fairly certain that my daughter will be able to rip these off .
 was very disappointed in these diapers . more than 1/4 of the package ripped on the sides ! i reported problem and found out that they are discontinued as well !
 I love the style , the color , and the functionality , but I had one and the large pocket frayed and ripped . I returned it for another one and it did it again .
 I was really hopeful about this diaper bag when I ordered it through Amazon . The size is small and convenient , but I found it awkward when placing it around my arm and neck . Also , the clasp broke after I had it for only 2 weeks ! I am really disappointed , and would recommend looking elsewhere for a diaper bag .
 The third time I wore it , as I tried to zip the bottom-most compartment with one hand -LRB- other arm is carrying my 14-month-old -RRB- , the plastic piece on the main strap simply broke , and pieces just flew off and now it is completely unusable . I do not recommend this product because of its poor construction .
 -LRB- 2 stars because the style is cool ... -RRB- this was a christmas gift from my husband this year as our son is a big boy -LRB- 19 1/2 lbs @ 4 months -RRB- and it was too much to carry him , his carrier and a heavy diaper bag everyday to daycare so this seemed like the perfect solution ... and it was ... until the bag started coming apart 7 days after I received it ! And I was careful , I had read some of the other reviews about the stitches coming apart and I had thought they had just over filled the bag ... nope ! The bottle holder has ripped all the way down the side ... you ca n't overfill that ... there 's just room for one bottle , is n't that what it is made for ??? My husband really loved this bag because it was n't ` girly or babyish ' but put the $ $ on something that will hold a bottle !
 the middle back pocket broke within the first week we used the item . and were unable to fix the problem .
 The pattern is fabulous ... but that 's about it . It 's on the small side for a backpack . The pockets on the side ca n't really hold bottles . I struggled to get Avent bottles in there . There is only one slim pocket on the front and minimal pockets on the inside . You wo n't be able to sort things to easily retrieve them later . The outside material is soft and fuzzy and I doubt it can withstand much abuse -LRB- or simply water for that matter -RRB- . I returned mine after seeing the lack of organizational compartments and space . Take a look a the Packabe by Ju Ju Be instead . Now * they * thought of everything .
 On the internet , the backpack looks white with brown stripes . When I received the product in the mail , it had pink and blue stripes along with the brown ones . I 'm returning it to get a different one !
 We bought this dresser in January for our baby 's room . It came with a cracked side panel and it was missing some of the drawer slides . We contacted StorkCraft several times to get it replaced . The first time they said it would be shipped in a few weeks . A month later we contacted them again , only to find out they had no record of the first time we contacted them ! So we told them again what we needed . They shipped it - but when it came it had the wrong parts ! Well , when my daughter was born in March , we had to use baskets under the changing table because we still did n't have the right parts to put the dresser together . About 6 months after purchasing it all the parts finally came in . We asked StorkCraft what we should do with all the extra parts they said for us to throw them out - so we are supposed to throw out their trash . We have it together now , but it is not a good piece of furniture . It looks nice , but that 's about it . The drawers do n't slide out smoothly , and they do n't fit in the dresser straight . If I could go back and change my mind , I would go to a furniture store and buy a nice dresser from them instead of this one .
 This tub worked well until my daughter learned how to lean her head forward -LRB- 3.5-4 months -RRB- She rolls forward and her legs go inward into her belly -LRB- like a pill bug -RRB- and she then proceeds to roll to either side and can potentially go face forward into the bath tub if you 're using this in the bath -LRB- we do n't have large enough sinks to use this at the sink . -RRB- I bought it on clearance somewhere besides amazon.com but really wanted to pass on my experience . that and the center divide looks painful on the area that rests on it .
 I purchased this for my twin boys after much research . I wanted an infant tub I could use on a counter until they were able to sit on their own and be in the actual bath tub . However , when placed in this infant tub the water barely covers the legs of the baby being bathed and my boys hate it and cry because they are cold . I 've tried covering their bellies with a washcloth when washing to keep them warm , but they hate it . I thought they just did n't like baths until I bathed them in a tub that was deeper and they could be more submerged and they LOVED it . Also , the angle of the seat makes it easy for them to throw their bodies forward or sideways while being bathed . I would not recommend this tub to any parent .
 I DO NOT recommend this tub for squirmy babies ! My 1 month old had his foot stuck in the side of this tub and screamed until he was purple ! It may work for those of you who have calm babies . But if you have a baby who does n't like bath time , you should probably invest in a different tub .
 I bought this for my 4 month old daughter since she 's temporarily out grown the sink . The foam back and crouch support keeps her from sliding down but need to be more concave . My daughter can easily roll side to side and had nearly rolled right out of the tub . It also makes it very hard to wash her back , butt and groin areas . The tub 's not very deep and is designed so she sits up out of the water which causes her to get cold easily . And being as only her feet are really in the water she tends to kick and splash a lot . The pivoting handle is useful to hang the tub on the shower curtain rod . The plug in the bottom of the tub helps drain it afterward and does n't leak . The temperature indicator is very helpful showing if the water is too cold , too hot or just right . It 's an okay tub until my daughter can sit up better and we can go back to using the sink .
 This carrier fastens on with a strap that goes around your hips and another one that goes from one top corner of the fabric -LRB- that the baby sits in -RRB- around your other shoulder , and over to the other top corner . You 've got to keep that piece of fabric from twisting while you juggle your baby and fling it around behind your back , up over your shoulder -LRB- where it 's supposed to cup comfortably -RRB- to fasten him on . The first few times are the worst , as you figure out the fit -- the fabric does n't slide very easily through the plastic buckles -LRB- it 's the buckles themselves that fasten together , at least -RRB- , so it 's hard to adjust the fit once it 's on.But , even once we had it adjusted just right -LRB- tight around my hips , enough slack in the shoulder strap for me and the baby -RRB- , it never quite felt secure . As I wear my 10-month-old , he slips slowly downward . But the very worst part is the shoulder . In order for the shoulder fabric to stay put , you have to have it wrapped around the top of your arm as well as your shoulder . This essentially renders that arm useless , strapped to your side . Notice in the picture that it 's the arm on the side with the baby that is up ; that 's because that other arm , were you to try and raise it , would displace the shoulder strap and send it sliding towards your neck.I thought it might be good for shopping , but you 'd be amazed at how much you use your arms while you 're shopping . Since I like to be able to use my hands and arms while I wear my baby -LRB- is n't that the point of strapping him onto me instead of carrying him w/out a carrier ? -RRB- , I only use this one when I ca n't find the Bjorn.I finally found a hip carrier I like
 I got this swing for my daughter instead of the big aquarium swing , fist of all having to bend down to put her in it was had after having given birth and she did n't like being that close to the floor . It also does n't have an adjustable seat it just lays back she did not like it . Over all I would n't buy it as a gift and I wo n't be using it for the next baby .
 Baby enjoys this once he is in it , but it is very hard for Mom to get the baby into the swing without hurting her back . I find this deters me from using it as much as I might otherwise . Also , I agree with another user that there should be an option to use the lights without the music . Also , mine did not have a slow speed , the lowest speed seems to go quite fast - perhaps a malfunction in this particular unit .
 if you call the company they will refund you the purchase price of this item !!
 I immediately loved this when I saw it ! My daughter also loves it . BUT - my 6 week old baby keeps falling forward in it and hanging down to the floor . I have tried everything , tightening the straps , leaning her back more in the seat . One day I turned away long enough to load the dishwasher and when I looked back , she was completely folded in half forward almost touching the floor . Thank goodness she was strapped in or she would 've fallen out on her head . This happened several times before I logged on to read the reviews . When I saw the post about someone 's baby getting their head stuck between the bars , I decided I would never use it again because I could easily see this happening to my daughter . I also agree with people who say the toys hit their child in the face , especially young babies who this swing is really designed for . I called fisher price and they sent me a prepaid label to return the swing and they will issue a refund . They really do stand behind their products . I would love to see this swing redesigned because it is just the cutest thing I 've ever seen . I just do n't think it 's safe .
 I already own the deluxe take along swing -LRB- which is the original version -RRB- and I love it , so when I saw this version in the store I thought it lookd like it had more for my son to look at with those floating fish on the sides and I bought it . I hate it . First of all the baby is to reclined in this seat . His chin rests on his chest and he is always squirming to sit up higher . He seems very uncomfortable . Second , the velcroe straps on the deluxe model that keep the unit together and stop it from swinging for easy `` take along '' are not on this model so it is not easy to carry with one hand because the seat swings out when you walk . The third thing that is different on this model is that if you have it in the lights and music mode , when it shuts off you -LRB- or the baby -RRB- can not just pull one of the hang down toys to start it back up like on the deluxe . You have to turn it off and then turn it back on with the switch so there is no way for the baby to restart it himself . I called fisher price to find out if maybe mine was defective or something because these seemed like really dumb changes to make and they told me it is a new model and they are still working out the kinks . They told me I could return it to them for a refund . I did . The original deluxe take along swing is much much better .
 I bought this for our 3 month old daughter because she likes to be in a swing , but the full size one is too big to take room to room . The swing is great for its mobility except for a few things . First the music does not play very long at all and you have to constantly be resetting it . Also , the handle bar is in the way when you are trying to pull your wiggling infant out you have to make sure you do n't hit their head on it . They should make the top open or make it an option to fold the handle down when you take your baby out . Also , if you need to change the batteries , you better make sure you have a phillips screwdriver with you , that is the only way to open & close the battery cover . Lastly , when you fold it up , it does not stay closed , you have to hold it all together . Other than that , I do like the variable speeds , the lights -LRB- when they stay on -RRB- and the toys that hang down .
 I received this swing for a shower gift and was very excited to use it . It worked fairly well when our daughter was about 1 1/2 to 3 months old . However , the dangling toys hit her in the head -LRB- my husband used duct tape to keep them out of her face -RRB- because she could n't sit perfectly centered . The carrying handle is also problematic because it 's tricky to get the baby in and out without hitting her head . We put it away because she slumped over one too many times and her head hit the swing arm . Once she was sitting better we tried again . Same problem only worse because she was larger , and this time -LRB- at 4 months -RRB- her head got stuck between the seat and the swing arm . We put it away again until 5 months when she 's sitting very well with just a tiny bit of support . It 's now being put away for good . She slouched over again and this time her head really got wedged between the seat , the swing arm and the upright support . She does enjoy the swing with it 's lights and music as long as I sit right in front of her and keep adjusting her , however , this defeats the goal of being able to eat dinner while she 's swinging and entertained .
 This swing is dangerous . My 3 1/2 month old son got his head/neck caught between the metal and plastic pieces on the side of the swing while it was moving . Do n't waste your money on this swing .
 my mother bought this for my son when he was first born about 7 mos . again . he loved it , but today my husband and i were walking through target and i noticed that there was a recall sign in front of it . apparantly the top bar is n't very secure and can fall down and hit your child in the head and the lap belt is n't very secure either . your child can lean forward and fall out of the seat causing further injury . i have n't been to the website yet to see what else it says about it but it should be on the fisher-price website .
 I have tried this swing with my son since he was born . At first I thought he was too young to use it , so I tried him in it every month . The same thing happened repeatedly . He kept falling over to the side and his head would hit the blue bar while the swing was in motion . -LRB- the belt was appropriately fitted -RRB- Fortunately , we were there to get him out of it as soon as it happened.It seems that the seat sits too upright letting him fall over . I even tried holding him up with rolled up hand towels to the side of him , but that did n't work . Not to mention that the dangling objects also hit him in the head . The last time we tried the swing we taped those to the side , but once again he fell over hitting his head.I will not put my son in this swing again , ever let anyone borrow it , and never donate it to any organization .
 DS does n't seem to like it too much , yet he loves the regular swing at day care . I think it 's because of the shape of the seat . It 's more like a boucey chair and I think he does n't feel safe in it . Also , the low speed is n't much different then the high speed . It 's way to fast . He also does n't care for the lights . About the only thing he does like about it is the toys , fish , and music . At most , he 'll only stay in it for about 20 minutes .
 I just returned this swing because it is not suitable for a newborn . When I put my son in it , he immediately fell to the side and almost had his head caught in between the bar and seat . It does not recline and has no head support whatsoever . And by the time he is able to hold his head up on his own , he would have outgrown the swing ... It is a very dangerous product , do not buy it !!!!
 If I could give this zero stars I would.It is too hard to get baby in and out of without whacking their head . The music is obnoxious . And worst , if baby tips to the side , they can get their head caught between the swing bar and the handle . My child was n't in this long enough for this to happen , but I can easily see how it could , and other reviewers have seen it happen . No recline options either . I wish I had read reviews before I bought this . It went right back to the store but since I bought it at full price and it was on sale , I only got the sale price back . : -LRB-
 This swing was a gift and we thought it really looked nice and very portable - until we started using it . I only used mine twice maybe and I stopped when my son 's head almost got pinned between the metal bar and the plastic bar -LRB- where the fish in -RRB- while it was swinging . The harness belt is not enough to hold the baby . Maybe if they use a 5-point harness , it will hold my baby better and will not slide off to the sides while it was swinging . Another thing , when it swings , the hanging fishies hits his face everytime . I called Fisher-Price and they 're taking the swing back . Yesterday , I received a letter from Fisher-Price apologizing for our unpleasant experience with their product and gave me a refund and a prepaid label to return the item to them . Fisher-Price did their part well so 5 stars to them but 1 star to the product . It needs redesigning . Better harness would correct it and eliminate the hanging fishies .
 My four month old boy has not liked this swing since the first day it was given to us . It seemed too reclined even when he was only two months old and the fast swinging motion along with the bright flashing lights is too much for an alert baby ! He cries the minute we place him in it and even more if I turn anything on . Plus there really is n't much to play with besides the two oddly angled hanging fish on each side . We use it as a seat for him to sit and hold his rattles in , but it 's pretty expensive just for that . We have the entire Ocean Wonders set of equipment and this piece is the worst . Also , what is with those repetitive songs ? Every Ocean Wonders item plays the same awful wannabe classical songs . My baby is not impressed and neither am I.
 i got four swings as gifts for my baby and i returned all but kept this one because i thought it was the cutest . big mistake . i dont like to put my baby in it and he doesnt like it either . he is 2 months old now and still too small for it -LRB- he 's 11lbs -RRB- . it does not have good support for the back and he just looks looks so curled up in it .
 I guess I got a defective model , because it turns on by itself even when it is switched off . We have the bigger version of this swing , the Ocean Wonders Aquarium Cradle swing and we absolutely love it ! We got this Take Along swing as a gift at our baby shower and we were excited in putting it to use with our baby , but I was disappointed when it would just turn on by itself and the motor was LOUD . I had to take the batteries out of it so it would n't wake us all up in the middle of the night . I guess it has to go back to the store , hopefully they 'll allow me to return it .
 My baby 's head falls to the side in this swing ! It does NOT recline enough . This is for babies who have full head support and can sit up on their own . Not , NOT for newborns !!! Needs to be re-called . If you are going to use this swing , make sure you are within eye sight of your baby , do n't take any chances and leave baby for any length of time because his/her head can get caught in the side , even with the net there .
 MY DAUGHTER LOVES THE SWING , BUT IS STUCK IN ONE POSITION . THIS ONLY COMES IN RECLINE POSITION .
 This swing does not recline , so if your baby can not completely sit up on their own , they slump down or tip to the side . When they tip to the side , the little hanging fish hit them in the face . There are also delightful little fish swimming on the sides of this device . When your child leans over to explore , their little heads get stuck between the fixed post and the swinging arm and get banged over and over . The only nice , safe feature is the lights . Do not buy this Swing . Buy something safer .
 We have twin daughters and received the original deluxe take-along swing as a gift . Our girls loved it so much that we wanted to buy a second one , but found out that it had been discontinued and replaced with the aquarium model . Since our daughters loved the aquarium and bouncy seats from the same line , we thought it was a good idea and bought it . It was fine for a little while , but soon realized that although the girls did n't mind it , there were quite a few flaws : Safety - they changed the slope of the swing making it much more upright , once our girls could lean forward they were grabbing for the floor ; they also lowered the mesh sides so they can easily grab for the bar begind them ; the strap holding them in is way to small to be secure ; and there is no back to the swing , only the pad , which is n't supportive enough.Design - the swing speed is inconsistent ; the music is tinny and too low ; the hanging toys are boring and do n't activate the music in all settings ; the ribbons attaching the toys are sewn in a loop - one broke and the toy came off ; there are no straps to keep it closed so it flies open when walking ; the fish on the side are arced so it does n't lie flat in the car.All in all , if you can find the previous model -LRB- dark blue and yellow with a butterfly high in the center -RRB- buy it , it is a great swing , but I would pass on the aquarium swing until they , at the very least , fix the safety problems .
 I would give this swing zero stars if I could . My mom bought this for her house . My infant loved to swing . Not in this one , however . The swinging motion is very erratic . The seat does not look comfortable . The music and lights were not effective . The toys could not be removed and were very distracting . It did not transport well . For the price , buy a full-size swing and find the room . You will not regret it . Buy this one , you probably will .
 The full size version of this swing is amazing and wonderful and I would recommend it without reservation . This smaller version however was horrible . Take the safety advice of the manufacturer to heart ; if the baby is mobile it 's going to hurt itself . In addition to the often mentioned toys hitting the head , my daughter , who is quite squirmy managed to hit her head with the support bars . I could envision her getting her head caught in between them . We 've had this since my daughter was born seven months ago . And have used it periodically hoping that she would grow in to it . She never did and after the support bar incident she will never get in to it again . After the phenomenal success with the larger swing I was more than disappointed by this one . My Wife is in the process of asking Fischer Price directly for a refund .
 My son loves to stare at the orange fish and the lights and the music ... but gets over stimulated and gets upset . The batteries do n't seem to last that long . Its portable but still bulky , not likely we 'll take it too far . Hard to get the baby out without hitting his head on the light bar . I wish I had just gotten an open top full sized swing instead of this .
 My son started using this swing after he was 3 weeks old . He also has the Ocean Wonders Full size swing but had move temporarily and did n't want to lug the full size one with us for two months . We had tons of trouble with this swing because he would get hit in the head with the toys that hung down so I had to remove them . Then I always had to bend him awkwardly to pick him up out of the seat so he would n't hit his head on the top bar which would always make him cry . His head and body slides left and right which is very uncomfortable looking-he never looked at the lights up top until he was two months old and he still does n't like the seat . It 's suppose to have different speeds but they are pretty much all the same speed . I am taking this back to the store because it was a waste of $ 50.00 . Take your money and get yourself a bouncer or a full size .
 i recieved this swing as shower gift and thought it was great the music is so peaceful and the fishes on the side swim along as it swings i could n't wait to use it !! we tried putting our 2 week old in it after all the product description does say & quot ; features deep cradle support for baby 's head & quot ; that is a lie the swing is way too upright and has no support for a newborn . i was really diappointed but figured we would still get plenty of use out of it when my son was older . well he is now 4 months old and i tried using it again and although he sits up very well when propped the swing offers no support on the sides and the fishes that dangle encourage him to lean over in an effort to grab them thus putting his head between the bars that swing together . well luckily i was sitting right there and saw the problem immediately even thogh he still got a couple of mild bumps on the head . this was after he 'd only been in it for a minute and a half ! he did n't spend half an hour working his way over ! well i 'm sure their arguement is that you should n't leave your child unattended but to some extent is n't that the only reason we buy these things so we have a safe place to set our babies down where they can be entertained while we wash the dishes or do laundry or whatever . i would never leave my child in a swing unattended for a long period of time but i would expect to be able to go across the room without him getting banged in the head !!!
 We bought the Graco Swingomatic fold up swing -LRB- Jackpot print -RRB- after returning the Ocean Wonders Take along swing . Please read the reviews . Many babies have been injured in Fisher price travel swings - their heads get caught between the swing and the support bars . Graco redesigned their swing and put in a 5 point harness A MUST , and some come with a baby head support - reccomended for young infants . Graco travel swings have mesh on the sides to prevent such injuries . *** -LRB- Fisher Price - please follow suit - Ocean Wonder is a wonderful line but NOT the Take along swing -RRB- *** You can see my review under the Graco swing .
 We bought this swing for our 3 week old baby and he would lean over to the side in it and his head would hang over the side . The bar that holds the swing and the base would swing closer together his head got hit several times . We rolled receiving blankets up and propped him up but it did n't help much . Finally we put it away and bought a bouncer type chair . When he was three months old I took it out again and he was fine until he fell asleep . He would lean out the same space , only this time his head was bigger so the bars coming together on his head caused quite a bit of pain . I never left my son unattended . The problem was that he flopped over so quickly -LRB- or maybe it was the subtlety of the flop -RRB- to one side and the swing can go fast , unless I was right on top of him -LRB- literally -RRB- he would get smashed . It was quite frightening to see your baby being strangled by his cute swing ! Please be aware that this is a problem . I have called Fisher-Price and returned the swing to the store . I would never recommend this to anyone . I ca n't imagine the horror if someone was n't ALWAYS watching their baby in this swing .
 Newborn can not be placed in the seat , it will not recline enough for him to lay down and it is slouched just so that it 's even hard to prop the baby up with blankets and such . By the time baby is old enough to sit up in this thing his feet will hang off . Also when you do try to rig it so baby can be propped in it , it 's still horrible because the hanging sea animals hit him in the head !
 I originally had the deluxe swing and my baby loved it , so much so he wore it out . I immediately went to purchase another and found only the Aquarium Take Along was avaliable . I am concerned about it 's safety , as it pushes his chin to his chest and also allows his head to lean to each side to the point it rests on his shoulder ! I believe this is set up for airway impairment . I will be returning this item and will not purchase another Fisher Price product with the same seat design .
 My daughter was almost 3 months when we needed this swing and about 16 pounds . At her weight , even at the highest setting , it barely moved . There is also a music option and even the music was barely audible . We tried new batteries and still did not work well . FYI - all her ` non portable ' swings still work without any problems , even at their lowest settings .
 The idea of taking a swing with you is a nice thought , but this sure does need some improvements.This swing worked only marginally well until my son weighed about 15 pounds . After that , his weight seemed to be too much for the swing to handle . No matter which speed we set it on , each yielded the same results -LRB- `` 7 '' worked the same as `` 4 '' -RRB- The seat is very wide , and in my opinion , there is not much lateral support . Even though he was properly strapped in , I noticed that my son would start to lean to the side while in this swing . He even leaned so much that I worried his head would get wedged between the bars of the swing and the stand . It was n't worth the risk to me.I was disappointed with this product and my son did not enjoy it .
 Very cute swing and a great idea , however my daughter who is 3 months old keeps falling over and she was caught between the bar and swing . I think that it will be better when she 's older.Also , the only other drawback is that it sits up pretty straight . It 's not like larger swings . So just be cautious with younger babies .
 This swing does not secure baby very well . I was constantly lifting my son up because he slumped down or over to the left or right . Once he slumped all the way over to where his head was almost next to the fish on the side of the swing.NOT A VERY SAFE SWING FOR A NEWBORN or any baby that ca n't support their own head or sit up on their own ...
 I wish I would have listened to all of these reviews before registering for this ! My baby has n't liked this swing for even one minute ! First of all she seems very uncomfortable in it . She sits too far forward and her knees are pushed into her chest causing her to look bent in half ! I would hate that too ! The lights , music and `` swimming '' fish are great ... it 's just that she prefers me holding her while she stares at them ! I feel the lowest speed is still too fast for a little one and my baby prefers the cradle motion to the forward backward motion . -LRB- thanks to her Fisher Price Papasan Cradle Swing ! -RRB- There is no strap to hold the swing in place when you `` take-it-along '' anywhere and the toys hanging down almost hit her in the face when shes sits in it ! Save your $ 60.00 and put it toward some other toys for your little one to take to grandma 's !
 I have to tell you that this `` swing '' is absolutely horrible ! It 's simply too wide and there is no way for the child to use it safely.It does n't recline , no neck/body support and dangling toys are simply dangerous ... I 'm surprised there has n't been a class action suit filed due to this `` swing '' ... Heed my warning ... Cbrock007
 My son hates this swing . He never liked it . As mentioned from quite a few other people , it is very difficult to remove a baby w/o hitting their head.My son tore a neck muscle when he was delivered and b/c of that he `` tips '' to one side , and the toys were always hitting him in the head . It was awful.The swing does move quite quickly , also . Setting # 2 was all I could use for a long time b/c it moved so fast.It may fit some babies , but definatley not mine !
 I did n't register for this gift but received it at my shower . I kept it because I thought it would be great for visiting relatives ' homes . We used it for the first time over Thanksgiving and we were truly disappointed . Our daughter , Esther , is 3 months old and on the large end of the scale . She is also fairly strong with decent head control for a baby her age -LRB- but far from sitting up -RRB- . When we put her in this swing we were quite surprised by how bad it was . It does n't recline at all and she kept slumping to the side . When she slumped to the side one of three things would happen : a -RRB- the toys -LRB- which do n't come off -RRB- would whack her in the headb -RRB- her head would bang into the frame as it swungc -RRB- both.We tried supporting her with blankets and taping the toys out of the way but nothing worked . My 3 older daughters wound up putting their Care Bears in it and using it for a toy . Maybe it will be better when she is older but it stinks right now . I gave it 2 stars only bc she did seem to enjoy the blinking lights . I read the instruction manual cover to cover and had my husband do the same . It does not say anything about how to make it recline further . In fact , you can see by the way the mesh is at the sides of the seat that it is impossible to recline - the angle is fixed . I have already thrown out the box but am going to phone Fisher Price to see if I can return it to them . I think this swing borders on unsafe and I would n't feel comfortable putting Essie in it again .
 Like others on this board , my baby almost DIED using this product . Please beware . I used this swing and LOVED it for weeks and weeks before anyting happened . In fact , I would have recommended it to anyone until this hahppened . I was using it properly , strappingmy baby in properly and oen day , while doing chores I heard her screaming and went in and found her choking , as she had fallen over one edge and her head was stuck b/n the mesh netting and metal bar . I AM NOT KIDDING in that she would have choked to death had i not attende to her quickly . HEED THE WARNINGS of the other reviews of this item . I talked to the manufactur and I am convinced this product will be recalled .
 I thought I was going to love this swing because I have the larger version of this one and the bouncer , but to my disappointment , the moment I put my baby in it , he got very upset . I thought he was just being colicky or fussy , but EVERY single time I put him in it , he would react the same way . He loves his Ocean Wonders cradle swing and bouncer , but somehow , he just did n't like this model . I figured it was the lights above , it seemed a little overwhelming . The toys kept hitting him in the head as it swung and worst of all , it was VERY HARD to store ! Every time I folded it and set it aside somewhere , it would just open up again and collapse . I returned mine and bought the Linkadoos travel swing , we 'll see how well that goes .
 My daughter got her head caught between the two side rails -LRB- the white plastic & blue metal -RRB- , so the swing was swinging hitting her head , causing her to cry . She was only 4 1/2 months when this happened . Prior to this she did enjoy the swing , but it seems like an unknown danger can occur , I recommend the other fisherprice take along swing -LRB- our friend has it -RRB- it has more room so she ca n't get her head stuck , and she likes it just as well .
 We started out borrowing a full sized graco swing for our daughter when she was born . We soon realized that it took up too much space in our 2 bdrm apt . So we went on the hunt for something smaller , and that would be good for travelling to grandma 's house etc.We loved the idea of this fp aquarium take along swing , until we got to know it better.It does fold up compactly , but you need a bunge cord so the seat does n't fly open when carrying it.Our daughter at 31/2 months was getting too long for it . she 's 24 inches . The seat length from back outward is very short.It 's also too wide , where she could move into a diagonal position while it was swinging , and many times I found her head hanging off the side ! The chair fabric has no structure , therefore she slumped in it all the time , too crunched up , and I do n't think she liked being that close to the floor , having to look up at everything.Especially after having been used to a full size.The lights were cool , but the music was crap . Way too loud , and had to put tape over the speaker.The overhead bar does make it difficult to get baby in and out too , especially if you have one with long legs like mine.We ended up returning it and went with the graco swingomatic instead . It 's not as big as the full size , and not as dinky as the take alongs , it 's just perfect with a rigid reclineable seat that folds just like the take along ! And it was $ 20 buck cheaper than FP.Sorry FP , I like your mobiles and other various toys , but when it comes to swings , Graco takes the cake : -RRB-
 I just have to post this , because although the manufacturer has agreed to take back this product , I do n't think they are taking the safety issue seriously ; if they were , they would have modified the design and stopped selling it as it is . My infant tilted to the side and her head/neck was caught between the swing 's base frame and the swing arm . Had I not been a few feet away to hear her cry , she could have been seriously injured . Obviously , that was the last time we used this swing . A company we all know , trust , and grew up with should do better by the babies who rely on the manufacturer to turn out a safe product .
 I bought this because of it 's convenient size and easy to transport design , but I highly suggest buying a different brand . My son 's head ALWAYS falls down to one side if he goes to sleep . This is a huge safety concern because his head gets wedged between the back blue bar support and the white chair support . If I was n't watching carefully he could have possibly been SERIOUSLY injured or killed , and I am far from the paranoid type ! I am sure that this chair will be recalled in not so distant future ! Reading the other reviews , I see each time to just stuff a blanket around the baby 's head to fix this problem -LRB- that has not worked for me , nor stuffed animals , or anything -RRB- , but why spend the money on something you have to compromise it to work correctly ??? Purchase one the same size with a reclinable position so that you will not have to worry about this . I mean really , is n't there enough to worry about already !?!
 It is the website for the US Consumer Product Safety Commission . They handle recalls and have a complaint report area . I had registered for this swing as well as the Linkadoos one and have taken them both off due to the bad reviews . If I were one of the customers who had a bad experience , I would contact Fisher-Price as well as this agency . Let 's get these things off the market ! The Graco Travel Lite swing has already been recalled so please also report anyone still selling it , as I have seen on several websites .
 This swing is horrible ! When my 4 month old son sits in it and the swing is on , the toys on the bar hit him in the head . When the swing is off or on , he slips to one side , gets his neck caught in the side and if the swing is still going he gets choked in between the base of the swing and the swing seat ! The product design is unsafe and not functional . I reccommend Graco . My daycare provider has their take-a-long swing and my son loves it . I 'm working on getting Fisher Price Take Along Swing Recalled !
 This is an excellent example of a horrible design . It is supposed to be suitable for newborns , but our 2 1/2 month old has yet to fit in it properly . Moreover , the upright seat angle makes her head slouch forward or to the side at dangerous angles and seem to compromise her breathing , at which point the hanging fish continually bang her head as it swings . It 's real cute , but leave this thing behind .
 I thought havng this swing would be wonderful because i can move it easly from room to rom and take it along with we when i go places . One my daughter -LRB- at3 months -RRB- would fall to the side of it and one time fell out of it . it dones not recline enough for a younger infant . the toys hit her on the head . the batteries are to hard to put in . it was a pain to put together . i but mostly fisher price items and this one is the worst item I have ever purchased from them !
 I tried this swing out with my 3 week old son and it has absolutely no support for little babies . It only has a waist strap so little babies fall foward and hunch over . However my friend who has a 7 month old daughter tested it out yesterday and her daughter loved it ! She loved the lights and she did n't hunch over at all .
 I own the larger version and my daughter has loved it since day one . I purchased this swing with travel in mind . I agree with many of the other reviews . The big problems
 We recieved this as a gift at a baby shower and I was tempted to take it back . I really should 've followed my instinct.My 3.5 month old is not supported in this , and when I attempt to prop him with a blanket , the animals hit him in the head . To make matters worse , his head got caught between the white bar and the aquamarine bar and he was being hit in the head . This could lead to serious injury that I do n't believe fisher price considered upon making this product.Save your money and go buy something else . It 's not worth the risk of your baby being hurt
 Parents please read so this does n't happen to your child . The design of the swing is poor . My infant suffered head trauma while using the swing.At a glance it 's cute , entertaining and it 's Fisher Price so it must be good . Well , I was so wrong . My baby was a couple of months old when it happened . As the baby gets taller and is able to lift their head and move from side to side , they are able to innocently maneuver their head out over the low side netting with little effort . While swinging , even on the lowest speed , this causes their tiny head to get bashed back and forth between the blue frame bar and the white sidearm of the swing.The concept of the product is great , there is definitely a dangerous design flaw ! I have looked at other portable swings , even other Fisher Price models and they have much taller netting on the side of the seat that goes all the way from the top to almost the bottom which would alleviate this danger . Please consider one of these more safe products instead so you do n't have to go through what I did.I did report it to Fisher Price and the CPSC but neither seem to be concerned !
 I loved this swing until my 4 month old son 's head slipped out the side and he hit his head on the bar . Luckily , I was in the room . The mesh on the side does not offer enough protection to keep a child from falling sideways . I complained to Fisherprice and Target . I am taking it back . Do not leave your child alone in this swing .
 We bought this item because we 're looking for something portable to carry around because our 4 month old loves his swing at home . I checked the reviews and I was quite satisfied with them and decided to give it a try . That is when until we got home and tried it . First of all , it does not support our baby at all . It does not recline and my boy kept on sitting up and almost tipped over one time ! The restraint does not give total support . With only a few swings , it makes him lean towards the sides . The fishies hits his face everytime it swings . What really made me NOT use this swing anymore is when my child 's neck almost got pinned in between the metal frame and the plastic frame -LRB- where the aquarium w / the fish inside -RRB- when he leaned to the side while it was swinging . I freaked out and that 's when I decided to put this back in the box and vow to never use it again . I want to sell it but I do n't want to put any other child in danger . I am going to return it and write a letter to Fisher-Price regarding this safety issue . It only looks good but it really is very dangerous . I even shared my experience to a couple in one of the Target stores about this product when I saw them checking it out . I pointed out the flaw and they decided right then and there that they do n't want it . If you choose to buy it , please do n't leave your child alone in it ! I gave it 1 star for its lights & sounds features and portability but that 's about it .
 I bought this swing because it was moblie and did not take up as much room as the larger , full sized swings . The first time I put my son in the swing , he hit his head on the metal bars - I thought maybe he was too young for the swing . I have been trying to use the swing for 6 months now , and everytime I put him in it his head is hit by the bars . There was even a few times when his neck was stuck in between the swing and the metal bar . If you ask me , this swing is poorly designed and a hazard to the babies who use it .
 This swing is awful ! My baby squirms and has no back support . The bar on top also makes getting her in and out cumbersome , and I usually wind up hitting her head on it ! Stick with a full size or another travel swing !!!
 I already had a full size Graco Swing for my 2 month old but I needed a travel swing to take to Grandmas for frequent visiting . It worked well for the first two weeks and my baby really like the hanging toys but then the batteries died . After finally figuring out to replace them -LRB- takes a bit of a trick to get the battery compartment back in its slot -RRB- the Duracell batteries died again in another two weeks . Overall the swing is cute and my baby liked it for a while but he only used for 1 month tops and he much prefers the full size swing . Not really worth the extra expense , stick with the full size or another travel model .
 I bought this for my grandson thinking it would be wonderful since he has the big one at his home and me needing one at my home I thought this was wonderful ... WRONG!I finally took it back to TARGET , but OOPS ! I misplaced my receipt and returned it to TARGET in BEAUMONT , TEXAS and was told since I did NOT have my receipt I needed to get something from that dept. for the exact amount -LRB- to the penny -RRB- which was impossible and so I found 2 items from that dept.and I was going to have to put a few dollars with it and they said NO and said it was like an APPLE for and APPLE ... figure that one!So I end up with NOTHING ... I would suggest NOT buying from TARGET , WAL-MART does not do that they are for the customers not for themselfs . And to add salt to the wound they want to give only 50.00 for it or even if I found an item for 39.00 they would not exchange it unless I took it as an even trade ! BE CAREFUL ! You may contact me if have any questions @ nanna0998@aol.com -LRB- hope target posts this for the truth it is , & not hide it from the people -RRB- .
 This swing is not good as a travel swing nor as a regular swing . The seat does n't support my baby at all -LRB- chronic slumping ! -RRB- and it rocks much too slow , especially compared to a full-sized swing . My son is not soothed in it at all - it is just an expensive chair . It also does n't travel very well and is difficult to carry with one hand . And the overhead bar makes lifting him out a very tricky maneuver . My son likes the lights/fish/music but we could have got those features on the bouncy chair for much cheaper . Do n't waste your money on this one - either get a full size swing or one of the other travel swing models . I 'm taking mine to a consignment shop today to hopefully get a least a few bucks back so I can purchase a useful swing .
 I have the whole ocean wonders set !!! and I love it ! but this swing is just horrible !! my daughter is now 4 months and still doesnt get in it . It sits to high . I wonder what they were thinking when they mad it ??? the others lay back , I DO NOT reccomend this swing for anything
 We purchased this for our daughter when she was around 2 months old to take to Grandma 's and other travel . She was not happy with the reclined seat . She wanted to sit upright more and the seat is not adjustable . After taking it to Grandma 's in the stored position , it quit working . New batteries were tried and nothing worked . It is expensive for an item that will not work after it only being a month old . Use your money wisely and get something else !
 I recently bought the fisher price aquarium take along swing for my three month old daughter after her other swing by Jmason broke . The motor in it stopped working . I thought this swing looked really fun and the features of being able to take it anywhere were great , since we do travel alot . I thought this would be the answer to all of my sleep deprivation . But no I was wrong , from the moment I sat her in there she was upset , with a big frown on her face every time . She absolutly hates this swing . And after reading all the horrible reviews about it I to was skeptical about the safety hazards . I dislike many things about this swing such as the fact that she has to be slouched in this swing with no supporting sides to lean her head against , such as on a full sized swing , so her chin has to be scrunched against her chest . Also Im afraid when she reaches her little hands out they will get squished between the rotating bars . Another thing is the beam on the top that plays lights and music is to low and everytime I try to get her out of the swing she almost hits her head on the top , we must do serious manuevering to get her out . My reason for buying the swing was so when she was being fussy in the middle of the night I could put her in it and she would fall asleep as she did in her other swing . But this is not the case , it seems to keep her awake more , since it is so busy , theres just to much going on with the fish and the hanging fish and the lights , its way to distracting which aggravates my sleepy baby . So I will be taking this back to try yet again another model , hopefully the third time will be a charm !
 I purchased this swing less than a month ago for my son , and already I feel like this product is entirely unsafe . When I placed him in the swing , he slid to the side and hit his head on the side bar . There appears to be some type of balancing issue . Frankly , one star is giving this product too much credit . I have concerns over the saftey of the swing -- it should not be on the market .
 We decided to buy this swing thinking it would be a great deal , especially coming from Fisher Price . The first one that we bought had the volume control broken . Then , we changed it for a new one . This one has the volume working very well , however , the speed control was not working . It was swinging very , very fast in ALL the speeds . Definetely it was the worst shopping experience of our lives .
 I have this swing . I LOVED the concept . I have the cradel swing and bouncy seat as well , and both work GREAT . But , I 've owned the swing for 6 weeks and it just up and died on me . No explanation . When I called the store about it , the mgr . told me what the prob . was w/o even talking to me or seeing the swing . That told me this swing has known problems , and I 'd encourage everyone to spend that $ 60 on another product -LRB- like putting it towards the cradle swing -RRB- . JMO
 I HATE IT !! THIS SWING IS VERY FLIMSY !!! THE TOP BAR FALLS DOWN AND DEPENDING ON HOW BIG YOUR BABY IS COULD HIT YOUR BABY IN THE HEAD . . DOES NOT REALLY RECLINE . MY DAUGHTER LIKES TO RECLINE AND THIS DOES NOT . VERY CHEAPLY MADE NOT WORTH THE MONEY AT ALL !!
 I liked the idea that the swing was compact and did n't take up so much room . However , the seat is at such a tough angle my baby has yet to be comfortable sitting in it . His head is put at position where he has to look straight out but head control is an issue . Plus the lights under the handle is such an attraction that he winds up slumped over to look at them and then the toys that hand down hit him in the head . I had to tie one up so he could lay sideways . We do much better w/bouncy seats and the old fashion big clunky swing .
 i got this because i thought it was cute and loved the ocean wonders . it was really cute , but my baby 's head would always look like it was going to fall forward . I bought the new version wiht the pivot 'n play handle -LRB- still ocean wonders -RRB- and it is much better . she is much more comfortable and the bar moves making it easier to take the baby out .
 I bought this swing for my 3mth old . After 10 minutes first time using it , he started crying and screaming . I ran to him , and his head was stuck between the bars ! His head was hitting the bar each time the swing moved . There is NO support what so ever for baby ! This swing is very dangerous ! I am currently working w / the company for a full refund !
 When I originally bought this , I thought it was great ! Music , lights , and a toy and swing combo with great colors . However , I soon found out that it is NOT SAFE for babies that can not hold up their head ! My 7 week old started leaning , and within 30 seconds was in a position where his head was between the frame and light stand over the net area of one side . Fortunately , it was only for a split second and he is o.k. . This may be fine for older infants , but I would not take the chance ! I brought this one back immediately !
 Please beware of this product !! We have two other swings and thought that this would be GREAT to take in the van with us . . Was I wrong !! Although our son loved the lights , I ran after our 1 1/5 year old , was out of the room LESS than 5 minutes . . our 4 month old was strapped in correctly -LRB- you should be able to leave a 4 month old in a swing . . this is our 3rd in 3 years -RRB- when we returned , he was PURPLE , hanging by his neck , his head was jammed between the seat and the bar . . this is EXTREMELY unsafe . . I agree with several of the other parents . . nice idea but the seat just pops up . A 4 month old can not even sit up by themselves -LRB- which is when you are supposed to take them out so they do n't flip forward -RRB-
 I had purchased this swing a few months and I 'm not ALL that pleased with it . It 's great for traveling around with . But I felt that the bar that goes across and above the baby 's head was in the way . Everytime I would put her in or put her out - that bar was right smack in the middle and the seat kept swinging forward . So you have to watch out for the overhead bar . Other than that , great for traveling and easy to store .
 This swing does not stay folded up when you try to carry it somewhere . The seat unfolds and when you try to stand it somewhere -LRB- like putting it down when coming thru the door with an armload of stuff -RRB- it wo n't stay propped up against anything , it just falls on the floor . The toys hit the baby in the head and the bar is too low to try to get baby out without hitting head . I do not think this is a good swing to `` take along '' . It is bulky . The lights do not stay on to keep baby entertained . Only good thing ... it is very sturdy and does swing very well .
 I bought this swing for my newborn . I tried to put her in it and the seat sat up so high that she fell over . We would out a blanket around her to prop her up but if she was anywhere but right in the middle the toys hanging down hit her in the face . I put it away for a couple of months and tried it again now that she is three months . the toys still hit her in the face and the seat is still up so high that she has to turn her head up tp even see the lights on the top . This toy was a TOTAL waste of money even for a part time wing .
 we got this as a gift when our daughter was 6 weeks old . It now sits in a corner , as it makes her cry more . The lights are too bright & make her squint . There 's nothing for her to play with . She ignores the 2 `` swimming '' fish , and the haning plastic ones annoy her , as the swinging brings them too close to her face . And the music turns off automatically after a few minutes . She 's much more content in her hard car seat ! i gave it 2 stars , due to its size , and the fact that without lights & music on , we have gotten her to sleep in it on rare occasions .
 Usually I am very pleased with Fisher-Price products . I have been using them ever since I was a little girl . This is the first product that I have been dissatisfied with . I have two children and I got the Ocean Wonder Swing as a shower gift for my last child . I put him in it as a newborn and felt it did n't provide enough support . I thought it would be better once he gained a little more head control , but again I was wrong . My son is a normal developing infant and can situp with support . He 's weight is within the required weight for the swing . For some reason , he tends to slide to the side or tilts forward whenever I place him in the swing . I 'm afraid to even turn it on because his head can slide to the side where it would hit the side bar . I think the chair does n't recline enough . It seems like the engineering of the chair to swing ratio is a little off . I do n't use the swing , it 's sits in the nursery or the playroom and my 2 year old puts her dolls in it . I feel this product is dangerous and should be recalled . I 'm not just writing so that every concerned parent can read my review . I 'm hoping that someone who 's responsible for product safety and customer satisfaction can hear my plea and do something about this product . I would love to be able to totally trust your products , all of them.Sincerely , C. WilliamsMother of 2
 This is unbelievable to me that anyone would go ahead and purchase this swing after reading that babies have been trapped -LRB- one baby found blue !!! -RRB- between the seat and support bar/rail . Just because a product has yet to be pulled from the market because there have been close calls , but thank God no fatalities , does not mean the item is safe . So when a child actually dies in this way from this product , it will be pulled from the market !!! There is more than one review stating that this swing was almost a death trap for their child . Wonderful that so many love this swing , yet more than one dangerous review , let alone one , is way too many for me and my precious child . I do n't think I want to test the waters and try it out on my child , even with all the positive reviews . I must tell you , if I had this swing and loved it , but read ALL the reviews , it would be in the trash -LRB- not a garage sale , not my local church or shelter where another child could be in danger -RRB- . Fisher Price needs to address this , and RIGHT NOW !!!
 I received this swing as a shower gift . I do have many of the Ocean Wonders line of products and have been very happy with them , but this item needs to be taken off the market . My son is almost 8 months old now and I have probably used it two times since I brought him home from the hosptial . Everytime I have put my son in the swing his head has always fell to the side and almost got wedged between the bars . THIS SWING IS A SERIOUS SAFTEY HAZARD TO ANY INFANT . Also the seat sits to straight up for a new born , if any thing this swing should be for an infant at least 6 months or older . I THINK THEY SHOULD RECALL THIS SWING AND I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS SWING TO ANY MOTHER OR FATHER !!!!!!!!!!
 My daughter loves her swing , so I wanted to try one that was portable . NO WAY ! I tried a friend 's swing and she hated it . She is use to a swing with a hard back and this one is softer than her bouncy seat . I 'm glad I tried it before wasting my money .
 I received this item as a gift at my shower . I loved the theme and bright colors . I liked the portability , but was not pleased when I put my 2mo . old in the swing . I did not like the fact that it can not recline to suit a newborn . Also while my son is very active -LRB- even at a young age -RRB- , he managed to slide sideways and got his head caught between the side bars . I was devasted to see my baby lying there with his head against the netting . Needless to say , he has not been in it since .
 This papasan has the worst support for babies . When you put the baby in the papasan it sinks down and makes the baby 's head go down to their chest . I had to put another pillow underneath her butt just so her head would n't hang . The fabric is great and soft just not enough support . Also where the head goes you can not adjust the height . So my baby 's head sat down alot lower then where it was suppost to go .
 My baby did not like this , you are not able to bounce this manually . All it does is vibrate and that is not enough sometimes for the newborn who enjoys bouncing movements .
 I , like most parents , went by the look of this seat . I recieved this as a gift when my son was almost 2 months old , he was a big baby weighing 9 lbs . 6 oz . when he was born , so therfore this seat did not last long at all . The pillow , which is not removeable , was in the wrong place , it made my son 's head lean forward . After all was said and done my son enjoyed the simple bouncy seat with the fish and lights . I guess if you have a very small infant , and you use it right away , you MAY get your monies worth . My son out grew it before he was 3 months old and he was 2 months when I got it .
 I registered for this product because it looked comfy and was n't as tacky as the other bright-colored , busy bouncers . This is a stationary seat , so there 's no bouncing -- but it does vibrate . There are no lights of course and nothing for your baby to look at -- so it 's pretty boring . I thought it would be great for a new born , but it was more work to put him in it b/c I had to entertain him even when I put him down . I put him in his cousin 's bouncy seat -LRB- Kick and Play -RRB- and he loved it . We now have a real bouncy seat , with toys and lights -- and I wish I had gotten that to begin with b/c now he 's getting too big for it but he likes it . As for the papasan , it holds blankets or sits in our trunk just to use in emergencies when we are some where and I need a place to put the baby . Go with the tacky , wild colored bouncers that wo n't match your home decor but will definitely entertain and stimulate your little one .
 This chair was awful , the nice cooshy pillow on top was not in the right spot and you ca n't remove it or even move it out of the way . It made my son snore when he was breathing because it pushed his chin to his chest . To tell you the truth I brought it to my sister in law 's house and he used it maybe a handfull of times then I left it there . He liked the 15 dollar kids II chair we got for my parents house better . I loved the looks of this too but it is really for bigger babies I think and by the time they fit comfortably they would be too old .
 The Baby Papasan seat seems to be a very comfortable seat for small babies , but once the babies get beyond the newborn stage , they seem to be too long for it . It is also a very calm seat , nothing to entertain the baby . My daughter only used hers a few times , was very bored with it . The music is very loud , I put tape over the speaker .
 This is very pretty but very plain , comfy for the small infant but once they get a few months old ... It 's boring ! The music & vibration only amuse a 4 month old for so long . I did purchase the matching swing - I love that ! My baby slept in that until almost 3 months old . I just bought a bright colored bouncy seat & my baby girl loves it . She stares at the colors & loves to bounce .
 I registered for this because I liked the comfy fabric and everyone said you need a bouncy seat . Unfortunately , the seat is too upright and the vibrations were so mild that it did nothing for my baby . I am much happier with the ducky cradle swing !
 I , like most everyone else , registered for this seat because it is nice looking and seemed like it would be exceptionally comfortable . My baby is now 5 months old and practically hangs in the harness . He also has ocassionally had these mysterious scratches on his left arm and we finally just figured out where they were coming from ... the velcro strap on the seat that holds the little toy ! There are sharp corners and edges on the very small velcro fastener . I will be taking mine back to the store tomorrow !!
 I had registered for the Papasan when I was pregnant because it was so comfortable looking and had nice colors . After my son was born I tried to put him in it and the angle was way to steep , I had to prop two bed pillows under the front leg to recline it enough for him to sleep in it . The vibration and music did not stay on long enough -LRB- 15 Min -RRB- for my son - every time it stopped he would cry . He only used it a few times before we gave up because it was just too much of a hassle . Now that he is a little older -LRB- 3 mos -RRB- he is not even remotely interested in it because it has no toys hanging on it . We bought him a bouncy seat with bright colors and toys dangling over him and he loves it . I would not recommend the Papasan until they change the design to recline and play vibration longer .
 I had recieved this seat as a gift , but I had requested it . I have been very disappointed in it . My son did n't like it from the moment we brought him home from the hospital . I feel terrible that we ca n't get any use of it . It sits up to straight . Does n't move . My son cries when I put him in it . It looks very comfortable . But apparently it is not for him . I am trying to put it to use to not feel bad that I requested it . But my son 's happiness is more important .
 Babies grow fast ... so your baby will probably just grow right out of this Papasan just as fast ... it 's great for newborns because they really ca n't focus much on anything , but quickly after a few weeks , you will start noticing that your baby will just grow bored right out of their mind ! Unless you have a play gym or some toys dangling within your baby 's site , this chair will soon be collecting dust . I admit , it was a great idea and it 's cute ! But like many parents out there , I got all caught up in the excitement of all these new -LRB- and expensive -RRB- products , I failed to realize that this papasan would soon be outgrown ! Our Papasan is folded up standing right next to our playard in hopes that it will be used again , but our Ocean Wonders aquarium has now taken it 's place ... if you have money to burn , this would be a good buy , otherwise , save your money and get a bouncer suitable for newborns .
 I must be the only person out there that did n't like this . Actually , I liked it just fine , but my daughter hated it . She sat very upright in it , and the strap was the only thing keeping her from sliding right out . All of her weight was resting on her pelvic area . It was awful ! She fussed every time I tried to put her in it , so it promptly went back to the store . When I returned it , the cashier said that my daughter may not have been heavy enough for the Papasan and that was why she sat so upright . I do n't know about that ... She was born weighing over ten pounds and this thing is marketed for newborns . Oh well , great concept , but the seat could be more reclined . We 're sticking with our Fisher Price bouncer -- love that !
 I read the reviews for this seat and thought it would be useful for my baby . When she arrived she was 21 1/2 '' , then quickly grew to 24 1/2 '' within 2 months . Her active little legs hit the music box . And since the blanket is attached on the bottom , and not matter how tucked in you make them , those legs make it a constant nuisance to hover to make sure she 's covered . Also , she never looked comfortable in this seat - it was way too high and flat of a seat that you hovered to see if she was going to tip over . I did n't want to add blankets to the top to keep her supported since thats dangerous in itself . We do have the matching swing - which is a Godsend with its giant bowl seat , but this thing is n't worth the money .
 I am a mother of 4 , I have tried sooo many `` cute and comfy '' baby chairs of just about every sort , this Baby Papasan was the least of my favorites , first of all the cushion for the baby 's head is too propped up , second my baby would slide down to where if he would kick , the back of his foot would hit the metal area where you turn the music on/off , which made it very uncomfortable for him . At the time of use , my son was about 1month , then tried it again around 4 months , both times unsuccessful . If you do decide to purchase this chair , I would recommend you to look at it first at a store .
 We thought this would be perfect for our baby and it looked so cute . That is where it has ended though . We have only used this a few times and now have a used bouncy chair that she loves . I would not say that she is an overly fussy baby but this chair is not for her . I would recommend getting one that bounces as well as vibrates .1 -RRB- does not recline enough , baby slides down .2 -RRB- the strap system is not as quick and easy to use as some . If the baby is sleeping you will wake it up when putting on .3 -RRB- music is not very loud or audible4 -RRB- Vibration is very suttle , too suttle .5 -RRB- just is too boring for a baby , the bouncy seat gives them extra stimulation when needed but not when it is n't .
 We received this as a shower gift along with the swing that goes with this . I thought my daughter would love it , but she seems very bored in it . I am going to have to get another bouncy seat . It does n't really do much .
 I initially purchased this based upon the reviews . It felt soft and comfortable ; who would n't want to sleep in this ! My princess used it a handful of times . It now takes up space in her closed , and she is only a few months old . I am debating on whether or not to even save it for our next baby . Personally , I would save the money and buy an extra swing for Grandma 's house -LRB- or the office -RRB- .
 This was my favorite thing on my registry ... I was so excited that we received it as a present . My baby doesnt like it . We can only get her in it when we are standing in front of her entertaining her . Even when she was newborn she didnt appreciate it . I tried over and over ... I finally bought her a Kick and Play by Fisher Price and she LOVES IT !!! I think the Papasan just bored her and the music is way too loud!I gave it a '' ** '' because I think some babies might like it ... it just doesnt have much staying power once they are out of the sleeps all the time phase !
 The only good thing that I can say about the Papasan is that it is cozy , and sturdy . My 2 year old likes to climb in it , but the baby -LRB- 2 Months -RRB- hates it . It is boring . No toys to look at , the vibration turns off too soon and is very minimal , and the music is loud and you ca n't turn it down ! Do n't waste your money . I thought that it looked so comfy , and it is , but that is it !!!!! Get something with toys to look at , and a volume control !
 I bought this chair for my newborn daughter . I thought it looked very cozy and was so soft . It is very stiff when you seat baby in it , it does n't conform to their shape like it is supposed to . I put it away for a few months and tried it again . She was 9 pounds at the time and 23 inches and her feet dangled off onto the floor . We tried rearranging her but she just could n't get comfortable . I ended up giving it away . What a waste of money it was !! She hated it !!
 Like an idiot , i registered for this because i liked the way it looked and i was getting the matching swing -LRB- which is great by the way -RRB- . Iwish I had talked to other moms and chosen a good bouncer ... first off , it does not even bounce ! It is stationary and has nothing stimulating about it . The head cushion props the baby up in an uncomfortable position and as soon as my daughter started to grow , she could not stand the seat for 2 seconds . It is virtually impossibe to travel with because it does not compact and is oddly shaped . I ended up just getting the Ocean Wonders Bouncer , which is fun and relaxing for my daughter and I have n't touched the Papasan since she was 1 month old . To sum it up
 I would actually give this fewer stars because we 've gotten NO use out of it ... but I think it 's one of those personal preference things . My son just does n't like it . We really thought he would - it 's so soft and snugly . Thank goodness my mom also bought us the Fisher Price Soothing Massage Bouncer . He LOVES it . I think it 's the massage feature that he likes so much . Wish I could give the papasan a better review - but my son gave it a thumbs down .
 I loved the neutral colors since it was going to sit in our living room . And the music was pleasant to listen to . Unfortunately , it did n't recline enough to support our newborn and now , at 2 and 1/2 months of age , the chair is too small for his average-sized body . Even when we managed to prop him up in it , there was nothing to keep his attention -LRB- which was something I did n't think would be an issue at this early age -RRB- . I gave up and bought the Kick 'n Play Bouncer , which not only fits him better , but keeps him entertained enough to forget about his colic spells !
 My little guy liked this seat okay if he was already really sleepy and I propped it so that he did n't slide down so much , but the vibrating feature died several weeks ago and he is only 11 weeks . We changed the battery to no avail . A rather disappointing performance .
 My husband and I bought this product for our son -LRB- our second large child -RRB- . This is a wonderful product , however , I wish that the manufacturer would make it more likely to hold the `` average '' size child . We loved everything about this product -- except the size . Our son at 23 '' and 14 lbs . at 10 wks . barely fits into this bouncer seat . We also discovered that the vibration will shut itself off which is great to have as an option but a pain when you have to continually restart it.I recommend this product for premies only . For average sized or larger infants , you 're wasting your money because you 'll be out buying a new bouncer in a few weeks.Note to Fischer-Price
 I was so excited to buy this seat for my daughter - but every time we have tried to use it she gets very upset . She cries the entire time she is in the chair . . Some of the downsides are that it only vibrates and the music function is very loud and can not be adjusted . Also it appears to be super comfy but when you put it together you realize th fabric where the baby sits does not have much give . Overall - I would recommend looking at other bouncers that have more functions to them . We will be returning this one !
 I absolutely fell in love with the Baby Papasan before my son was born . I had to have one because I thought it was soooooo cute . Well , cute only goes so far . I put my son in this seat the day he came home from the hospital and he slept so peacefully in it . After that he used it for about 2 or 3 weeks and that was the end of that . It does n't bounce like most bouncey seats so he just sits in it for about 10 minutes vibrating and listening to the music , just as he 's about to fall asleep the automatic timer cuts it off and he wakes up . The moment has passed and he just wants out of it . If this seat just bounced he would love it . He is like 50 % of all babies and likes movement . If your baby is one of these DO NOT buy this product ... it will just be a decoration next to your couch .
 I bought the baby papasan because it had nice neutral colors and felt really soft , but I was very disappointed with it . My baby only used it for 2 weeks . He napped in it , but newborns can really nap almost anywhere . We even had to prop it up with a pillow to keep him from slipping down . After the first 2 weeks , he would scream every time we tried to put him in it . It 's just too boring . It does n't bounce , and there 's nothing to look at or touch . I ended up getting rid of it because it was just taking up valuable space in the house .
 My husband and I registered for this seat when I was pregnant because it looked to us to be the most comfortable baby seat in the store . It has warm fabric and vibrates and plays music which we assumed would allow our baby to snuggle right in and be happy . We were delighted when we received it at our shower , but very disappointed in the months to comes . First of all , our baby was almost 8 pounds at birth , but was still much too small . His head bent too far forward until he was about 4 weeks . At that point , he would sleep in it when tired and needed soothing . I would say that from 4 weeks-10 weeks was the best time to use it . Once our son reached 10 weeks and became interested in being entertained , forget it . He cried and got bored very easily and he outgrew it VERY QUICKLY ! It seems that as soon as he was big enough to fit , he was too big ! We were hoping to get a few more months of use out of it and hoped to use it once he started cereal as a feeding chair . I do NOT feel it is worth the money . I love Fisher Price products and I believe that there are better seats out there for the money . Or invest in the swing that goes with this set . That is comfy AND entertaining for small and big babies !
 For our third baby , I had my eye on this papasan throughout my pregnancy and received it as a gift soon after her birth . I plan to exchange it for something else , as she is 2 months old and has never taken a liking to it - and has already outgrown it . The problems I see from a practical standpoint are that the safety belts do n't adjust to allow for Baby 's growth beyond about 11 pounds -LRB- and even that 's a stretch -RRB- , Baby has to sit high up , there are no toys to look at while Baby is awake , and the vibrate function turns itself off after about 10 minutes which causes our baby to wake up rather unhappy . The Fisher Price bouncy seat from our first baby 7 years ago is still the best seat in the house for the Baby . This papasan looks great , but does n't stand the test of time -LRB- and a growing baby ! -RRB- .
 The Baby Papasan looks so cozy for a baby . Unfortunatly my son did n't care for it at all . The incline of the seat is too steep I think . He tends to slip forward so the buckle is what is holding him in . I really wish I would have spent the $ 50 on something else . He loved his swing and bouncy chair . I would recommend getting those instead of this .
 I have a Pier One papasan chair and could n't wait to get this product -LRB- even though my husband said it looks boring -RRB- . He was right ! Our daughter barely tolerates sitting in it and , at a month old , she is too big to be strapped in since the flap does n't adjust for a growing kid -LRB- length-wise -RRB- . Totally disappointed .
 Bought this papasan because it was nice and soft and had a low vibration . Well , I have two newborns and neither one cares for this seat . It bores them . They are 8 weeks old now , so I do n't know if that has anything to do with it , but laying in the papasan is n't much different than laying on the floor . They could really care less that it vibrates . If you just want it so your little one can sleep where you are , then it 's o.k. - but unless they sleep , they 'd get bored with this .
 My son is almost 3 months old . I 'll admit I basically registered for this bouncy chair because I liked the design . I wish I would have spoken to a mom who had tried the different bouncy chairs . This chair has no features , other than a vibrate function , a music function , and a music & vibrate function . As he was and is very colicky , my son often does not use this chair . When I CAN put him down , I never choose this chair as there is nothing to entertain him in it ! I ONLY put him in it if I have a Baby Einstein DVD on . I tried out my friend 's admittedly much less fancy looking Fisher Price Kick and Play bouncy chair and my son LOVED it . He sat for about 20 minutes while we ate lunch ... and he was AWAKE ! We ordered the Fisher Price bouncy seat the next day ! This one will soon become a dust collector I think .
 I registered for this chair thinking that our son would be very cozy in it . He sat in it maybe 4 times . He is now 4 months and weighs 17lbs so he is to big for the chair now . He never sat in it for more than 10 minutes . This is our first child so I am learning what to buy and not buy . I will save this for our next baby but I know now that babys like to swing and bounce not just sit and vibrate . I think he got bored easily . I did give it 2 stars just because one time he actually fell asleep . But it did n't last but 15 minutes .
 I spent a great deal of time researching bouncers before deciding on this one based on comfort , decent reviews , and because it was fairly priced . I even said , at one point , that I wished they made a `` mommy papasan '' because it looks so comfy and warm.My 5 month old son has hated this bouncer since the day I brought him home from the hospital . He would become extremely aggitated within minutes of being put in it . I finally stopped trying .
 As a new mother , I 'm always thankful for any amount of daytime sleep that my baby takes . I put him in this seat from the day we returned home from the hospital . He loved the vibration and the music . Problem is - everything turns off after 15 minutes - which causes him to wake up and cry . I do n't want him to rely on the vibrations for comfort - but 15 minutes is too short of a time for the chair to turn off . After 7 weeks of frustration - I went out and spent another $ 50 on the Eddie Bauer relaxing bouncer - and he 's as happy as can be . I thought I should warn other parents about this chair - since it does n't advertize that it turns off automatically on the box . I would n't have bought it if it had .
 We received this as a baby shower gift and were so excited because it looked so comfy . Our son was 5 weeks premature and we thought he would love this little snuggly place to lay but he absolutely hated it . Right when our son would get comfortable the vibrations and music would just stop , and the seat ate through batteries fast . The bunny was a total waste and our son hated the music . Even the vibrations were so slight they really did not sooth him . He preferred the Fisher Price Aquarium bouncy seat that vibrated so strong I thought he would be sick but instead put him to sleep in moments.In all I think we used this seat a handful of times and now that our son is 4 months old he is too big for it . We will not be saving this for our next child so off to the consignment store it will go.I definately expected more out of this chair for the money .
 I bought this product thinking it would be a great place for my preemie to sleep . It looked all cozy and warm . Boy was I surprised . For the longest time he was to small to sit in it . I had to prop him up with three and four blankets . The way the head rest comes down it makes a baby 's back sway back . Not only did he slide in it the batteries never lasted longer than a couple of days and he did n't even sit in it all that long . I had to go out and buy another seat one that did n't have a head rest and that had toys on it . I have yet to change the batteries in that bouncy seat . Now that he is 3 months old and 12 pounds the bouncy seat somewhat serves its purpose -LRB- even though he still slides down in it . -RRB-
 I am not too impressed with this seat . My son would slide down further and further until he eventually was almost falling off ! Yes , it is very comfortable and soft but it should offer a variety of positions for reclining to avoid this problem .
 I must be the only person out there that did n't like this . Actually , I liked it just fine , but my daughter hated it . She sat very upright in it , and the strap was the only thing keeping her from sliding right out . All of her weight was resting on her pelvic area . It was awful ! She fussed every time I tried to put her in it , so it promptly went back to the store . When I returned it , the cashier said that my daughter may not have been heavy enough for the Papasan and that was why she sat so upright . I do n't know about that ... She was born weighing over ten pounds and this thing is marketed for newborns . Oh well , great concept , but the seat could be more reclined . We 're sticking with our Fisher Price bouncer -- love that !
 We registered for this seat before the birth of our second son because we thought it looked really cozy and we liked the soft colors . The problem is that he never fit right in it . It sits the baby at a weird angle and he could n't sit comfortably . We were so excited when we got it at the shower we opened it and threw away the box or alse I would 've tried to return it . I kept trying to use it hoping that it would be better as he got older but to no avail . Besides being awkward to sit in , it has no toys and no way to attach toys to it so it really provided no help to me ! We ended up using our first son 's $ 20 Fisher Price bouncer and it was wonderful and well worth the money and it came completely apart for easy storage and travel ! Go cheap on this one , but make sure it has toys or something to stimulate baby !
 This chair is AWESOME for a newborn . It 's big and soft and we thought that it was so cute that we had to prop our daughter up with rolled up blankets or lay her down sideways . The music is n't to annoying , and it shuts off in a decent amount of time.But then , like everything else ... The newborn stage ends ... And this chair loses MAJOR points . My daughter is n't quite 3 months old and the straps are at their largest point and they barely fit around her . There are n't toys to look at and she ca n't make herself bounce . It 's now sitting in the dining room and my cat uses it for a bed.This was the first thing that I bought when I found out that I was pregnant . I just KNEW that I wanted to have it . Now I wish I would have bought one that a -RRB- she could make bounce and b -RRB- had a toy bar for her to interact with . If she would have stayed small forever , this chair would be perfect . Personally , I think it 's a bit to much for the use that you will get out of it .
 I got both this and the Ocean Wonders Bouncer so I really have something to compare this to.Everytime I put my baby in this he cried , the vibration compared to the OW bouncer is so light he could hardly feel it.The seat does not move -- so you ca n't ` bounce ' the baby to soothe himThe music is VERY low it can hardly be heard and there is no volume.The blanket LOOKS great but if you have a kicker like I do it is worthless -- the little tiny velcros wo n't hold it.Boy does that rabit on it look cute -- but it will be lost or put away the first week.One thing I do LIKE about it is it turns off after it has been on for awhile so you do n't ruin batteries if you pick up the baby and forget to turn it off .
 I loved the way this bouncer seat looked more than any other one in the store of course because of it 's plush design and soft fabric . However , for the price that you pay I would n't recommend this one . I kept it because I threw the box away , but I ended up buying the Ocean Wonders one and my son just loved it . This bouncer seat does n't do anything but vibrate and play music . There is nothing entertaining about it . It is great for when they are weeks out of the hospital , but that is it . Ocean Wonders is the way to go .
 I registered for this and god bless the ones that overpaid for it !! I wanted this bouncer because it looked irresistably cute and comfortable but as it turned out my daughter thought it was a joke . Her body only 7 pds at birth fell to the bottom even with the safety strap attached and she wasnt even impressed with the vibrations or music which constantly shuts off automatically after only minutes . It doesnt take much to please my baby she has never been fussy sick or colic in fact a friend paid 1.50 for a used bouncer that wasnt fancy in the least she loves to be in it all the time . My advice , try to resist the beautiful look and softness of the seat cause it has no stimulation or enjoyment for baby whatsoever !!
 The chair is nice and nicely made , but my son did not like it at all . We used the aquarium swing more than anything .
 I bought two of these for my new twins thinking they would enjoy their own little seats , but neither one will tolerate this seat for more than a few minutes . The angle is wrong causing the babies ' heads to be pushed forward onto their chests , and no amount of seat padding or propping up the legs alleviates the problem . Also , the harness actually suspends the babies in a most uncomfortable way ... they are actually ` hanging ' on the chair putting pressure on the babies legs and bottoms . Terrible seats ... do not waste your money on them .
 I fell in love with the chair before our son was born . I quickly learned that the plushy fleece is just a sell for the parents . The worst feature - the vibration has a self timer on it and it shuts off after 10 minutes . There is no override for this ! So , before my son had even fallen asleep , the vibration would stop and he 'd wake up ! Another bad feature - the safety straps are so short ! If he is swaddled or in a fleece sleeper , I ca n't even begin to latch them . He 's only 2 months old ! I wish we had n't wasted the money on this item and plan to contact Fisher Price about it !
 I registered for this because I thought it was absolutely adorable . I have been disappointed with it though . It is definitely soft and looks like it would be so cozy and comfy . However , my baby slides down almost immediately after I put her in it . Her feet end up way off the end and her bottom is pretty much at the bottom bar . The only thing holding her in is the restraint straps which I always buckle , thank goodness . I have a small baby , only 5 lbs at birth so size is n't the problem . Also , it is pretty much only good for naps as there is n't an activity bar-not a problem for young ones but wo n't do once they get a few months old .
 When we found out we were having our 2nd child , I insisted we get the Papasan . We already have the Kick n ' Play bouncy seat and it 's great , but it does n't compact down for travel -LRB- which is frustrating - you 'd think ONE product would make the wire frame compact down -RRB- . As well , from an adult 's perspective , the Papasan looks so cushy . Once we put it all together , here 's what we found
 I loved this seat the minute I saw it and received it as a shower gift . My daughter napped blissfully for the first month of her life but now that she is 3 1/2 months old she has very active little feet and cut one of her heels on the box that controls the music/vibration . I would n't recommend this seat -LRB- or any others with the control box placed by the child 's feet -RRB- for long term use .
 This is by far one of the nicest LOOKING baby seats out there . I received a barely-used one as a pass-along-gift from my girlfriend . Now I now why it was barely-used . Her son did n't like it . Neither did mine ! I did n't get it -- it was warm , soft -- he did n't care and wanted nothing to do with it -- preferred this hideous baby seat every time . The back is very flat - so I never felt like the baby was really `` in '' a seat , more like leaning on it . This may work for much smaller babies , but at 8 lbs. , my baby was done with it by week 3 .
 I received this as a shower gift . We thought it was the coolest thing . We were very wrong . We tried it with my daughter when she was just a few weeks old , and she did n't like it . We thought maybe she was too young for it , and tried back several times throughout the next few months . She is now 4 mos . old and still does n't like it . She gets bored when she sits in it , the music is not very interesting and apparently the soothing vibrations are not very soothing . When we turn on the vibrations she gets a very uncomfortable look on her face and then starts crying -LRB- which she never cries -RRB- . My advice would be to get a bouncy seat with an entertainment bar or a rocking bouncy seat .
 I got this item as a gift for my son . He could not have cared less about it . There is nothing wrong with the product , but my baby simply did not care for it at all . By the time I would get him buckled in he would be squirming to be picked up . There are no toys on the seat , the bunny doll is useless , and my baby did not like the vibration . It was easy to assemble , well packaged , and the seat itself is very plush . Other children might care for this but I would suggest buying a swing or a bouncy chair instead of one of these sit alone chairs . In my opinion it is too hard to have your child sit in a small seat on the floor while you sit on the couch or in a chair . My son would much rather be at the same height as me . Since a toy like this is only good for approx . 5 months I would suggest spending your money on something more usefull .
 Beautiful , comfy looking , great music ; BUT my baby has no leg room . Her feet hang over the edge . The angle of the seat leaves baby sliding down and out . The seat straps do keep her in . She kicks her feet a lot , and her legs would smack down hard on the hard surface at the edge of the seat . Beautiful start , but needs modification . I think this would have been better for a baby with short legs who is perhaps less than 4 mo old .
 I put the papasan on my baby registry after looking at all the bouncers in the store b/c it looked so comfortable . But naively I was only thinking in terms of my own non-baby experience , and mistakenly thought my baby would love how soft it is . I was majorly wrong . My daughter is 3 months old & she has never been interested in this & will wake up and cry even if i put her in while she 's sleeping . I 'm taking it back to the store & buying a regular bouncer . I would recommend that instead of the papasan .
 I bought this for my son who is very fussy at night . He likes the vibration for sleeping , and will only sleep if he is in something like this . It is very pretty , and cozy and soft . I loved it at first . Then I put him in it for the first night . He woke up every 30 minutes and I got NO SLEEP . I discovered the next day that all functions automatically shut off after 15 minutes . WHAT GOOD DOES THAT DO ME ???? When you have a fussy baby who cries all night , you do n't care about battery life . I would replace the battery every hour for a good nights sleep . This went right back to the store . Do not buy this if you actually want to use the vibration function . Who puts there baby somewhere to sleep for 15 minutes ?
 I registered for this swing in July of this year - at which point it was `` temporarily '' out of stock . It is now Thanksgiving and my baby is due in the next two weeks and this item has yet to be in stock !!! I have checked in the store and online weekly and even began calling Babies R Us each Tues. & Thurs. the days they recieved shipments . I 've called Fisher Price and they stated that they can not sell directly to the consumer -LRB- which is a loss for them -RRB- and that Babies R Us is the ONLY place that I can purchase it . I 'm sure this would be a great swing IF I COULD ONLY BUY ONE !!! My second choice in a swing is also a Fisher Price model that is perputually out of stock as well -LRB- AND is also only available at BRUs -RRB- ... seems like Fisher Price is n't all that interested in actually SELLING any swings ! I have money - do n't they want it ?
 After reading the reviews , I registered for both the papasan and the kick and play . My son was a preemie , and at 4 1/2 lbs. , I had expected this seat to be great based on the reviews . Unfortunately , he did not seem to care for this seat AT ALL . His head was pushed forward by the head rest , and there was no way to remove it or push it up , out of the way . I tried to put him in the seat off and on for over 3 months , as he grew to over 12 lbs . At no point did he tolerate the seat for more than 10 minutes . The music was a bit loud , the vibration seemed okay , but he had nothing else to entertain him and looked completely uncomfortable . The blanket was in the way and the bunny just blended in to the fabric , so I do n't think he could even see it . He has enjoyed his kick and play to no end . I would recommend that over this seat any day , especially considering the price !
 my 2 week old loves the cuddle but the vibrations scare her . she loves to drive in the car which always puts her to sleep but not these settings . They should be able to go from mild to strong instead of only one setting for the vibrations .
 This item only seems to want to stick to perfectly square corners . If your corners are beveled , molded , or any deviation from a box corner they will pull away . I got them for the color and high rating , and thought them expensive for a cheap piece of foam . Turns out that I was right about them being expensive for a cheap piece of foam . They are not cast molded . Instead , they are an L-shaped corner bead that is cut , folded and glued to form a corner . As a result , when I taped it down to a beveled furniture corner the glue seams split . Stick to cheaper box store models ; you 'll get the same results for half the price .
 First the positive -- the brown cushions fit our coffee table perfectly , will definitely protect our lil one from injury , also they are aesthetically pleasing.However , the tape is completely horrible and considering you need the cushions to stay on -- this is a significant issue . Both my husband and I messed with the tape for nearly an hour before we were able to get it to stick , and even now , I am fairly certain that my daughter will be able to rip these off .
 I got this jumper second hand , and free . I was really excited to put my baby in it , since I loved doorway jumpers when I was little . Well , he does n't jump hardly at all in it , which I saw another person say is because the spring is n't sensitive enough . That seems likely . He also can hardly seem to stay upright in it . He gets off to one side so much that his head comes within an inch of the door frame . If you want this as an interactive toy for your baby to keep them occupied and safe while you leave the room for a minute , I would definitely not recommend it . I have heard the Graco one is much better and I plan on trying that next . I do n't trust this jumper without someone sitting right next to my baby , and he 's 7 months old and over 17 lbs ; plenty big enough for it . The only good thing is that it has velcro on the front so that you can attach any toy you 'd like . I hear the toys it originally came with are no good , but at least that 's interchangeable . I still would n't recommend this jumper , even if it was free . I 'd rather spend money and get one that is more safe for my baby so I can leave him in it while doing dishes etc. .
 I bought this for my nephew . Not only was this dangerous but he screamed his head off . I do n't recommend it but every baby is different .
 I have returned this jumper . It is the first baby toy I have returned.My son is 4.5 months old and loves the Fisher-Price Jumperoo . We wanted a lower-priced and different -LRB- for variety -RRB- toy for my parents ' house . Unlike us , they have doorways appropriate for a doorway jumper , and this one looked so colorful and fun!Complaints :1 . My son did not appear comfortable in this toy . He was constantly leaning to one side or another , never balanced .2 . It looks like it would be adjustable to almost any height , but really there is velcro only on a small part of the cord , so it does n't adjust much at all .3 . The toys are silly and did not interest him at all .4 . It just was n't very springy . He flies around in the jumperoo and could barely jump at all in this toy.I do n't know if the problem is doorway jumpers versus jumperoos , as I have not tried another doorway jumper , so I did not give the single star I think the product deserves . But based on my experience , I would NOT recommend this jumper .
 i bought this for my daughter at 4 1/2 months -LRB- its recommended for babies 4 months and up -RRB- she would never really jump in it so i thought she just was n't the jumping type . i was sad that i had wasted $ 35 . i continued to place her in it , because she did n't hate it , she would just sort of sit there . well i came across a graco jumper for really cheap so i decided to try it out since ive seen children have so much fun with these ... and she LOVED it . she jumps around like crazy in her graco . the way the spring works on the graco is much more sensitive and you dont have to do much to bounce around , with the sassy you do . Also the graco supports on both sides and the back while the sassy only supports one on each side which makes your baby lean toward the side and is n't level . this sassy is more of a bucket seat so your child will also sit very low and my daughter was unable to have her arms out , the graco sits higher and my daughter can play with stuff on the tray . i dont know why sassy even adds those toys to the front when a child ca n't even grab them . i recommend the Graco Jumpers that come with a tray in front .
 We bought this after our 5 month old really like jumping in a different jumper at Grandpa 's house . This Sassy Jumper was the only type we found which had a clamp that would fit over our crown molding -LRB- we have a house built in 1900 -RRB- . That is the only plus I can see about it.the cons
 This is the first baby toy that I have absolutely hated . Our son hated it , too and we returned it . First of all , it is really hard to bounce . Our son is 7 months old and bounces like a ball all over the house and could n't bounce on this jumper . Second , getting him in and out of it was a minor feat . He cried every single time , no matter how gentle we tried to be . Finally , the way it hangs , he rocks from side to side and spins around in circles . He loved the spinning to a point , then it got him really upset because he could n't control it.We returned it and bought a Graco and he loves it .
 Sassy Seat Doorway JumperPoorly designed jumper . My daughter is 6 months old and did not like this jumper at all . What they do n't show on the box is that the ropes attache to a bar that is straight across so if the baby leans to the side , the seat tips and the opposite foot comes off the floor and they are lop-sided . My daughter did n't like the off-balance feeling and would cry . Not a great design for stability . I also noticed that on the front of the box , they photoshopped the rope on the left side oft he baby so that it does n't show it in front of it 's face . The ropes are right in the way and really frustrated my daughter . She could n't get to the toys so those were kind of useless if using with the jumper . I was just really disapointed , especially for the price . Try the Graco Door way or one of the floor jumpies .
 I just recently went through researching all of these baby proofing products to figure out what I wanted to use for my home . I knew that I wanted the complete outlet cover , not just the little plastic plug in things and I purchased the kind that the outlet twists when you put in a plug and then when the plug is pulled out , it twists back to a closed position . I purchased these at my local hardware store -LRB- i.e. HOme Depot , Lowes -RRB- for only about $ 2 a piece - a huge savings considering I have about 40 outlets I and covering . The maker is Safety 1st . They are so easy to install , even with my little 10 month old crawling around `` assisting '' me ! The one thing I did notice is that if I over tighten the screw , the thing wo n't spring back into place easily -LRB- it gets stuck on the backside somehow I guess -RRB- ... so just be aware no to over-tighten . The outlet cover has already worked for me . My daughter unplugged a cord from the outlet and then proceeded to grab at the holes , but luckily it is closed and she is safe .
 This product is an okay item , but I do n't like the fact that it does n't have anything to close it on the outside , for example
 Unfortunately this bag has not worked for us . Although a magnetic closure is appealing , in reality it does not hold well enough . This causes the bag to often be bulky because you can not pull the flap down and secure a closure . This also causes the flap to sometimes open when you are taking the bag out of the car , moving it around etc. , because the flap hits something and does not stay closed . This is not convenient when things start falling out and you are trying to pick them up when carrying an infant . In addition , the inner thermal bag to keep a bottle hot/cold is nice if you use it , however when you are breastfeeding this pouch is in the way , and it is NOT removable . Not a good bag !
 I was happy with the diaper bag when I got it but have not had it long and the zipper part broke causing the flap to keep coming off now I have to get a new one dont invest in this diaper bag .
 Originally I had this bag in black and instead of pink and blue flaps , they were both black with different colored stripes . After only a few months of using the bag , the zipper that attaches the flap broke . Avent customer service was terrible - they basically told me there was nothing they could do for me . Long story short , I ended up with a replacement through the shop it was purchased from , so now I have the brown one with blue and pink flaps . This time the zipper has held up okay , but there are still lots of complaints I have about this bag.First of all , I do n't find it big enough for carrying what I need to for two kids . Four diapers , some wipes , an extra onesie , my wallet , and the changing pad it came with , and I already feel like the bag is bulging . And when it bulges , I ca n't set it down on the floor or car seat without it tipping over . That brings me to one of my biggest gripes about the bag - it does n't close securely . The top flap that `` closes '' the bag simply goes over the top and magnetically sticks to the outside of the bag . It 's not a tight closure and so when the bag tips over , it comes open and everything falls right out . I 've dropped my iPod -LRB- on a hard garage floor ! -RRB- out of this bag , my wallet , my camera , all sort of things . When it 's on my passenger seat , if I brake too hard , the entire contents ends up on my floor . Next time I definitely will pick something with a zipper closure . Not to mention that dirt has collected on the outside of the flap , creating two dirty circles where the magnets are and making my diaper bag appear to have nipples.Other things I do n't like about this bag
 These blankets are a little too warm since it is a flannel-type material . When you follow the swaddling directions , it is like having 5 flannel blankets on top of her -LRB- count the layers -RRB- , and when we unwrapped her she was all sweaty , even in the AC . We had to make sure the AC was on 70 degrees every night . She slept better when swaddled so we did n't mind paying the extra $ $ on the electric bill every month.I love the size of these blankets , they were perfect for swaddling . But if you are not a good swaddler they will break free of it , I know because she would break out when my husband wrapped her but not when I did.This blanket is also really cute , I would have to say our baby did look really sweet when wrapped up in this blanket.The blanket was soft when I first got it , but with several washings they are becoming rougher . I stopped using them and moved on to the miracle blanket which is made of a thin cotton material . It is not as cute but it is much more practical .
 These blankets are a little too warm since it is a flannel-type material . When you follow the swaddling directions , it is like having 5 flannel blankets on top of her -LRB- count the layers -RRB- , and when we unwrapped her she was all sweaty , even in the AC . We had to make sure the AC was on 70 degrees every night . She slept better when swaddled so we did n't mind paying the extra $ $ on the electric bill every month.I love the size of these blankets , they were perfect for swaddling . But if you are not a good swaddler they will break free of it , I know because she would break out when my husband wrapped her but not when I did.This blanket is also really cute , I would have to say our baby did look really sweet when wrapped up in this blanket.The blanket was soft when I first got it , but with several washings they are becoming rougher . I stopped using them and moved on to the miracle blanket which is made of a thin cotton material . It is not as cute but it is much more practical .
 These blankets are a little too warm since it is a flannel-type material . When you follow the swaddling directions , it is like having 5 flannel blankets on top of her -LRB- count the layers -RRB- , and when we unwrapped her she was all sweaty , even in the AC . We had to make sure the AC was on 70 degrees every night . She slept better when swaddled so we did n't mind paying the extra $ $ on the electric bill every month.I love the size of these blankets , they were perfect for swaddling . But if you are not a good swaddler they will break free of it , I know because she would break out when my husband wrapped her but not when I did.This blanket is also really cute , I would have to say our baby did look really sweet when wrapped up in this blanket.The blanket was soft when I first got it , but with several washings they are becoming rougher . I stopped using them and moved on to the miracle blanket which is made of a thin cotton material . It is not as cute but it is much more practical .
 # 1 this stroller does not fit in any car # 2 do fold it , you have to remove the seats # 3 it is extremely dangerous . they have to stop selling it . the stearing mechanism broke at about a year . luckily my wife was a block away from the house and the neighboors had to help her bring the kids home . imagine being stranded far away !!! 4 . the turning radius is extremely wide . you have to move back and forth , left and right 2 or 3 times before you can make a turn
 Used this stroller for less than one year . I live in the North East so it was used only a few months last summer . Our problem is the front wheels are tilting inward and front wheels roll off . I purchased replacement wheels - all four cost over $ 115 . It did not solve the problem . I have a 2 year old and 1 year old twins . I thought the stroller was a good investment but it was not . I am back searching for another stoller and I 'll admit this stoller is a great concept but it is a Poor Design . My children 's combined weight is probably less than 80lbs . With the cost of this stroller , it should last much longer . Peg Perego go back to the drawing board because once you have survived twins or lord bless , tripletts we do deserve much better than this product . The Peg Perego website provides for `` authorized repair shops '' , the link does not work and if you read other reviews it has not worked for two years .
 This product is adequate but has a couple of significant drawbacks . On the plus side , it keeps the front child dry . On the negative side :1 . It does n't fit well if you have the extra seat attached at the rear and reclined . If reclined , the rear part of the cover tends to ride up over the back of the seat allowing water to run into the rear seat .2 . It is difficult to pass items to the child in the front seat , eg . drink , snack . A front access zipper/panel would be a great improvement .3 . It is cumbersome to put on which exaggerates the access problem
 After much research we decided on this bank to help teach our children about money management . I love the overall look and concept of the bank . Once we received it we broke the lids in a matter of minutes . They were too hard to put on and take off . The only way we could open the lid was to break it . Now the lids are basically useless and just sit on top of their compartments . It is also VERY hard to get the money out . After we broke the lids and took them completely off -LRB- they are on some sort of plastic hinge -RRB- we still have a hard time getting the money out . the openings are too small for even my small adult hands . You ca n't tip it over because then all the money will fall out of the other compartments . Overall I am disappointed and am looking for a new bank .
 I love the overall concept of this bank and will continue to use the idea of Save/Spend/Give for my daughter 's allowance . The quality of the bank is terrible though . The flaps that are supposed to allow you to access your money are made of a stiff plastic -LRB- not rubber -RRB- and they therefore are nearly impossible to open . They are more impossible to close . When I was pushing the bottom flap closed -LRB- just with my fingers -RRB- on the Save compartment , the clear plastic completely cracked , broke off and fell in . We now have the flap duct taped shut . The top flaps were finally pried open with great difficulty -LRB- no child could open it -RRB- and now they wo n't close again at all.Great concept ... poor execution .
 These leaked all over the place . My baby swallowed air and I would not recommend these AT ALL .
 My son refuses to drink from this bottle . I like the idea of glass . I just which it came with a softer nipple .
 I just hated the Baby Bjorn . It was so hard to figure out all those buckles and I did n't like how my baby 's legs just hung down . It looked awfully uncomfortable . We were both happier with a plain old fabric sling . You can also nurse in a sling and it 's more comfortable for the baby to sleep .
 I thought I was buying a new product , although the placemats were unused , there was no original packaging , they were placed in an ordinary zip lock bag . . this was embarassing to give as a gift , especially in view of the price ! I was dissappointed .
 The quality of the product is great and it stays on properly . However , I 'm giving 2 stars as I expected to receive various design of Winnie the Pooh like the photo shown but ending up getting one design for all 50 counts .
 He never enjoyed `` eating '' food through a piece of mesh fabric . It was better to just cut the fruit or whatnot into small pieces and let him eat it that way . Nice concept , but it did n't work for us .
 This is way too expensive for its purpose . Since the bag are too hard to clean , they are basically disposable by necessity.It 's much cheaper and easier to buy unbleached cheesecloth , cut into squares , fold into quarters , put the food in a corner , twist and secure with a plastic clamp -LRB- like the kind that was on your baby 's cord at birth -RRB- . These are truly disposable . I get hundreds of uses for the same price !
 Just received the box that the chair arrived in today . Opened the delivery box to find a very dirty box the chair was encased in . Finally got the chair out and noticed that there were certain scratches on it as if someone had used it . It was on the plastic so I did not mind it . Then I noticed that there was also some sticky marks on the green cushion . Hmmm ... ? To top it off , the logo on the front of the tray is faded . What is the deal Amazon ? If I wanted to buy a used seat , I would have gone to a garage sale !
 I received this glider as a shower gift and hoped to have the same great experience that most reviewers have had . However , I find the glider to be overly loud -LRB- not the music , but the motor -RRB- . In addition I find the motion to be jerky rather than smooth as the name suggests . My baby does seem to enjoy the gliding motion sometimes , hence the two stars . However , the motion is so jerky that when the baby has just eaten , I can not put him in the glider with motion or he 'll spit up his milk.Also , I agree with the previous reviewer who mentioned that the base is so heavy as to make moving the glider or using it on a table impossible or at least not feasible .
 I got this for my baby shower and was excited to try it out . It is way to BIG as well as expensive . I used my swing and bouncer much more than this . Save your money and buy a swing and bouncer . It will be money well spent .
 We got this as a present when my first son was born . We tried over and over again to put him in it but every time we did , he got fussy and cried . We 'd move him to the swing , and he 'd be happy and fall asleep . So ... we put it away for our next child.We had our second son a few months ago and again , took this out . Again , just like our first son , our newborn did n't like it . We kept trying until our son was 4 months old and he never liked it . So ... we gave it away .
 We received this as a gift , and my daughter did not like at at all -LRB- at least she did n't seem `` soothed '' to me -RRB- . The movement was way to slow to soothe her and was not smooth like rocking -- unlike swings , it does n't work from momentum , so it seems jerky to me . It is heavy , hard to move , and loud . She much prefers her swing , and it actually takes up less space .
 Well , I guess every kid is different . I saw reviews saying their babies love it and can be soothed to sleep , not the case with my son or daughter . They can sleep in it , but if they are awake , they would n't want to stay in it and neither the gliding nor the music would please them . It 's still ok as an infant bed . So now it 's in our living room as a spare infant bed for my daughter .
 After reading all these great reviews , I made this buy . This product did nothing for either of my babies -- in fact it made them fuss , which was not their normal behavior . It did not move fast enough at all ! The swing is far superior , so I do n't get the point of having this . It takes up too much room as well . If it moved a lot faster or vibrated , it might be useful , but I would n't recommend this at all .
 We purchased this glider for our newborn daughter instead of a bouncer . It worked wonders for us , especially at night . By 3 weeks she was sleeping 7-8 hours at night in it . We were quite upset , however , when the motor that moves it back and forth died 6 weeks later . I called Fisher Price and they stated that it was n't a common problem . I expected that I baby item that cost $ 70 would last a little longer .
 I purchased this for my seventh child and she absolutely hated it . I read the other reviews that 's why I purchased it . It did not soothe her to sleep , like most babies she liked to be rocked not moved side to side . It was very loud and annoying , very heavy and hard to move from room to room . A Complete wast of money , not recommended . You are better off with a papasan swing .
 I got this glider based on the tons of great reviews on Amazon , but was so , so , so incredibly disappointed when we got it . First of all , it 's HUGE . Secondly , it 's increeeeeeedibly loud . Not the song - the motors working . I could n't believe it ! We tried it two times with my son and he hated it . I could n't fathom turning this on because of the noise . Try to go and hear it for yourself before you buy it ... . perhaps if you 're looking for white noise , this would work for you . I saw the dimensions on the site before I ordered it , but it 's much bigger than I anticipated . I would n't recommend this to anyone .
 What a great idea for a product ! My son LOVES this glider , but after use the cloth has stretched out , allowing the fabric pocket at the bottom of the product to slip off of the bar . My son could have slipped through and been seriously injured by this product . I did contact the company , who claimed the product was not defective and offered me the option of purchasing a replacement cover for an additional cost . I was hoping the company would be a little more concerned about a potential problem with their product , so it loses stars based on entrapment risk and company customer service -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- .
 Buy the Bobby travel swing . There is one for a boy and one for a girl . It is low to the floor . It collapses a stores easily . I bought that huge swing that had all the bells and whistles on it . It was the baby soothing center . I had it ready for my little girl when we brought her home and she hated it from day one . We tried for months . I took her to my sisters house and put her in my nephews Boppy travel swing and she fell asleep like that . I tell you it is between 50 and 70 bucks and goes every where with you . A great thing to have that does n't take up a lot of space . All these other swings are a waste of money .
 We purchased this in 2008 after our oldest daughter was born because of extremely high praise from a friend . Our oldest hated it . The box was destroyed , otherwise we would have returned it then . I did think it may just be her and the next baby might enjoy it ... I was wrong ! The seat itself does n't seem to be very supportive at all as it is just fabric wrapped around the metal frame . It does n't seem to glide fast enough , even on the high setting . So , after two strikes I thought I had to write a review . If it had a vibrating function , it might be better because you would be combining good features from a bouncy seat and the movement of a glider/swing . Bottome line ... I wish I would have kept the box !
 This was a gift given to me before the birth of my 4th child . It 's well built and sturdy but just does n't do the job . The glider is way too slow to lull my baby to sleep . For the price , is just is n't worth it .
 I put my two month old in This glider and he could n't stand it !!! Was way too loud when it moved & really not for moving everywhere if you 've been on your feet all day .
 First off my newborn son hated this glider , my wife and I also disliked the glider . This glider took up to much floor space , and was to heavy which made it difficult to move it from room to room . our son grew out by 4 months . We hardly used the glider , maybe 7 times , and now its broken . this was a complete waste of money !
 We bought this for our 1 week old baby . Here are our findings :1 . Babies cry - thats the only thing they do . If a baby has to cry , she will cry even if u put her in this glider . If u want to buy this glider to calm ur baby , then its an absolute NO . If ur baby is crying , do pick her up and she will stop instantaenously . Putting a crying baby in this glider does not work at all .2 . Too slow to put a baby to sleep - If u want ur baby to go to sleep in this glider - then let me tell u - the trick is not going to work . This glider is too slow to put a baby to sleep on her own . You want something faster to put a baby to sleep . Best of all I would recommend , hold your baby , put her to sleep and then put her in this glider .3 . In our 1 month usage , we figured out that this glider does help extend the sleep time of ur baby by about 30 minutes - if she is in her sound sleep - not when she is dreaming -LRB- babies tend to do this more -RRB- . May be it will help older babies sleep for longer duration but that is it.Advantages : Sound is not too much . At least it doesnt disturb a sleeping baby.Looks really good.We never felt our daughter ever liked this because she was in it only when she was sleeping . When she is awake , she doesnt want to be in inside it.We finally ended up buying a swing from Fisher price . In the swing , the baby does go to sleep . Best of all , even if she wakes up , she will go back to sleep on her own . The noise is much lower than the glider . Its fast and does serve the purpose.I would recommend a baby swing over this glider.Thanks .
 This product is not versatile nor effective enough for me to recommend it . We got it as a gift and I tried using it every day for about two weeks and my baby would just look at me thinking `` are you crazy mom !? there is NO way I will sit still in this ! '' She would just squirm around trying to get out . It is much too slow to do anything for a baby and is bulky and ugly and heavy as well ! I got a lot more use out of the Baby Bjorn Sitter which is a little more money but my baby likes it , sits in it for at least 10 minutes -LRB- that is a lot for her ! -RRB- and it folds flat and does not require batteries .
 Well , as others said , this cup does n't leak from the valve/spout . However , it DOES leak from the seam where you screw the top to the cup . We have two of these and they both leak from there . We 're tossing it .
 This cup is impossible for myself and my husband to open ! We were only able to use this cup once since it never opened again . I have a friend who is having the same problems with this cup.Also it is not what we were looking for it is to spill proof I was looking for a cup to transition from the playtex straw cups to a regular cup . I wish we had removed the valve before giving it to my daughter .
 Most toddlers will throw a cup now and then and these leak when they do , period . I prefer the Gerber/NUK brand for not leaking .
 I ordered this item a couple of months ago and the main reason is that I really like the idea that it 's insulated . My 19 mo old daughter has been using the NUK sippy cups and had no problem with it . But since they are n't insulated , I always need to wrap them in a small towel just so my bag does n't get wet whenever we take it for short trips.Anyway , just this morning I gave DD her new Playtex cup and added maybe 2 blocks of ice to make her drinks a little bit cooler but after few minutes the bottle started to `` sweat '' . . I am so disappointed !! Now i have to find a different cup !
 I ordered these cups because my elderly mother frequently knocks over her drinks . They are nicely insulated and fit the hand well . However , when knocked over they leak . Granted , when they hit , only a couple of drops fly out . But if left on their side they seep liquid . It also takes a lot of effort to sip the drink . I am returning them because they are advertised to be 100 % leak-proof and do not solve the problem of spilled beverages .
 We have a few of the older version of this cup and really like them . But the new locking mechanism thing is annoying . I have a hard time getting them open and when my kids are screaming for more water or milk , it 's super frustrating . I wish they had not changed the cups .
 I bought these sippy cups after I saw that my daughter 's daycare used them and how much her daycare provider raved about them . I love that they are insulated , cute , and especially that they are actually spill proof.After and emergency room visit with my 18 month old this past week my opinion on these sippy cups have drastically changed . I no longer care if a sippy cup is cute , insulated or , spill proof . All I care about is that it is safe for an active toddler to use.My little girl while scooting off her seat -LRB- low height -RRB- fell catching herself with her hand that held the sippy . The sippy ended up breaking the skin under my daughter 's jawline so bad that she needed 2 layers of stitches-a total of 15 stitches.I know the possibility of this happening again is probably slim to none but I felt the obligation as a mom to let otherr parents whose little ones use these sippies or are thinking of getting them are just aware of a possible safety issue with this sippy and an active toddler .
 i wanted this chair to work , its nice and light and packable . it arrived looking VERY beat up with no slip from the store ... which should have been my first warning . i tried to put it together , but there is a piece of metal inside one of the bars that makes it impossible to put together . annoyed that i have to return it , and go through lots of research to figure out how to do so .
 Fabric is very thin . Bought for my 7 month old grandson but he likes to jump up & down while eating & I was afraid the seams would rip .
 My children used to have a chair like this back in the 80 's . I thought I was getting something similar . Not true . After trying to put it together -LRB- I do n't understand why the customer has to do this -RRB- my grand daughter -LRB- 3 months old -RRB- could not even sit up in it because it sank like a camp chair . The picture on the advertisement is very disceiving . Not happy with at all .
 I really should 've read the reviews on this , but I did n't see how I could go wrong . It 's described very well and the pictures really sell it . I think I may have gotten one of the defective ones because the arms that I got did not look like the arms in the instruction booklet . There was not sufficient space and they were too close together in length . Once I put it together , there was no way to fit it onto my table without possibly breaking it or the table . It stuck at a ridiculouly high angle and would not go any further . I hope I have better luck with the next brand I try because I hate the 5 ' tall rolling highchair that we got as a present . For now , I am content with the bumbo . Amazon is going to take it back as defective and refund me the shipping .
 This chair has n't fit on any table that I have tried . Bascially if there is any skirt on the table , it wo n't fit . Great price , but not worth the money if you ca n't use it .
 I was looking for a hook-on high chair that was n't too expensive and was easy to clean . I purchased five of them since I am in a childcare center . In the first couple of days , two of them were broken . The spring loaded arm that tightens to the table broke off . They are , however , easy to take apart to clean . Since these chairs were relatively inexpensive , less , the lesson is learned , YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR ...
 I really like the idea of this chair and really wished it worked . Our dinning room table is odd , the extensions pull out from underneath , so i was n't too surprised it did n't work on that table . I was surprised that it did n't fit on our kitchen table , which is just your standard small kitchen table . I also tried to on our computer desk just to see and it did n't work there either .
 I was looking for a chair to use at grandma 's house , and ordered this one . At home we use the Phil and Ted 's Me Too everywhere we go , and love it in every way . We like to have the baby at the table with us . The Regalo is clunky , difficult to install , the fabric feels cheap , the baby sits too low and his head hits the metal piping on the top of the chair . He cries whenever I put him in it . This chair is going back .
 This worked fine for 8 months until the arm that pulls up to latch to the table would no longer securely lock in place . I also had the same problem fitting to my table as others . There was only one spot it would work because of wood ledges under the table . I would not buy this item again .
 I was attracted to this product for the price and needed something that was portable enough to fit in a suitcase . Well , it does lay flat in a suitcase , but when using this for the first time , my 14.5 lbs daughter slipped through . After reattaching the side velco securely , she slipped through again . The velco is just not strong enough , and I ca n't believe more people have n't commented on that . Unless you are planning on sewing the sides down permanently , do n't buy this .
 This cute little chair seemed like a good idea , I have owned a chair like it in the past , however the arms are so long that they will not fit on any table in the house . It will however fit securely on the bar . I had mine in the olden days when the chair was covered with something like flannel backed table cloth . You could hand it anywhere and wipe it clean after each use.Now they seem to all be made of something cozy which is nice and all but also harder to clean . I sent mine back and am still looking for the chair of my dreams for less than $ 50 .
 I received this travel picnic seat as a shower gift . The first time we tried it use it we were disappointed that it is only for thin picnic tables . We live near National Forest land , where picnic tables are a good 2 inches thick . So we put it away and made due with our laps while we ate dinner . The 2nd time we tried to use it I followed all the assembly directions and attached it to the picnic table . -LRB- At this campsite the table was 1.5 inches thick . -RRB- My son started screaming so I went to get him out . It is difficult to remove your child because there is n't much space to use your hands to unbuckle him/her . When I took the chair off the table one of the pins that holds the bottom frame to the rest of the seat broke in two pieces . Again we made due with our laps while our very active baby grabbed at forks , knives , beverages and table food.We bought a Ciao Baby portable high chair as a replacement - more expensive but it 's for kids up to 3 yrs old .
 After the great reviews I bought this to use for 2 months when we would be away from home . The unit has 2 poles that are meant to be slided into each side of the chair to keep it attached to the table . One pole went on fine . The other one would not slide on , no matter how hard I tried -LRB- which scratched it up too . -RRB- I stuck my finger inside the pole and there was metal poking into the middle , effectively not allowing the other pole to slide into it . I ca n't use this so have to return it , hope the next one works better !
 This chair will not work with our table . I wish we could have known what table sizes work with this product before purchasing it . The price was great but I am disappointed with this chair . If you are trying to purchase a hook-on high chair , I would suggest purchasing a different product .
 This chair is okay . It travels well , folds up nicely , and stays secure . I never had a problem with the straps or my children falling out of it . However , the seams came apart after only a year of use . We did use it daily instead of a standing high chair , so I suppose if this seat were only used for travel , it may last longer . I actually ended up going through two of them because I ordered one , used it until the seams came apart , then received one from a relative who was n't using hers . I 've had it for less than a year , have used it less , and the seams are still starting to come apart . I guess it was n't just my bad luck the first time ! I also was n't thrilled with the lack of support in the back . It was n't until my daughter was tall enough for her head to reach past the top bar that she seemed to sit comfortably . I have since ordered a new rigid hook-on chair for my son . The point
 The chair came with two left arms and can not fold up as advertised . It 's been nearly four weeks and I am still waiting for the manufacturer to make good on this error .
 I was hopeful that this chair would be nice , but the poor quality of fabric was really disappointing to me . The chair felt very flimsy and weak , it made me nervous that it would last ... I have an Eddie Bauer hook on chair for my oldest daughter and ended up finding another one of those to purchase instead of this one . The low price and reviews lured me in to getting this one , but I ended up returning it . I was hopeful to like this chair , but I did not want to invest in the poor quality .
 Needed a hook on to save room . The reviews said that this could be used on a table with a skirt and I have a table with a 3 1/2 '' long skirt that is 1 1/2 '' from the edge of the table . The skirt wasnt a problem but the high chair would not hook on securly at all !! We tightened it as tight as it would go and the top pieces on the table were n't even flat and tight on the table ! Also , the hooks on the bottom were n't even touching the bottom of the table ! It was tight , yes , but we were able to wiggle it right off without a problem , not safe at all . And very flimsy - the metal bars that hold the chair together were very loose and the whole construction of the chair would shift from side to side - just scary ! I guess you get what you pay for - I have no idea how anyone else had better luck than we did ! I really liked the iglesina high chair - much more secure and sturdy , but sadly it did not work on my table because of the skirt .
 We bought this as an alternative to a large high chair . After only 6 months of use the fabric is already tearing . Also , because the velcro is not completely covered , crumbs get lodged in the velcro strips and are very difficult to remove . We are replacing this chair today . It is great for occasional use but not as long term gear .
 The back bar hit right at the back of my daughter 's head and the seat-belt fell apart the second use when I was buckling my perfectly still sitting baby . It 's a mess and it does n't travel easy . I went out and purchased a Fisher Price booster after about 2 weeks of having this seat . Have n't looked back since .
 The chair was hard to install on my table -LRB- see other reviews -- similar situation here -RRB- , and once secure my daughter 's face was practically in her plate without even leaning forward . It 's like putting your driver 's seat in your car in the full upright and forward postition . She looked SO uncomfortable that I threw this thing in the closet and bought a traditional high chair . The idea of this soft , comfortable seat that is lightweight and portable was great , but it is n't functional . If you decide to purchase , good luck ...
 I love the concept of this chair , and my 11 month old son adores it . It would be great for once in awhile use , but it is so difficult to clean with everyday use.The puffy cover comes off and you could clean that , but the rest of it does not . The cloth arms get so messy , and food gets caught in the crevices . I wipe it out after every meal , and hose it in my sink every couple of days , but it does n't keep it clean . If you could remove the cloth to clean it would be fabulous . I plan on looking for another seat that is simliar , but easier to wipe down . On positive side , it is easy to hook up , the seatbelt is a 5 point harness so the child stays in securely , and it adjusts to a variety of table widths .
 I was excited about this purchase because of the cost , look and child restraints . However , I am very disappointed . The chair only works on tables that are two inches thick or less . I think you 'll find -LRB- like I have found -RRB- that most dining tables -LRB- whether in restaurants or in other homes -RRB- are thicker than this . Also , even if the tabletop is only 2 inches thick , the underside of the table still has to be free and clear for this chair to work . Most tables have another wooden support immediately under the tabletop that also renders this chair unusable . This is only a safe purchase if you have a single , specific table in mind and know this chair will work with it . If you 're looking for a universal high chair you can keep in the car and take anywhere -- keep looking !!
 I was pretty excited to get this chair because I was tired of tripping over my 12 month old daughter 's high chair . It was going to be nice to have her eat right at the table with us . I had some trouble attaching it to our table . With our style of table -LRB- hidden leaves -RRB- I could n't attach the chair without having at least one leaf up and in use . Once she sat in the chair , she sank to the back . There is absolutely no back support . It was like having her sit in a plastic bag . I rolled up a towel and put it behind her and she was a bit more comfortable . Needless to say , I returned the chair . It just was n't worth the hassle .
 The welding was poorly done and one of the arms could not fit in the sleeve until it was grinded down.Regalo Easy Diner Portable Hook-On High Chair
 After reading the mixed reviews , I decided to give this chair the benefit of the doubt and was so excited when it came today . I have a 1 year old and nanny two other babies during the day so I was desperate for something to make mealtimes a little easier . I opened the box and put the chair together only to realize that the arm pieces of my chair did n't match the pictures in the direction booklet . the lower arm that is supposed to sit under the table is welded so that it pokes up higher than the upper arm - it 's impossible to use as the arm position propels the chair at a freakish angle and wo n't latch onto any surface . -LRB- I tried to attach some pictures to show this but it wo n't let me -RRB- . After messing with it for an hour trying to find any way to make it work , i took it apart and packaged it back up . I 'll be sending it back this afternoon . Such a disappointment . Do n't waste your money .
 This baby seat was very disappointing . I was not expecting it to be so complicated and time consuming to attach to the table . I bought it to take out to eat . It would be very difficult to handle if you were holding a baby and a diaper bag . It can only be attached to a table that does n't have a wood piece attached to the table top . It has be be screwed on to the table also . I gave it two stars only because the material was sturdy .
 I think the chair would serve it 's purpose for a little while but the way the arms go together and fold for storage/travel seemed way too cheap for me . The paint on the metal was scratching off when I twisted the arms to fold it . I only tried it on a counter so I ca n't say how it works on a table with a skirt but I returned it and spent more money for a better made chair by Phil & Ted called MeToo . The Phil & Ted chair folds flatter than this one and is lighter but does n't come with a travel bag where this one does . I can live without the bag for a chair that seems safer to me . And the MeToo chair does go on my table with a skirt .
 This chair did n't get the child high enough above the table . The childs chin was about level to the table and the child is a year old . Not a good purchase unless your child is rather tall for his/her age .
 I bought this thinking it would be great to take to grandparents houses and restaurants . Unfortunately , it does n't work well on a table with a skirt . I have yet to find a table that it works on , so it is really useless . A portable high chair or booster works better .
 I wanted a portable chair that we could take to restaurants vs using a nasty high chair . It is portable but it DOES NOT FOLD up . You have to dismantle the arms . I would not have bought this chair if I knew that beforehand . Otherwise , it is good alternative to a high chair . I forced the arms to close and stripped the metal . It broke but Regalo sent me a new one with great customer service . It is very sturdy once on our counter and easy to get her in and out . Our baby is 8 months old and I think we can use it for a long time .
 I wanted so much to love this seat . We purchased it months in advance of actually needing it . The time came to use it and it was wonderful . Baby was safe and secure and seemed to be comfy . The second time we used this when the adjustable arm that puts holds the seat down had the fastener just completely pop off . I wish I 'd waited to buy it so that when it broke I would 've been in the return time frame , I guess I really wish it had been a little more durable .
 I own this high chair and would not recommend it . If budget is a major constraint for you , then yes , it does work . But , it became well used looking and ragged far too soon . It does n't fold up small enough to reasonably be carted to restaurants and kept in the car . It is small enough to haul to a friend 's or relative 's once in a while , though . It is too big to for airlining , as it would take up precious luggage space.I prefer the Chicco travel seats , or even better , the Phil and Ted 's travel seat.Unlike other reviewers , I have to say , it DOES fit on skirted tables . My table has about a 4 '' skirt and it works . However , getting it on is a puzzle . It 's not a hard one , but the first time it took my a minute or two to figure out how to wiggle it just right to get it on.This is decent enough to be passed along as a freebie , but even with careful , limited use , it 's not nice enough now to resell . : -LRB-
 This wo n't work on most tables that have a skirt or that expand as the skirt and the slide rails for expansion get in the way .
 This product looked lovely in the photo , and I was very much looking forward to receiving it , especially due to the overwhelming number of positive reviews . However , upon receipt of the chair , I was extremely disappointed . The fabric is exceeding flimsy and tare-prone ; the harness is thin and weak ; the area where the harness comes through the back of the seat has a very sharp and rough glued-off edge ; and the darned seat wo n't even work with a standard kitchen table with skirting . Save your money , and buy something else . You get what you pay for .
 We got it for the price and unfortunately , we paid the price ! It does not fit most tables and it 's a huge pain to put on and off ! We regret it ! We bought a fisherprice booster with a tray and love it ! Do n't waste your money !
 I bought this chair for a vacation and to use at restaurants at home . My baby does n't fit comfortably in restaurant high chairs , so I was looking for something more comfortable and safer . The fabric is nice and the chair is well padded . The straps are great and secure . BUT I could n't get it onto the tables . I tried 5 different tables . If the chair went on , it was difficult to manuever . Most tables just did n't work because the table skirt was too big or because the surface under the table would n't accommodate the chair . I returned it because it was too frustrating to drag it out and have it not fit .
 We used this product for less than a month and the middle strap that is crucial to the structure & safety of the high chair came un-stiched and my 9 month old daughter slid right through the middle and onto the floor .
 This wo n't fit on my counter because the bottom arms reach so far forward . The item description should include specifications for surfaces to which this chair will attach .
 I recently purchased this item and returned it it was not sturdy at all . When my oldest child was in a high chair we purchased this and used it with no problem . Perhaps the materials have changed . I returned this and ordered the BabyGo Chair from Evenflo .
 I can not even believe that Target sells this piece of junk chair . I purchased two for my twins and both chairs broke . The tention pin broke off of both of the chairs within a couple days of using them . This product does not even deserve one star . Please save your money .
 I do n't actually own this product but just saw it at Target when contemplating which hook-on chair to buy . The fabric is very cheap feeling and it felt like it would n't hold up well to lots of use . The Chicco traveler chair is more expensive but a lot nicer in terms of ease of fitting ot the table and the fabric . There is also more padding for the LO . If you are only going ot use the chair once in a while this one is probably fine , but if you are looking to replace a traditional high chair for full-time use , I 'd say splurge and get another brand .
 This high chair came bent so it would not attach to the table . The top bars need to be parallel to the bottom ones for it to attach , and a flaw in manufacturing made the top bar at a 45 degree inward angle . I tried to bend it to fix it , but in the process the holes warped , so I can not use it at all . I contacted to vendor to tell them about the problem , but they never responded to me to help me in returning it .
 This past Sunday , our daughter -LRB- 6months -RRB- fell out of the chair . The seat gave out and swung backwards so that she fell fowards , first hitting her chin on the table , then completely forward/down . Because she was strapped in , her legs were still in the harness and she was hanging upside down from the chair . She then continued to fall to the ground face first.The harness was propperly attached to the table and never moved . But the fabric that makes up the seat wraps around the harness via velcro , and the velcro became undone . I would really caution parents using this chair , we were scared to death when it happened . If you already own this chair , I would at least recommend re-inforcing the velcro on either side .
 I also saw the great reviews and thought for the price this would work great . It 's terrible !!! My 11 month old daughter , that only weighs 18 lbs . fell right through the seat within a couple of minutes . The sides are just attached by velcro ... yep velcro . Luckily , we did n't trust this product and stayed right close just in case . Ya , we gave it the benefit that it was built better than it looked but it 's not . It was also extremely hard to hook to my countertop -LRB- with no lip -RRB- and it did n't sit flush on top which means little fingers could get pinched . This product is getting sent back !
 I ordered this chair in March 2010 so it 'd arrive by the time my infant needed it . It was to arrive in late April , then early May , and now the ETA is July or August . Do n't waste your time . Apparently amazon.com ca n't deliver on this item and should remove it from their site .
 This chair is absolute junk . It was welded improperly so that there is no way it will fit on any table . It does n't matter how thick or thin or skirt or no skirt . I owned this exact model chair from 2003-2007 . It was better quality fabric and the metal was welded together properly . It did eventually break , but after 4 years of hard use . This latest version , while it looks the same on the website , it garbage . I only gave it 1 star because I had to , in order to complete the review ... . but it deserves zero stars .
 We bought this just to leave in the car for those times we would unexpectedly need a portable high chair . Having a similar Chicco chair we expected this one to have the same level of compatibility as we have never had a problem with hooking up our other chair to any table . As it turns out this chair does not work at all with table tops that are either too thick , or have a lip near the edge . This is a huge issue , and although the chair looks reasonably well built it does n't matter if you ca n't actually use it . Needless to say we will be exchanging this for a different model .
 I was very excited about having a portable high chair for my grandchildren . I had a different brand for my own children and loved it . However , after only a few moments of sitting in the chair , the velcro came loose , and let my 26 pound grandchild fall -LRB- dangling in the harness -RRB- . This may work well for smaller children . I was very disappointed .
 I am a huge advocate of reviews ; and read them religiously ! I purchased this item a tad unsure because of the mixed reviews . I should have went with my gut-instict ! My infant is 18 pounds and fell right through this . Thank goodness I was aware of some of the reviews of this happening so I had a chair underneath and positioned him very carefully . There was no way at all to keep him in this seat . It is very poor quality .
 This is a very dangerous product . We just had a seven-month-old baby push one side of the chair off the counter top . If someone had n't been sitting right next to him to catch him , he would have been injured . The under-counter latch was engaged and tightened . That metal post slides right out of the plastic gizmo that touches the table . It should be recalled . Ours is going in the trash .
 Ordered two , one as a gift and one to keep . Supposed to fit tables two inches thick , however does n't fit over the edge/trim of most tables . Had to bend part of the frame to get one to work at all . Keeping the one we used , will try to find someone whose table it will fit the other goes back . Going back to Chicco Caddy Hook On Chair , which I had bought previously , a bit more expensive but it works as advertised and fits virtually every table we 've tried it on .
 This is an awful product made with good materials ... what a waste ! It does not fit will on ANYTHING except a totally flat board . I have no tables like that , but if YOU do , I would still not recommend putting a child of any age in this seat . I bought two and returned them promptly .
 So I was really excited to use this chair for my daughter . Especially for the price . For some reason when assembling it , just one arm did n't want to go in . I thought maybe the paint was too thick for the pole to insert , so I started to scrap the paint off , but it ended up breaking . I did n't even get to use it . I wish I would have just saved the money and bought a better quality one .
 This product does not fit my kitchen table . My table has a skirt that does not allow this product to work as described . No where in the product description is this mentioned . This may work well on many tables , but I 'm still only giving it one star due to unfounded claims by the company of fitting almost any table . I would guess that many others have had or will have the same problem . Regalo needs to be more clear about this products limitations .
 Bought this for a child at daycare when we go to the beach would not fit on the picnic table I had to return it
 We got this as a gift of our amazon baby registry . I was excited about it because I want a hook on type high chair for our baby for home and maybe travel . However , we are n't able to use it because the parts do n't fit together right . We are sending this back to amazon and looking for another one .
 After spending many hours checking out hook on high chairs I choose this one for my 20 month old grandson . We were all excited about having him at the table with us instead of in a high chair . When it came I had no problems attaching it to our table and he loved being at the table with us . Two months into the use of the chair we all sat down to dinner and half way through our meal my grandson was laying on the floor under the table screaming . The stitching had let loose on the cross strap and he was dumped on the floor . He scraped his face on the way down and I was horrified . I had gotten one for my daughter to use as well so after taking care of my grandson we immediatly checked hers to make sure it did n't happen to him again . Her stitching is double stitched and is still quite secure . I guess I just got a pig in the poke . Reguardsless I have to give this chair a poor rating .
 This thing seemed great , but it did n't even last a month . Poor construction , hard to use , not recommended at all
 10 years ago I had two different clip on high chairs for my kids , and I loved them -LRB- different brands from each other , and different from this one -RRB- . I purchased this one for my sister in law with her new child . The distance between the top support pad and the bottom support pad is nearly zero ! What table thickness does this chair fit ? I ca n't imagine a table with zero thickness . I took the chair for its debut into a restaurant , which had five different table styles . It fit NONE of them . I do n't even see how the chair fits on the table shown in the picture . I think this might be a case of a manufactured item leaving the factory without the specifications being checked by quality control . I am returning it . Of all the items I have purchased at Amazon , which are more than one hundred , I am returning something for the first time .
 I bought this high chair for my daughter about 2 months ago to use at our counter while we work in the kitchen . She was still too small for it so we put it away until last week . We tried it out with her last week and found that the Velcro holding the seat on loosened so she fell out . We thought it had to do with the way we had attached it since we put it close to the edge which pushed on the Velcro . We tried it again and it seemed fine so we packed it up to take with us to visit family.When we put her in it at my pediatrician sister 's house , the Velcro immediately started to loosen and within a few minutes , I was holding on to her as someone unstrapped her so she would n't fall on the floor . My sister is in trauma and sees a lot of accidents so she was about to start digging for their old high chair . When I took the chair off the counter I realized that there was a sleeve on either side for the metal pieces of the high chair to slide through . Since my husband had assembled it I had n't seen these previously . These sleeves would hold the seat securely so that baby would n't fall out . The velcro was just holding the seat pad in place - great since it made the chair usable and very secure.Missing these sleeves is way too easy to do and therefore I am giving this chair only 1 star in the hopes that others will be warned . Since the pad comes velcroed over the sleeves and the sleeves are quite tight , they are easy to miss following the instructions that come with the chair .
 This chair has the right idea , but I guess you get what you pay for . The price seemed right . How bad could it be , right?We returned it . Do n't buy it . Find the old dicontinued Graco Tot-Loc on ebay or at a consignment store and buy it no matter what you have to pay for it . You 'll be glad you did . Even a used Graco is worth the extra money .
 I should have taken advise from the reviews that said `` It does n't fit most table tops . '' First of all , it 's NOT sturdy enough to dangle a baby off the side of a table . Secondly , the ONLY table in my house that it would work on was my glass breakfast table , and I for sure was n't going to put my grandson hooked on a glass table top . So , if you want to save yourself a trip to the post office or wasting your time sending out a review on how this does n't work , please trust me , you DO N'T want to buy this hook on chair . Lastly , when it arrived it was scratched as if I got a return from some other person who returned it .
 Important info left out of the details of the chair ... wo n't fit a table with a skirt under the table top . I tried this chair on 3 different tables and unfortunately would not fit . I am returning the chair . They should have put better details in the product info .
 I ordered two of these chairs for my daughter 's little ones . It does not say anywhere in the description that there can not be a lip/skirt on the table . Of course both of my girls have lips on their tables so chairs will not work . I have the ` lobster ' chair and I luv it ! It too can not have a lip or skirt on the table but my handy hubby rigged it so it was flush under the table and now it works awesome . These Regalo chairs can not be rigged the same way . I find my ` lobster ' chair made much better , sturdier and easier to clean . My daughter said when she plugged the one end of the arm into the chair to put it together , it scratched terrible ... just do n't think this chair is made as well as the ` lobster ' chair . I guess you get what you pay for !!
 We ended up using this high chair 3 times and then it broke . I wish we would have spent a little more money on a product that would have lasted longer .
 This item was light weight and easy to put together and carry around just like a travel seat should be , but I found the quality very very low . I was never able to actually use it because it was a defected item and the arms that sit on top of the table were welded on upside down . Just by putting the chair together the paint scraped off making the chair ugly and not desirable any more . Glad it was a defect and I was able to return it , because I would have regreted having bought it .
 I purchased this highchair for a camping trip this summer . When my husbad attempted to assemble it , he noticed that one of the pegs -LRB- very important function -RRB- was loose and would not stay latched . The highchair was completly unusable because of this so we had to send it back . Overall , it was poorly constucted and I decided to upgrade to the chico portable highchair instead which is more diverse any way . Thumbs down on this one .
 I was first disappointed in the delivery.It took close to a month for me to receive the product and 2 phone calls to the shipper.When I tried to put the chair together , where 2 metal sides slide together to form the arm ... one side had pieces of sharp metal in the arm where it had been welded.This prevented the two pieces from clicking together.I attempted to file down the pieces and was able to snap the pieces together , but they did not click in place and now will not disconnect!I did try to fit the tableonto my kitchen islad , which is a big farm table.The chair will not fit , as the table is thick.I then tried it on my dining table , which is thein , but with a lip running underneath so it wo n't fit.I am sending it back.Very disappointing !!!!
 Lots of reviews complained that the seat is flimsy , unsafe , and/or does n't work . I have no issues with those - I feel it is a pretty sturdy seat , and I also believe that my babies are pretty safe in the seat . Problem is , they wo n't sit in it ! Maybe I 'm doing something wrong - it does n't seem like other reviews are having this problem , but my babies are miserably slumped down in the seat and knock their head on the top support bar . They are able to sit independently and are average size 10-month-olds . They do n't mind sitting in their regular high-chair at home , but the second we get these things out at a restaurant they start screaming . I 'm so disappointed - I really wanted to use these to keep my babies out of filthy restaurant high-chairs and to have baby seats for visiting friends/family .
 It does not work on any table . The top and bottom pieces that attach to the table look like they are backwards . Can not get a baby in it .
 I bought the Regalo high chair to use when we took my 9 month old to visit his great-grandma . Needed something compact and portable since she lives 20 hours from us . It has a draw-string bag to carry the chair in and lays flat ; it packed very well in the vehicle . We first tried it on the bar counter but the clearing underneath the counter was too short for the arm underneath to mount . So we tried it on the dining table , did n't work at all because the table has a decorative wood border that hangs down below the table top - there was n't enough space between the chair 's bar that sits on top of the table and the bar that goes beneath the table - if the table was completely flat without that part hanging down , then I 'm sure it would have fit and worked very well . I was extremely disappointed that this chair did not work for our use . It looks like a well made , sturdy chair . Need less to say , I returned it , was a waste of money for my use .
 Nice product except for the fact that it does n't fit on our table . Seems like an inflexible design . Maybe it needs a height adjustment on it ? We 're going to return it and try again ...
 I bought 1 for 3 different people and it only fits on 1 table ! It 's hard to get on and off also . If your table has any sort of lip on the edge , it likely wo n't fit . It also wo n't fit tables more than 2 '' thick . It is more flimsy than I expected also . I have a hard seated one that is much better .
 This is a good idea , poorly executed . I had a similar seat for my kids , so was happy to get this for the grandkids . However , this one is larger to travel with than my original seat , it does n't adjust to fit on my own kitchen island due to the thickness of the counter top edge , the seat cover is padded , flimsy nylon , which is impossible to keep clean , and the seams raveled out almost immediately , leaving large holes . It did fit on my son 's granite counter , and they have used it , but an internet search yielded no results for a replacement seat cover . The company never responded to my request for availability of replacement seat covers , so we will soon be throwing it away . My advice would be to look for a seat that has a more durable cover .
 This chair can not be used on a table with a skirt that is wider than a few inches . It does not work on our farm house kitchen table , which has a five inch skirt , or on our dining room table . It works best on picnic tables or tables that are just an inch of so of flat surface sitting on four legs that are close to the center . This is very important information to disclose because many people have tables with skirts and this chair is useless in those cases . If it does not work on my sister 's modern table , which does not have a skirt , I will return it . However , I have to disagree with another reviewer about the material . I was actually surprised at how sturdy it seems . Can not comment on the quality of the straps , however , because I have been unable to attach it to a table .
 As a mother of two with limited space in my kitchen the hook on booster seat is the perfect option . However , this Regalo seat is not compatiple with my table , countertop or those of my mother or 2 sister inlaws . After trying this in 4 homes we decided it was n't worth the hassle . The problem came where there was n't enough clearance on our table for the chair to fit securely , or the lip on our breakfast bar was too thick for the safety levers -LRB- ? -RRB- to even screw on . Also , there is a 5 point harness which in my opinion is overkill . We ended up purchasing the GRACO and loving it . simple 3 point harness , fits ANY table we put it on , can take it out to dinner and it is appropriate at all restaurants we have tried . Hope this helps .
 My friend has this chair and we use it alot when we visit her for my son . Now we are having another baby , and I didnt want to buy another high chair , so I purchased this ... when it came it appears to be manufactured incorrectly ... the metal bars are welded on to the supports at the wrong angle , so therefor it doesnt work correctly ... I am very displeased with this purchase and plan on returning it .
 I purchased this twice ! The first one I bought had a spring pin -LRB- under the mattress -RRB- fail . So , I took it back and got another one because I loved the concept . My under 40 pound daughter fell out of bed because yet another spring pin failed under the mattress . When I went back to check on her later in the night , the rail had failed again , only my daugher had not fallen out of bed yet . If the product does not keep the child in bed , what is the point ?
 The Regalo bed rail assembly easily snapped in half while my two year old leaned against it.This is an unsafe product and the Regalo customer service representative -LRB- Wendy -RRB- contacted was rude and thoroughly useless . Do not buy this product .
 I just purchased the Regalo Bed rail that drops down . There was nothing in the manual that explains how to drop the rail down . I called customer service -LRB- 952-440-1950 -RRB- and spoke with Heidi and she was extremely rude and condescending . After I spoke with her , I tried to bring the rail down then the bracket that feeds the strings fell out ! I will not be purchasing any products from them ever again !
 Just wanted to pass this on . We bought this bed rail with the double side add on and it has been a nightmare . Assembly was fairly easy but the locking bars slide together with spring-locked tabs . The tabs face upwards so when you put the mattress on top it pushes the tabs and unlocks the rails . Right now we have it tied in place with twine !!! Have contacted the company and they state that the spring tabs have a high failure rate . Great design but POOR end results ...
 I bought this bed rail because there were only two I could locate for sale and the other had awful reviews . This one claims to be & quot ; portable . & quot ; Ha ha ha . Turns out the & quot ; portable & quot ; portion only works if the only beds you use are against a wall on one side . There are three separate sets of instructions and it 's not clear at first that you have bought one product and not three . Assembly requires two adults and took me about one and a half hours -LRB- I 'm an engineer !! -RRB- . The legs that go under the mattress frequently detach and loosen . Putting them back together requires two adults . So if you 're home alone with a toddler you 're stuck.My daugher does n't roll much in her sleep so I do n't think she 's rolled against the side much . I 'm afraid the legs will loosen if she does . The legs loosen every time I make her bed or bump into the rails .
 My daughter almost ha her finger taken off by this bed rail . We had to have the fire dept come and get it out . She was just climbing into bed and somehow got her finger stuck in the metal corner that the top rail slides into . If your rail has any gap at all there I would n't use it as it can be very dangerous to a young child . The rail that slides under the mattress does n't have this so we have that one now and it is so much safer .
 I am really disappointed in this product . It seemed great . . fairly easy to install and ok to travel with . HOWEVER , after just 2 1/2 weeks of use and one time traveling and putting back up , the plastic latch on one end does n't work , which means that the rail WILL NOT STAY snug against the bed . Defeats the whole purpose . And , the top rail is leaning out slightly now , apparently from the hinge that folds up for travel -LRB- which was used properly -RRB- . I am returning this an hoping to find something better . How hard is it to make a rail that is SAFE ? Frustrating !
 I do not recommend this product due to the fact that when using both sides of the bed rail it can come apart underneath the mattress if pushed against . We use both sides of the bed rail on a full size bed for our two girls -LRB- ages 3 and 18 months -RRB- . My 18 month old fell off the bed after she rolled against the bed rail because the button mechanism that holds it together between the mattresses does n't hold securely . Fortunately she was n't injured . It works fine when using only one side of the bed rail but I do n't recommend it when it 's necessary to use both sides .
 We recieved this item today -LRB- had to order two because our daughter 's queen size bed is not up against a wall -RRB- . They ended up sending two different models , even though we ordered two of the same model . So that was a bummer ... and they looked slightly different too . Then when my husband installed them , they just barely reach over the top of the mattress . The description states that they will fit a queen size bed and the length is OK , but these rails DO NOT work for deeper mattresses . It 's not going to keep our daughter from falling out of the bed . Now we 're back to square one again .
 it came with 2 of the same parts & the guy sent another one & it was wrong again ! each time i had to wait 11 days for the wrong part . now he is sending me a new one & it has been 12 days . my daughter is without a rail and this company is awful ! poor customer service and next time , come with the right parts !
 We had a very difficult time installing the the bed rail - not hard to put together , but running the straps under the mattress was a chore . When it was finally in , we discovered that the top of the rail came only about 4-5 inches above the top of the mattress . It was obviously not intended for thicker mattresses . In addition , the bottom rail was not long enough to stay in place . We returned it immediately .
 I was really happy to find this product as I was scheming to build one myself out of an old adjustable desk lamp . We have our first baby and we 're really stressed out . The idea of being able to have something hold a bottle in her mouth , especially as we 're changing diapers , seemed like a miracle.The problem , though , is that the clamp the secures the arm in place breaks very easily . We actually ordered two of these arms , one after the other , and the clamps both broke within minutes of use.With the first clamp , it broke when my wife was in a hurry to grab the baby . I did n't see what happened , we were both so sleep deprived , and my wife has a tendency to be sort of hard on appliances like vacuums , dishwashers , and so forth , that I assumed she pushed the arm too hard . After all , the thing got in the way of a mother and a crying baby.I got in touch with the manufacturer about a refund . They were a little hard to get in touch with , and we went back and forth with a lot of email . To give them credit , they did make a good effort to get in touch , but at this point I was working full time and getting almost no sleep , and I just did n't have the energy to deal with this , so I let it go . I decided to just order another one instead . Five minutes on Amazon was less hassle than God knows how much time and energy I just did n't have.The next one showed up and I took very special note of its care . The clamp broke in exactly the same place within minutes of fastening it to her crib . If you just move the arm after it 's fastened , the clamp with break.So , I do not recommend this product at all . It 's really a shame , cause all they would need to do is reinforce the clamp with metal , or just replace the clamp entirely with some sort of metal . I 'm sure it would increase the price , but hell , I 'd easily pay $ 100 for this thing if it actually worked.Hope this review helps .
 the product that was shipped was NOT what was pictured . . sent it back . . having a hard time finding the ones in the picture , very disappointed it was not the item in the picture .
 I did not like these cups . I brought them home and rinse them out and filled them with juice and my daughter did not like them and kept asking for juice and everytime I gave her the cup she pushed it away so i tried it and they are kind of hard to get the juice out even thought i pinched the valve like the instructions said and they started leaking all over my couch and i could n't tell wear it was coming from and i took the lid off and wiped it dry and the cup and it still leaked and not just a little bit there were puddles i would have to wipe dry . I thought they were a bad batch but I have bought the dora big kid cup with the spout and they did the same thing . so apparently they all do it .
 I love my P&T stroller , but I was very disappointed with this item . Granted , it is described as a fanny pack , but it is floppy over the handlebar and does n't support drinks well . It feels like the bottle will fall out , so I never use it with my child in the lower double seat . Waste of money . Should 've listened to reviewers and bought the Bob drink caddy .
 This caddie does carry your stuff , but it 's pretty darn ugly . The logo is huge across the front and not cute .
 This item is good looking but fell apart after a couple weeks of light use . The problem with the product is that there is only solid wood top and legs but where you screw the legs into is partical board . Thank heavens my husband is a carpenter and was able to fix this my replacing the partical board . I would n't recommend this product .
 I purchased this table a couple months ago for my son for Christmas . I opened it right away to make sure I had all the parts to assemble and found that I did . I put it away until just yesterday when I got it out to put it together . Maybe it was just the bad egg of the bunch , but the holes that were pre-drilled were too big and the screws could not be tightened . Every other piece of the table is made of wood except for the supports , which are made of poor quality material . Now it is only a few weeks before Christmas and we do n't have a table to give our son . In addition to the fact it was a poor decision of Lipper International to use the material the chose to construct their supports , it is a liability . This table is intended to be used by children and when the supports ca n't hold the screws to keep the legs attached it is an accident waiting to happen.December 8 , 2009Just wanted to follow up with my review . I called Lipper International about my problem and without hesitation they are sending me a new table top ! I am so happy about that , because it is a Christmas present for my son . Hopefully the new table top will be as good as the chairs were . Thank you Lipper for a no problem solve !
 Received this set and took everything out of the box and noticed the chair was broken in half . That was fine , we just sent it back and Amazon overnighted a replacement . Took everything out of the new box and was happy to see everything was ok . Got the 2 chairs put together so very easily , then started on the table . The screws split the wood on the second leg we tried to attach . There was no salvaging it . It was completely wrecked . So we are giving up on this set . I was going to give it a 4 star rating because it seemed so very nice and also easy to put together , but after having to ship it back twice , this only gets one star . So dissapointing . Will be buying a cheaper little tikes plastic set that we do n't have to assemble I guess . You ca n't buy anything good these days .
 Received this set and took everything out of the box and noticed the chair was broken in half . That was fine , we just sent it back and Amazon overnighted a replacement . Took everything out of the new box and was happy to see everything was ok . Got the 2 chairs put together so very easily , then started on the table . The screws split the wood on the second leg we tried to attach . There was no salvaging it . It was completely wrecked . So we are giving up on this set . I was going to give it a 4 star rating because it seemed so very nice and also easy to put together , but after having to ship it back twice , this only gets one star . So dissapointing . Will be buying a cheaper little tikes plastic set that we do n't have to assemble I guess . You ca n't buy anything good these days .
 My son & nephew both received one of these sets as a gift . In both cases the pre drilled holes were too large so that the screws could not be tightened .
 This table lasted maybe two years . The screw on the table stripped and that was it . I was able to tighten it once before they stripped which means they are now useless .
 I ordered this table and two chairs , along with two matching chairs under a separate stock number . Of the total of four chairs , three were fine . The forth had a factory misassembly . The parts could not be assembled as delivered . I had to remove the under-the-seat brace , drill new holes and reattach the under-seat brace to get the leg assembly to fit the chair properly and to properly align the predrilled screw holes in the leg assembly . The table assembled OK , but the top had a split in it . I had to repair the split , sand and refinish the table top prior to giving to my grandson . This table/chair combo is of very poor quality .
 Hello , I purchase this set during a Lightning Deal for $ 100 , and after reading great reviews of the product on multiple websites . However , I regret buying it because it is not well made at all . When putting the table together , some of the Philip screws heads were stripped and I had to hammer screw bits into the heads in order to get enough contact to finish the job . The chairs were less troublesome , however , the back slats were loose in place because they were a couple of millimeters too short . Both the table and chairs wobble as well . My advise is to look for another set without any negative comments , regardless of the star rating.Regards , Ian
 Do not buy this product . I assembled the chairs first , and they were fine . The table is impossible . The screws are too tight and do not go all the way in . My husband and I made an effort to follow their instructions and tighten the screws with a Phillips scredriver after putting liquid soap on the screws , etc. but to no avail . We gave up thinking we will try later . But as we straightened out the wobbly table , we saw a deep crack -LRB- either already there or created due to our efforts to screw in the legs -RRB- that started from the edge , and ran a quarter of the way through the diameter of the table . Junk .
 We bought a Lipper brand table 1.5 years ago and it has never been sturdy . Although the wood is of good quality , the construction is not . The holes were not drilled properly and the legs are all cock-eyed and constantly move around . We have one little girl and she is not rough with furniture . We are already looking for another table . I HIGHLY recommend buying another brand . I would put zero stars if that was an option .
 This was very disappointing . Paid a lot for what I thought would be a good quality child 's table only to be very disappointed . There was an obvious defect in the wood that ran down top of table.I would not recommend this product .
 I ordered this set for my son as well as the 2 extra chairs . I opened it to find that there was not only a bad stain job on the table top , it was also cracked . There was a spot that did n't get stained as dark as the rest right in the center of the table . You would think that would n't pass Quality Control before they sent it out . Guessing the crack happened during shipping , there was hardly any padding in the box despite containing the table and 2 chairs . Also , the color is red , not anywhere near cherry or what is pictured . I 'm not paying an additional $ 50 for espresso color and also they do n't sell the extra chairs , so I 'll have to live with it . I hope the replacement is better . Disappointing , as I was not able to have this in time for my son 's birthday with the damage . Will update review after the replacement comes .
 I purchased this table for my girls for christmas and the bolt has stripped on one of the legs
 I just bought it a week ago . One of the screw for the chair can not be fasten at all , remain loose . It appears that the hole is too big for the screw . Table is far from be sturdy . The set looks nice but not safe .
 This set is very dark , reddish stain and I would consider it more like a mahogany than cherry . The finish on the top of the table was rough and irregularly applied.I returned it and kept the `` pecan '' finished table even though it is more like a natural cherry than Pecan colored .
 I was so happy when I received this table , but when I tried to put it together , it just drives me nuts !!! It 's impossible to get the any of the screws to go all the way in . I tried rubbing soap on the screw threads and that almost get the last screw I tried to go in but it still got stuck -LRB- and the screw head was stripped so I ca n't drive it in any further -RRB- ! I gave up and now I 'm not sure how to return such a heavy table , after spending all these money . :[ ... -RSB-
 I ordered this because we love California Baby and we love the `` Calming '' shampoo and body wash the most . I would give the product 5 stars , normally . BUT , I found a *** 19oz *** bottle at Target for only $ 19.19 -LRB- including tax -RRB- ! I paid nearly $ 4.50 MORE for a bottle with 1.5 ounces LESS ! I have to suck up this error because Amazon would charge me to return it , and it 's obviously not worth the $ 5 shipping to get my money back .
 Had it hung up for one day and one of the ties on one side broke off . The tie parts are sewn on poorly .
 This item looks very good and I was going to order it until I looked at the description which says it measures 1 '' by 1 '' inch . this is obviously an error and needs to be corrected if it is going to sell . I would order it if I need the accurate dimensions .
 I recently purchased the Combi Breeze Highchair Carribbean . Assembly was n't so difficult , a little confusing though when atttching the legs of the highchair . I find that the buckle is very difficult to open . When the toy is not in the tray , it is difficult to clean out the food that gets into the slots that hold the toy . The brakes are difficult to adjust with my foot because the levers feel a bit flimsy . I really thought the chair would be a better quality .
 My set was arrived dirty , with some stains on it . Instead of going through the returning hassle , I had to have it cleaned before use . The quality of this cribset is so-so , comparable to $ 80-100 sets that you can find in local babiesrus or target store . But no way it can cost close to $ 200 . The listing price is misleading .
 We have 3 other older children and had to start all over with baby items , so we recieved this as a gift . Our son has been very alert and active since day 1 and this seat was not for him . Every bath was hard unless there was someone to hold the baby in the seat , while the other person washed . Even if he was n't moving or kicking he still would slide down and to one side or the other until his bottom was hanging off and toes where up in the air ... in other words this thing does n't work , And he did make use of all his lung powers -LRB- he 's a screamer -RRB- he did n't like this seat at anytime during the newborn stage . He is almost 7 months now and has the bath seat that sits the baby up . Those seem to be the best and most safe , we have used them with all our kids .
 I thought that this bouncer was just adorable - while I was pregnant and did not yet have a child . This bouncer and the toys on the toy bar are just shades of white , the vibrating element is at the child 's feet and can not be felt from inside the bouncer , and the `` music '' sounds much like a hairdryer with annoying chirping birds . I 'm not usually one to complain , but my child does not enjoy this seat , and I do not blame her . I 'm sure the bug screen will be useful in the summer , but my child 'll be too old for it at that point . Save your money .
 This was by far the worst product Eddie Bauer has made . I have three children and have been a Eddie Bauer die-hard fan but this chair was awful . My 6months old son hates it . In the beginning the noise scared him and he instantly cried when I sat him in it . As he crew older he was just plain bored by it and I was afraid it was n't gon na hold his weight which is just now 16lbs . I registered for it because it match the bassinet and the swing by Eddie Bauer but it was n't worth the 60 bucks my friends paid for it ... I say Boooooo to this one . But I 'm still a die hard fan because they make some great quality merchandise
 I also loved the idea for this product . My daughter was born in July and I liked the idea of her napping in it on our porch with the netting all zipped up . However , the seat never supported her enough . She was n't a very big or a very small baby , but she kept falling over to one side in the seat . And the toys - and what they are attached to - were always out of her reach , but in her line of sight . When she could support herself better , she was too tall for it . The cool tent feature makes the babies outgrow it so much more quickly than a regular open bouncy seat . I ended up leaving it at my mom 's for a `` back up '' . And for the price compared to other bouncy seats -LRB- like the $ 20 one I bought and my daughter loved -RRB- , it was a big time waste of money .
 i just want to point out that the seat is FLAT and HARD , it does n't sit up very much and the strap is too small for a 2 month old . also my baby screams when he is in it , because it is very uncomfortable . i recomend the baby papasan bouncer or the swing version . actually or just about any bouncer . my baby has and likes
 Our baby loved this bouncers vibrate and sound features . However , the vibrating feature is already broken -LRB- our baby is 7 weeks old -RRB- . In addition we had to add a sleep positioner so he would n't tip to the side . The adjustable postioning is nice and he does still use it to listen to the nature sounds .
 Not a quality product . Seems uncomfortable and unsafe . Also , not good for a baby over 1-2 months old , because most likely , by then the baby is too big , both in weight and in length . Safety strap is very small and can hardly be adjusted . When bouncer is in upright position , baby flops over to one side . This review is based on an average sized 3-month old . Prior to this age , our daughter did n't care for it . Like I said in the title , I wish I had done more reading before investing in this product .
 This bouncer was recommended to me in the store , but when I got it home and put it togther , I was not impressed . The assembly wsa n't all that easy and the `` soothing sounds '' were more like white noise with the occasional bird chirping . After walking by it for two days I finally decided to return it for the Baby Einstein model .
 I purchased multiple Eddie Bauer Products and this was by far the biggest waste for us . It worked well at first but was quickly not used . It is good for a new baby to nap in or a take along for use at grandma 's as it does fold up well but for the older baby it stinks . It does not sit up any higher then maybe 30 degrees , the restraint straps were too small by the time our son was 12 weeks old -LRB- he only weighed a little over 12 lbs then and it is rated for 25 lbs ???? -RRB- and he was cramped in it , no room for his legs . The toys are boring . The zip up netting was a nice feature and he did like the vibrate mode . Overall it got little use , we replaced it with a Baby Bjorn 1-2-3 bouncer and it is 150 % better - our son loves this . Do n't waste the money , at least I got half back when I resold it on Ebay .
 After six weeks , my son outgrew this . It 's great for newborns ... it kept him quiet when I took a shower and is great for putting it right outside the door but now he 's two months and is too big for it . He 's average weight and height .
 When selecting products for my registry , the Eddie Baur `` B '' collection caught my eye ! I loved the natural colors , so I decided to buy the whole set ! After researching this product , I decided on purchasing the Deluxe Activity Rocker made by Combi for my house , and decided to leave the Eddie Baur Soothihg Bouncenette at my parents and in-laws . I figured even though this product did not have the greatest reviews , it will not be used everyday ! However , this bouncenette is useless ! My little one is only 2 months old and does not fit in it anymore , and he is an average infant ! There is no support for the baby ; I have been putting blankets underneath him and beside him to make it a little more comfortable ! I am also afraid to leave my baby 's side when he is in the bouncennette of fear that it will collapse ! I am returning the Eddie Baur Bouncennttes , and will be purchasing the Deluxe Activity Rocker by Combi ! At least this way , I know my baby will be safe !!!
 This bouncer is so pretty but I found it a useless waste of money . I have two since I have twins and they HATE them . They will not spead any amount of time in them . I have tried at least 5 times and no dice . I have read reviews for other bouncers and people seam to love them . This bouncer is expensive and not worth it . I 'm taking them to the resale shop and getting the Carters ones . My friend has it and her baby even sleeps in it .
 this seat is terrible , baby tips to the side , there is nothing to keep their attention and once the baby was like 2 months old , he was too big for it . we have all the other eddie bauer products and they are great , but this one they should just get rid of .
 I was very disappointed with this seat . Every time I tried to put my daughter hated it . It is not stimulating at all !!! Very boring color . Does not bounce much and and the outdoor noises are awful . It just took space up in my house . I plan on selling it at a garage sale .
 This product caught my eye when I was pregnant and thought the idea of the mesh netting was great . After the baby came , I attempted to put her in it and the strap was too tight . I persisted and tried to use it but after she was 4 weeks old it became impossible to use . She was too tall at 4 weeks old to sit in it , her head would have to be tilted to the side in order to put her in it . I then contacted the manufacturer and they were not any help to me . They said they never heard of anyone having trouble with the product and it really was n't their problem that she was too big for the seat . I tried her in other bouncy chairs and she fits just fine . Well like me they obviously missed all these BAD reviews . I wish I had seen them earlier . I never would have put the product on my baby registry .
 My husband and I read all of the poor reviews on this product , and we really should have listened to them ! However , we were drawn to the bouncenette 's pretty neutral color and seeming usefulness . We were wrong -- it was n't useful . Here 's a list of all that we found wrong with this bouncenette : * When our baby was a newborn , she was n't properly supported by the seat , and would end up in very weird positions -LRB- head near the bottom of the seat , slumped over to the side , etc. . . -RRB- while sleeping . We thought of placing towels or blankets on either end , but that did n't seem safe . * The vibration is weak . * The toys are very boring and out of the baby 's reach , which is pointless . * It 's awkward to carry around . * After only two months , we coud n't find any use for this product.We went back to the store and bought the Ocean Wonders bouncer , which is cheaper and a much better product . Listen to the reviews -- do n't waste your money .
 I started using this product when my daughter was a newborn . At first we thought , what a great invention ! It worked for a short while and then we could n't get the light to turn on anymore . I tried to change the batteries and that did n't seem to make a difference . I thought about changing the light bulb but I do n't believe it 's ment to be changed . At least I did n't waist a lot of money on this item . We just use the mirror now and the overhead dome light in the van to see her at night .
 I never actually attached the light because it does not turn on every time you push the button on the remote , and when it did , it was very hard to tell it was on . As for the mirror , to attach it you either use a saftey pin for cloth seats , or velcro for leather . I tied the mirror on until I could return it and get another one , because my husband was not going to stick a piece of adhesive velcro onto our leather seats . WASTE OF MONEY !
 Like others said the light will not stay attached to the carseat base . Everytime you get the seat out it falls off . The light is not super bright which is good and bad . Good cause it doesnt wake baby , bad cause it makes it hard to see with . The mirror that you put on the back window works great and I still have it in my car.My advice would be to save your money and just use your dome light .
 The light does not stay stuck to the carseat base . The light will not work properly . You all but have to turn around backward and point/touch the remote to the light , which defeats the purpose of the item . The miror is impossible to angle corectly . I would n't reccommend this product if the compsny paid me the $ 15 I wasted on the item .
 I bought this to help monitor my daughter while driving . The system is very difficult to install , you need two people , one to sit and look in the mirror , and one to adjust the rear mirror . I used the remote operation and the light stayed on the whole night and wore out the batteries . This system sat in my car for a year and never once was useful for me , do n't waste your money on this .
 When we first bought it home and tried it . The remote for the light does n't work very well . But we tried it again the next day , it seems to work alright . Mirror is way too small and it is hard to attach to the seat especially Leather seat . Considering keeping the remote light kit & buying another bigger mirror or return the whole thing and just go with the regular mirror instead .
 We loved the idea , but could n't get the light to shut off . We returned it , had the store manager open another and that one did n't work at all.Get a mirror .
 This product was a waste of money . I am sorry I added it to my registry . It is a good idea however . First of all it is very difficult to position . The mirror does not stay in position if the vehicle hits a bump in the road . Second the light worked all of one time BEFORE it was installed , then never again . I woud not recommend this product .
 My husband and I bought this because I have to travel for half an hour in order to pick him up from work . Since he gets off late at night we thought the light gadget would be helpful too . Boy were we wrong not only is the mirror too small but trying to aim the remote to the sensor on the light is difficult while driving . As for being able to see him I was only abe to see him at a stop light where i would have to stretch to see the miror . Also the miror kept moving so every time I got in the car I would have to make sure I could see him , which I never could so I would wast time fixing it and then checking to see if he was in view . My husband is pretty good at reading the reviews before we buy a product , this time we did n't and boy were we sorry . Waste of Money !
 I was so excited about this when I had purchased this product because my infant son had stopped breathing just befor he turned 2 weeks old . Luckily the EMT were able to bring him back . . We found out he has bad ACID REFLUX and had asperated on his spit up . I purchased this thinking that if something happened to our son again , while driving I would be able to see it right away . . The mirror is too small and I can not get the light to work which is why I purchased the product in the first place to be able to keep a close eye on him even at night . . Now we constanly ask our 3 year if the baby is doing OK and double check using the mirror but it is still difficult at nighttime . .
 Skip on this product . Unless the interior of your car / van is a perfect square , it is almost impossible to attach the mirror in an angle to let you see your child . The light , a nice idea , is poorly implemented making it worthless and in the way when taking your seat in and out of the car , plus the remote that turns light on and off must be in direct line of sight or it wo n't work , and finally the clip to hold the remote on your sun visor wo n't fit many types of cars with thicker visors that house vanity mirrors and the like .
 It took me less time to install two car seats than it did to `` try '' and install this light mirror . My baby has n't even been born yet and it is already useless . There is a GIANT STICKER placed over the mirror that DOES NOT PEEL OFF . I tried to clean it off for about an hour and it just smudges across the mirror making it useless . I ca n't even see out of it . Judging by the other reviews above it definitely is NOT WORTH THE MONEY !! Get a regular mirror and use the interior light , you will be glad you did .
 I got this just the other day and I 'm taking it back !! My husband set it up and it would n't work . When he took the batteries out , they burned his hand . The batteries had begun to split ... . I went tto the webpage to try and contact the company and they do n't have a phone number ! I should have just gotten a simple mirror .
 We bought this and were very excited about it for about a week . Then we found , as other reviewers have mentioned , that the light kept falling off and getting in the way . The remote did n't work well either - it had to be lined up just right and it would n't hook on to our visors in our car like they say it should be able to . The light itself used up the batteries quickly as well . Then when the remote broke and stopped working all together , we ended up returning this and getting another mirror . It may have just been bad luck , but it did n't work for us .
 There are two types of mirrors from this company
 Great idea , just a few gliches . Light must be in the `` on '' position to work so you have to remember to turn it on at night . Remote control only works half the time and light only stays on for about 5 seconds , too short for me . Also light must attach to car seat base and it gets in the way when you 're putting baby seat in it . I discovered reaching up and turning on my dome light in the car is just as effective and a lot easier . Mirror works great and gives me peace of mind to see that my baby is doing okay . Save a few bucks and just buy a mirror .
 We bought this item for a long drive so we could see our son at night but unless you had it lined up and close the light would n't come on . The remote to our cd player we had to use to turn it on . The mirror was great though because we could see more of him and he could see himself .
 When I first saw this product I thought it would be a great way to see what my baby was doing in the backseat at night and check to see if she had fallen asleep or was getting into something . However , the nighlight never stuck to the carseat even after trying our own engineering tactics . It was just too top heavy to stay put . On the rare occasion it stayed up long enough to attempt a trial run , the baby would just pull it off . Then , to make matters worse , it was nearly impossible to align the remote with the light to get it to turn on . To top it all off , even the mirror is small.After wasting our money , we have found that it 's just as easy to switch on the interior car light to check on baby . She sleeps through it just fine . Save your money and just buy a decent mirror for the back seat .
 I was very excited for this mirror/light combo and think that the idea of the whole thing would be great . However , the light is so dim there is NO WAY that you 're going to see your baby in the dark with it . On top of that , there is no way to get the light to fit at the angle you 'd need it to be . We had it wedged in between our seats at one point to try and get it to work , which is a hazard . We finally threw the lights out -LRB- we each got one for our car -RRB- . The mirrors are okay , but a bit small . WASTE OF MONEY .
 We bought this and took it home . Once we had the batteries in , we could not get it to make a connection when we closed the battery compartment . We took it back and got another only to be unable to make a connection with that one at all . The compartment seems to give to much lateral room to the batteries to make a solid connection .
 This item has the right idea but the set up still needs some perfection . The light is always falling off the car seat the the mirror is way to small to see if your baby 's eyes are opened or closed . The remote light is a wonderful idea but the product just needs some tweeking .
 Do n't waste your money - just get the mirror . The mirror , I do n't think I could live without . I love that I can look back at my daughter without having to turn around while driving . The light is just plain silly . You have to have it turned on for it to work , but if you leave it on all the time , the batteries die in about a day . I did n't typically remember to turn it on until after I was already driving . When I did remember to turn it on , I found the remote had to be pointed very specifically in order to turn the light on and by the time you `` uncontort '' your arm and are able to get a good look in the rearview mirror , the light had already shut off . I find it much easier to just briefly turn the dome light on in the car . Take the money you were going to spend on the light and go buy some diapers instead !
 I put this mirror on my registry . When I first put it in my car I was very pleased with the size of the mirror . I had to put the car seat near the door because i was unable to attach the mirror in the middle . I am unable to use the mirror because it fogged up when left in the car during the hot weather .
 Loved this when we 1st received it as a shower gift ... but then we tried to wipe it clean with a paper towel & it Scratched BADLY . This therefore frosted up the mirror & you could n't see a thing in it . Nothing could correct the problem . What a waste of money . If you ca n't clean it then what is the point ??
 I got this thinking it would be great . I thought I would be able to keep an eye on my baby and not be a road hazzard . I kept it for a week or so then took it back . I was not able to get the mirror to sit right in my car . I have a mid-size sedan and there was no headreast to attach it to . I had to use the LATCH system andit did n't get the job done . I was really disappointed because I really wanted it to work . After thinking about it I figure if there is something that wrong with my baby I will know it without the mirror . By having the mirror I will only be staring in it concerned about my baby and not watching the road therefore actually becoming a road hazzard because I have the mirror . I love the idea , but it is not for me .
 this mirror was difficult to secure to the back seat head rest and we never really could get it tight enough not to slip . it kept slipping down . the straps are a little flimsy .
 I wanted to be able to see my baby who 's car seat is in the middle position of the back seat as prescribed by the manufacturer and this mirror seemed like the best one i 've seen . Unfortunately it does n't fit in my 99 Acura TL so i 've sort of temporarily tied it in for now , which allows the mirror to flop around and that does n't seem too safe . I 'll probably return it if i ca n't figure out a better way to install the mirror safely .
 This mirror was great when I first installed it . I could see my baby from the front seat . Unfortunately , after only 3 weeks the mirror became very hazy and my baby looks blurry in the mirror . I tried to clean the mirror with a tissue . The haze would not come off of the mirror and I ended up scratching the mirror also . What a waste of money . Reading more reviews on this product , I realize that for my child 's safety this could be a potential hazard to my daughter if we were to get in an accident . I 've already been rear-ended once with my daughter in the car -LRB- not using the mirror -RRB- . I 'm not going to take my chances using this product .
 I bought this mirror because it was far larger than the adjustable suction-cup mirror I had on the rear windshield of my car . I discovered negative # 1 in the store
 I purchased this item soon after my baby was born because like any mom , I wanted to keep an eye on my child at all times , even in the car . I fell in love with this item in the store because it was so big , unlike the other small mirrors to choose from . I bought it and the first day I used it , it was great !! I could look in the rear view mirror and see my daughter in clear view , which made me feel really good !! The only problem is the next day when I got in the car there was this hazy fog that had built up on the suface of the mirror and I could no longer see in it . I do n't know if it was the humidity -LRB- due to it being the middle of August -RRB- or what , but sadly , I had to return it to the store and get the smaller version , which works fine and never `` fogs/hazes '' up . I was really dissapointed because I loved the size of this mirror . Maybe the one I bought was defective , and not all of them are like that , but I did n't want to chance it , so I exchanged it for a different brand instead .
 My small sedan does not have headrests in the backseat so there 's no place to anchor the mirror . I 've wedged it into the armrest compartment but the mirror wobbles when I drive so I do n't always have a great view of the baby . This was a complete waste of money for me . My husband has an SUV and it does secure nicely into the headrest is his car .
 This item is basically useless if you have leather seats unless you want to ruin them and pin the mirror into the leather . I also tried attaching the mirror to the seat belt but it does not reflect high enough . This is a waste of money for me . I think it would work if you have headrests in your back seat -LRB- I know some cars do -RRB- .
 Love the idea , dislike the prodcut . I have loved this mirror and have used it since my baby was born 4-1/2 months ago . Recently , when I got in my car I realized the mirror had fallen down ... right where my baby would have been if she had been in the car when it had fallen . When I tried to reattach it , I realized the strap had torn . It appears the strap had started to disinigrate in the sun because when I touched the strap another piece of it fell off in my hand . I do n't think the mirror would have hurt my baby if it had fallen while she was in the car , but it might have , and it certainly would have scared her . I also hate to think that I could have gotten into an accident if she startled me by suddenly screaming after the mirror fell on her . I think this product should have been tested better before being put on the market !
 I bought this prior to delivering my baby and when having my car seat evaluated at our nearest Police Station that checks infant car seats was horrified to find that we should take the mirror out as it becomes a weapon in an accident and has killed many babies . Not just mirrors , but any toys and the clip toys that hang over the car seat . All these become dangerous weapons so I can only warn you as I 've been warned . Pls check with your nearest Police Station that checks infant car seats to confirm . Peace be with you .
 Absolutely the dumbest design ... First of all , how many cars have headrests in the center of the back seat ? That leaves the other option - use the SAFETY PIN to poke the strap through your upholstery . I do n't know about you , but I would not want to damage my cloth upholstery by stabbing anything through it , let alone leather ! It is absolutley useless to us . My search continues for a product that will work for us ...
 When this mirror was new , it was great ! As time goes on , the mirror becomes hazy and you can only see the baby 's head shape and shadow .
 I bought this mirror because it was so much larger than the others on the market . It did n't do me much good , since the darn thing kept falling off the headrest . I tried installing it with both the velcro straps and the safety pin and it was n't any better . It would stay in place sometimes , but not at the right angle for me to see the baby . I have since purchased a different type which is WONDERFUL !!!
 Not recommended - yet . I 'm a mom-to-be who researches baby products before buying them . This product and other baby view mirrors have not been crash-tested . I asked a California Highway Patrol officer about this and he said `` DO N'T get it . '' The mirror can become a projectile in a collision or accident . I contacted the Safe Kids Campaign and asked them about this . Their response
 Take it from an experienced Mom of 11 years . Looking at your baby while at a stoplight is one thing , but it 's just too tempting to look back there at every little girgle or squeal . I have to wonder how many rear-end accidents were caused by these mirrors vs. how many babies were saved from choking on their Cheerios . Your baby would be much safer if you got over your paranoia and kept your eyes on the road !
 The California Highway Patrol , when installing my rear-facing infant seat , noticed the mirror I had over the back seat and said that it was unsafe for two reasons
 I was really disappointed in this mirror . I 'm surprised at the quality of the plastic -LRB- clearly it couldnt be glass due to safety factors -RRB- considering it is meant to be used in the car . After the first day in the car the reflective surface was totally distorted and blurred . I would have returned it if I lived in the US . . Apparently not made to withstand summer heat . . Im now looking for a new oneDeborah
 We have a mid-sized sedan and had no problems installing this mirror . We just used the tether attachment in the middle seat and a spot of Velcro to help keep it from sliding around.Our daughter absolutely loved this mirror . Around two months of age , she started being able to stay awake in the car . She used to scream and cry from the instant we closed the back door until she fell asleep , then again from the time she woke up until we took her out of the car seat . Once we installed this mirror and she could see us , she relaxed and actually started to enjoy riding in the car.She 's now six months old , so we 've had the mirror for four months . Last week , we came out to the car to find the mirror and part of the strap lying on the backseat , with the tether attachment still set up . The strap seems to have disintegrated in the middle . It 's very brittle and flakes a bit when we touch it . Our guess is that the sunlight damaged the nylon -LRB- we think -RRB- strap , but we live in a coastal city where it 's often foggy or overcast . I ca n't imagine what would happen to this mirror in a truly sunny place.We enjoyed using this mirror , but when we replace it this weekend , we 'll be going to a physical store where we can examine the strapping/attachments other mirrors use . $ ... is not too expensive , but $ ... every four months is .
 At first , I was thrilled with this mirror . It attached to my leather SUV seats and was very easy to see in my rearview mirror . However , the fireman who inspected the installation of our car seat told us to take it down . He said that it could hit the baby in a crash - and it is big enough to seriously hurt our son . He advised us to only use a mirror that was crash tested . I have yet to find a mirror that attaches well to leather seats and is crash tested -LRB- the stick-on velcro that other mirrors use for leather seats is useless ! -RRB- . As much as I like using the mirror , it just is n't worth the risk !
 I bought this product because I wanted to be able to see my rear facing baby while I was driving . It 's kind of hard to see the baby when the whole mirror is smeared because I simply tried to clean it ! Who would think that wiping a mirror clean with just a soft cloth -LRB- no chemicals -RRB- would scratch it . I had it for 6 days and it is ruined . It is obviously made very cheaply . It also would n't stay in place . It kept slipping so that all I could see was the light on the roof . I have an SUV with a center headrest which was supposed to work fine with the teather . It does n't . Take my word for it ... complete waste of money .
 I have 2 of these mirrors , one in the plaid pattern and one in the brown leather/suede . How 2 of the exact same mirrors can be so different is beyond me . While the leather one is great -LRB- so far -RRB- , the plaid one has fogged up and can not be wiped clean , making it almost impossible to see my daughter . The sticky tab that can be used when not mounting it on a headrest held for about 10 minutes and then continually fell forward . When I finally moved it to a headrest , I was tightening the strap and it snapped right in 2 making the entire mirror impossible to use at all ! It 's a needed accessory but this one disappointed me .
 I had purchased two of these mirrors for my car and my husband 's . However , after taking our 4 day old baby to the fire station to have our infant car seat professionally checked over , we were told that these mirrors are not recommended and that they can actually harm your child in a car accident.We returned them immediately ! Please check your baby products out .
 It looked nice at the begging , but after 2 weeks it fall because the stickers lost their stickiness
 I did everything it said to do from the moment I opened the package . I made sure the surface was clean , held the clips in place for a while , let it sit over night and I even turned on the stove top and oven since it says it stick better once heat is applied . It all sounds good , but did n't work at all . This did n't stick longer than a few days before it popped right off . The money for this guard would have been better spent on a baby gate to keep my child away from the stove all together . This was a waste .
 What a great idea . I was so excited to buy this.It worked great for about a week ... then the stickers do n't stick anymore . We tried everything.Sadly , this is going in the trash and I hope to find another stove guard that does n't use stickers .
 My son at 15 month old figured out how to pull it out sliding it . . and at 20 month old just pull it completely out !!! NOT THAT STRONG for at least busy kids
 What a great idea this was . My Son loves to climb on the stove and we needed this as our kitchen in a great room with no door or way to block the stove off.Well it stayed up for 2 days and then the adhesive gave way.Im writing to the company to complain . The product does n't say anything about not working on certain surfaces and should be stronger !
 The seal came off after few days due to oven heat . Extremely useless item , save ur money , donot buy this . My 18 months old did even pull it off . We didnot use even for 2 weeks .
 My 18 month old pulled on this and broke the plastic tabs that hold it in . Lasted only about a day !
 Great item if you want an extra piece of plastic lying around the house . The box says it will stay bonded to the oven through high temps -LRB- around 525 -RRB- , but after 2 uses of the oven at about 350 degrees the 3M stickers no longer hold the seal and the shield falls off . Save your money , do n't buy this .
 This product was everything I wanted , but unfortunately the glue would not hold it in place . I did everything as instructed , because I knew that the bonding is the key ingredient here . I tried rebonding it several times , but eventually gave up . If you had a stove that you did n't mind bonding this to with some type of high grade glue for a permanent stick it would be perfect .
 I bought this to child proof the stove . It 's a great idea , but I could n't get the guard to stay up . The adhesive always came off the stove and the guard hung down making it ineffective in what it is supposed to do , which is to keep little hands from reaching up to touch the burners . I was extremely disappointed .
 It is a great product from the time you bought it until you get home because it gives Mommy the feeling she has done something for the little ones safety.I installed it because Mommy insisted to do so and there was a tiny , tiny little spark of hope in me that this could actually work . While still installing -LRB- which by the way is very simple -RRB- my baby -LRB- 17month -RRB- wanted to pull it down already . So here went my hope because I was sure in the first unwatched minute he pulled it down.Well I managed to keep it safe for 24 hours to make sure the tape would dry out and work at its best . Next morning I made scrambled eggs and the tape started to get loose because of the heat . I mean I only used half the heat available and it came loose , did n't even fry some steaks with full power ... So my baby enjoyed pulling it down completely and throw it into the trash.While it lasted not long enough to clean it , I am sure it is a real headache to do so .
 The Prince Lionheart people should be ashamed at the garbage they are selling us to protect our children . This junk is applied with stickers ! I used a degreaser , followed by rubbing alcohol to clean area of application . The guard fell off with the very first use of the oven . Do not buy this ... if you did and your are equally as upset ... post a review . Shame on Prince Lionheart and shame on Amazon for selling this garbage .
 I have a gas range , and wanted to protect my little one from the flames should they figure out how to get arround the child proofing and turn on the gas.This was not difficult to install , but it fell off the next day . the sticky pads say that they will stick if you wash the surface prior to installing them . I did that , and I waited for it to dry just like the directions said to do.Dont bother buying this one . spend a couple extra $ $ and get a better one .
 after just 6 month of using this product the 3M tape came off and couldnt get it to stick again . worst yet i cant find replacement tape for it .
 Fell off after a few minutes ! I put it back and it was on for a few days but fell off again . Really bad product .
 This is a good enough idea , but it does n't work . I just got this a few days ago and it does not stay on . It falls off about 3 times a day . If I use the oven it falls off within minutes .
 The glue pads on the stove guard lasted a whole 5 days . Luckily my daughters were not near the stove when the plastic guards fell and crashed to the floor .
 This product did n't work and was a total waste of money -- at least for me . I could still easily turn the knobs -LRB- and turn on the stove -RRB- after putting on the ` loks ' . Our stove is a standard brand installed in newer homes but this product may work for other brands . I ended up throwing these in the trash . If you buy the product make sure you keep the receipt .
 Sounds great - but think like a two year old for a moment . All you have to do is rotate the plastic , pull really hard and it will slide out .
 I bought these for my 15-month old , because he started turning the knobs on the stove now . We own a GE free-standing gas stove with knobs you need to push in and turn to ignite . I even tried using two of these Kid Kushions stacked together , and I could still push in and turn on my ranges . I do n't know what type of oven they work on , but they do n't work for my oven !
 I bought these because our stove top knobs are very easy to accidentally turn . This issue has caused numerous scary gas leaks . Although there were many negative reviews about this product , I decided to purchase it anyways . BIG mistake . This product arrived in packaging that looks like it is from the 1980 's , and perhaps it is . In addition , this product looks like junk . Furthermore , it does absolutely NOTHING ! DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ! Although cheap , it is a waste of money . I do not know the solution to our problem , but I do know that this is not it and I STRONGLY advise anyone not to waste their time and money on this product .
 Knobs seem to work only on newer stoves . The knobs on the older ones do not have the `` catch '' to engage the stopping mechanism to impede the turning of the knobs .
 Not only did these not keep you from being able to push in the knobs and turn the burner on , is sometimes made is so it bypassed the lighting function and just turned the gas on !! I think it made my oven more dangerous !!
 This product DID NOT work at all on my stove . All my burners can still be turned on . Also , my 20 month old son was able to remove them 5 minutes after I put them on . Do n't waste your money !!!
 I do n't have small children and I bought these because we 've accidentally turned the gas knob without knowing it , likely from bumping the stove when working in the kitchen . This has happened a few times and since I have no ability to smell , it 's a big problem.I read the review that there are some stoves this product does n't work on at all and I happen to own one -LRB- Whirlpool AccuBake gas stove -RRB- . I gave the review 2 stars because I knew this was a possibility and returning the product was simple . Using these on my stove did nothing . They did n't prevent the knob from accidentally turning at all and as one reviewer -LRB- Waiting Mom -RRB- posted it '' . . sometimes . . bypassed the lighting function and just turned the gas on !! '' . For me , these knobs did n't work and in a way I feel it made the problem worse .
 I can still turn on stove with them on . I am not too happy with this item at all . YDN
 Door Mouse Finger Guard by KidkusionWe put it on a swinging door that springs shut in order to keep the door from slamming shut on fingers . It broke after only a week . It worked well while it lasted , but this just simply did n't last long enough . It is n't a really tight spring , either .
 I wanted to love this sling since it 's so pretty . I watched the video several times , and tried to get my daughter into various holds several times , none of which she liked . I think it might be ok if your baby is very small and wants to be cocooned , but once they start looking out , not the best sling . I also have the Moby , and she loves that !
 My friend loved the mobile but it worked for about 3 weeks . I know my friend and she takes great care of things so there was no abuse here . Amazon would have let me return it if I had the original packaging . If we kept everything like that we 'd have to rent a storage room for all the empty boxes !
 i was so excited to get this product . the minute i got it home my husband and i put it together to find out that it didnt work . we took it back to the store and they told us it had been recalled for defective parts and we would have to send away for a kit to fix it ourselves . as if i dont have enough to do already . there are other perfectly good mobiles on the market that i dont have to fix myself .
 i was so excited to get this product . the minute i got it home my husband and i put it together to find out that it didnt work . we took it back to the store and they told us it had been recalled for defective parts and we would have to send away for a kit to fix it ourselves . as if i dont have enough to do already . there are other perfectly good mobiles on the market that i dont have to fix myself .
 Such a neat idea . Such a poor implementation.The motor is phenomenally noisy . Just this whirring buzz that 's nearly as loud as the music . And the annoying clacking of the little pieces falling -LRB- they 're supposed to do that -RRB- has me scratching my head wondering what in the world these people were thinking ?? Why ca n't they make something with this great music , a noiseless motor , and none of the clacking things?Oh , and I guess we have n't had the thing long enough to experience the mechanical failures everyone else seems to talk about . Looking forward to it . * groan *
 I bought this mobile when my 3 1/2 - year-old was a baby . He absolutely loved it but it broke rather quickly . I bought another one right before my infant daughter was born . She also loved it but this one died rather quickly too . I have now purchased a different mobile b/c I did n't want to throw away more money on this product . It 's too bad they did n't last long b/c my kids sure did love to watch it .
 the product is great when it works . I was able to use it for about a month then all of a sudden it stopped rotating . I was never able to fix it and the instructions were in French so that did not help . I kept the music box part of the mobile and had to throw the rest of it away . Keep your receipt and box in case it breaks so you can return it . It is not a very durable mobile like the other winding types but it is better and your baby will really like it .
 I love this mobile but gave up on it when I returned the second one because the motor broke again . It also takes a lot of batteries . If you live near a babies r us and keep the recept go ahead and buy it since its great when it works . But - it will break - even the girls at babies r us have said that they are having trouble with the company .
 yes it looks great but after putting it together i could n't get the rotation to stop at all - and then when i did it did n't rotate ever againvery dissappointing
 The motor on this mobile stopped working after only a few weeks of light use . Other reviewers have noted the same problem . I was very disappointed because our son was fascinated with it from the time he was born .
 it worked great for the first week we 've had it . now , however the motor broke . the music plays but the damn thing does not rotate . my seven week old baby is not happy !
 It is a pretty mobile with lots of interesting things to look at for your baby , but after using it for last six months , I can not recommend it.First , this mobile is LOUD . The motor is not too bad , but the turning mechanism is VERY loud with very annoying clicking sound . It also has small plastic parts that slide up and down as the mobile turns and it also makes a terrific racket . If you are looking for a mobile to entertain your baby , this is it . If you looking for this mobile to soothe your baby - you need to get something else.Second , it broke within 5 months . The arm part that connects the mobile to the base comes apart . Sometimes when you put it together , the connection does not get set and the mobile does not turn . We fudged with this thing for several months before it finally died on us - so no more turning . Very shoddy quality for something this expensive .
 We tried this product , and it fell down on our baby . I read so many good reviews on it that I went and bought another one . IT DID THE SAME THING ! Not to mention , it 's absolutely ugly ! Come on guys , there 's got ta be a better way to stimulate my baby without totally freaking her out and making her duck for cover ! Save your money !
 This was bought for my newborn grandaughter . It was sold as the Cadillac of mobiles . This is far from the truth . It is poorly made and is falling apart after only a few weeks of use.The falling rings make an annoying clacking noise and The mobile does not fit on all cribs . We had to replace this mobile with a different brand .
 I bought both types of the Symphony in Motion mobiles -- one for my son 's crib at home , and the other for his crib at daycare . He absolutely loved both of them and would get so excited when I turned them on . However , both of them broke after only a few months of use . The on/off button is not making the right connection with the inside parts to turn it on . When I push the button , nothing happens . When it happened on the first one , I thought maybe it was a fluke . But when I had the same problem with the other one , I realized it might not be well made . I am really upset , too , because my son really loved both of them . Now he gets aggravated when he looks up at the mobile and it does n't move .
 We have received this item , Symphony-in-motion mobile Geometric shapes from our friend before our baby was born . We loved it at first . Both classical music that plays for 15 minutes and those moving shapes with colors that would stimulate the vision and hearing of the babies . It worked for few times and it stopped moving . The music still plays with no problem , but the movement stopped . We first thought it was the battery problem , but it still did n't work after the new batteries had put in . I sent e-mail to the `` Tiny love '' to ask possible manufacture defect or any suggestion , but they never replied back to me . I was very excited about the product at first , but now , I am very dissapointed that it was broken too soon -LRB- only after third time -RRB- . I want to tell people not to get this product because I do n't want them to have the same problem .
 We thought this would be great . It is if you really want to stimulate your child . However , if you want to soothe your child into peaceful dreamland -- forget this mobile . Your child will not fall asleep with this thing going . As it goes around the pieces move and hit together making a clacking sound . My daughter did n't like it very much . I think the old fashioned ones that play music are the best bet . My daughter 's Grandma had one and it lulled her to sleep everytime . This thing is more for playtime .
 This mobile is huge , it fell down all the time , and broke on us 1 week after owning . Baby loved it of course but instead got Sassy brand seems to working great and less bulky .
 My 5 week old son really enjoyed this mobile for the few hours he watched it , then it stopped working . As others had mentioned , the motor stopped working and the mobile no longer spins . The music works fine . I was skeptical of others reviews that said theirs broke , so I went ahead and got it . I could not believe it when mine stopped working TOO !!!! It 's hard to believe that something that costs -LSB- $ -RSB- only worked for about 3 total hours . Do n't waste your money !!!!! ...
 This was a great toy , until the motor died 5 weeks after I opened the box . Unfortunately , my daughter loves it so much , I may buy a replacement one , all the same . If you can stay away from this unit upfront , do so . I am going to try and get the manufacturer to replace the unit ...
 Okay - This product is beautiful and very colorful . My baby loved it for the 3 weeks that it worked ! I give it 2 stars for appearance only . The on/off button kinda stuck from the begining , and it just got worse ! I managed to make it work for a week or so more , then it just up and died ! I have replaced the batteries , but now only the music part works and it no longer spins ... what is the point ? Great idea , but they have to work the bugs out . What 's worse is that they know the problem exists and have n't fixed the problem and are n't returning emails of those who have questioned the manufacturing . When you buy a toy at in this price range , you expect it to work ... and so you throw the box away ... only for it to break and try to return it -LRB- without the packaging -RRB- and you ca n't take it back . Now - can you imagine keeping the boxes of every toy you buy your child - I would have to get a new house just to store them . Bottom line - they need to fix the product or at least recall it so we can get one that works -LRB- at least for a year -RRB- or give us our money back .
 This product would be great if it actually worked up to par . The spinning is tempermental and the motor is loud when it does turn . I exchanged the first one and the girls at the store said this product is often exchanged and always for the same reason . You are better off getting the mobile to match your nursery and purchasing baby einstein along with a cd player for the nursery .
 I bought this because it plays for 15 minutes and my wind up only lasted for about 2 minutes before I had to go wind it up again . I also thought you could n't go wrong with classical music . I expected that they would have chosen better known songs than what they did ; I do n't like any of the 3 songs . The mobile circles around on a slant , and they have 3 pieces on each arm that slide up and down as it goes around . They make a scraping noise that my husband and I did not care for at all . It was also not as easy to attach securely to the crib - the top piece -LRB- the yellow hook -RRB- is flexible and does not stay hooked over the crib as well as other mobiles . The motor is also rather loud . I returned this and bought a different type . My son liked it , but he likes his new one too .
 Wonderful design - very fascinating shapes , but the rotation motor quit after only a few months . We have twins and bought two mobiles , and both quit the same week . Our twins are now six months old - just big enough to really enjoy the motion , and now they only have music . Big disappointment .
 We bought this mobile for my daughter when she was born . My daughter loved it ! She was fascinated by it , and the music was very nice.The problem ? It broke in less than a month ! The music still played , but the mobile no longer spun . We went out and bought another one , since my daughter loved it so much , and it too broke within a week.While we loved the mobile , a child 's product that breaks twice in month is not worth the money ! We talked to many friends and family members who had the same problem with the mobile . We filed a complaint with the manufacturer and never received a response .
 Although my son loves this mobile , we have now been through 3 in 2 months . Really , it 's been less than that b/c for the first 6 weeks we really did n't use it . This past time I brought it back to BRU , and it worked for 4 days . The mobile will not turn but the music plays . I have tried calling Tiny Love at 1-888-TINYLOVE and always get a message that says `` Our offices are now closed . Our normal business hours are Mon-Fri 8-5 , blah blah blah '' but this message is ALWAYS on . I have never been able to reach them even when I call during business hours . I am furious at this so called company 's complete lack of customer service . I am now going to take it higher at BRU . They should not be carrying a product of such poor quality . PLEASE read all of the reviews below about the product not working before you buy it !!! Notice everyone either gives it a 5 or a 1 b/c it would be a great product if it WORKED !
 I bought this item for my grandchild after reading reviews about it . I never placed the mobile directly over the baby 's head because I felt aprehensive having something hanging over her head so I placed it midway the crib . The first time the mobile fell I thought maybe I did n't lock it in properly . I moved it to the foot of the crib and after the fifth time I turned it onit fell again . I heard the baby screaming in fright , the mobile had fallen on her . I am in the process of returning it to Toys R Us . The next mobile I buy , will be something made of soft material . I would warn anyone who may be thinking about buying this product to beware !!!!!!!
 We registered for this and thought we were lucky to receive it . After putting it together -LRB- it is very large -RRB- and turning it on for a test run we were very disappointed . The mobile makes noise while turning -LRB- clicking -RRB- and was very distracting . The mobile also gets stuck and makes a grinding noise until it gets going again . Needless to say - we returned it .
 This mobile was really cute in the beginning . But within a month , it broke . The music still plays , but as others have mentioned , the motor stopped . No turning ! And my son is upset about it , too . It 's disappointing to purchase something that you thought was quality and developmentally enhancing for your kid , only to find out it 's a waste . No more Tiny Love products for us . I do n't have the time or energy to mess around with products that are sub-par .
 the product is fine . I was sent the wrong product . I specifically wanted the shapes but alas , got some animals instead ... great -LRB- NOT -RRB-
 Our twin daughters loved this as we did but the batteries do n't last very long and you have to unscrew the whole thing and take it down to change them . We finally just stopped using the music because it was too much trouble changing the batteries .
 I put this mobile on my registry because it looked appealing for a baby and got great reviews . Our son liked it , but after about 15 uses for about 10 minutes at a time , the motor broke . It was very disappointing .
 We read reviews on this mobile and it sounded great . Unfortunately , it broke within a few weeks . At first we thought it was a battery malfunction because the music would wind down and the mobile would slow down . We 'd replace the batteries and it would continue doing the same thing . A pretty pricey item for a bad quality product !
 SAME thing as EVERYONE else has to say ! This is the 2nd mobile we 're going to exchange . Do n't get me wrong , my daughter LOVES it but all of a sudden we go to replace the batteries and it stops working ... we put 2 sets of batteries in so we know it was n't that . BIG LET down . The music is great as well as the shapes and colors . Everything about it she loves , but boy will she be disappointed when she realizes that it doesnt even work . For $ 40 , you 'd think TINY LOVE would make a better product .
 My nephew loved this mobile when he was an infant , so my sister loaned it to me when my son was born . It burned out after a few weeks , but since the mobile was n't brand new , I did n't think much of it.We ordered a new one and it , too , burned out in less than one month . It 's really too bad that this is such a shoddy piece of junk . For the brief time that it did work , my son loved it.We were extremely disappointed with this product . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought this product with such joy & expectation . I loved the design and the colorful hanging characters . But once I installed it and turned it on , I was very disappointed since the music was of such low quality that it hurt my ears ! I could not stand the bad quality music and the noise that came from rotating the parts . This noise was more dominant the the music itself . I though if I can not stand this for two minutes , how would the baby like it . I think they need to improve the quliaty of the music coming out of the box and stop those small parts sliding on the hanging wire which make so much un wanted noise .
 We purchased the Tiny Love mobile , but were quite disappointed in the poor quality of the classical music . It gives a distinctly out of tune , ` tinny ' quality to the music.Additionally , the sound of the electic motor that powers the mobile was so loud that it overwhelms any music that 's being played . Not exactly the ideal environment for a baby to fall asleep under.However , the toys were well done and are sure to entertain most babies .
 We had this mobile for less than one month when it stopped moving . The music kept playing but the arm that rotates the animals would n't turn anymore . My husband who is great with fixing things tried to make it work again , but still does not . The arm also fell off once on our baby as well . Not worth the money . Get another mobile .
 We received the Symphony Animal Mobile as a gift . Our daughter loved it - its very engaging . However in less than a month the product failed . As mentioned in another review the on/off switch stopped working . Unfortunately we did n't have the option of returning the item as we did not receive a gift receipt and did not know where the purchase was made . So we went to the Tiny Love on-line site and submitted a product replacement form , for the base . We received an email response stating the part should arrive at our home in 15 days . This was in November of 2002 , its now August 2003 !!! We sent follow up emails but to no avail . Thus we not only recommend to take your dollars else where since this is certainly a defective product -LRB- see other reviews -RRB- but we will not buy any Tiny Love products . We do n't have the time nor the interest in making numerous returns/exchanges for a product that is only age appropriate for 0-5months . Yes , the use of the base/radio without the mobile is a selling point BUT not a great one when the on/off switch design is defective . Note
 even though i agree this is a great product this mobile did end up being costly i just wish someone would have mentioned how many batteries you go through per month . i use it whenever our son Dylan is in his crib or being changed or just for occasional entertainment .
 We purchased two of these mobiles for our newborn twins . The babies love them . The problem is that if the bulb is not lined up directly above the base the mobile has a tendancy to tip over . My wife went into the nursery room a few minutes after we had turned on one of the mobiles to find that it had fallen on its side and the animals were hitting our daughter 's face . Our friends that have this mobile have experienced similar problems . Some cribs are more suited than others for the security of the device but all seem unstable to some degree .
 I loved this in the store , when we got it home , it worked for about two weeks and then stopped rotating . It is very difficult to get the mobile part onto the pole connector to try and fix it . Our baby really liked it when it worked , so now we strung it up to the ceiling and I am having a hard time justifying the cost when I have to turn it myself . It really is n't worth the frustration -LRB- I do recall slamming it on the floor -RRB- , get one that works . If you buy it , or have it ... save the box and your receipt , you 'll need it .
 The first mobile we got stopped rotating the first day we used it . We sent it back and Amazon promptly exchanged it . The second one worked properly for about a month , and has since stopped rotating . Do n't know why -- it 's just stopped.Our son loves to look at this mobile , even though it 's not moving -LRB- so technically , I guess it 's not really a `` mobile '' -- maybe a `` stationary '' ? -RRB- . The music part still works , and it 's nice . So we wo n't get rid of it -- but new buyers beware , this toy may have quality control problems .
 I purchased this crib mobile after reading all the hype about it and I was terribly disappointed . I brought mine back because I could n't stand it . It does have stimulating colors as opposed to the majority of pastels on the market and the tunes are nice but the rest is horrible . You ca n't play music w/o motion or vice versa which limits its usefuleness . At night when I want to soothe my baby to sleep the movements distract her . Not only that but they are noisy as hell . Besides music you also get terrible clicking , turning and sliding noise which is also distracting . The noise irritates me so much that I never wanted to put the thing on . Tiny Love has just released a newer model which I hope has improved from this one . I exchanged mine for a Fisher Price anyway which will grow with my daughter as it converts to tabletop when it has to be removed from the crib . This one better serves it 's purpose . I 'll save the stimulation for when she 's not in her crib . I only keep her in there when she needs to sleep anyway .
 Yes , it was definately a distraction , but all that clicking and moving -LRB- it got on my nerves a little ! -RRB- , it was not soothing for an infant trying to mellow-out and get relaxed enough to go to sleep . Also the music was nice , but a little too electronic sounding . Mostly it was good for keeping the baby distracted for 15 minutes while we ate dinner . Then , after three months it stopped working . After changing the batteries several times , we gave up and by that time the baby was too old for it anyway .
 ... It fits only on cheep Cribs . If you have a crib rail thicker than 2 '' buy something else . The music is nice , animals are cute , however the motor makes an unusual hissing sound and quite irritating . The pieces that slides up and down also makes an unpleasant noise . The company brags about how developmental this mobile is however I think the noise may actually bad for babies . I will give 4 stars for the look and 1 star for the poor construction . I will return it during the weekend.Frankly , I rather hang an umbrella upside down with some soft toys , play good music on my CD player for my baby than using this -LSB- thing -RSB- . Just another too hyped Toy .
 I have no idea how the other people were able to put it together . Maybe I was missing a piece . But , mine would n't connect .
 When I set this mobile up for my 2 month old son , he loved it ! It is bright and colorful with moving parts that caught his attention immediately . He liked the clssical music as well . It would keep him happy the entire time he watched it!About a week after I had it the problems began . It goes through the 3 AAA batteries within a week . The motor squeals so much that I returned the first one I bought , thinking it was defective , but the second one squeals as well . Now the mobile is not turning when it is turned on - the music plays but there is no motion . The on/off switch sticks.I will return this one and try one more time , but that is it . If my son did not love it so much I would have no problem parting with this poorly constructed mobile.Great design and concept-horrible construction !
 My son loved this mobile ... but ... the batteries keep running out quickly . I mean we were replacing them twice a week . Now the part that turns the mobile -LRB- blue ball -RRB- sticks . I am going to cut the toys off . My other son -LRB- they are twins -RRB- has a different mobile by sassy that came will pieces that could be changed as the baby gets older . I wish I would have bought two of those insead .
 We live in Okinawa , Japan , and received this from our relatives in the states . Our son loved it from 2 weeks of age , but less than 4 weeks later , it stopped working . The music plays , but the mobile will not spin . Tried everything to get it working again , but no success . We can not return it from here , since we do n't have a receipt and did not keep the packing slip . I would have given this 5 stars if it worked , but $ 40 is a lot to pay for a mobile , and not have it work . I guess we 'll continue to use the `` music box '' part of it , since we are unable to return it .
 My four month old LOVES his mobile , but I am very upset because it quit turning . Evidently , this is a common problem . I would buy it again because he loves it so much , but I wish I had kept my receipt ! I am going to try to call Tiny Love to see if they will replace it , but message said I would probably have to wait two weeks ! What am I going to do in the mean time ????
 A friend told me what a great mobile this was and how her son enjoyed it for months . I received it as a gift and was very excited when I put it on the crib . The colors are so bright , you can see baby gazing at the colors and animals!After about two weeks , the mobile stopped working . We changed the batteries , the music would play , but no movement ! I have been reading other reviews that have mentioned the same problem.It is quite expensive to work for a week then die !
 My son is only two months old , just when he is starting to get interested in the mobile , it stops working on us . With only about a month 's worth of use , the motor went out . The music still plays , but in is motionless . Of course I no longer have a box , much less a receipt . It seems as if mine is not the only one to do this , but maybe just a fluke . Otherwise , it is the best I have seen , just keep your receipt !
 My son loved this mobile . He was completely fascinated by the movements and shapes . I loved it too , until it quit working after 3 weeks . We exchanged it for another one hoping it was a fluke , but the second one quit working after 3 days . We decided to try a different brand . I just now discovered the reviews of how many other people have had the same problem . You would think a GOOD company would address this problem .
 My daughter was lying in her crib , and the whole mobile came apart . Each of the three arms fell down on my one week old babies face . And the noise that the parts make startled her . I am going to have to buy an bew mobile now and I definatly will not replace it with this model .
 This mobile looks nice , but the bulky attachment piece does n't fit our crib ! The top edge of the crib is scalloped and the mechanism bumps into the edge and wo n't tighten completely . My baby is n't born yet and I already have to return this . I like the motion and the music but they should streamline the design to fit different types of cribs .
 We received the mobile as a gift when my daughter was 4 weeks old . At first I was amazed ... my daughter was tracking the animals and watching the spinning circles , but after several sets of batteries later and 3 replacements -LRB- due to the button sticking , shrieking motor and poorly constucted parts -RRB- I would definitly give this one a thumbs down . I realize now that toys not only have to be stimulating to my daughter , but parent friendly as well !
 I bought this mobile because it has great reviews and it 's supposed to be the best one for child development . Well , It may look nice and be pleasing to your baby , until the head of the mobile falls off and hits your baby in the face . I followed the directions exactly and it was spinning and working fine , then out of no where the head of the mobile -LRB- the plastic arms with all the toys and plastic stuff -RRB- fell and hit my 2 month old son in the face ! My husband read the directions and attached it as well , and about five meinutes later it fell again . -LRB- Without my son under it -RRB- . We re-attached it many times per the directions and everytime it eventually fell . I called Tiny Love and they said they had many complaints of this nature about both Syphony-in-Motion Mobiles and they are working on the problem . But until it is re designed I would steer clear of this mobile ! My poor baby may be traumatized for life!It also has a very loud motor and plastic peices that slide back and forth as the mobile moves that are very loud and annoying !
 We received this mobile as a gift for our daughter and the motor that turns the blue ball at the top makes a loud churning noise when used . It 's very distracting and almost as loud as the music . We will be returning the mobile . Sorry to be so negative but it 's not what we expected .
 This thing is cute and expensive and thats all . I hate the mobile 1 . It makes a motor noise when its running , you ca n't hear the music . 2 . You spend a $ 100 in BATTERYS by the time your kid is 1 . It takes 4 dd A and I have replaced them 5 times and my daughter is 9 months old . I did n't get this until she was 3 months old now . So 5 months and $ 30 in batterys.So bacially its turns out the mobile really is $ 69.99 ! I would buy one that does n't need battery and much more simple ! The music to is good music but sounds like a bad recording .
 motor stopped after a month - exchanged it and the new one did the same thing after 3 weeks.GARBAGE !
 Our little one LOVED this mobile , she thought it was the best thing . Well , it was great , until the mobile broke-it stopped moving completely ! The music played , that was it . My husband is very good at fixing things and he could n't fix it . We returned it and got a new one-the SAME THING HAPPENED ! How frusterating ! We finally gave up and bought a different mobile-an Evenflo that does n't break ! Not worth the frustration .
 This is a good concept , but save your money and try another mobile . We registered for this and got it for a shower gift . Our son was very content to watch and listen , however this is VERY NOISY and after about 3 days of not much use , the mobile part FELL ON HIS HEAD ! It just separated from the body of the machine . It was put together correctly and everything . We tried to reassemble it , and within about an hour the same thing happened . Now he can only listen to the music , which is nice , but too bad the whole thing did n't work !!!
 We love how unique this mobile is and it keeps our 3 month old very entertained most times , but I think it is over priced for the problems that come with it .1 - It is unsafe because it tips over at the slightest touch . We do n't have a fancy crib , just very simple and oddly enough the mobile does not fit properly over the side . We have to wedge a blanket to keep it from tipping over all the time ! 2 - The motor is very noisy and so I ca n't use it to put my baby to sleep ; it 's only used for playtime.3-The On/Off button gets stuck sometimes .4 - It consumes far too many batteries , it 's already expensive .5 - It is an extreme hassle to have to change the batteries by having to take the entire thing off of the crib , then unscrewing the battery compartment and then painfully adjusting it back on the crib all over again.What an expensive crib mobile that only does half of it 's job , it should be half the price !
 Caution ! Do not purchase this unit ! I would strongly encourage any consumer not to purchase this mobile . I purchased this mobile and immediately had problems with it . The morning after installing this unit , the tripod arm holding the animals fell off the unit and hit my three-month-old son in the face . After installing the unit again to the instruction specifications , the unit fell on my baby 's head once again at a later time . I immediately packaged the unit up and returned it to ToysRus . I had it exchanged for the exact same unit , but I tested the unit in the store before leaving . It worked fine . I could not shake the tripod arm off the main unit . Less than a week later , this new unit will only play music but not rotate . This frustrates me . This unit should be bulletproof considering it is meant to dangle over a baby 's bed , and the price would make any other consumer assume the same . Do n't buy this unit until Tiny Love can make a better quality unit to keep it from falling on your baby 's face and malfunctioning within a weeks time . I will return this unit for a full refund and send a letter to Tiny Love stating my concerns .
 I bought this mobile for my daughter , and to my suprise today while she was napping the mobile actually fell on tops of her while she was asleep . It was hooked up correctly , as it has never done this in the 4 months we have had it . As a parent , I would consider finding a mobile that is strong , one that does n't just turn and snap into place , and will not fall on top of an infant . As a result my daughter has a welt on her forehead . As for the music , one would think that they would have put some well known songs from the composers , not some lesser known ones .
 I have had the same experience as others here . My daughter LOVES this mobile !!! I got two of them ... one for the crib at home , and another for the crib at the Montessori she goes to . The one at the Montessori gets used every day . We have n't used the one at home , yet , since she 's not sleeping in the crib , yet . Well , the mobile part started falling off while she was using it . ...
 I had to return this because it startled my two month old - as the mobile turns , objects slide noisily down the arms and frightened my son . The motor is also noisy compared to a wind up mobile.My son prefers a quiter , soothing mobile but best of all likes looking out the window at the sky and trees , watching leaves blow and listening to the birds and the crickets.Perhaps this mobile works for city babies who are used to startling sounds but this was too loud for my `` country '' lad.The classical music was nice , though .
 I bought this mobile after researching several . I decided to spend the extra money because the reviews for this were very high . I was extremely disappointed with this product , and returned it . If you have a crib with bumpers , this product does not attach well at all because it has to be behind the bumpers or mushes them down . It also falls over very easily by touch , and I did not feel it was safe for my son who moves around a lot in his crib . Finally , the motor is so loud it woke my son up as opposed to helping him fall asleep . The only positive aspect was the music , which was classical and had three selections . This is hard to find in other products . All in all , though , I suggest chosing something else .
 We thought this mobile was very cute when we got it , but after only 7 weeks of very limited use , the mobile stopped moving . The music still worked , but with the mobile broken , its pretty useless . I do n't think it was worth the money we spent on it , since there is no way for us to fix the mobile or get a refund from Amazon . Beware of the quality of this product !
 My daughter loves this mobile . It is fun , colorful and very entertaining ... when it works . We were very excited to get this as a gift since it costs about $ 40.00 . It worked for a day or two and then stopped moving so we unplugged the animated part and plugged it back into the base several times and it worked again for a few days and then quit moving altogether . The music works fine and she still loves to look at the toys on the mobile but we must get it replaced .
 This mobile is heavy , awkward and the remote control was missing from the box the mobile came in . I 'm not happy with it . Would not recommend .
 I was so excited to recieve this mobile as a gift . However , it has already stopped working TWICE . I 've contacted Tiny Love both times and have had the motor replaced , but my baby is only 3 months old ! And we do n't use it all day long . Usually , the only time my baby is in his crib awake is when I 'm in the shower . He loves the colors and characters on the mobile , which is nice . But it 's no fun for him to stare up at something that is n't moving at all . If I could redo my baby registry , I would n't bother with this mobile . For all the news about what a great item it is , it sure is a big disappointment .
 My husband and I loved this for our first son , however after two months the mobile slowed down and the music would not play . I returned it for another one and three weeks later the same thing happened with the new one . The mobile itself is a great idea but they still have many kinks to work out with it .
 My husband wanted this mobile very much for our new baby . It had gotten good reviews -LRB- no hint of mechanical problems then -RRB- so we were very eager to see how she responded to it . The mobile worked well for the first 3 months and our baby absolutely loved it . After three months , I went to change the batteries when it stopped working and found that one of the batteries had leaked from the compartment and taken the paint off of the crib . I 'm just glad it did n't leak down to where my daughter sleeps . After cleaning up the mess and installing new batteries , the mobile still did n't work . Then the arm fell off and landed on my daughter 's head . My husband -LRB- a mechanical engineer -RRB- worked hard at trying to repair the motor ; however , he was unable to solve the problem . A great concept ; lousy construction
 My husband and I put this in our registry and got it . I loved it at first then we put it together to find that the mobile part would n't stay on the unit and would fall off in the crib -LRB- ie ... where baby will lay -RRB- . When our baby was born we found that he loved it but it used so many batteries we hated it . Great idea on the push button instead of wind up , we did like that . Now that my baby is 10 months old we wanted to sell it and hopefully get some money for it but we simply ca n't because it does n't work anymore .
 Hi , I had seen some reviews before I bought it , that it would stop working after a few weeks . I figured it was a fluke and a few were bad . Boy was I sorry I bought it.My daughter just loved the mobile but after about 3 weeks it stopped working . And it did n't get excessive use . It 's such a cute product , and babies love the colors and music but the quality of the motor is not reliable at all.I didnt even bother getting another one since I figured the same thing would happen again .
 Our baby loved this mobile , but it broke after just two weeks of very light use .
 I have had 3 of these mobiles . With each one , the mobile head stopped turning after about 2 weeks to a month . I went through a slew of batteries before I figured out that it was the product itself . The first one I returned the store for a replacement . After the second one did the same thing , I bought an entirely new one . After the third one did the same thing , I called customer service . They said they would send out a replacement head , but they never did . Now I am on my second child , I received it for a gift again , and the SAME THING has happened . I am still waiting for my mobile head replacement -LRB- this tmim I called Tiny Love customer service right after it stopped working -RRB- . I love the music , but I just wish it would work !!!
 I liked this mobile when it worked , but unfortunately that was only about 10 percent of the time we had it . From the first unwrapping , I could n't get the music and the mobile arms to both work at the same time . If I unscewed things I could get one or the other to go a time , but there was obviously some electrical problem that never worked itself out . I 've heard similar things from some friends who had this , so I would n't recommend buying this mobile until the company works these issues out !
 I recieved this mobile as a shower gift . I followed the directions in setting it up in my 1 month old son 's crib . However , after about 2 minutes , the mobile apparatus fell on my son . The connection between the motor ball and the mobile toys became loose . I again tighten the connection as written in the directions . But it came out again -- 3 times ! -- So I returned it to the store and got another one . To my dismay , it happened again . Fortunately , my son was not hurt , just stunned ! I , of course , returned it back to the store . Too dangerous for a newborn !
 I love the design of this mobile , my baby does too ; the problem is that the mobile breaks within a week of use . I ordered 3 of these and had to return each one because they malfunctioned . Save yourself the time and choose another mobile . I do have the Geometric Shapes mobile from Tiny Love which has worked for months , however , I did not have this mobile shipped to me , I purchased it in a store . I do not know if the product becomes damaged while being shipped or if this particular design is defective , but I would strongly recommend choosing another mobile .
 The quality of this product is great , and it has performed well , no problems . I am basing my review on my baby 's reaction to the mobile and my annoyance at the hype that surrounds it . It seems that the last thing that my baby wants when she is trying to fall asleep is a musical freak show tumbling at her . She does n't like it for awake entertainment either , I guess for the same reason . The music that accompanies it is clunky like a cheap toy piano , which kind of defeats the purpose of it being classical music . No , you ca n't mute the music . The beads sliding around while it operates are noisy , but maybe babies like the `` white noise '' . The product claims to enrich your baby 's mind to the point of genius , which you learn by reading the small novel enclosed with the product , informing you that the Beetoven is for `` stimulation '' , the Bach for `` relaxing '' , and the Mozart for `` cognitive development '' . I was embarrassed that I had fallen for the hype and bought this mobile .
 I think this is a fantastic mobile with great music and 3 d motion . However mine stopped rotating after roughly 3 weeks and Tiny Love will not answer my queries . What use is an expensive mobile that doesnt aimate my baby ??
 I hardly used the product for 2 months and the mobile stoppedworking . The product costs $ 40 and does not even last a few months . in my opinion the product SUCKS ...
 I do not yet have my baby , but of course we are getting the nursery ready . The minute I saw this mobile I loved it . I bought it immediately . But when I attached it to our crib the animals were almost touching the mattress . A baby is not supposed to be able to reach the mobile , and so I am not taking any chances . I have read the other reviews and not too many people have had this problem , I do n't understand how other babies have not been able to reach the mobile . Anyway I have returned it .
 I am really glad I tried this Mobile out before the baby came . My husband and I thought that it was almost instantly annoying . I way prefer the old hand-wind version my 3 yr old had . The sliding shapes that move constantly as the mobile turns give off a clacking plastic noise . We have the crib in our bedroom and that would drive us nuts instantly . Maybe baby 's like it , but ours will like another once I return this one just as well too.And the music has a very canned midi sound to it . I 'd much prefer the old chimes of a one song mobile .
 I 've received this mobile for baby shower.Unfortunately I brought it back because it did n't work. : - -LRB-
 Our baby is n't even here yet & the mobile is already broken . The on/off button does n't work properly . When it did work , the motor was very loud . The music quality was awful . I ca n't imagine a baby falling asleep with this mobile on . We bought it yeasterday and we will be returning it tomorrow .
 I loved this mobile when I saw it but that is about all it has going for it , it 's cute.First , it doesnt stay up straight on our crib because it is so top heavy -LRB- very dangerous -RRB- . With the slightest movement it tips over.The motor is loudMusic is not crisp or clearThe fastener that is supposed to keep the mobile in place is bulky and made of cheap plastic.I have to return this over priced mobile for one that will actualy do what it is supposed to do . So if you are like me and loved it because it is cute ... beaware and hang onto your reciept .
 We received 2 of these mobiles and were very excited because they seemed cute and easy to put together . WRONG !!! Neither mobile worked . . the music would come on , but there was no movement . I called the company who promptly sent me two new motors . Neither of these worked either . A complete and total waste of time and money !
 When I had purchased the Symphony Animal Mobile , I was excited and so was my son at 6mo old . After a couple of days my son was in his crib playing and I hurd a noice and animal mobile had fallen on to my son and from that point on it kept falling everytime my son would play with it .
 Originalmente compr&eacute; un `` mobile '' de cuerda para mi beb&eacute; que estaba por nacer , pero m&aacute;s tarde en comprarlo que en arruinarse , son sumamente delicados y fr&aacute;giles . Por lo anterior decid&iacute; comprar este producto , por ser m&aacute;s resistente y por usar bater&iacute;as , lo que hace que tenga una duraci&oacute;n de hasta 45 minutos la m&uacute;sica y movimientos para nuestra beb&eacute; . Sin embargo , no me convenci&oacute; desde el principio , las figuras son un poco grandes y grotescas , la m&uacute;sica realmente no me gusta , le falta m&aacute;s vivacidad y las tres tonadas suenan muy parecidas , y hace mucho ruido al funcionar . No me arrepiento de haberlo comprado , pero verdaderamente considero que hay mejores productos a precios m&aacute;s accesibles .
 In the beginning it was great , our child loved it ! Until it started making an aweful squeeking noise . We returned it and got another thinking it was just faulty . Wrong , they are all like that after about a week . Now , the gears get stuck and it wo n't move . I think it was a great idea for babies , but for the price of it , you would think it would last more than a couple of months .
 I thought it was much more interesting than she did . She was much more interested in her plain Winnie the Pooh one , than this one . I do like the features and the 15 minutes of music , but she was n't interested .
 I agree with everyone else that has had a negative feedback for this item . Like many others , I thought this would be the ultimate mobile for our son ... with all the stimulating colors & animals & stuff . I feel very lucky that it has n't fallen on our baby 's head like many of the other people claim . Our problem has been that after only about a week the mobile stopped turning ... only the music plays . I took it back to the retailer and got a new one ... we 've had it going for 5 days and it too has stopped working . HERE IS THE PROBLEM WITH THIS OVER-PRICED MOBILE
 This was a great purchase - for about 3 days and then the mobile stopped rotating . I took it back and replaced it with one that did n't even play music when the batteries were put in . I thought `` three times a charm '' , so tried ANOTHER one and got the same results as the first -LRB- the third box I opened actually had someone else 's reciept in it , so I guess someone else had problems too -- love that Babies R Us put it back on the shelf to resell ! -RRB- I am going to try one more as my baby loves the thing , but do n't have too much trust that another is going to last . Would suggest Tiny Love talk to their quality control dept about his one ...
 I got this mobile for my son who is now 8 months old . When I put it together for him before he was born several things immediately went wrong . First , the mobile DID NOT turn at all . Each individual animal turned manually , but that 's it . Second , The arm that supports the mobile snapped in two once I hung the animals from it . Third , because one part of the mobile always hangs lower than the rest , if your child has long arms -LRB- like mine -RRB- he can easily pull the entire thing onto himself . Luckily I was standing right next to the crib when this very thing happened . It was very scary to see the mobile crashing down on my son 's face . No damage was done , but I took it back that same day . I now have the Sassy Deluxe mobile and we all love it . BE AWARE !!!
 This was one of the best things that we could buy for our child . It keeps him amused when he is in his crib and he gets so excited when I tell him that he is going to see his animals . The really bad part of this product is that I have had to return it 3 times and today will be my 4th b/c the mobile stops rotating . This is really aggravating , but the product is great when it does work .
 mobile stopped turning after about 1 week . there was a guy 2 people ahead of me in the Babies R US return line with the same problem
 I just thought I 'd tell you my experience with this mobile . I bought it myself after seeing the adorable monkey and attention grabbing colors and movement . About 2 weeks into using the mobile , it jammed . I pressed lightly on one of the arms and the whole mobile fell on my 2 month olds head . Thank goodness it only startled her and nothing terrible happened . I am very careful about assembling her toys properly and filling out registrations . The Tiny Love Co. still hasnt responded to my letter but I have been pleased with their other products . Just be careful with this mobile . The Ocean Wonders Aquarium by Fisher Price is a great find and its great to travel with !! It can be used much longer than any mobile .
 After much research , I chose this mobile for my son 's crib . Since he has not arrived yet , I can not rate it based on his reaction . But what I can rate is how it works ... NOT ! It was fairly easy to assemble following the directions , & the colors & music are perfect for the crib & a developing mind . However , after pushing `` on '' for only the 2nd time , nothing would happen . I switched out the entire set of batteries thinking that was the problem , & it worked again . But only for 2 more breif test runs . Went to turn it on again this morning just to see if it worked , & nothing happens again ! I even changed out the batteries again , & now NOTHING happens ... no music or movement . I will be returning this mobile & will choose another brand after reading the other unsuccessful reviews .
 The music quality was bad and it made other distracting noises as it moved . Baby could care less about it .
 First off - the first one we got did not work . We returned it to the store no problem . I just want to say , my baby ADORES this mobile , which is where the problem comes in . We used it after she was one month not quite every day -LRB- maybe 3-5 times a week -RRB- until shortly before she was 3 months old . It STOPPED working . The music would play but it would not budge . I called the company . I wrote the company . I am still waiting for a response TWO MONTHS LATER . They have yet to respond and I have given up.Last night , my husband finally decided to take matters into his own hands because she still looks at it and fusses that it does not move . Anyway , the motor works but it seems not to get enough juice . It works with the batteries connected directly to the mobile -LRB- and yes we tried replacing the batteries -RRB- . He said something about the weight and how it was attached , and I do n't know what else , but he was able to fix it eventually but says he could not fix the basic design flaw so it could happen again.Anyway , it is heavy , and I worry that it hangs so far down . But , she loves it . So , I guess you have to decide before you buy , if your child is over the moon over this mobile , are you willing to buy &#62; 1 ? Because I would not count on customer service or the durability of it , unless you are overjoyed about the prospect of trying to rewire the thing or willing to buy multiple ones , then you may want to avoid buying this and having this be your baby 's favorite toy .
 Initially I fell in love with this mobile because of the classical music for developing minds and cute contrasting characters for young eyes . But then we put batteries in it.The motor was as loud as the repetitive tinny music . And , when the little sliding pieces on the mobile arms move they make a clapping noise . Overall it is very noisy , distracting , and drove me crazy . How could a baby be calmed by this mobile ? So we returned it and went with the Deluxe Developmental Mobile by Sassy.The Sassy Mobile is quiet , has more music options -LRB- classical , lullaby , ocean waves -RRB- , a remote control , twelve -LRB- four reversable and four soft animals -RRB- contrasting interchangeable objects for different stages of vision development and , costs less.The Symphony Animal Mobile by Tiny Love is an example of `` you do n't always get what you pay for . ''
 WHEN I REGISTERED FOR THIS MOBILE I IGNORED THE REVIEWS THAT SAID IT FALLS APART BECAUSE I REALLY WANTED IT FOR MY BABY . IT IS A GREAT CONCEPT BUT IT DID FALL ON MY BABY 'S HEAD , IT ACTUALLY DOES NOT STAY ATTACHED TO THE ARM . WE HAVE TRIED NUMEROUS TIMES TO MAKE IT WORK BUT , IT KEEPS FALLING APART . DEFINATELY PLAN ON EXCHANGING IT .
 I had the same problem -- the mobile part with the animals has fallen on my 5 month old 's face not once ... but three times !!! The last time he got a bloody boo boo and I said that 's it -- I am taking this thing down from the crib -- I called Tiny Love and explained to them what happened and they told me that this has happened to other consumers as well -- they offered to send me a replacement part for the mobile -- something to due with the screw inside the tube being defective . . what screw ??? . . whatever !!! -- That was on March 3rd-I am still waiting for the part -- I have called 4 times -- and they keep telling me its on the way -- there was a back order on the replacement part . . that does not sound too comforting ... how many complaints have there been ??? I called them AGAIN today -- and I told them by the time I get the replacement part my son will be old enough to put the mobile together himself !!!!
 I thought this mobile was great , until the on/off button broke . It broke before my daughter was 2 months old . I returned it andgot another , that lasted for about 1 more month . I am giving up!I really liked it and so did my little girl , but it is n`t worththe hassle . Not to mention the batteries are hard to replace , andit uses them like Crazy ! Do n`t buy this unless you enjoy returning items , over and over .
 I bought this mobile for my daughter because of the educational value of it . Plus it seemed so much prettier and brighter than the other mobiles.I got it home and put it together and attached it to the side of the crib . I was so excited ! It plays nice classical music and the little animals are darling ! The little circle things spin and it has these little stuffed rings that slide around on it . I thought it was SO neat ! A few nights later while my daughter -LRB- only 3 weeks old at the time -RRB- was sleeping in her crib , she started screaming . I stumbled in there thinking she wanted to eat , only to find that her mobile had flipped around and fallen on her ! I was amazed ! I fixed it and tried to tighten it to the side of the crib . It would n't get any tighter . So I left it . It happened 3 more times so I finally just removed the mobile part from the music box.I called Tiny Love to tell them about my problem . I indicate to them that the mobile itself is way too heavy for the music box and it makes the music box turn which makes the mobile fall on the baby . The CSR tells me that they 've had several complaints and are referring them to their legal department ? In the meantime they promise to send me out a replacement . That was almost two months ago . Everytime I call they say that it 's on backorder or it 's already been shipped . When they say it 's been shipped , I request a tracking number for the package but they say that they ca n't give it to me . I finally filed a complaint with the Better Business Bureau ! This is ridiculous!This unsafe product should be recalled and this company should have to go out of business due to their LOUSY customer service !
 We bought this mobile because we liked other Tiny Love products we have purchased . Unfortunately , it does n't fit well on our crib , and after 3 weeks , the motor has burned out . I 've ordered a new one from Tiny Love 's website , but users on their website say they have n't gotten any response . I would n't bother with the repairs , but my 3 week old son really likes the music and stares at the shapes -LRB- that used to rotate -RRB- . I 'll give it one more shot , then i 'm returning it for my money back . *************************************************************** Ok , so with some ingenuity I was able to get it to fit the crib . It 's not the mobile 's fault , but our crib has a wide moulding at the top edge . A bit of foam and some tweaking and it 'll work.As for the motor , yes it did burn out rather quickly , and I contacted the manufacturer . I had a new motor to my house WITHIN DAYS ! I was very pleased with their quick response . Funny thing was that the new motor did n't burn out . I used the mobile until my son could reach up and grab the animals -LRB- and not let go -RRB- . Even when he held the animals , the motor tried to keep spinning . Maybe just a faulty original.Will definately keep this mobile for second baby in a couple of years .
 This toy lasted one day and the mobile part stopped turning . It is an ugly looking toy and it is not worth $ 40 . I read some reviews rating 5 stars but in my opinion star is more than enough .
 This is a wonderful mobile when it is working ... However , when the motor burns out after 1 months use , which I gather from calls to Tiny Love happens more than they would like to admit , the customer service and replacement has been worthless.I might as well have gone out and bought a brand new mobile -LRB- from a different company -RRB- rather than deal with Tiny Love.I have replaced the mobile with the FISHER-PRICE Aquarium , which my little man loves.So , for all you new moms and dads out there looking for the perfect item to get your little one to rest , and give yourself some in the process , I 'd skip right past the Tiny Love mobile and move onto the Aquarium . Save yourself the $ 40 and the aggravation .
 Yep , my little guy loved this mobile too , but after using it for less than 10 times , it sounded like it needed new batteries . When I opened the case one of the them had exploded . My husband cleaned out the battery compartment and discovered that something was making the batteries untouchably hot - the battery casings started to melt in a matter of minutes . This is a huge fire hazard . Buy a different mobile !
 I was very excited about this mobile after reading thegreat reviews here . When we set it up , though , it wouldnot move and I had to return it . The music sounds tinnyto the extent that I could not recognize the pieces , although I am familiar with most of Beethoven and Mozart ` scompositions . Cute concept , , but poor execution . And why doall mobiles fit only cribs , why not have a mount that can befixed elsewhere
 I have to agree with Amarillo Texas . My sister purchased this very cute mobile for our baby which is due in August . My husband and I put it together only to find the same problem . I am sending it back as well and I am very unsure of purchasing another even though it is such a neat mobile . We are very dissapointed . All I can think about is it falling on our baby 's face when we are asleep .
 I put this mobile on my registry and received it as a gift at my shower . I tried and tried to get it to stay on the crib , but had no luck . I am disappointed that I had to return this mobile . It is a shame that they do n't make them to fit a variety of crib shapes .
 Yes , along with most of you I thought this was a very cute mobile . But , the first time I changed the batteries I noticed that my crib was completely scratched . I called Tiny Love and was told that that only happens if it does not fit your crib , however the only way to know if it fits your crib is by putting it on . The cs rep was going to talk to the owner of the company and get back to me . Well , that was about a month ago and I have yet to hear anything .
 I 've received this mobile for baby shower.Unfortunately I brought it back because it did n't work. : - -LRB-
 Although I think this mobile is really cool looking and my twins definately seem fascinated by it - the motor makes this horrific squeaking noise every time it makes a rotation . I would rather listen to someone scratch there fingernails across a chalkboard . We returned one thinking it was a problem unique to that particular mobile , but the second one we bought does the same thing . Obviously these things have a major design flaw . Very disapointed !
 We bought this mobile when our son was about a month old and he absolutely loved it . The animals are very cute and the music is pleasant . It kept him entertained for hours . But after about 7 weeks , the mobile part quit spinning . The music still worked . We took it back and got another just like it . After putting it together , it did n't work at all . As much as my son loved it , I think it is time to move on to another name brand of mobiles !
 My son loves this mobile but it is the 2nd one we got the first stoped working after two months , so i went and got another one that one only lasted 2 weeks . i tried changing the batteries and finally i gave up i bought diferent mobile . I hung the little animals on my sons new mobile -LRB- Not a tiny love mobile -RRB- and he loves it ! It is sad that tiny love would make a product that does not last . If it did last i would recommend it to everyone ! : -LRB-
 We thought it looked great , we thought the music sounded pretty good , and our baby seemed to like it also . However , we really did not have a chance to test it for long because it stopped working three days after we set it up . What a piece of -LSB- crud -RSB- ! Not only that , but the connection between the mobile and the motor is very weak and shoddy . When the motor stopped turning the mobile inexplicably , the mobile came off its connector and fell in our baby 's face ! Luckily mom was standing there when it happened or Tiny Love would have a lawsuit on its hands . We were excited to receive it as a baby gift because we had heard that Tiny Love made good products , but now we will think twice about getting any more of their stuff in the future . Also , I agree with the other reviewers that the motor noise was almost as loud as the music . If they would spend as much time correcting the design flaws as they do on appearance , they might have a decent product . Avoid this product it is a piece of -LSB- crud -RSB- !
 We received this mobile , which we registered for , as a shower gift . We put it together right away , but when we tried to put it on the crib we found that the angle of the rotating motor makes the bottom animal rotate way too close to the crib mattress . The baby is n't even here yet , and I could tell that if we left it up the animals would actually brush across his face ... annoying , not to mention the danger of the small parts being that easily reached by the baby . It is a really cute mobile , and the box did say fits MOST cribs , so maybe ours was a fluke , but I would suggest trying to find one on display in the store and thinking about how it will fot your crib before registering or purchasing one .
 We purchased this mobile for our 3 month old son after we realized that wind up mobiles were for the birds . This one was great - and he absolutely loved it . We used it maybe a dozen times before the motor quit . Took it back to the store & exchanged it for a new one ... . SAME THING !! The new one made it three weeks before it died too ! Returned it and got our money back . Would have been a WONDERFUL mobile if the motor were made better .
 These are not BPA free which I didnt even realize until after I purchased ... I would not recommend these !
 I 'm a grandmother , so what do I know ? But everyone says BPA free is good and Sassy stuff is a mixed bag - some products are and some are not . This one is not , apparently . Consumers must be vigilant as more and more of our products are coming from countries that have no regulations or scruples about how a product is made or what it is made of . More than ever , buyer beware . I sent this purchase back rather than take a chance .
 These are very small and fit over his privates nicely , but they do n't stay in place when he moves his legs ! A washcloth strategically placed worked much better . I would n't get these again .
 We bought this playard as a bassinet and second changing station for our soon to be born second daughter . We have another playard in the upstairs of our home by graco that we are using as a changing table . With the Evenflo , my husband and I could not figure out how to put the thing together even with the instruction booklet ! Once we got it together , we could n't get the bottom to lock correctly . We have 4 cats and anytime any of them would get underneath the lock would pop back up . The bassinet looked like it could be a safety hazard , even a small amount of weight in it would cause it to sag in the middle . The matteress was very soft , which worried me about suffocation problems with the sagging . We promptly returned the item the next day and bought a graco -LRB- 30 dollars more -RRB- and did n't have any problem setting it up , never once needed instructions , and the lock worked correctly and the bassinet was MUCH sturdier . Plus it had a mobile and a station to keep diapers and a music center . All in all the evenflo was pretty , but not worth spending $ 30 less . Buy a graco !
 This crib was supposed to fold up easily after use , but did not . After 1 use it broke . Never , never buy this !
 Bought it because of the lower price . Now I know why it is cheaper . After using it about ten times , the side latch broke . Now I am stuck with it , ca n't get a refund so am going to have to buy another one . Buy a Graco . not an Evenflo .
 I bought this product on sale for $ 40 and it is still not worth the money ! I had it replaced because the bottom would not lock ... and they sent me another one that would NOT lock . Also , you can not use sheets with this mat because of where the velcro for the mat to connect to the bottom is connected . So , if you get one that is locking correctly ... and you do n't want to use a sheet for when baby spits up/has accidents etc. . . then this product might be worth your money !
 I am giving this product a rating of one star because it does not , in fact , have a changer included , despite it saying that in the product name and description .
 I thought evenflo had pretty good products , until I got this playpen!The mat that goes in bottom is way too thin . There may be 1/8 inch of padding , IF you 're lucky . Also , one of the side/corners is coming unstitched .
 The rocker was fairly easy to assemble and seemed sturdy . We gave this to our granddaughter on Christmas day . Unfortunately , one of the runners broke on the 29th after only 5 days of use ! For $ 60 you 'd expect a quality product , but not so with this child 's rocking chair . Extremely disappointed with this purchase and would definitely not recommend anyone purchase it . I do n't think it 's safe for a child 's use considering one of the rocking runners snapped in two creating a potential safety hazard to the child . Good thing an adult was present .
 The chair came , box sealed with box and contents in good condition . Everything was in the box except the rockers . Without rockers , it is not much as a rocking chair . I suppose if we put some plastic covers on the feet that would go in the rockers , it might be a nice little chair to sit in .
 This gate will not keep your children safe simply because it opens on it 's own . Like others people who have reviewed this product our gate opened all the time even in the middle of the night . I 'm in the midst of contacting evenflo and strongly suggesting that they recall the product before a child gets badly injured or worse.Do yourself and your children a favor and stay clear of this gate .
 The Evenflo SimpleEffort Plus gate is quick to install with or without the included extensions , sports an attractive color , boasts a clever hands-free design , and I would absolutely award it 5 stars ... IF IT WORKED!To make a long story short , this diabolical item self-activates and swings open every 5-15 minutes . My son waits to hear the loud `` click '' and crawls to freedom . You 'll notice I 'm not the only reviewer to cite this problem . -LRB- Note
 There have recently been several deaths lately due to these . This is a highly dangerous , unsafe type of carrier . There are MANY other types that are safe and beneficial out there -- check out BabyWearing sites for more info or check out the ones I mentioned above . Also , avoid the Baby Bjorns -- they 're hard on the parents ' backs and not good for baby spines and general development , either , esp . when they get older . I 've been babywearing for years and speak from a lot of experience . Find a babywearing group in your area and go try the many different styles available . Once you find the right one for you , you 'll love it and so will your little one -LRB- s ! -RRB- Moby Wrap Original 100 % Cotton Solid Baby Carrier , BlackErgo Baby Sport Baby CarrierHotslings Adjustable Pouch Baby Carrier , Full BloomEllaroo Mei Tai Baby Carrier - Hershey
 The problem with this one was that my son 's head kept falling into it and it would wrap around his face . We tried it a few times and each time he was terrified . Maybe we were doing it wrong but , if we were , they should have made it easier . However , if we were , then they designed this all wrong . Certainly not for a tall baby and possibly not for any other infants .
 Please note that this carrier is UNSAFE and has been recalled by Infantino . They no longer make or sell this product because several infants died in it . These types of baby carriers - bag style with a deep pouch are very unsafe . Please do not purchase this product . There are much better user-friendly and safe baby carriers out there .
 I bought this carrier strictly for the purpose of nursing on the go . As the box itself advertises . However , even with a 9 lb baby I could not get her positioned inside to nurse and be in the sling at the same time . It is too deep for nursing and the sling is too hot for my baby to ride in in 60 degree weather . I returned this sling after two weeks of use .
 I bought this before my son was born . He hated it . He screamed each time i put him in it . This sling seemed to swallow him up . His head seemed too far up yet there was alot of room towards his feet . I think if they redesigned this sling with the straps down just a few more inches , it would be great . Hear that Infantino ???? REDESIGN THE SLING !!!!!! The pros
 I was hoping to be able to put my daughter in it and have two hands free to get something done . She had colic and wanted to be held all the time , basically in that position . It just seemed like she was too big for it . Her head just gets lost in it and she hates it . She is only 9 weeks old now and I thought I would get some use out of it for a few months . But she just wo n't tolerate it ! It was almost as if she was going to sufficate in it the way her head was in it . It has a piece of material in it that you velcro and strap them in so that they do n't fall out or move . It seems like that piece needed to move down in order to give her head some room . It just did n't work for us and I do n't see how it would work for anyone else , unless they only want to use it for the first 4 weeks or so while the baby is still very small .
 Correct positioning in a sling or pouch involves keeping the baby in good alignment and making sure that airflow is good . This carrier has so many flaws that I urge anyone who receives one as a gift to return it , if you have one that you can not return , cut the straps and throw it away , and please contact the manufacturer and let them know what a poor design this is . I 've used over 130 different brands of carriers in the past 13 years and this is one of the worst designs out there.Problems :1 . It anchors newborns in a poor position . Airflow is limited by excess fabric and the position of the baby is `` parallel '' to the rails of the sling -- it should be diagonal for proper positioning . This means that the fabric of the sling will tend to force the baby 's chin to the baby 's chest , which could cause positional asphyxia , especially in tiny babies or babies with low muscle tone .2 . The `` purse-like '' shape entirely hides the baby from the parent 's view . This limits visual stimulation and eye contact , and restricts the carrier to only one position , and the position is a poor one for most babies .3 . While most ring slings and pouches are useful from birth to toddlerhood , this carrier is so poorly designed that while its guidelines say `` to 20 pounds '' in reality it is not likely to be usable past the first couple months of life due to body length . Also , the weight distribution is poor , which also limits the usefulness .4 . I am a plus size mama . When I put my 20 pound child in the carrier , it stretched down to my knees and I could not actually make it tight enough that it would not sag inappropriately . I do not see how any average-sized parent could make this fit -- the baby would always be hitting a parent 's thighs , which is both uncomfortable for the parent and unnecessarily jarring for the baby . When I tightened it as far as it would go , it still sagged unreasonably . I have many , many carriers and I have never found a carrier that I could not make work at some level -- with this carrier I would prefer to carry my baby on my shoulders or in my arms or tie them on with a bedsheet -- it would be safer and more comfortable.I recommend people explore unpadded and lightly padded ring slings -- Maya Wrap , Zolowear , Sleeping Baby , Taylormade . Upmama does a nice slightly structured ring sling that is very easy for beginnners . Stretchy wraps are also very nice for the under-20-pound set . For older babies and toddlers , a good mei tai or structured buckle carrier like Ergo or Beco will allow easy carrying through a much larger size range . If people want simple , pouches like Hotslings or Chic Papoose are a great alternative .
 We tried to put our 22 '' 9.5 lb baby in this sling . We strapped her bottom into the little holder and my wife slung it over her shoulder . Unfortunately , this sling seems to crunch our baby in on herself so her nose is practically touching her chest . It ca n't be a good position for keeping a nice open airway . I do n't get how anyone can use this thing without their baby being folded in half .
 Having received both a Snugli and a Sling , I was n't sure which one to keep so I tried them both out . Unfornunately this did n't live up to my expectations . Its uncomfortable after about 8 pounds and is awkward for my baby . Her head falls to one side & she sweats profusely in it in just a diaper . The strap does n't give you any support , constantly slipping down and its impossible to do anything like work around the house or take a long distance walk . The snugli was much better for that , although its harder to get the baby in and out , especially while sleeping . She did fall asleep immediately in it but woke up when she got too hot about an hour later .
 A baby recently -LRB- Spring 2009 -RRB- died of asphyxia in this sling . -LRB- Google `` Fowler and Slingrider '' -RRB- The manufacturer is being sued .
 Lousy ! My daughter , who is considered average for her height and weight , r never fit in it properly . It felt uncomfortable to wear . What a WASTE !!!!
 I was a carrier novice then I purchased this before my baby was born . This was the first sling I used , and I first put my son in it at 10 days old . I did like the `` swaddle '' feature , I felt like at least he would n't fall out of it . But , the sling was n't at all comfy for a post-partum mom . It also was n't that well-designed , and I agree about having the wrong ratio of room at the top of the head . I felt like he was at an awkward angle , and nursing in this thing sucked big time . I eventually gave up on this thing LONG before the weight limit . It was too shallow to do a tummy-to-tummy or a `` buddha '' carry , and the shoulder is completely uncomfortable.I graduated to a Moby Wrap at about 3 months old , and to ring slings at around 4 months old , and then at around 8 months old , to Hotsling pouch slings.I ca n't imagine a 20 pound baby in this thing !
 Love the look and concept of this product , however it did n't work for us . Katie is 3 1/2 mos old and weighs 12 lbs and is too big for this . Manufacturer states this is for newborns up to 20 lbs . Katie was too squished up inside to be comfortable .
 I bought this sling and the ultimate baby wrap to see which one my baby and I liked better . The answer is neither . I am 5 ' 6 '' and around 130 lbs , my daughter is 21 '' and about 7.5 lbs . It is easy to wear , but she sank so far within the sling she could n't see out and this made for a very unhappy baby . Also , I had to adjust the buckle all the way to one side so that I was n't kicking my baby as I walked , which left a long strap hanging down my back . I liked the design and pattern , but it just was n't working for either of us , so I had to return it .
 I would not recomend this sling for use with infants over 10 lbs . I purchased this sling because I had always wanted to try a sling in contrast to a front style carrier . I was so dissapointed in this sling that I returned it after attempting to use it several times.Firstly , breastfeeding is impossible in contrast to the claims omn the package . Even on the shortest setting , my baby hung below my hip level , encapsulated by the thick material . I might as well have used a duffel bag as a carrier.Additionally , the design was poor . The interior harness was positioned in such a way as to allow insufficient room for the head and too much for the feetImmediatly upon entering the sling , my calm baby would scream and cry until I took him out . He preferred the freedom of an upright carrier rather than being immobilized by this sling . He would be red and damp with sweat . In fact when I 'd take my baby out , the ridged imprints of the elastic were imprinted on his face.If your baby is older than six weeks or so , I would not reccomend this item . Perhaps this may useful for a baby that is newborn who mostly sleeps .
 the product was not as pictured it was all apart in the boxthere was no bear or a stuffed animal they might have put the wru \ ong order in the box but supposly the refunded my money I need to wait to see the bill
 I would n't even give this a full star ! I loved my single Graco stroller and thought purchasing the DuoGlider would be a great purchase . However , after using it for less then three months , the front left wheels became very stiff and difficult to maneuver . The fabric on the bottom of the stroller also began to tear from being moved in and out of my SUV . The front canopy and tray need to removed whenever folding the stroller and they are a pain to snap back into place . I wish I did my research and am pleased that the store that I purchased this stroller from was more than willing to take it back . I 'm a smarter consumer now and I 'm looking forward to picking up my new stroller .
 I ca n't believe this is still being sold.I bought this stroller when my 2nd daughter came along , because we trusted the Graco name , and we really like our Graco single stroller . This stroller was obviously not designed by the same stroller design team . It has so many problems , where do I start ?! 1 . You need 2 hands to unfold the stroller and to recline the seat . Not ergonomically sound when you have a baby in one arm .2 . Brakes require 2 steps , a step on the left side and a step on the right side .3 . The basket has already torn on me and I hardly use it because it 's so hard to access your stuff once you put them in it .4 . The pivot point for opening/closing the basket is formed by 2 hooks -LRB- ??? -RRB- that does not stay in place , and can get hooked onto other parts of the stroller .5 . The canopy of the front seat slips out too easily . No wonder you see a lot of parents just take it out altogether .6 . When you put an infant seat in the back seat and close the canopy of both the infant seat and the stroller , there is no ventilation for the baby :O :O They should have use mesh material for part of the canopy as they did for my single stroller7 . The front tray gets in the way of you collapsing the stroller , so it never really sits flat when collapsed . You see a lot of parents take this tray out altogether too.One advantage it does have over my single stroller is that , with its small wheels , it 's more maneuverable.I think they have come out with a newer version , maybe that would be a better buy . This one , a very badly designed piece .
 I am so disappointed in this stroller . My twins are now 6 months old . B/G and there is a big weight discrepancy between them . I have had the stroller tip back on me 3 times . At first I thought the added weight of the carriers were contributing . So I went out and bought 3-1 convertible seats for when they are older and installed them rear facing . But it has also happened 2 other times without the carriers . My heart dropped to my stomach each time . The very first time , I did n't have my son buckled in , but I still caught him from the adrenaline rush . Since then I always buckle them in . The seatbelt system is a pain and gets old real quick . It 's a five point system , but not like car seats . This stroller may be fine if your twins are close in weight , but one of mine is 15 lbs and the other 22lbs . I have tried the heavier one in the front and back and it still tips . I have been saving up money to get a side-by-side stroller . It gets scratched up easy when you are folding it up . The canopy tends to get stuck under the seat , when you are opening it . The unlocking latch is a serious pain in the rear end . It seems fine in the store , but after using for a few months . I really would NOT recommend this stroller !
 I ordered this stroller after reading the description of the item . When i received th item my 2nd baby wz a month old and I hardly took both of them together out.recently since I had no help I had to take both of them with me ... Let me tell you my Garco car seat does n't fit in it and the stroller shakes soo bad when my older son sits in the front who is 2 yrsOld . Would like to return it . Really unhappy . It is not what it says in the website .
 Our twins are not due until November but we bought this ahead of time . It was easy to put together and folds up smaller than I thought . I would give it 5 stars once I know how it navigates with the babies in it.EDIT
 should have gotten a jogging stroller instead . this thing is huge . i would run into everything . save your money and get a joggind stroller
 I spent hours and hours of research trying to find the perfect stroller and this was not it . The hardest part is that the basket does not drop down when the baby is in the carrier in the back so there is not great access to the basket . Other models do have this feature . On trips we had to take the baby out when going into buildings with a scanner so they could check our diaper bag . The canopies fold in a very akward way and are hard to put on once they come off . Do not buy this model .
 ` Engineered ' apparently by people who never had kids . I have twins and this is a disaster every time we go out . I dread going out simply because the stroller is so horrible to use . 1 -RRB- HEAVY . Make sure you start weight training NOW if you ever expect to use this stroller . The latch folding system is terrible and usually does n't work . 2 -RRB- SAFETY ISSUE
 Es con la unica cosa que he tenido problema , las compre hace un mes y no me han llegado , llame por telefono a target y me dijeronq ue mandara un e-mail , lo mande y me dijeron que no hablaban espanol , el chiste es que mis toallitas nunka llegaron y pague por ellas . .
 These wipes were much thinner than I expected/remembered . I had to use at least 3 at a time . I wo n't buy these again .
 Last month , Feb. 10 , I ordered one box this wipes . But when I opened it today , all bag showed the exp .12 / 31/2006 . I am wondering how to contact them .
 This is a great stool for a daycare , but it is large and a little too heavy for a home environment . It is difficult to store and heavy to move from one location to the next despite that it is hollow insite . I love that it had handles , but still returned it because it just was too much . It also has the name written `` potty stool '' written across the stool where everyone can see it . In the return I wasted only 7 dollars , but overall they compensated me the rest and that was good .
 When my daughter started using utensils -LRB- around one year of age -RRB- , we purchased these , hoping they would be safer than the metal ones , but useful enough that she could feed herself without getting frustrated.The forks BARELY pick up food , and the spoons are very shallow . The design on the handles make it hard for a toddler to grip tightly -LRB- the handles are very thin and wide and sort of sharp on the edges - not comfortable for her to grip with her little fist -RRB- . They are dishwasher safe , but we 've had more luck with the heavy duty disposables sold at the grocery store . We also wash those in the dishwasher . They are easier for my daughter to use , as they actually pick up food , are easy and lightweight , and can be thrown out after a few uses.So skip these , and get some disposables . Or get a sturdy plastic fork and spoon -LRB- she 's got one of those , too ! -RRB- These are useless . You 'd be better off with a collection of sporks from 7-11 .
 I attempted to find out from Internet searches and a call to Philips whether this conversion kit would work with my Lansinoh Double Affinity pump . No source would clearly state which pumps the product works with , only that it fits most standard pumps . There are n't really that many electric pumps out there - you 'd think Philips could just purchase one of each and give consumers a list of compatible pumps . But I digress . For less than $ 10 , I figured I 'd give it a shot . Short story - neither converter that comes in the kit will fit my pump .
 This is the first review I have ever done . But after losing pumped milk many times -LRB- again today ! -RRB- , I felt compelled to inform other moms . I have the new Avent Natural bottles and bought this adapter to use with my medela freestyle pump . However , I am having lots of problems with leakage around the adpater ring and the bottle . I was hoping to avoid transfering bottles but ca n't afford to waste any more milk . Sadly , I have to go back to regular bottles that do n't need the adapter .
 I am currently using the adapters to connect my Medela Symphony Kit to my Avent bottles.Cons :1 . The adapters leak where it screws into the bottle . It is very annoying to pump and still leak milk all over your clothes.Pros :1 . It can be used with Medela kits .
 I bought this cream for my 6 months old baby and after using it for a couple of days I could n't stand the smell of it . This cream has an extremely strong smell for a baby cream . Smells like my old aunt 's perfume and I ca n't believe this can be good for my baby 's skin . Do n't buy this because it will sit on your drawer .
 After reading several reviews I purchased this facial cream for my 1 and 2 yr . olds who both have sensitive skin . The amount of perfume in the cream was suprising to me and do not feel comfortable using it on their faces . I do like the texture butnot all of the chemicals
 It is too much fragrant , and too much water . It could not protect baby ' skin especially in winter . Allergy to my son .
 My son had a little rash/maybe some eczema on his face . I used this for a couple days and it got worse . I bought some Weleda brand Calendula cream for his face , and it instantly got better . I now use the calendula cream twice a day and his skin on his face has been great ever since I started using it three months ago .
 After having my car seat installed by a certified car safety seat inspector , we learned items like this one are not crash tested and should NOT BE USED . You should only use the items that come packaged with your car seat.Bottom line -- I love my child more than how the interior of my car looks . This item and others were immediately returned !!
 My husband purchased this product , wanting to keep our leather seats clean . When I had my carseat professionally installed , the installer showed me how the carseat slips more easily with this soft undermat on the leather . She said that the seat would never be a tightly installed with a flexible undermat and therefore this product is not recommended as being safe .
 I like the pockets in the front , but the undermat slides too much . I bought a rubber mat instead , although it lacked the pockets .
 I thought this product was the greatest thing unitl I went to install the car seat in the car with this underneath . I have leather seats in my car and this product did not hold the car seat in a secure . The car seat slid around when this product was underneath it . I am sure for cloth seats it would have been fine . I ended up using a regular towel to protect the seat and it holds the car seat just fine .
 My husband and I had one of these in our car and loved it ! Beware though ... When we went to a car seat inspection , we were told that these are not actually approved for use under a car seat !
 We received 2 of these and were thrilled , thinking we would save our seats from harm . When we had our seats installed by a certified car seat technician -LRB- not all police officers are certified techs -RRB- , we were told not to use these mats . They can A -RRB- void your carseat 's warranty and B -RRB- be very dangerous as they may cause your seat to slip , even if it seems tight . The technician would NOT install our seats with these , so we took them back . I would rather have a safe child and dented seats than an injured or dead child and perfect seats.Another reviewer mentioned the Might Tite - again , we were told do not use this product as it is not tested to work with carseats and could come loose in an accident .
 These sounded like a good idea at the time we purchased them . Unfortunately , the state police trooper who installed our seat instructed us not to use them . Anything placed under the car seat can compromise the safety of the seat . The car seat will slide . Please do n't buy ANY undermats .
 Thought I was protecting my brand new leather car seat until today when we switched to the next type of car seat - hundreds of black spots from the mat in the leather that I can not remove . Already spent more wasted money buying leather cleaners to try and remove with no luck . Not only a waste of money for product but now will cost me who knows how much to repair the leather . Stay away from this product !
 This product surely protects my leather seats but my car seat seat slides around on the seat when its in place . i 'm taking mine out of the car today . I 'll try it again when my son moves out of the infant carrier and into the big car seat .
 I think this is a waste of money . Not very useful . There are better ones out there .
 We bought a car seat protector like this -LRB- do n't think it was this brand -RRB- and took it along with our infant car seat carrier to the local police station , since we 've read that 70-80 % of car seats are improperly installed . The officer who installed the seat would not use it , saying that after-market products like this are absolutely not recommended . The only thing that passes muster with public safety folks , apparently , is a piece of rug pad , which helps the base grip the seat in addition to providing some protection of the upholstery . Does n't look great , but it 's better than thinking you 've installed your seat securely when in fact it is n't safe !
 My husband and I had one of these in our car and loved it ! Beware though ... When we went to a car seat inspection , we were told that these are not actually approved for use under a car seat !
 I purchased this product with the best of intentions , It was wonderful . I didnot have the slipage issues as did others and the mesh pockets were pretty helpful as well . BUT , while cleaning out my car today I was so very angry to find that where my infant carrier and base were there is a big black stripe across the back seat AND where I have only had the full size carseat 2 months there are dozens of black dots on the seat that now make my tan leather look mildewed.Will not clean off !! BEWARE OF THIS SEAT `` PROTECTOR '' . I will be calling the manufacturer to complain .
 This mat should be bigger . It hardly covers much of the seat beyond the car seat . Also , it is a bit flimsy and moves around with each person who sits in the back . A beach towel would work much better ! Only good thing about it is the pockets . They are very handy .
 I went to the CHP office to get my car seat checked , and the officer said that car seat protection mats are not approved and considered a major safety hazard because it causes the car seat to become loose . If you use these mats , the car seat will not be installed tightly enough and can be a real danger during automobile accidents . DO N'T BUY !!
 My husband and I had one of these in our car and loved it ! Beware though ... When we went to a car seat inspection , we were told that these are not actually approved for use under a car seat !
 We had our car seat checked at the local police station , and the safety officer recommended that we not use anything under our car seat . In case of an accident or a problem with the car seat , using any additional product -LRB- such as this mat or an attached fleece covering -RRB- may void the warranty of your car seat !
 I bought two of these undermats and wish I had not . They do not `` grip '' our cars leather seats and cause the infant car seats to slide a bit . We had our car seats inspected and the police officers doing the inspection said not to use these liners . They advised us the us to use shelf liner . I instead purchased the Prince Lionheart undermat that has the same sort of soft tacky feel as the recommened shelf liner . It works the same and is more attractive .
 This is an after market product and has NOT been crash tested . It could cause your child 's seat to fail in a crash and seriously injure the child or worse . I am a tech and we remove these when people bring in a seat with one to a clinic . If it does n't come with your seat DO NOT use it without first consulting a Certified Child Passenger Safety Technician who is trained in car seats .
 I registered and received this mat as a shower gift . I took it with me when I got my car seat installed by a certified installer and he warned me that it was unsafe with leather seats becuase the vinyl would just make the surface very `` slippery '' for the car seat . He suggested that I get a mat with something other than nylon , like rubber - something that would grip to the leather .
 This was a nice idea and I thought it would be great for protecting the car seat and also hold toys , bottles , etc. . However , like several reviewers have already noted , it just does n't like to stay put . We have fabric seats and this undermat is just too flimsy to stay put . It is always bunched up underneath the car seat . I try tugging it out , but to no avail . When I went to a safety inspector to test my car seat , they pulled this out and instead placed a cheap rubber shelf liner underneath ! Protects the seat and is sticky enough to keep the car seat from sliding around . That 's what I suggest you do instead of buying this .
 Although I have nothing against this product , I too went to get my car safety inspected by the California Highway Patrol and was advised not to use any after-marketing accessories . This product has not been crash testing and I did find that the car seat had less `` grip '' with the seats and more `` give '' . He advised me to use grip lining -LRB- typically used for shelves -RRB- and I purchased a color to match the interior .
 I purchased the mat for my leather seat , and used it for about 3 months . It appeared to be working fine , but when I went to remove the mat from my car , was I in for a rude awakening ... . My leather seat was completely damaged -LRB- with hundreds and hundreds of indented black spots that resulted from the bottom side of the mat . I just received a quote stating that the repairs could cost me up to $ 2000 . I definitely recommend against this , and would give it 0 stars if I could .
 I bought two of these and thank goodness BRU let me take them back . They did not grip our leather seats , and actually made the car seat slide around so I took them back , and 3 1/2 years and two more kids later have n't felt like I missed them a bit . These are unecessary and really a pain .
 On the day my daughter and I were discharged from the hospital , my mom and dad took my car to have the car seat installed . They had been advised to go to the Police Station or the Fire Department to have this done . The officer who had been called to install the car seat advised them against using the carseat undermat . He stated it would cause the car seat to slide which of course would be unsafe . I was hoping to protect my seat with the carseat undermat , but my daughter 's safety is my priority .
 got this two years ago and it remains in my car always . Only problem is that in comparison with the one I got as a gift for my baby shower , this one slides all over the seat and does not remain in position . Ca n't find the name of the first one I have but that one has some type of material underneath so it remains in position without requiring any adhesive or tape or attachment to the car chair
 I had my car seat inspected as well . Although they advise against any `` aftermarket '' products for car seats , I 'm not opposed to them entirely . I will continue to use my bunting inside . But there is no way that the fleecey -LRB- top -RRB- side of this mat could secure a car seat at all . I 'm sorry I bought it . The inspector gave me a small rubber mat made out of shelf lining material from a dollar store .
 I got the undermat as a gift and I thought it was a great idea as I have leather seats in my car and I thought the car seat base was going to damage it.I went to a place to set up my car seat correctly and they told me the undermat have not been tested on car crashes so I should not use it , so I removed it . I was still concerned about the leather but I have have the car sear placed for over 5 months and the seat is in perfect condition , so no undermat is needed .
 The piece that attaches to the crib is NOT ideal . You have to make sure the crib railing is not too thick or you wo n't be able to use this at all . We had to do some things to alter this mobile to fit our crib
 I was so excited to get this mobile but when I went to put it on the crib it does n't fit . Some of the new cribs , like mine , are really thick on the sides , back and front railings and this mobile is not made to fit this style . I did give it 2 stars because I was able to figure something out for it to fit securely . Still a dissapointment . Also the nautica sticker on the music box part is upside down and now I have to find something to remove it .
 My sister recieved this mobile for her baby shower , but when she got it home it did not fit on her crib.She Was upset because she spent $ 200 on the set and does not even have the matching mobile for it now.How DISAPOINTING
 I received this as a baby shower gift and was thrilled to receive such a smart , practical gift . I had n't thought about a bottle warmer and did n't register for one . Therefore , I did no research.This bottle warmer does the job but it 's incredibly inconsistent with how warm the bottle gets depending on the amount of liquid you 're attempting to warm . Sometimes with 4-5 oz , it 's absolutely chilled still . Sometimes with 2-3 oz , the milk left scald marks on my forearm as I -LRB- thankfully -RRB- tested before offering to my baby !! I then have to run the bottle under cold water to cool it back to palatable and SAFE temperatures . Not ideal with a hungry baby screaming for food.It takes about 1-2 minutes to heat a bottle and it 's simple enough to use . However , if I had to choose , I 'd go with a brand/model that has an adjustable heat time for different volumes of milk/formula . My husband looks forward to the day we can smash this thing with a baseball bat a la the `` Office Space '' fax machine.In fact , I may post that under the video review section one day ...
 I am beyond disappointed with this product . The instructions on how to heat a bottle might as well be written in hieroglyphics . Once we were able to decipher how much water to add , we found that it was very good at heating the bottle , and terrible at actually heating the milk inside the bottle . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 We bought this warmer to heat up bottles for our new baby , and so far we 've only used it for that purpose . It 's okay for $ 15 . We use it several times a day so it is at least worth that . It 's a really cheap , crappy looking design , but I guess you get what you pay for.Pros : - Does the job most of the time . Probably helps that our baby is not too picky when it comes to bottle temperature . - Done heating fast , usually in under 2 minutes.Cons : - Cheap feel/design/on button - Does n't heat the bottle too well , even with `` max '' amount of water . Formula ends up lukewarm . We use this to heat up 4 oz . of formula , I ca n't imagine how poorly it will heat bigger bottles ! - You ca n't turn it off once it 's on by pushing the button . It does turn itself off after the heat cycle is done , though . - Could be a fire hazard , saw a spark under the unit the first week I had it . Has n't done it since , however it 's probably not a good idea to leave the unit on & walk away.Overall it 's just okay . Not too impressed , I 'm sure there are better models out there but this one does the job for now.UPDATE
 I had one of these products when my baby was first born and it 's just not worth the effort . The amount of water you are told to use seems to vary . Sometimes it warmed the bottle perfectly , sometimes got it way too hot , and sometimes did n't warm it at all and then I had to wait for the crazy thing to cool completely before trying again . Not to mention that very quickly , the numbers on the tube used to measure the water wore away and I had to guess . Finally , I quickly discovered that , when my baby gets hungry , I can mix a fresh bottle in about a minute , instead of waiting for this thing to take 4 or 5 minutes . There 's no sense making a crying , hungry baby wait any longer than it has to .
 I am quite disappointed w/this bottle warmer . First of all if you have Dr Brown 's bottles this is not the warmer for you ... . formula leaks out of the bottles during warming especially if you are warming them with the inner device -LRB- gas reducing unit -RRB- in the bottle ... must be removed for warming or formula rises up the chamber & out of the bottle . Secondly , even when filling the water chamber to the max - I still get cold bottles after warming & need to rewarm them a second time -LRB- & by that time baby is screaming in hunger -RRB- . I dont know if there is a better warmer out there but this one gets a thumbs down from me .
 I bought this to take out the guess work and hassle of warming bottles , but it is not working for me . I try to set it so that I can turn it on , go change the baby then it would be ready . This method works occasionally but I get inconsistent results . Whenever the light turns off , the milk is still cold and I have to let it sit for another few minutes to finish warming . If I wait too long it 's too hot , so I have to stand there and wait for it . Occasionally when I warm a bottle it somehow seems to boil the milk out if it . Do n't know if the top of the bottle was loose or what but I 'm finding it easier to just go back to sitting bottles in hot water from the tap . Very disappointed .
 When my wife and I first received and used this warmer we thought that this was a great product . Over time we soon realized that boiling the water to cause steam that heats the bottle is not optimal . It leaves a water residue on the bottle and more so on the warmer itself . We even tried using distilled water . It was not until we tried the Avent warmer that we realized how the two are very different .
 We used this product for one week . It is unstable and when you pull the bottle out , the bottle may still be hot . Our nanny was using the product and accidentally tilted it over while she was holding our baby . The water spilled out and burned her leg . It is really sad.Either really think carefully about safety considerations before and during use of this product , or simply do n't buy it .
 This warmer worked well for a few months . The switch stopped working and the warmer would turn on as soon as it was plugged in . Now the heating function never turns off , so I have to watch the bottle carefully before it overheats the formula . I still use it , I just do n't walk away from it because I know it wo n't turn off on its own as it should .
 I have a First Year Night and Day bottle warmer and I have to heat my bottles in one bottle and then pour it into my baby 's bottle because the steam makes my MAM bottle leak . If you want to heat in your MAM bottle you have to use an Avent bottle warmer or a warm water bath . Or do what I do and dirty two bottle for the use of one .
 2 weeks of use . It does n't shut off so it overheats and smells like burnt plastic . Dangerous item.When it was working , it is really long to heat up a bottle on top of the headache to figure out the amount of water to add . My screaming hungry baby hated it , took many minutes for a 3oz bottle and it was either too cold or too hot .
 I would not recommend this product ! My baby likes warm food so i ordered it , thinking life will be easier . It does not work ! I tried to use it , and it did not work , I had to use a microwave instead .
 I tried to research whether this bottle warmer would work well with my Born Free glass bottles but I was unable to locate information so I ordered it to try it out . Instruction manual states not recommended for glass bottles . I tried to warm my glass bottle anyways but it turned out dangerously hot . I then tried to warm the bottle in the attachment included to warm baby food jars but it did not heat the glass bottle at all . I returned this product and went back to warming my glass bottles by placing them in a mug of hot water .
 This warmer seemed like a great idea , except that the little light never went on , to tell me that the bottle was ready . Unfortunately , it was broken right out of the box.I 'm sure that not everyone will have this problem , but it was kind of pointless for me to use it .
 This bottle warmer was horrible . If you are formula-feeding , just use the microwave . Really . It takes so much less time , and all you have to do is shake the bottle really well to eliminate hotspots.This bottle warmer never heated bottles evenly . Sometimes they would be scalding hot , sometimes ice cold -LRB- and then you have to wait until it 's completely cooled down before it will allow you to heat it again ! -RRB- . Not only that , but it always took a minimum of 5 minutes to heat the bottle . Meanwhile , my baby is screaming because he 's hungry and wants that bottle !! The microwave only takes 30 seconds and it 's the same temperature EVERY time.If you 're heating expressed breastmilk I can see why someone would need a bottle warmer.Otherwise , what is the point ??
 I was looking forward to using this , but it did not function as I had hoped . Following the instructions on how much water to use based on the size of the bottle , the first bottle I tried still came out cold . I then increased the amount of water to put in , and the bottle came out hot , but the formula was still cold . Then it says you have to wait 10 minutes to use it again ! I am going to return it and stick with the microwave . Shaking the formula afterwards gets rid of any fears of `` hot spots '' in the bottle that the baby might feel .
 I used this warmer a total of six times before it stopped working completely . It was convenient the six times it worked , but who wants something that only works six times ? I 'm returning it for another one .
 My only criticism of this product stems from the need to measure a small amount of water in order to heat the bottle , and the process this measurement entails.A small plastic vial for measuring the water is included . In order to determine the amount of water to use , you consult one of two tables included in the instructions . On these tables , you find the bottle size that you are using in the top row , the amount of milk you wish to heat in the left column , and then -LRB- in theory -RRB- the amount of water you must add in the intersecting cell of the table.Unfortunately , it only gives entries for 4oz . and 9oz . `` wide mouth '' bottles , and for 4oz . and 8oz . `` standard '' bottles , and for 2,4,6 and 8oz . amounts of milk . It gives no indication what the dimensions of a `` standard '' or `` wide mouth '' bottle are , so unless you know this ahead of time , you 're in trouble . The amounts of water you need for each vary considerably . But this is only the beginning
 I have this warmer and do n't like it . The recommended amount of water -LRB- in the directions -RRB- is n't enough to heat the bottle . Secondly , if you want to heat a second bottle or a jar of baby food immediately following the first bottle or to further warm the original bottle , you ca n't . You have to wait 10 minutes before the heater resets itself . A crying child is n't patient enough to wait that 10 minutes .
 Well I thought this would save me time with my second child - warming up breastmilk in a hurry . It has been inconsistent and not trustworthy so far . Out of the 6 times I 've tried it - 2x it was WAY too hot and I did n't have time to cool it off . And the rest of the times it was n't hot enough . Maybe I misread the directions , but they were n't the clearest either . I 'll give it another shot - but at this point it 's more reliable to just use a pan/cup of hot water .
 I was not happy with this item . You have to keep guessing how much water to add !! Sometimes a certain amount was good but the very next time that same amount of water could be too much or too little . -LSB- ... -RSB- It just did n't work well for me .
 Its easier to put water in a microwavable container -LRB- I use a 4 cup plastic measuring cup -RRB- to heat the water rather than this thing ... Terrible . . 1 star is on too many stars !! Zero stars
 I bought this based on reviews ... . it worked well for about 2 weeks . 1st - the white numbers on the side of the water measure wore off . Then it just quit heating as it should . It took 2 - sometimes 3 - tries to get the bottle warm ; or it would go from being very cold after one run to being practically being boiled on the 2nd try ! The price was right ... but tured out to be a total wash .
 This warmer heats differently every time . Sometimes the formula is way too hot and sometimes it feels as if it has n't been heated at all . It is very difficult to deal with when your baby is crying because he is hungry and you have a bottle that you either need to cool down or heat again . I wish that I had bought a different warmer and I would not recommend that anyone buy this one.Also , I have only been using it for only six weeks and the numbers have all worn off of the measuring cup . I had to scratch a line into it .
 Pretty unsatisfactory product . Arrived very quickly . Does n't heat a bottle any faster than running the bottle under hot running water . My nanny has simply refused to use it .
 That this product ever made it past the concept stage is shocking . So you do n't want hot spots from the microwave ? Heating the milk with vaporized water is stupid and wreckless . I have a degree in biochemistry and let me tell you one of the simplest facts of chemistry
 I selected one star because I ca n't select a worse option ... The color of the product is n't the same , and the design is totally diferent too.I 'm disappointed with all the product.It was a real waste of money
 I 've been having problems with this warmer , it never seems to warm the bottles the same . I 'm returning it . My husband 's opionion is `` Well , in my humble opinion it is a pile of rat dung . It should be smashed into small pieces and devoured by plastic eating microbes ... . and then they should be incinerated so that no remains are left . ''
 I received this bottle warmer a couple of months before I had my daughter , I thought it would be the best thing . I opened it , threw out the box and set it up . All ready . As I read the instructions it states not for glass bottles , we use glass bottles so , what is it good for . The warmer should have a temperature gauge where it gradually get to the point where the bottle was ready . I was not impressed .
 DO N'T BUY THIS WARMER!This warmer only works every once in a while . Today it boiled the breastmilk in the bottle and did n't shut off ! Often times it warms the bottle to much making the milk to hot for my baby -LRB- any baby for that matter -RRB- . And other times it does n't warm the bottle at all .
 I 've used several bottle warmers and this one is by far the worst . It creates more hot spots than any other warmer I 've used , sometimes does n't stop the warming cycle , has no audible indicator when the cycle is complete . I accidentally spilled some milk in it -LRB- less than a tablespoon -RRB- and now there is this burnt on residue on the warming element that will not go away , even after multiple cleanings . Its not even worth giving to goodwill .
 This bottle warmer requires EXACT amounts of water for use . That means that you need to add exactly 2 oz of water to warm up a 4 oz disposable bottle . The amount of water I added did not produce the same results two times in a row . Most of the time the milk/formula was still cold . If I added more water next time , it would result in overheating . If the milk/formula was still cold , you can not just add more water because the machine needs 10 minutes to cool between warmings . Unfortunately , a hungry baby can not wait 10 minutes ! After many tries , I stopped using this machine and now place the bottles in warm water instead . I do n't know how it performs with other bottles .
 I bought this bottle warmer while I was pregnant because it was the cheapest one Babies R Us had and it has all of the safety features . After trying to get this thing to work for about a month , I finally splurged on the Avent bottle warmer . This warmer is impossible to use ! Everytime you want to use it , you have to fill up this tiny measuring thing that clips onto the side of the warmer which is impossible when you have a crying baby in your arms . If you leave the bottle in the warmer until it automatically shuts off the bottle will be scortching hot ! You also have to take the bottle out of the warmer with a towel because the it will be covered in boiling water .
 This warmer does a fantastic job of warming about two ounces of liquid if you use the maximum amount of water . If you 're trying to heat up anything more than a snack for your baby , you 're going to have to either run it through several cycles in a row , or just find another way to warm it up . This warmer emits a lot of steam and barely accomplishes a thing . I wish I had kept the receipt from my purchase at Target so I could get my $ 20 back .
 Sure , it comes with specific directions and a handy tool to use to add just the right amount of water to heat a specific size bottle , but it 's never right . Following the directions , the bottle is never even close to being warm enough . Add more water , and it is too hot -- and baby is still hungry !!!
