 I love surprising my daughter and son in law by sending them a huge box of Pamper Cruisers every so often.I know it is something they can use and I love writing a gift note to Julia , my 18 month old grand daughter . In just a few clicks on my computer the order is completed . The box arrives in just a few short days . They will not use any other diaper though they have tried several in a pinch . They started with the Pamper Swaddlers and are now using the Pamper Cruiser 4 .
 Great absorbency , and baby stays try all night -LRB- she usually sleeps more than 10 hours per night without changing -RRB- .
 I used Huggies for my daughter because somehow Pamper 's velcro scratched on her legs and belly . Then when my son was born , the hospital put Pampers on him and we also bought the same brand . We have no problems whatsoever . I like Cruisers for this age because it 's soft and flexible which makes walking and running easy .
 Cruisers work . They are stretchy enough to prevent leaks on your crawling baby . The padding is absorbent , and does a good job of wicking moisture away from your baby 's skin . They also come up high enough on the backside to prevent most overflow conditions.They are definetly a good value for the money . I would also agree that they run a little large compared to other brands/styles , so I would try the smaller size if you are unsure of whether to go with a 4 or 5 .
 Pampers Swaddlers and Cruisers are `` the best '' - none can match these ... both my kids are on this . Why is n't Pampers making pull-ups like Huggies does?thanks
 I love Pampers Cruisers . I have tried Pampers Dry Baby , Huggies , Luvs , White Cloud , etc. and by far Pampers Cruisers are the best!The elastic-like waistband really offers a snug fit that allows your baby/toddler to move and play . Amazingly the diapers are quite thin so there is n't a lot of bulk . Even after 13 + hours of sleeping my daughters have never had a leaking diaper or a diaper rash . With Luvs and White Cloud they developed a rash after 3 hours.I will never buy another brand or style again !
 I 've tried Huggies and Seventh Generation and Cruisers are the only ones that are leak-free so far . No more going through a couple of sleepers a night !
 I like shopping diaper on amazon for my son.It is not only cheap and convenience , but also they deliver very quickly.So in my opinion , it is worth of shopping there .
 Best diapers out there , IMO , and the online price at Amazon , with Super Saver Shipping is comparable to the wholesale clubs .
 I 'm not the type to be loyal to a particular brand but must say that Pampers Cruisers are the ONLY diapers I will buy for my son and any future kids I have . I 've used other brands and they have n't even come close . The other Pampers diaper -LRB- Baby Dri -RRB- , both lines of Huggies , Luvs and the Walmart brand simply do n't absorb the way these do . My one complaint is that the weight listed on the box has never applied to my son -- he 's always needed a size larger than the box says he should need .
 Nothing is perfect ... but we tried all of the major makes of diapers on the market , and the Pampers are better then the rest.Both construction & capacity were above others . BTW , we also tried the `` Baby Dry '' variety , and they are not as good , but can be used for sleep time .
 I like that Pampers run big , so my baby can wear a smaller size longer -LRB- therefore getting me more diapers per pack -RRB- For example , size 3 you might get 124 , size 4 youd get 108 . This saves me $ $ $ in the long run . I love these diapers !! My baby does too !
 A staple and necessity , tried the others but son has allergic reactions to the absorbant mateial in all but Pampers Sensitive and Pampers Cruisers . Needless to say we had to stick with the reliable brand of Pampers .
 Only diapers that stay on her as she is a little daredevil.Climbing and jumping . . she is very small in butt size and these will actually adjust to what she needs yet have give room .
 I purchased these cruisers for my grandson . My 2 grandchildren have used these diapers and love them . I would recommend these above the rest .
 Not sure why there are several different types of size 5 pampers , I guess different kids grow at different rates , and some walk sooner than others , but it is confusing . My only real complaint , however , is that some recent Pampers purchases have had weak tape to waistband connections , so that when the band is pulled around the waist to tape it in the front , the tape part comes off with an unceremonious thwack . This is very intermittent however , and may have something to do w / my speed diapering .
 This is just the greatest way to receive diapers . The payment is taken from your credit card at the same time every month . You receive the diapers right on your front porch . It 's wonderful . I love it . I 'm glad i gave this a try . It 's even better that i do n't pay for shipping either.Thanks , ang
 I recently bought a couple packs of Huggies after seeing they were much cheaper than Pampers and I really miss the Pampers ! They have a pleasant smell to them and are much softer than other diapers but still very functional .
 I have used every brand of diaper and found the Cruisers better than all of the rest ! The are very absorbent and hold much more liquid than one would expect . Plus they fit snuggly around my baby 's legs and are truly no drip .
 They 're not the cheapest but we 've stuck with Pampers since our child was born . They seem pretty comfortable , are easy to change , and do n't leak . Delivery from Amazon is free and fast for Prime members .
 I have been using pampers for my son since he was a newborn . We tried other brands , but they just didnt seem to have the right fit to prevent leaks . I do n't know if it is a boy thing or just his shape but pampers are still the winner . He is 20 months old now and I have bought these on Amazon twice now . I think the price is about the same as in the store , but I love the convenience of having them delivered instead of lugging them out of the store with my groceries . Also , I always use the free shipping , but the product still arives consistently ahead of schedule !
 Occasionally I try other diapers , but I just keep coming back to the Pampers Cruisers . They have worked the best for both of my kids . No diaper rash , rarely any leaks , and they look comfortable to wear . I also really like the sensitive wipes and the unscented regular variety wipes work well also .
 if your child isnt moving but fits the weight for these , dont buy too many leak potentialsget the regular onesif thier moving crawling suchget em
 I tired other store brands and decided not to waste my timeon trying anymore . Pampers are the best ! PERIOD !
 I love pampers and have been a fan for years now . These diapers are great quality and hold up extremely well . Great for sensitive skin and we 've never had any diaper rash problems using them . My only complaint about the diapers are that they leave ` fuzzies ' on the little ones ' nether regions , but nothing that a little wipe ca n't get rid of . : o -RRB- Overall , great product and the price is a steal ! I would highly recommend this product to others .
 Let 's face , the toughest part of having young children is constantly having to buy diapers for them . Amazon makes it so convenient to buy from their grocery , and I usually get delivery the very next day . So no more lugging around diapers at the grocery . Thanks Amazon .
 This use to be 32 $ , in less than a year , the price has jumped to 40 $ . just a month ago , this was still 38 $ . Im glad my last kid is about to be potty trained in a few months . maybe one more box and then I can say goodbye to overinflation of these prices .
 for 10 month old daughther , have already tried other brands including huggies , costco brand and others and always come back to pampers . been using pampers since she was a newborn and there were no leaks , no explosive poops and baby was comfortable and dry even when diaper was apparently quite full . extremely happy with this product and will continue using . a side note that we 've had to move to the next size well before the weight limit mentioned on the boxes .
 They do what they 're supposed to do . :--RRB- No leaks.Amazon 's `` Subscribe and Save '' plan is very convenient . I wonder if UPS is tired of delivering them every few weeks ?
 When it comes to diapers ... it 's just one of those things you ca n't skimp out on . Pampers cruisers are the best diapers out there . My 2 year old and 6 month old both use them . We tried every brand out there and these keep them the driest and work the best overall . It 's not about the cost ... just the quality . If you do n't know which to buy ... then these are the ones ... easy as that ! -LRB- Trust me ... I 'm a stay at home Dad with two kids under two ... I 've got the experience to tell you what 's up ! -RRB-
 I like this product and the price at 39.99 , recently the price has changed for 39.99 to 41.99 which I think is a little expensive .
 I am completely happy with the diaper . It fits well , seems comfortable and stretchy for my baby . Have not experienced any diaper leaks . Absorbs well , keeps my baby dry . I love having them delivered to my house !
 We just switched from swaddlers to Cruisers and these work great . My son had no problem with the transition . He seems comfortable in them and they provide the same protection .
 Tried alot of cheaper diapers before settling on Pampers . Thought the price was high but it turns out they are worth it ! No leaks , comfortable fit , very little pilling onto baby 's bum .
 We only use Pampers . They 're what works best on my daughter . They never leak.My only gripe with them is that if the diaper gets too full , the tabs on the sides cut into her upper thighs . This used to happen constantly , even when the diaper was n't full , and she had lots of tiny cuts in her hips/upper thighs . But now , I guess the diaper fits better on her , so it does n't happen that much anymore .
 First - I 'm a huge fan of Pampers Swaddlers . They did an excellent job until my son got to big ! He was 9.2 at birth , so by 4 months ... yes - he doubled his weight ! Too big for swaddlers so I did n't know where to go next . He certainly is n't crawling -LRB- which is what Cruisers advertises for -RRB- but I decided to try them anyhow because I was n't a big fan of Pampers Baby Dry and I hear horrid stuff about Huggies . Well I was very pleasantly surprised . I 've been using them for almost a month now and not a single leak ! Ever !! Even in Swaddlers he leaked through on rare occations . I LOVE Cruisers and I 'm going to keep using them as long as I can . Plus if you subscribe through Amazon it is cheaper than purchasing them at Target , Wal-mart , etc. . Best deal in town !
 Do n't buy these diapers on this website ... major rip off !! They are on sale at Publix for $ 29.99 size 4 containing 140 diapers .
 The Pampers Cruisers are the best amongst diapers that I have tried for my toddlers . Once the children became more mobile , it was important to have a diaper that moved with them , especially around the leg openings . The padding of the diaper also extends higher up the back than some other brands . I have had few , if any , `` leakers '' or blow-outs with the Cruisers and am glad that they make them in several sizes so that we can move our way up the sizes as needed without compromising on the fit .
 These are the best diapers in the world and at the best price that you can find ! My son has leaked out of every diaper , but these !
 Excellant . Received my order fast and there was a larger number of diapers in this box then in any box I was able to by elsewhere .
 These stretchy diapers are much better than the Baby Dry by Pampers . As new parents it took us a few times to the store to realize there was a difference in the box . Buy the purple box , not the green one ! We love Pampers and have only had 2 leaks in 12 months of diapering . and those 2 were HUGE poops ! so not much else could have contained them . Great diaper ... big fan .
 I bought store-brand diapers for all my children until this little guy . Every diaper , I mean EVERY brand , leaked , except for Pampers . I just tried a store brand again recently and they just do n't compare to the Pampers . The fit is more comfortable and they NEVER leak .
 Regarding Joy Williams ' note below about the $ 30 coupon she never received for ordering Pampers from amazon.com -- I ordered them for the same reason but I think the offer stated that the coupon would be sent in May , so hopefully we will receive it shortly .
 As a new mother , I tried a number of disposable diapers for my baby . Huggies diapers were too papery , and my baby got diaper rash with the first Huggies diaper . Since then I stuck to Pampers . Pampers baby-dry are cheaper , but there are too many leaks -LRB- yes , even with the new ` improved ' ones -RRB- , but the cruisers are wonderful . My 11-mth old refuses to lie down for diaper changes , so I change him on the move , but we have NEVER had a single leak . And I love the fact that Amazon ships them free . But it bothers me that the price creeps up EVERY month.Since I wrote the above review , I have switched to a store brand -LRB- Sam 's Club -RRB- which is much cheaper and not too far behind Pampers Cruisers in quality . You do have to size up , ie Pampers Cruisers size 4 = Sam 's Club Size 5 . It makes a large difference in price , but no discernible difference in my son 's comfort .
 Pamper Cruisers , Swaddlers , First Steps , Easy Ups are the best line of diapers out there . They are thin , yet , absorbant . I have given the other brands -LRB- private labels and Huggies -RRB- a chance over the years , but nothing comes close to Pampers . Not only are they absorbant , they are soft and are great for chubby legs ! Cruisers stretch and have more of a `` fabric '' feel to it . For those who have chubby kids , the right size cruisers will not leave any red uncomfortable marks on your kid 's legs . We were recently on vacation and after 5 hours of flight . 1 diaper was all it took . Our son pees a fountain , but the diaper held up . No leaks and son was kept dry , as usual . Huggies would never have held up . In addition , if your child wears the Huggies for more than 1-2 hours , the diapers end up releasing these gel bits on your child 's skin . Yuck . Why bother with Huggies when you can have Pampers ? Trust the people who invented the disposable diapers -- Pampers !
 Now that my baby is rolling and `` pre-crawling '' I love that these diapers are super strecty and comfortable for her . Also , they 're more trim and soft . I know they 're a bit pricer than the regular Pampers but I love them so much !!! Better deal than Huggies by far , and the Huggies Giggleastic or whatever , is horrible in comparision to the Pampers stretchiness ! They win hands down !
 We have been putting Pampers Cruisers on our 18 month old daughter for months now . They seem to be nice and snug on her without causing discomfort . We 've also tried the Huggies counterpart and we were n't as pleased , they caused leakage around the bottom area . Pampers Cruisers have not caused any leaks at all .
 Best diapers around with amazon 's great prices too !
 I 've used these diapers for my two daughters for the last 3 + years . I 've tried other brands , but just keep coming back to the Swaddlers/Cruisers brand . The elasticity and the baby fresh smell just get me every time.But what used to be a good deal at Amazon is now comparable in price to anywhere else I can get them -- Target or Babies R Us . So to me , there 's no incentive to shop at Amazon anymore .
 I have found that these diapers are far and away the best for my very active toddler . They are pricey , but they hardly ever leak , even at night . They are super stretchy and fit like a glove .
 We have tried all brands and this is by far our favorite . Our children have never had diaper rashes and we attribute this to the excellent absorbency of Cruisers . We also like the fit , as we have chubby babies and they fit nicely . It is totally worth the extra pennies per diaper . To sum up , we like the absorbency and the fit . We have tried all other brands from generic , competition and even other pampers products . None have even came close to Cruisers .
 I have a 13 month old son and we have tried every diaper out there . Every single one leaked awfully durring the night . Finally he just got into a size 3 and we tried the `` cruisers '' and thank goodness they worked !!! I love these diapers . I wish they had them in all sizes . They are nice and strechy to make for an easier change even with youger babies ; these seem to be more comfortable too .
 We have twins and use a lot of diapers . We have tried all brands . These are the best - no leaks and no wet clothes . The elastic at the waist allows a better fit so the diapers do n't slide off .
 As a mommy of 17 month old twins we know how to go through diapers . I found that Amazon is the cheapest and free shipping is always great ! These cruisers are great for two babies always on the go . I 've never had a problem with them leaking either . Pamper Swaddlers were also a great product . I 'm very happy with the Cruisers . I agree with another review below that Pampers -LRB- regular -RRB- Baby Dry were awful . There was no give to them . Cruisers are completely worth buying .
 i have a very active wiggly 12 month old girl , and i have never had a problem with leakage or anything . the only other diapers i like as much are huggies supremes but i find that the tabs rip off those ... i highly suggest these for baby 's comfort as well as leakproof-ness ...
 amazon seemed to be taking an age to ship something that `` usually ships in 24 hours '' , but once they were shipped , they arrived the very next day.i ordered on 6/11 , they arrived on 6/17 . i was happy , considering the shipping was free.i had been paying $ 17.99 for 52 diapers . with this amazon deal , i 'm basically getting a pack for free.psyched !
 Cruisers are the best diapers , period . It 's worth the extra 14 cents or whatever for quality . And having this huge box shipped from Amazon -LRB- no shipping -RRB- was quick an easy .
 The Pampers Cruisers are the best diapers I found so far and I tried most from cheap to a little more pricey . Pampers Cruisers have a pleasant clean scent , are very absorbent -LRB- which are most diapers -RRB- but the best about them is they have a high back . The high back and can keep an explosive poopie in it 's place , I think we 've all been there ... They also fit nicely and I have no problems with the closing tabs not sticking . Never had a leak yet , need I say more ?
 Ordered three boxes on a Wednesday and received the whole shipment the following day . That 's amazing service and I paid ZERO shipping . That is truly incredible . Thanks Amazon !
 I like the way these diapers keep the wet away from his skin . They are a great deal .
 Last time Consumer Reports rated diapers , the Cruisers were given the highest mark . These diapers are super-absorbent and sell for a good price . I like them . They prevent leaks and are easy to put on . BTW , even if a baby is a few ounces short of 16 pounds , these fit perfect , too . Of course , your mileage may vary . I wish I had these when I was an infant .
 I 've been purchasing our pampers swaddlers/cruisers from amazon.com since our daughter was born and although the price has been slowly creeping up , the one thing that I 've noticed is that the inventory seems to be old.Pampers has recently added a MESH LINING to their cruisers line -LRB- I found this out by accident when we had to do an emergency run to our local , overpriced drugstore -RRB- and boy is it unbelievable . Our daughter could sit in her carseat and sleep at night longer . It basically keeps her bottom away from the wetness . It just looks high-tech ! For some reason though , the last three orders I 've received from amazon.com have not had the mesh lining . I 'm hoping at some point they 'll finally use up their old inventory and start bulk packaging the new line but until then , be forewarned . We 're getting a discount on pricing , but it 's not the latest inventory .
 These were great at $ 7.50 , but too expensive now . I suggest Target to everyone . They have great prices and selection , as well as you can use your coupons !
 These diapers are great and the price is great compared to the stores . With Huggies we had a tough time with the leaks , but fortunately , Pampers saved the day . Highly recommend Pampers for new parents .
 It 's really simple , these work and they work at night when they need to work . They 're comfortable ; no resistance at all to wearing them . They 're sort of a take-it-for-granted , non-event and that 's what you want in a diaper .
 Diapers are like underwear ... some of us fit better into Victoria 's Secret others into Cosabella . My daughter fits into Pampers . For some reason , she leaks a lot less in these diapers than , for instance , Huggies . I know that others find that the opposite is true .
 I like Pampers Cruisers because they are slimmer and seem to fit better than Huggies or other brands . My girls NEVER have leaks at night in these diapers and they do n't seem to tear inside -LRB- rip and let out those absorption crystals -RRB- as often as other diapers.I was bummed when Costco quit selling Pampers because I have twins and go through a lot of diapers . I was happy to find them on Amazon -- with free shipping they cost the same -LRB- and they were delivered right to my door ! -RRB- .
 I have tried other diapers and always kick myself for wasting money on anything other than the pampers cruisers . These diapers have fit both of my children better than any other diaper I have tried .
 Although these are some of the more expensive diapers out there , it 's worth the splurge . The soft material bends easily around my daughter 's tummy , the contoured leg openings allow for a more comfortable fit around the leg -LRB- no red elastic marks left behind like other diapers do -RRB- , and the stretchy velcro tabs close up the diapers securely without ever being too tight.It 's also so much more convenient ordering these online and having them delivered directly to your door . Usually these bigger boxes come with free shipping , too .
 I gave them 4 stars because we do get an occasional leak , but over all I do like them . They do n't have that horrible gel that goes all over the baby , and they do stay on well . I have to say I liked the ones we got from Europe -LRB- due to production issues they had to import some to keep up with demand -RRB- because they were n't scented . Over all these diapers have been easy on my twins ' sensitive skin and ususally keep all the mess in .
 I gave them 4 stars because we do get an occasional leak , but over all I do like them . They do n't have that horrible gel that goes all over the baby , and they do stay on well . I have to say I liked the ones we got from Europe -LRB- due to production issues they had to import some to keep up with demand -RRB- because they were n't scented . Over all these diapers have been easy on my twins ' sensitive skin and ususally keep all the mess in .
 Pampers are the best ! No leaks , no diaper rash ! I ca n't imagine using any other brand on our daughter !
 These are great diapers of course , but the price -LRB- with no sales tax -RRB- plus the convenience of home delivery made these a fantastic deal . Also , I bought these when they had a special on Pampers products . If I bought more than $ 79 in Pampers products as one order , I would recieve a $ 30 gift certificate for a future Amazon purchase . That 's like recieving an entire case of diapers free !!! WIth 2 little ones in diapers , we could certainly use the free diapers .
 I agree with everyone about how nice and stretchy these diapers are -LRB- like Huggies -RRB- , but how even with a full diaper , its not busting the snaps on my son 's pants because the diaper does n't blow up like a sponge -LRB- which Huggies does -RRB- . We occassionally get leaks from overnight use , but that is because I have a boy who likes to sleep on his tummy ... the front of the diaper can only take so much fluid ! :-RRB- But overall these are great diapers and worth the few extra cents above the Baby Dry , especially if your little angel is starting to transition to the next size up because of their fantastic stretching . Due to availability in stores and online , we usually alternate between Cruisers and Baby Dry . Oh , and just a side note ... Pampers -LRB- well , Proctor-Gamble -RRB- makes Luvs ... that 's why Luvs seems so much like the Pampers Baby-Dry . So for those of you who love Baby-Dry , or love the reliability of them but ca n't afford or stand to pay as much for Baby Dry , the Luvs are the same diaper ... just a different cartoon print on it . : -RRB-
 I have always used pampers for my son . Itried huggies and luvs but they were not as good . The cruisers are so stretchy and I have never had a problem with leaks like I did with the other kinds . I would not waste my money even trying the other kinds .
 These diapers are wonderful . My daughter has worn pampers from birth and I would n't switch to anything . I can say I tried the ones with the green box - dry something - and did not like them but the swaddlers and cruisers have been great .
 I have always used Pampers for my daughter so when getting the diapers for her , I try to find the cheapest and easiest way . This offer from Amazon is great . It is cheaper than other sites and it has free 2nd day shipping even if I only buy one box at a time .
 The Pampers diapers were a great deal but most of all it was so much more convenient than buying them at the grocery store as they show up right at your front door within a couple of days !
 I ordered these Pampers for my great grandchildren , they are twins , my grandaughter tells me they are the best diapers ever and would recommend to anyone who needs a safe and comfortable diaper for their children .
 No doubt Pampers are the best , but ordering via Amazon Subscription is the best . Great price and you do n't have to shop for diapers or run out . They show up at your door . What could be better .
 Pampers are my favorite and I love that Amazon ships them right to my door . The shipping is so fast . It is amazing !
 it is a thin , full of `` breath '' product for skin . no diaper rash for a baby in summer !
 Most brands just ca n't compare . Sure they are a few cents more , but they fit well and are very absorbent . No problem with reactions here , but after seeing the reviews , be careful .
 I think it is OK . I have two problems .1 . My daughter is 22 lb . But it look like size 5 is tight for her . She is around 50 % weight and 70 % high .2 . some white things fall down and stick aroung assl .
 This item was listed at $ 6.99 yesterday and now the price skyrocketed to $ 11 ... Amazon is playing games with the prices . Ridiculous !!!!!!
 Pampers are by far the best diaper if you have a large baby . However , Amazon claimed that the item would ship within 24 hours but it took over a week for them to actually ship the product which means I did n't get the product until over two weeks after I ordered it . So ... I 'm very pleased with the product and the price but not so much with the service . I ended up having to buy diapers at Walmart to hold us over until my Amazon order came in .
 I used to love Huggies Supreme diapers - until they switched them to this GentleCare or NaturalFit with HugFlex ... and honestly they are terrible . The plain `` old '' Supreme diapers were the best , and now I ca n't even get them at any store in town anymore . SO I switched to Pampers Baby Dry , which are about 20 cents per pack cheaper than Pampers Cruisers . Those were the most terrible diapers I have EVER tried . Nearing desperation level , I tried Cruisers , and I 'm glad I did . They are almost as good as the old Huggies Supreme diapers . I love that I can get them with free shipping from Amazon - plus if you enter in the codes on the inside of the packs you can get free stuff from the Pampers website . Not bad !
 I love these diapers on my baby . They have a nice , pleasant scent , they fit well and handle large loads well . I will definitely be buying these again .
 It 's just best brand which I tried!It is not leaking!My daughter likes it too because it 's soft and easy !
 Our baby is a Pampers baby . Only problem I have noted is that Pampers diapers do n't always hold up well for overnight especially if you child will sleep 10 hours straight . Otherwise , my husband and I are quite happy using Pampers .
 Great diapers . No leakage . Love the delivery service . I do n't have to think about running to the store and the price is right .
 We have tried other products before , but we still like Pampers cruisers the most . The supper dry Pampers are not good for my daughter because of the cremical in it .
 This item WAS a great deal until Amazon eliminated the subscription opportunity . Save $ 8 at Toys-R-Us ! Stock up and save.However , Swaddlers and Cruisers are definitely the best diapers available on the market !
 The pampers can really fast . I was not expecting anything until the next two days . But it came actually two days early .
 Pampers work very well for my son - we have tried other brands , but find that we have fewer leaks with these .
 We have tried other diapers , but alway come back to pampers . They are a bit more expensive than other brands , so if your budget just ca n't handle their 24/7 coverage use one of the cheaper brands during the day when you change diapers more frequently . I wo n't use anything but pampers at night though !
 These are wonderful diapers ! They greatly help to minimize blow-outs with the elastic around the legs . They also have a great stretchy fabric on the sides to ensure a snug fit . The only downside is that they do n't have elastic on the top that goes around the baby 's back -LRB- This can lead to blow-ups . But that problem was solved for me by going up one size in diapers . -RRB- They are the best diapers I 've seen on the market . The reduction in blow-outs is well worth the price for me!I also really like the Amazon service . I am able to have the diapers shipped right to my door at a reduced cost each month -- it 's cheaper than I can purchase the diapers in store and much more convenient .
 I have tried other diaper brands , but really like the protection of the pampers diapers . I will only buy pampers diapers now .
 Cruisers are by far the best diapers , but the price at Amazon is very high . I buy them at Kroger for 7.99 $ on special and Kroger has special coupons for 3 $ off , so I end up paying 4.99 $ :-RRB- . I have not had a better deal anywhere .
 We 've always used cruisers - they 're perfect , especially since they never , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , leakoh , did I mention that they never leak ?
 I love pampers cruisers , but I gave them 4 stars for the following reasons
 I have found this to be the best product I have ever used for my kids . They are very easy to put on , fit tight , and are durable . This is one of the best buys on amazon .
 Well , these jumbo diapers sure can hold a jumbo amount of poop . Today 's kids are bigger than ever , with Mc Donald 's hamburgers feeding them they 're sure to need these jumbo size poop holsters . They 're flexible too , so crrrrawling is n't a problem . Thumbs up from me !
 I 'm a 11-year-old boy , that has never been potty-trained before and i still wet the bed at night ! Until my mommy bought me -LRB- Pampers Cruisers !! -RRB- and now i have been feeling very confortable and happy and leak free !! Before with some of the huggies diapers , that my mommy put on me , they just did n't protect me very well and i would cry a lot when i got diaper rashes ! Now since i run around in the livingroom in my new pampers cruisers , i feel so much freedom in my new pampers diapers than i have ever felt in any other diaper , so i recommend -LRB- Pampers Cruisers !!! -RRB- To any parent with little kids at home , and i hope that he or she finds the satisfaction like i have with Pampers Cruisers Economy pack diapers , because i 'm a -LRB- `` Pampers Baby '' !!! -RRB- And i will always love my new diapers , cause I JUST LOVE MY PAMPERS CRUISERS !!!!!!! Hope this review helped ! PS . THANK YOU SO MUCH PAMPERS DIAPERS -LRB- `` I LOVE MY PAMPERS DIAPERS SO , SO , MUCH !!!!!
 pampers is the only brand that has ever worked for my kids sensitive skin and still stopped leaks like nobody 's business . the mesh liner on the cruisers and swaddlers keep the mess away from their skin and makes clean up easier and the stretchy sides keep them on better at night .
 I was skeptical about these since I had such a bad experience with the baby dry , but I kept hearing raves about them so I gave them a try . They are great !! They have a sweet smell and they stretch !! They are great for babies on the go-learning to roll over , crawl and move around . I love these . Plus they are the only diaper Consumer Reports gave 5 stars ! Well worth the extra money .
 I ran out of these diapers and started using LUVS which worked ok during the day but every night we were getting leaks . I switched back to Pampers Cruisers and thankfully no more leaks . I know these are more expensive but they are worth it . I like their stretchy tabs because I feel like they move with my son better than any other brand . Our second child is on the way and I will not be switching around this time . I will purchase Pampers Swaddlers and then Pampers Cruisers . I will not have the time or patience for leaks and all the extra laundry that involves .
 After trying out all varieties of diapers for my son , I liked the Pampers brand the best . I used to like Pamers swaddlers a lot , too bad they do n't make those in bigger sizes . In the interest of saving money , I tried a lot of the cheaper varieties too ... and they are cheap for a reason . I rarely have leaks using pampers and I would recommend people buy this brand , its worth the money . Now , what would be great , is if there was some sort of flag on the outside that could indicate when its soiled and needs to be changed .
 I like these diapers a lot . They work really well for my super-pooper , skinny leg boy . I can recommend them wholeheartedly .
 We started with Swaddlers and went into Cruisers . Never had a leak problem . Ca n't say the same for Huggies .
 My wife has tried them all , but pampers cruisers are best for active kids . Keeps them mobile and at the same time dry . We Love Them .
 These are by far the best diapers we have used on our son . With all other brands his cloths end up wet in the morning , but not theses . Buy them .
 Speaking from experience , these diapers are the best . With our first boy we tried everything - from bargain to expensive - and had a lot of accidents to show for it . With our second son we just went with the Swaddlers and Cruisers and the only accidents we had were due to parental error , usually in the middle of the night ! I have been so happy with just using Swaddlers/Cruisers with this baby that I tell all expectant moms to just forgo the diaper sampling and go for the best !
 With 2 small kids 5 years apart in age , and nieces and nephews in their late teens and 20 's , our family has always counted on Pampers.The fit , the amount that they hold , the quality - no tearing , and easily replaceable tabs that do n't pull off.We 've tried many others from store brands to the other brand names , and we * always * go back to Pampers . They are worth the price for what they can and do do !
 My daughter has been using this brand for since she was little and they are wonderful !!!
 We tried a few other brands and varieties before deciding that we would stick with the Cruisers . My 8 month old is crawling a lot and is getting ready to walk . These diapers keep up with him ... and all of his bodily functions . : -RRB- I like the velcro-like tabs that really stay put , but are also easily reapplied if you want to check the situation inside . The legs have a nice elastic around them that really keep everything in.I 'm sure everyone has their own opinion and preferences with diapers , but these really work for us . Good luck !
 I like them very much , soft , and my kid likes it too . Due to these items as consume goods , if I can have some coupons to have cheaper price -LRB- cost -RRB- on it , it will very helpful for me to purchase them again . Chung Wu
 Pampers Cruisers are very covenient to use and the large capacity box is an asset as to not running out as often . When we go on vacation I can take one bag of 50 with me and still have some left when I return . The Cruisers are very absorbent and the way that theystay put makes me happy because there is no messy tape that does n't stick . The only gripe I have is that they should make a larger size because people with children who have toileting problems could benefit with a larger size of Pampers cruisers as opposed to regular pampers I have no problem with the regular ones . But people with older kids 9-13 ages special needs would benefit .
 My daughter-in-law likes the BIG boxes less time running for diapers to the store , also amazon offered me free shipping , another plus .
 We are on our second child and continue to love the fit of the Pampers Cruisers . They contain everything nicely . We have two boys , so I do n't know how well they would work with girls . We 've tried many different brands , including Luvs and the regular Pampers . Anytime we get another brand , we regret trying to save the couple of bucks .
 this is the best and easiest way to have them sent to your home . not only do i not have to carry one more thing home from the store , they are the only diaper that holds up against a very active 2 year old boy .
 These diapers are very good at holding in the liquids and keeping the baby dry . I like them for everything except night time . Our son overloads them at night .
 These are great diapers -LRB- much better than Huggies -RRB- , but they sometimes leak overnight . Now that Baby Dry diapers have stretchy tabs , they are definitely our favorite .
 After trying the store brands , regular pampers , luvs , and the others , I settled on the cruisers for my daughter . In the 18 months I 've been using them for her , I can count on one hand the number that have leaked or come undone . They are that good . With diapers you really do get what you pay for . Every other one I tried leaked , would n't fasten well , you name it . I think these are especially good for more active children as they come a little up the back , so when she is crawling/playing around the top does n't start to slide down . The cruisers really perform and you will make up for the extra cost in saved time cleaning up after the other brands .
 These are the best diapers out there . I have three kids in them at the same time and they never leak or tear .
 The product is excellent , the Cadillac of diapers . It arrived in a timely manner and in excellent condition !
 A new dad , intimidated by everything , could n't ask for anything more
 These pampers never leak and the box with free shipping to my door is so conveinent . The new box now has 140 pampers . Occationally they have 30 dollars back if you spend 80 or 90 dollars and 90 dollars of pampers is about 3 boxes . That 's not a really that much because these things are not perishable . If you get 2 boxes at his/her current size and one bigger size you should be safe of him/her not outgrowing them . You should be able to guage if he is getting too big for her current size and decide that way . It 's even better if you have 2 kids . The price is n't any big bargain , and occationally you can go to target and find the diapers cheaper , but then you have to lug them home whereas these come to your door . Costco no longer carries pampers , that 's where I used to get them .
 We tried Huggies when our daughter was first born and the diapers kept blowing out and leaking almost every day . I thought I did n't know how to put the diaper on or something was wrong with her diet . As soon as I switched to Pampers , no more leaks or blow outs . They are truly the best and worth the extra money ... especially since much of our money went to dry cleaning couch covers over Huggies ' messes!However , do n't even try the Baby Dry . There is no give or elastic in the waist band . While they did not leak for me , the Cruisers work and fit so much better .
 What can I say -- who wants to run out and buy diapers several times a week . I found this quantity at Amazon and loved the reasonable price and right-to-your-door delivery . Save money on diapers and gas !
 This is better than others for my baby ... But I do n't like the smell . .
 These are the best - no matter what I 've tried , these diapers never fail and keep up with my little one . But , you can get them much cheaper at your local grocery store and can even use a coupon ! Watch out for the prices - these guys vary widely and you can get hosed easily . This price is n't too bad , but without a coupon , well , they 're more expensive here than at my grocery store . But then again , sometimes it 's better to just pay it to save a trip out . Do n't pass these diapers by - they 're just awesome .
 Just a few weeks ago these were $ 7.49 / each . Why are they now $ 3 more a package ?
 THE PRODUCT IS AWESOME !! THE PRICE IS HORRIBLE !! IT USED TO BE $ 7.49 FOR ONE PACKAGE !! NOW IT 'S A RIP OFF !!! I WILL BE GOING BACK TO SAM 'S !! BUT I WILL KEEP CHECKING TO SEE IF MAYBE THEY LOWER THE PRICES AFTER ALL THIER SALES DROP BECAUSE I KNOW I 'M NOT ALONE IN THIS !!!
 Absolutely the best diapers , very rarely do they leak with my growing 9 month old baby - even over night .
 This product is great and I recommend it for all babies!I would definatelt buy this product again .
 Ordered 3 Pampus Cruisers with free shipping , and received them in less than a week in prefect condition . Love Amazon.com !
 These diapers are great . No problems with messy leaks or bulkiness . They really hug the body and adjust to fit . Cute designs are an added bonus .
 The diaper is good , but I dislike the smell . If pamper can release an unscented version , I 'd jump for it .
 They are the original disposable diaper and the name Pampers has almost become generic . You ca n't go wrong with Pampers .
 I definitely prefer the fit and overall quality of this diaper to any others , but only buy from Amazon when the price is down . Usually Costco can match or beat the Amazon price . AMAZON -- what happened to the low price you used to offer ?
 Good absorption power for the night . Baby can move around more easily .
 Pampers is very good diaper and good price.Thanks quick delivery .
 I always use pampers cruisers for my daughter . Normally I can find the large -LRB- > 100 -RRB- package in local stores like Target / Costco . However they seems to disappear since 2 months ago - Target only had small packs , and Costco started to sell its own brand . So I switch to Amazon .
 This item is the best I 've seen so far . They are great and not as bulky as other on the market . Goes with the curves of the child without the bulkiness . Love them .
 Pampers Cruisers is awesome ! Never leaks and flexible for my boys to run around and play . Great Product ! Highley recommend over Huggies .
 I 'm using Pampers Cruisers for both my kids - an infant and a toddler - these are the best . I 've trie Huggies , gel would come out and stay on the baby 's skin - this is the last thing you want to see on your baby 's skin . Cruisers are reliable , comfy , flexible . Would n't recommend to waste money on anything else .
 I would n't buy any other diaper ! I have used others , but go back to Pampers for numerous reasons . They fit my twin boys the best , there are no leaks , especially after a 12 hour night , and they have n't gotten diaper rash yet from these diapers . The cost is a little on the high side , but with coupons , and Amazons great prices , they are worth the cost !
 I just love pampers diapers and how I do n't have to worry about leaks or diaper rash . My kids skin stays dry and the diapers move with my active kids . These are the only diapers I will buy . Amazon just makes it even better with free shipping .
 There 's not much more to say except that these diapers really do their job
 Pampers Cruisers are the only brand I use - they keep my boys dry and rash free
 I have tried pampers baby dry and huggies , neither worked for my sons . I love cruisers ! They keep my baby dry and rash free .
 I bought three boxes last time Amazon had the promotion on Pampers and all of them are mesh liners . I totally agree with previous reviewers that the new mesh liner is horrible . I think Pampers got back to the old liners now . Does anyone recently ordered these diapers from Amazon ? I would like to find out are they mesh liners or not . Thanks .
 It 's worth every penny to have diapers delivered directly to the door since this is an item used daily at our house . With super saver shipping -LRB- a purchase over $ 25.00 -RRB- there is no cost for shipping . It ends up being 27 cents per diaper for a box of 160 size 3 pampers cruisers . The last two times I have ordered this item , it has been delivered in two days ! I am extremely happy with the service amazon has provided and I recommend this item to anyone in the market for diapers .
 Amazon 's new `` Subscrive & Save '' feature is great . I signed up for monthly delivery of the diapers . It 's convenient and with the 15 % discount + free shipping , it 's a great deal.I 'm also a big fan of Pampers Cruisers . They fit better than the other brands and leak less often .
 My sister referred me to Pampers Swaddler 's when my son was born and they were awesome . Not one leak ! Unlike Huggies who leaked 3 times at the absolute worst times . I switched and never looked back -LRB- or under him again -RRB- . Pamper 's Cruiser 's were the obvious choice when he outgrew Swaddler 's and I am just as happy . Highly Recommend !
 Pampers are the best diapers there are . I have used the Swaddlers and the Cruisers for both my sons , and they are wonderful
 ... they are offering a special deal . Otherwise , you can buy them cheaper at BRU using their $ 5 off coupon AND a manufacturer coupon .
 My review is actually more about Amazon , since the Pampers are clearly good quality . I love ordering from Amazon . You make the ordering process a pleasure and never stressful . The customer service people are also so nice to deal with , and always give the customer the benefit of the doubt.I also love the Free Shipping option , and as long as you offer this , I will continue to order my diapers from you!Thanks !
 I 've tried Pampers , Luvs and Huggies . Huggies were a TERRIBLE fit while Luvs were OK , but had some leak problems . Pampers Swaddlers and Cruisers are the best fitting I 've found , and I 've never had leak issues . I also tried those new Huggies , that are supposed to have that hourglass fit - those had the worst leaks of all . The hourglass is TOO wide and not in the right area of the legs , and the poop and pee came right out . If anyone has ever had leaks with Pampers , I 've got to believe that they were using the wrong size . -LRB- I also use Pampers Baby Dry for night-time . -RRB-
 I was faithful to Pampers Cruisers until a bought Huggies Supreme on sale . BIG MISTAKE !! My baby NEVER leaked with Cruisers -- even overnight . But , with Huggies Supreme , she leaked at least half a dozen times during the day ! I will never buy anything else again -- Cruisers are the best around .
 Great product ! No leaks . Absorbent . Stretch waist band to fit . Price beat Sams Club . Delivery time was fantastic -LRB- within a week of order placed on the weekend -RRB- ! My son has always been in the 25 % in height and around 50 % in weight . Recently , he has slimmed up but Pampers Cruisers are still our choice . Sure they cost a little more than the other name or store brands but for his comfort and the leak protection , Pampers ca n't be beat . Occasionally , in the mornings , I have found that jelly-like residue on his skin , but this only occurs when the diaper is very full . Full to the point that the other diapers leak .
 before this i tried huggies and i found leaking always . now i turned to pampers cruisers its been 2 months no leaking and now iam changing diapers for every 4 hours and nights like every 5 hrs but did n't find any leaking awsome product ...
 We have used both Pampers and Huggies diapers and Pampers Cruisers are the best ! The thing I like about them the most are the tabs ! They are easy to use -LRB- compared to Huggies -RRB- and we 've never had one rip off ! Also , my daughter stays dry without clumping ! Cruisers are worth every cent !
 I LOVE these diapers . I have a 6 month old girl and she 's constantly loving around , diapers hold in place . cloth like feeling . I never have to feel like the diapers on too tight . expensive buy worth every dime .
 These diapers have by far the best flexible/stretchable side tabs out of any diaper to make a really good fit ... much better than Pampers Baby Dry in my opinion .
 I 've tried them all , and Pampers are the only brand that fits my kids ' butts for some reason . The Cruisers are a little less bulky , which I prefer , although the kids do n't seem to care . And with the Economy Pack , they 're * almost * reasonably priced ...
 I have been using Pampers Cruisers since my son could fit in them . They are the best diapers . No blow outs and no leaks ever!If you find that your baby is having leaks , it 's because you have to move up a size . Huggies and Luvs both leaked with my son.Cruisers never ! Definitely worth the extra money !
 It 's the cheapest deal ever .23 cents per a diaper.Comparing other deal in this site ... 104 daiapers pack for $ 29.99 = 29 cents for a diaper .50 diapers pack for $ 14.99 = 30 cents/a diaper.Comparing a deal other location ... `` Toy 's Us '' sell 50 diapers pack for $ 13.99 . -LRB- it means 28 cents for a diaper . -RRB- `` Costco '' sell 126 diaper pack for $ 29.99 -LRB- it means 24 cents for a diaper . -RRB- So ... it 's the best deal , is n't it ?
 I feel like a fool because I told all of the moms I know to get their diapers from Amazon because it was such a great deal . Then I found out they had raised the price three whole dollars between the time I bought diapers and the time my friends went to buy them . Now I look like I do n't know what I am talking about.On the other hand , I really like the product . I will warn you that the sizes seem to be a bit off to me . I 've been using size 3 since my daughter was about 13 pounds . The size 2s were much too small by that point . So count on them running a little small .
 These are the Ferrari of diapers . Soft and colorful are totally leak free and can hold a long night with no problems .
 My daughter in law chose `` cruisers '' and we have been using them since size 3 . I have had the Amazon delivery for almost a year and love the convenience plus the fact that I do n't have to scour the paper for coupons and then drive all over town to get diapers . Home delivery is the best !
 We 've tried a lot of different diapers , and the type that fits our children best are the Pampers . We have never had a Pampers leak , except for one time when we changed a diaper really sleep deprived and put it on inside out . I do not recommend putting on a diaper inside out .
 I liked this one . did not have any leaks . only if it fills up a lot , it will leak . i guesss this is true for any product .
 I have tried all diapers out there , and by far these are the best diapers out there . No leaks , not bulky , and so many more reason that I ca n't list .
 I ca n't find this size and quantity locally , so it is the biggest bang for my buck and on a quality diaper . I have used huggies and luvs and feel that both are inadequate to Pamer Cruisers . I have less blow outs and less laundry , which in turn saves me time and money . Gott ' a love that .
 Not as good as Pampers Baby Dry . They are harder to get on if that ispossible . Toddlers wiggle and the tabs do n't come out as fast.Still like them though
 We 've been using the Pampers Sensitive line up until this size and were very happy with them until the end , when we had a lot of leaks . That has stopped now with the Cruisers.My only complaint is that I ordered this on my Amazon Prime account and that means I should have received in in 2 days . For some unexplained reason , they plan to get it to me in 6 days -- not so convenient for diapers . The baby is why I signed up -LRB- and paid -RRB- for Amazon Prime in the first place .
 Was using huggies prior , and wanted to change because huggies was leaving white crystal/sand on our daughters bottom , plus it didnt fit all that well , but it was fine . Tried the pampers , because we used it for overnight use since it seemed to hold it better , in any case , now using it for everyday , all day , not so much the crystal residue left behind , but is leaving something behind just not as bad . Seems to fit better , i dont think our daughter cares one way of the other . If you like it use it , otherwise , nothing special
 We have used the Pampers Swaddlers and Cruisers with our son since birth . We are so pleased with these and when you buy in bulk , they are cheaper ! Plus , the convenience of shipping the diapers right to your door for free makes it a small luxury . We have n't really tested out other diapers because we have n't needed to - we like these just fine .
 I know every babies bottom is different . However if your child and the Swadlers/Cruisers line fit each other , these diapers are worth every penny.Before our sun was born we were given every brand of diapers imaginable and in times of necessity we have used several generic brands . Nothing feels as nice , fits as well , and cleans up like these Pampers.The fasteners are very secure without being sticky . The wastes stretch the right amount to be snug . The material is not scratchy to our hands , so must not be to his bottom . Also they are very absorbent.When we start getting low I always buy the largest quantity of the size he is in ASAP of Amazon and they are delivered quickly .
 My wife and I have used Pampers for years now . Other well known brands were found to have an unacceptable rate of failure . However , it is a very rare occurrence with Pampers Cruisers . There have been times when sleep deprivation was to blame for a Pampers Cruiser diaper remaining on my son from morning until night . They did not leak , and the amount of fluid retained was astonishing ! The diapers were so full you would expect them to burst , yet my son remained dry . Buy this excellent diaper with confidence .
 I 've used Pampers Cruisers for both of my children . I 've been happy with their overall performance . I think that the price Amazon.com sells the diapers for is one of the best -LRB- you get more diapers for your money when compared to other sellers -RRB- . If you are looking to save a few more dollars , look into Amazon 's `` Subscribe and Save '' program . It has really saved my family a lot of money .
 As a new mom , I am constantly learning . I tried some other brands , but came back to Pampers because it is the most soft and my son seems to like it the best . The others seemed to bother him when wet . Some even leak . The cruisers are great but Dry Baby is just as good if your little one is not crawling/walking yet . It 's a bit cheaper . In any case , Pampers make the best diapers . I tried Seventh Generation , Huggies , Costco brand , etc. .
 After trying several brands of diapers with my two children , I found these to be the best . They seem wider and definitely fit better than competing brands . They are also more absorbent and seem to be more comfortable . Most importantly , we 've had far fewer leaks & blow-outs with these diapers . I highly recommend them . I also highly recommend buying these diapers through Amazon subscribe & save . You get a discount for buying in bulk , and the shipping is free . I never have to buy diapers at the store or clip diaper coupons .
 These are great diapers for my 12 month old , she is already walking and so far she has not been able to tear them off !
 Pampers are the best brand available ! They are the only brand I 've found that does n't leak . I wo n't us anything else .
 I have purchased other types of diapers and I love these because there are n't any leaks . I would definitely buy more of these .
 I allways used the pampers dipers for my baby . huggies just do n't do the job for my little one . Pampers crusier allway keaps my douther happie and dry . and whit the economic plus pack , diper becomes more affodebole for us . insted of 80 diper for 40 $ , I get 160 dipers for about 37 $ .
 These diapers are very good . They seal very well and are also pretty comfortable . Easy to dress your baby on them too .
 I used to buy huggies for my kids , but one day the store was running out and I have a coupon for pampers cruisers , so I tried . I was not disappointed at all . The diapers have a great absorbiency , they 're more expensive than huggies but they 're work well so it makes it Ok . And my kids love elmo so we have a winner .
 My son , now 15 months old , has been wearing Pampers since he was only days old , first the Swaddlers and now Cruisers . I have always liked that they seem softer and more clothe-like than Huggies . They also seem to fit him better too - he is on the slim side . Perhaps they are more expensive than other brands , but personally , I have found it worthwhile to spend a bit more to get a comfortable diaper that fits well . Plus , I love ordering them from Amazon and having them delivered to my door . Much better than having to lug them home from the store !
 Pampers Cruisers versus Baby Dry - I pick Cruisers for my twins . They are really scooting around and Cruisers are stretchy and flexible and they do n't leak . Even free super-saver shipping gets them here fast - and they are worth it !
 I think we have become somewhat spolied when it comes to diapers . We have used Pampers from the beginning -LRB- over a year ago now -RRB- and we love them ! We 've gone from the Swaddlers to the Baby Dry and now we 're onto the Cruisers . They are soft , very absorbent and easy to use . I had to buy generic diapers at our local grocery store because I ran out of Pampers and I was very disappointed with them . Also , by getting Pampers through the Subscribe and Save program we save money -LRB- over buying them at the store -RRB- and the diapers are delivered right to us . Although not cheaper than the generic brands , it is worth it for us and for our little girl .
 Pampers are the best . They are soft , smell good and work phenomenally . I have heard people complain that babies can `` poop up the back '' of these diapers , especially breastfed babies , but I have not had this problem even though my little one is exclusively breastfed still at 8 months . I think the key is to make sure that you have your baby in the biggest size they can fit into . Even when the diapers are bigger , they fit very well . If the diaper is too small , the poop will fly . My little one is 22 pounds now , and fits into the size 3 , but we are going to move him into the size 4 's next time we purchase to avoid the poop-factor . Once again , great diapers .
 We are using this product for our younger daughter for the past 1year . And we used same for our elder daughter . It works pretty well . On trips etc you dont have to change it for 4-5 hrs . We wear this diaper to our daughter all night as well.Thanks !!
 We love Cruisers . No leaks , no rashes , no problems ... just a great diaper that lets my daughter do anything she wants to do without any messy fears !
 This is an exellent buy , i have bought before and its worth it would highly recomend .
 Pampers are an outstanding product that are by far the best diapers for my son !
 Used the promo code to save some $ $ on these diapers . This was the first time we 've used these diapers and have n't been disappointed . Greatly recommended for the price .
 We started purchasing Pampers through Amazon about 4 or 5 months ago for our baby . We love it ! It 's a great product that does what a diaper is suppose to do . We did the subscribtion offer so diapers are sent to us every 5 weeks -LRB- you can determine how many weeks you 'd like them sent to you -RRB- . It worked great for us because it was sent every few weeks and we did n't have to go to the store weekly to buy diapers and it was a better price on Amazon .
 The promo code makes this 23 dollars for a case and I paid in amazon giftcards from swagbucks , which basically made them free !
 Great product , never disappointed , no leaks , compare to huggies I would give it a 10 . Tried huggies for a change , but went righ back to pampers cruisers as soon the box of huggies was gone .
 We love these diapers for my 2 year old and one year old sons . One is thin , the other , pretty stout and we never have leaks for either child . I 've tried 3 other brands and none compare .
 My baby is happy with her pampers , they are confortable and have the perfect form , and absorption . And mommy is happy with the great deal that nobody else can give me ... $ $ $ $
 I have tried a variety of brands and have been disappointed . I 've stayed faithful to the Cruisers product since it is really the best diaper for everyday and travel use . This one does not leak nearly as much as the other brands , if at all !
 used to buy exclusively on Amazon but now that they are expensive again , will go back to BJ 's where it is cheaper .
 The last time I got diapers they were 7.49 now they are 10.49 . Why did the price go up ? I will not be buying my diapers from amazon any more .
 Amazon by far has the best diaper prices on both Huggies and Pampers . The Cruisers are far better than the Baby Dry in that they feel like cloth and do n't have that plastic feel to them like the baby dry does . I can switch between Pampers and Huggies with no problem but at nite I prefer the Cruisers because they come up a tad higher on her waist and do n't sag down in the morning no matter how soaked they are . The only thing I wish is that they tabs would be more consistent ! I have bought 3 packages with 3 different style tabs ! These though did not come from Amazon .
 I have tried huggies ultratrim and cruisers baby dry for my 6 month old . Cruisers is way better than both . I am more than satisfied with this product . It offers comfort and security -LRB- from leaks -RRB- both .
 I use have used pampers for both of my children . I the last time I ordered some pampers through amazon the price was 7.49 . I logged on today to order 4 more packages and to my disbelief they upped the price 3.00 . I will no longer be using amazon after seeing such a big price hike .
 I thought I should chime in here on the pricing issue . Amazon has now added larger Value Packs where you can get still get the same price per diaper you were getting before on these smaller packs . This is the most competitive price I can find anywhere and you can get it shipped free to your door .
 I love these diapers for my son , they give him a lot of movement and no Leaking which is always a great plus ! I would n't use anything else !
 Cruisers is our choice for diapers to use after Swaddlers . My son will soon outgrow the biggest size of Swaddlers -LRB- 2-3 -RRB- and will start using Cruisers . I have tried them on a few times already and they are pretty much like the Swaddlers , which is a relief , because the other Pampers option - Baby Dry - have very low absorbency and my baby was wet in between changings with them . We could not use even one pack of Baby Dry - so uncomfortable and wet . So , I was quite skeptical about anything by Pampers , which was not Swaddlers , but the Cruisers passed the test . They keep baby 's skin dry , and seem to wrap well around his body to prevent unwanted leaks . They also seem pretty light , which means the baby 's skin wo n't get hot and sweaty .
 I love using Cruisers for my 21 month old son . They do n't leak.It is difficult to find the large box of diapers in this size . So ordering them from Amazon is very convienent .
 These shipped to my door for free at this price is great . We used to get them at costco but they stopped carrying them .
 We have always loved the cruisers . We used them on our first daughter and now are using them for our second . The stretch sides provide flexibility and do n't leave red marks on their legs . They also make it through the whole night without a changing - and those diapers are heavy and full the next morning !
 I like the elastic tabs as they allow the larger diaper to still fit my slim toddler .
 I am a true Pampers Cruisers believer . I 've tried other brands briefly but this line works best on my 2-year-old , and I have not had as many problems with leaks and blow-outs . I definitely like the added convenience of ordering the value-sized box online . One less thing to struggle with at the grocery store , with a toddler in tow !
 Pampers Cruisers are by far the best diapers I have found , and I 've tried many styles of many brands . The fit is great , no leaks , no blow outs . Other diapers left my son fussing because they hurt his thighs , but these are compeletely comfortable for him . I 'd recommend them to any parent looking for the right diaper !
 I have been using pampers cruisers ever since my son could wear them . They are well worth the money . I made the mistake once of grabbing Pampers Baby Dry though . Those are horrible . No stretch in the waist . If you put them tight enough not to leak he could n't bend , if you put them loose they leaked . So go with the cruisers !
 Best of the throw-aways . Very absorbant , the securing tabs work almost as good as the overnight pampers . In 18 months had 2 malfunctions . I highly recommend these diapers .
 My 13 month old is a heavy sleeper . We tried other brands of diapers , but Draven was able to soak them through , getting his bed linens wet . These diapers not only stopped the leaks , but keeps him dry and comfy all night .
 I have tried Huggies on my sons but Pampers by far seem to be the better fit . Love buying them online because I can get a great bulk price plus free shipping . Best deal I know of !
 It 's very good ! I used buy a lot from amazon . But amazon price is not good right now . You can get it at same price in anywhere such as Target shore .
 We 've tried a lot of diapers over the 16 month life of our son and Pampers -LRB- starting with the swaddlers -RRB- have always been the best at stopping leaks . We really like the Cruisers as well . It has always been a good fit and worth the slightly higher cost . Ordering them from Amazon was simple and the box arrived quickly .
 We 've tried both Pampers and Huggies for our 7-month old son . We like Pampers Cruisers more . It 's softer and absorbs well . We do n't need to worry about night-time leaking . Would strongly recommend it .
 I was sad when my little girl outgrew the last size -LRB- size 2 -RRB- available in Swaddlers and purchased both Huggies and Pampers for her . The Huggies leaked out of the inside leg seam every single time , so I tried Pampers - both Baby Dry and the Cruisers . Although neither leaked , the Cruisers seemed much easier for her to move around in and the fit is amazing.You can tell pampers has done their baby-research !! Thank you !
 I really got a great deal on the diapers and was excited that they were free shipping also .
 After much trial and error . Many soaked sheets and pajamas . I have settled on Pampers cruisers . They are the driest I have found without the problem of those weird crystals that can get all over with some of those other brands . Not the cheapest of the diapers , but you as a parent will sleep better with a dryer kid , and that is soooooooooooooooo worth it !
 Pampers are great , it always take only one day to deliver my package without paying one cent shipping and handling . I loved it ! Un-expensive and very convinient!Pampers Cruisers , Size 6 , Economy Plus Pack , 100 Cruisers
 It so awesome to have these wonderful diapers delivered to my home . They never leak , keep the baby dry , and are worth paying more than you 'd pay for Pampers Cruisers which get all bulky ... TIPS - use subscribe mode to save more .
 These pampers are pretty good , I found out that some diaper brands work better on boys and some brands work better on girls . I have a little boy and I like the Pampers because they have a Little more padding in the front of the diaper and I close the tapes lower down on the diaper waist line and I have no leaks . The only thing with these diapers that i didnt like was that they left some gel on My baby 's skin .
 I really enjoyed ordering this product online because it lasted me a long time . Before ordering this product I was having to go to the store more frequently to buy diapers . I had looked everywhere for a box of this size and was rather impressed when I found it here at this site . Love this product!MM
 These Never leak and are good enough to wear over night . This is the only diaper I buy .
 These are the same diapers being sold at Safeway and Giant for almost twice as much ! I wish I had known about the ability to by diapers online with my first child !
 Good diapers but ca n't tell much difference comparing to Baby Dry .
 this is way better diaper than Huggies . My daugher does not have problem with leaking anymore , no matter how much stuff in there -LRB- unlike Huggies -RRB- . Eventhough it is a little bit more expensive , who cares ?
 I really do like this product . They are n't as soft as the huggies for sure , but they keep moisture away from my little baby girl better -LRB- 6m old -RRB- . The huggies left little gel pieces all over her , which ca n't be good . The Cruisers are a tiny bit smaller between the legs . I will buy these again !
 I have b/g twins and they have not had a leak with these diapers . I even use them at night without any problems . I especially like the price I received at Amazon with the free shipping !
 The Best Diaper.The Pampers Cruisers are my first choice and always the ones I am reaching for first.Very Good !
 We used pampers ' swaddlers before , but since we ca n't get them in size 3 we decided to switch . They definitely do the job . No leaks -LRB- used them for 3 weeks already -RRB- , super soft , and smell just as good as the last ones . I am definitely going to order again !
 I bought it from amazon.com for my 18 month daughter . The diaper works great ! It lasts longer than other products I used . Also it covers tightly - So no leak !
 I have been using Pampers diapers for my daughter since she was born . She is now 3 and I am still using them for her though hopefully she will be potty trained soon!I am very impressed with the quality of Pampers products . They are soft and never leave any kind of marks on her . They have never leaked either . The sizes are great - especially the size 6 in cruisers and the baby dry . She has been wearing those for quite a while and there is still plenty of room . I did try another name brand with her from a sample I received but they leaked and caused a diaper rash which she has never had with the Pampers.I would recommend Pampers to any new parent , they are worth the extra they cost .
 Pampers Cruiser has been my choice of diaper . I 've used Huggies -LRB- Supreme and baby-shaped -RRB- and Pampers Baby-dry , and found out Pampers Cruiser is the best for my son . It 's soft , flexible and tough , we rarely had leakage . Although my son 's skin is very sensitive , he never has had problem with it .
 The saying is `` you get what you pay for '' that is abundantely true in diapers . I recently had to buy a differnt brand in an emergency and HATED them . These are the best diapers out there . They do not leak and they are the softest for the skin .
 We have used Pampers on our son since he was born -- first , the Pampers Swaddlers size N -LRB- so soft and tiny ! -RRB- , then the Pampers Swaddlers size 1 -LRB- so soft ! -RRB- , then the Pampers Swaddlers size 1-2 -LRB- so soft ! -RRB- , then the Pampers Swaddlers size 2 -LRB- so soft ! -RRB- , but the Swaddlers ended there -LRB- so sad ! -RRB- ... so , we moved on to Pampers Cruisers size 3 , and now we are on Pampers Cruisers size 4 . I can count on one hand the number of times he has leaked through/blown out of a Pampers diaper . They are great diapers - high quality and good design . Love the cute Sesame Street characters on them , and so does our son . I recommend buying these in -LSB- ... -RSB- - best value . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I love Pamper Cruisers and I use it for my two kids because it 's soft and make them feel comfortable to move , especially it absorbs moisture and keeps wetness away so you do n't have to worried about rash or redness .
 It is very thin , but hold more than other brand 's thicker diapers . I always use pampers for my son . I love the flexible sides , it holds better than baby dry does.The only thing bad is that Amazon keep driving the price up . Now it is the same price as I would get from local stores .
 I bought Pampers Cruisers for my 2 year old daugther through Amazon and the product is really good and I have been getting the Pampers Cruisers from the very begining and I am highly satisfied with the product . I initially also got Huggies for my daugther but would rate Pampers Cruisers as a better product with higher quality
 very soft and strong diaper . my bb loves it . hold quite a bit , no leak for over 12 hrs at nite . I used it on my bb since 3.5 months and now he is 7 months old .
 I use Pampers Cruisers for my twin boys and used to use them for my daughter . The only time they ever leaked is when my husband put them on -LRB- incorrectly -RRB- !! The elastic on the side makes it so easy to get them on tightly , but comfortably .
 I really do n't understand the complains about the new Pampers ' Dry Max technology . My baby has very sensitive skin and theses diapers are gentle enough not to cause her any rash . I 'm a stay at home mom and I change my baby 's diapers very frequently and always use generous amounts of Desitin Creamy , so no rash for baby Cristina . Another plus , they are light weighted so they fit better under her clothes and look comfortable now that she is starting to crawl .
 I have bought most of the pampers size 6 for my daughter . I like them very much because they are thin . My daughter can walk and does n't pee or poop during the night so those diapers with super thin back are really good for her .
 i have ordered pampers on amazon since my daughter was very small and have never had a problem . this package looks a bit different , i dont know if pampers just changed the diaper or what . have yet to test them out but they do smell the same ... haha .
 Best diapers ever ! I received it in time . Too band they raised the price , I 'll think about buying it here again .
 The cost was the cheapest at Amazon for these diapers plus the shipping was free .
 This item was purchased off of a wish list for an out-of-state school . I am assuming it is a very good product otherewise it would not have been on the wish list . Sorry I ca n't give you more info .
 I have a new grandson and I am his Pampers Fairy . Try to send them to him as he needs them . Just enjoy helping out and know this is something he will defenitely use for awhile . The Diapers come even faster than the estiamted delivery date . Thanks , Amazon .
 I personally think these are the best diapers and are worth every penny . I refuse to purchase any other brand after using Pampers .
 These are the same pamper 's cruisers you can get in the local stores , but they are approximately half price . Great deal , prompt shipment . Would definitly buy again .
 Unlike size 4 , it has mesh style.It absorbs well , but something like gel came out from inside .
 Pamper diaper is the best choice for my baby . It makes both of us easy and keeps her dry all the time . It is great product .
 Pampers Swadlers and Cruisers are simply THE best . No questions there . Just bummed to see that Amazon is out of stock on these . I am waiting to buy a load when they are available -LRB- of course , only if they do n't jack up the price again -RRB-
 I agree with the previous reviewer ... these really are the best diapers and I am so bummed that they are out of size 3 's !
 I thought I should chime in here on the pricing issue . Amazon has now added larger Value Packs where you can get still get the same price per diaper you were getting before on these smaller packs . This is the most competitive price I can find anywhere and you can get it shipped free to your door .
 Overall , this is a good product . The drawback I found so far is that the fastening tabs can be hard and sharp . Sometimes they can cut a mark on baby 's belly .
 I tried a bunch of different brands of diapers -LRB- Huggies , Luvs , White Cloud -RRB- and the Pampers Swaddlers/Cruisers keep in the leaks the best . They are also the easiest to change - the stretchy sides make them fit SO much better ! Plus , for the price on Amazon and free shipping if you spend $ 25 , it 's cheaper than buying in bulk at Sams or Babies R Us . It also saves me a trip to the store -LRB- which is KEY with an infant -RRB- !
 After trying many brands , Pampers was the only that did n't leak through the night . My son is now 21/2 & he still drinks plenty of milk so I use them faithfully . Others Mom 's I talked to agreed that Pampers seemed not to leak ; for the boys especially . I used the regular Pampers for the 1st year then tried the Cruisers line as they have more give around the waist when my son started moving around a bit more . I hate that they 're pricier than all other diapers but saves time & money in washing wet clothes for other diapers that leaked on me incl . Huggies , CVS brands , etc. . I just wish Amazon excepted the Mftrs . coupons for Pampers but they do offer free shipping & only reason I order them here is w/the price of gas , a trip to the store is now $ 4 anyway !!!!
 We usually use cloth diapers , but like disposables for night and for when the boys are at the sitters . We tried all sorts of diapers , but these are the only ones that fit both babies -LRB- they are shaped very differently even though they wear the same size diaper according to weight -RRB- and do n't leak at night . They also seem a lot more comfortable for the babies . I hate regular Pampers because of the way they fit , but these are by far the best .
 Simply put , Pampers Cruisers are the Cadillac , the Xerox , the Kleenex , the Coke , the Microsoft of diapers . These are the diapers that all other diapers wish they could be . Pampers Cruisers do everything a diaper should do and more . I 've never had a Pamper leak poo or pee , and they look oh so comfortable to boot . Huggies and Luvs are a distant 2nd and 3rd in the diaper game . If I wore a diaper , Pampers would be my first choice , no doubt about that !
 We have tried other diapers and have found these to be the best . We have used Cruisers for my son since he was able to fit in size 3 's . Try to get these on Amazon when they have the $ 30 promo . All you have to do is spend $ 99 on diapers and Amazon gives you the promo code about 10 weeks later . We have found this to be the best deal since we do n't get charged taxes and shipping is free .
 These diapers are great ! I have never had a problem with leaks , like I did with huggies .
 My baby is now 1 year old and it seems the older he gets the more he has to go . He drinks lots of fluids and that surely does n't help . I have tried many other less expensive brands and just kept coming back to Pampers . I just recently bought the cruisers but unfortunately they do n't work for me at night . I decided to use them during the day because my baby is extremely active and for bedtime I recommend the Pampers Baby-Dry . The Baby Dry is the best for us , no buts about it . I have already recommended both of them to all my friends .
 We loved Pampers Swaddlers for our newborn , so when he needed size 3 , we tried Pampers Cruisers . They fit great . They have stretchy sides and velcro tabs that stay closed , even when opened and reclosed several times . The diapers have a baby powder scent that helps mask urine odors , but it 's not strong enough so that I do n't know a poopy diaper needs to be changed . They are really absorbent and we have never had leaks when my son has slept for as long as ten hours.The only problem is an occasional unusable diaper . I 've found that about one diaper in every three packages can not be used because the velcro tab is missing or sewn too far into the diaper . To me , it is a small price to pay for diapers that I am really happy with .
 Pampers Cruisers have the absolute best fit out there . When my daughter was born , I tried all the brands to find the best . This diaper not only fits well , but it holds up to leaks as well . I love that they have a little fragrance - some of them smell like plastic . I would recommend this diaper to anyone with a `` cruising '' baby .
 cruisers are the best but amazon just ruined their good rep. I always thought amazon was the best because of their great prices but then they change it not a dollar or so but 3 dollars !!!!!! SHAME ON YOU !! It used to be worth it to buy 5 packs at a time , but now i can go to the drug store and pay less plus get them the same day instead of 3-5 weeks !! Just ridiculous . Amazon , your losing lots of customers ...
 Totally agree with other mom , the price & the shipping time is horrible , as far as diaper , I love pamper products , the sizes are more appropiate , softer , and assorts better !
 These are the BEST ! Great absorbtion even with poop !!! None of my babies outfits have been ruined or stained since my switch to these diapers from Huggies -LRB- worst diaper EVER !! -RRB- Skip the Pampers Baby Dry . These are the BEST ! THANK YOU PAMPERS !!!! They can be a little pricey but they are SO worth it when you think of all the money you spend on your baby 's cute outfits .
 I have tried several brand diapers , and really like Pampers Swaddlers and Pampers Cruisers most . -LRB- I did not like Pampers Baby Dry ! -RRB- Cruisers are definitely worth the price . I have never had any issues with Amazon shipping , as mentioned in some of the other reviews - I always seem to get my order within a few days . I order in bulk when Amazon is having gift certificate promotions -LRB- i.e. spend $ 100 , get $ 30 -RRB- , and usually get my gift certificate just in time for my next order ... so , it saves even more money ... not to mention they show up at my doorstep for no extra charge ! You ca n't go wrong . ** Addendum *** While I DID receive my diapers within just a few days of ordering , I am still waiting for the wipes that I ordered at the same time - it 's been several weeks . Now I know what some of the other reviewers were talking about .
 I have been purchasing Pamper 's Cruisers since my baby turned 4 months old -LRB- 148 count -RRB- . They are great . They provide leakage protection . I had maybe 1 leak in 2 months . Great diapers .
 My little girl has been in pampers since the day she was born and I love them ! Even in the awkward crawling stage we did n't have any leaks.Once she got to be 9-10 months and still taking a night time bottle we did have some leaks at night , and then I started using huggies overnights only because I could not find a similar pampers product.We never had a problem with the mesh lining , but my daughter has had some bad diaper rashes , the worst were actually strep infections on her skin and I do n't think the best diaper could have prevented them.I also have never had a problem with the silica lining coming out , but I do know for a fact that the lining is NOT poisonous . I had a friend whose son insisted on chewing the diapers and she called poison control to find out.We have started to switch up to pull ups 2/3T for overnight and naps now that we are potty training and they also work great ! No leaks and my daughter thinks they are underpants .
 I had been using the pampers diapers right from the time my little boy was born . He is 16 months old now and I still love these diapers and never had any problems of leaking or rash using these diapers . I am using Pampers Cruisers size 5 now.Those who want to buy pampers , be sure that u do n't buy Pampers Baby Dry ; they are very rough for the baby 's tender skin and are leaky too . I did n't like them to the least.I like the velcro for the pampers diapers , they are very elastic and move well with the baby . I hope this review helps .
 Pampers Cruisers are the best diapers so far that my babies ever tried.Soft , delicate , flexible . They have good comfortable fit . The last two boxes though had a little bit different quality . I think they are not as soft as they were . But still it is the best compare to any other brand .
 I found Pampers Swadlers then Cruisers to be the best for my baby who is long and lean . The elastic keeps all liquid in his diaper . We never have leaks . I did try other brands but found Pampers the best for us .
 I always used Pampers . It 's great that they 're delivered to my door . It makes my life easier .
 The only diaper that consistently does not leak . I have tried them all and would not use any other .
 We love these diapers , but Amazon keeps creeping up the price . SAMS Club now has these for $ 29.00 plus tax . Even with the free shipping , SAMS is cheaper .
 Great diapers . Absorption is good . The shape is very important to me since my baby has a relatively large bottom . Pampers ' diapers have the best bottom coverage compared with other leading brands .
 Both my girls have always been Pampers babies . I have tried Huggies , but they are just too bulky with the same absorbance . I like the idea of Huggies ' diaper shape , slimmer I the middle . I wish Pampers would come up with diapers in that shape , then it would be perfect for my girls .
 To date is the best diaper we 've tried for our very active and messy baby boy .
 Pampers Cruisers are top quality , but the real benefit is the free delivery right to your door . The price is also the same price you 'd pay at a local store , but no tax and no effort !
 This is the best diaper for my boy . He has no diaper rash even since wearing this .
 I purchase these diapers for my grandson . They are comfortable for him and very absorbent .
 Good for my soon to be 2 year old . No rashes ever - no mess ever . Just perfect .
 These diapers fit my grandkids perfectly , are very easy to put on and take off , and we 've never had them leak or break . My son has been buying them for years for his kids -LRB- all sizes -RRB- .
 Best diaper ever , the shape is good and comfortable , very soft and adjusts comfortably .
 I love the subscribe and save option . You save more and it is super convenient . With the 2-day free shipping you ca n't go wrong ! And I guess I am fortunate to live somewhat close to a distribution center because twice now I have gotten the delivery the very next day . Once was even less than 24 hours ! Amazing that free shipping could come that quickly ! And I just love the Pampers diapers .
 Huggies just did not make the grade . For our child 's bottom , Pampers Cruisers have been a perfect fit - - we as parents and our child have no complaints - - and buying them from Amazon has been a delight.We usually buy two cases at a time -- being shipped right to our door can not be beat . This is a bulky item to transport and just carrying it upstairs is a delight .
 Cruisers provide a good fit with almost no leaking . They 're comfy on our little guy . We have tried other brands and prefer this one !
 I think pampers fit well on the ever-moving body of crawling babies ! They are absorbent and leak proof . These are a good fit and a good price .
 my baby is 12 moth now and she uses the Pampers Cruisers -LRB- size 3 -RRB- from 4-month-old . it is soft and my baby never have `` rush '' with it . my whole family love this diapers .
 It happens that my son is off the charts for height and weight . On his 2nd birthday he was in the 50th percentile for a -LSB- ... -RSB- He is not yet potty trained at 2.9 and therefore still needs to wear diapers -- diapers that wo n't chafe , are n't too tight , and are still effective . I 've only found two that I like
 I ca n't say enough about these diapers ! After trying every brand and cheap brand out there I return to these every time . They might be a little more expensive , but considering it is my kid 's butt that is effected it is much worth the price ! My kid 's -LRB- all 3 -RRB- broke out from other diapers and worse yet I found my son was highly allgrc to huggies causing a near death experience . Not to mention these are the only diapers that I have never had a problem with leaking - even after all night wear . It saves me time and effort in washing sheets , blankets and clothes - that alone is worth the extra money ! Plus I have found they tend to block the `` oder '' from urine and such .
 I have been very pleased with both the promotional offers and overall service from Amazon.com . Amazon has the lowest Pampers prices on the net when you consider the $ 30.00 to use toward a future diaper purchase as well as their prompt shipping practices . My three cases of diapers were shipped free to my doorstep within five days of the order placement.Prior to using Pampers Cruisers we used Huggies Supreme with our active toddler but we decided that Pampers were far better for us in the end because they are less bulky and the tabs stay attached much better . Further , a simple call to pampers for defective diapers renders generous coupons as they stand behind their product . In sum , you get a good value from a good company .
 I have read quite a few of the reviews and was surprised to see the complaints about shipping time . I live in upstate NY and have ordered these twice and got them in 2 to 4 days both times . I figure why carry them home from the store and pay tax on them when I can have them shipped to my door so easily .
 Lots of diapers ... decent price , and they came in about 3-5 days not the 14 + that was originally stated . I believe the overall price is a tad bit higher than Sam 's Club , but with free shipping and not having to drive 12 miles to the nearest Sam 's , I saved that difference in gas and then some .
 I love it . No tax , no shipping , no shopping in a store . Thank you amazon ! Thank you Pampers . I somehow got my last shipment the next day !!!
 Pampers are rated the best in many baby books . After having tried it , I was pleased and found that it fit my baby the best . - Noga Delshad
 My daughter has the most sensitive skin in the world . We tried every diaper imagineable ... from store brand , to expensive brands . The Pampers Cruisers are the only diapers that she not only does not leak through , but fit her great while she is in the process of walking ... they are easy on her skin , and she has no diaper rash with them , unlike Huggies , Luvs , and all store brands that we tried . I recommend for any new mom that wants disposeables , to buy these diapers for sure . We are second time parents , and Pampers worked best for both kids with their sensitive skin . Thanks Pampers !!!
 i just bought the economy size pampers cruisers and i love them . had never tried them before . the other pampers that are thinner are definately not as good . these diapers never leak and they are so comfy for my 16 month old . i would recommend them for sure ! and the huge pack is nice - do n't have to worry about running out .
 We are very happy with these diapers . We have tried Huggies , Pampers , and some store brands , and Pampers have been best for us . While blowouts are not entirely avoidable , there seem to be fewer with the Pampers . These Cruisers fit our daughter well - she can stretch in all directions , which is great for our little one learning to get around on her own . Leaks are not a problem . We can feel warmth as soon as she goes , which makes me think the moisture is wicked farthest away from her skin very quickly . We recommend them !
 We tried multiple brands of diapers after our son was born , and found Pampers Swaddlers and Cruisers to be the best fit for him , by far . He is long and lean , and most other diapers are just too wide for him . Pampers fit well and keep everything in !
 It so awesome to have these wonderful diapers delivered to my home . They never leak , keep the baby dry , and are worth paying more than you 'd pay for Huggies which get all bulky and do n't keep baby dry .
 We have used the Pampers from Day one and had only one or two blow outs this is important when you are dealing with two . Plus we subscribe to them on Amazon so they are cheaper than the store brands .
 I love that these are way cheaper than even Walmart and I do n't have to worry about lugging to kids under 3 to a store to buy diapers !
 Best diapers out there -- pricey , but can not be beaten when it comes to no leaks .
 Besides the fact that these are great diapers , Amazon has one of thebetter prices on these as well .
 I can say that I swear by these diapers . . I will not use any other brand . They 're dependable and with the price set for 140 of them , it is the best price point I have found !
 Pampers Cruisers are the step up from the Swaddlers . I 've used them from the day my daughter was born . I 've tried others , but nothing works as good as the Pampers products .
 I bought this item with the 30 $ off for 100 $ pampers coupon . I like and have been using Pampers for my daughter for long time .
 We tried different types and brands , and Pampers Cruises is the best for our 21 months old twin boy and girl . They 've been using size 4 for a while and recently we also use size 5 during the night .
 I have found that you ca n't beat Amazons Pampers prices and the best thing is that they show up on my door step often in less than a week !!!!!!!! No tax and no shipping.I buy all of my diapers from Amazon . The only down side is that I have n't figured out if or how to use manufactures coupons on Amazon 's site for even greater savings but the deals are as good as it gets .
 I love getting the economy plus pack of Pampers Cruisers . Ordering online makes things so much easier . The only problem I have is that delivery is not all that great . Even when I paid extra to get it to my house faster it came about two days later than I was told .
 All 's been said in the title . We like pampers and have been using it since my baby was born . The price went up quite a bit on Amazon though :--LRB- But we will still stick with it I guess .
 This is a very nice diaper , I like the fit better than all the other disposable diaper choices out there . I agree with the other reviewers about the pricing though , it is very erratic . Only yesterday the diapers were 7.49 with 3-5 weeks to ship , and today 10.49 and still 3-5 weeks waiting . Who can order these with such price fluctuations and long waiting?If Amazon could work out this problem they would be an excellent resource for this product .
 I LOVE the Pampers Cruisers brand !!! I 've been using these for over 2 yrs now for my son . I 've tried Huggies , Luvs , and other store brands . Only to realize that Pampers leaks the least out of any other diapers I 've tried.I just think that Amazon is charging way too much for a box of 140 diapers , even with their discount , and not counting the shipping charge . I buy my diapers from a local Supermarket -LRB- Safeway -RRB- for 25 bucks , that come in the 100 count box , without coupons . If you do the math I am spending 25 cents per diaper , versus paying 28 cents through Amazon 's price . Whats the big deal ??? I 'm saving 5 bucks on the cost of a box of diapers , and that not counting the shipping and handling charge . It does n't cost me much to drive to the store and pick up some diapers , especially those few times , you realize your about to run out of diapers and have to rush out to the store to get more.Amazon should really lower their prices a lot more if they want to sell to smart shoppers , that are trying to save money on such an expensive but needy item !
 These are the bigger baby version of Pamper 's Swaddlers , so if you are a Swaddlers fan , when you 're baby outgrowns them , upgrade to Cruisers . They have the stretchy elastic on the side of the -LRB- velcro -RRB- tabs , so you get a `` custom fit '' with every change , and the stretch also allows for movement -LRB- when the baby goes to bed with a big , full tummy , it shrinks through the night as food digests - these diapers stay snug , due to the stretchy part , and never leak -RRB- . Huggies has tried to make their own version , and I gamely tried them , only to find the huge elastic panel on the back to be very poorly fitting , and allows EVERYthing to leak out the back - yuck ! Pampers has recently added an open-weave cover inside , to assure that the mess seeps through , then keeps it away from baby 's skin , which is a great improvement -LRB- and I thought they were great BEFORE ! -RRB- . Yes , they ARE basically the most expensive diapers -LRB- although they are equally priced to Huggies , and the like -RRB- , but as with most things , you get what you pay for .
 It 's very hard to find size 6 Cruisers at the grocery store/Sam 's or even Costco . When I found out that Amazon sold the size I needed and in the bulk size , I could n't have been happier.The Pamper 's Cruisers are great for our active baby . They never leak and are comfortable for my son to wear.However , I would recommend ordering several boxes at a time . Sometimes Amazon runs out of the diapers and you are left with having to search your local stores for them . I 'm still waiting on a shipment I ordered in Jan. and it 's now March ...
 This is the only product that our kids use.we have tried other brands -LRB- huggies -RRB- and we find that our kids get diaper rash fairly easily . We finally tried pampers and we notice that our kids have less diaper rash.Great diaper.Problem
 We have tried the cheaper diapers a few times . Each time we had consistently more leaks . Once the kids get into the bigger sizes it is an issue because even the cheap diapers do n't leak.For kids under a year it is just not worth it to save a dollar or two when you are having multiple blow outs a week . Using these diapers has saved us from having to change clothes coutless times when we are out and about .
 We have tried most brands and have always come back to these . No leaks , no rashes , just a happy baby . Our daughter is moving around a lot now and we have had no issues at all . The per diaper cost of the 148 pack from Amazon is the best I 've found -LRB- with no tax or shipping cost . -RRB- And having them show up at the front door is the only way to shop .
 I am so happy with Pamper 's Cruisers . They never leak . I never have any problems with them . They seem comfortable to my baby . I 'd recommend them . You do get what you pay for !
 The Cruisers are a step ahead of other products . It 's more confortable , and does n't cause diaper rash even after long hours . This is definitely better than Huggies Supreme .
 Recently costco dropped pampers altogether in my area.I read somewhere that they made a deal with the producers of huggies to make the kirkland brand for them . We have tried them all and pampers cruiser work best for our little squirt . On a per diaper basis , we have trouble finding them cheaper than here .
 Our daughter wore nothing but Swaddlers and when the tme came to move up into 3 's we moved to the Baby Dry becasue they are a great daiper and were cheaper . We went through one case before we switched to the Cruisers . She became very active right aobut the time she wentt into 3 's . She was crawling , sitting up , rolling over ... she was mobile to say the least . She kept popping hte tabs in the Baby Dry becasue they did n't move with her . The Cruisers have more stretch to them adn she 's never had that problem since.She was n't in the 3 's long before she moved on into 4 's and now at 141/2 months we 're still using Cruisers in a 5 when she 's not wearing Pull Ups .
 We have a 3 year old , and 7 month old twin sons . We have tried almost EVERY diaper with the boys ... For my daughter , any diaper would do , but the boys just make a MESS with all other brands ! Huggies leaked , EVERY time they went ... It was ridiculous . The cheaper brands `` worked '' but wouldnt always stay on , or would give them odd rashes . Pampers , especially the new Cruisers , are the best!The boys are tiny , and have always seemed to be `` in between '' diaper sizes . The Pampers stretch well , so size is manageable . I also love how great they are for crawling , wiggling , and standing babies , since the boys are nearly 7 months old , they are doing -LRB- attempting -RRB- all of these stunts with Cruisers on their tushies , and not ONE LEAK ! We love the economy sized box that we order from Amazon , since we go through A LOT of diapers , but still find that Huggies overnights work well for night time , where the Cruisers leak -LRB- the boys are RESTLESS sleepers , turning around numerous times in one night -RRB- . They also dont give the kids weird rashes , and are VERY comfortable!I absolutly love them , and by purchasing this economy package online , we DO save money -LRB- although the occasional trip to the store for diapers is needed -RRB- . Save yourself the extra money -LRB- on laundry detergent and new `` non-soiled '' baby clothing -RRB- and purchase Pampers ! **** Their Swaddlers , and Pull-ups are equally amazing ! ****
 Pampers is very soft and is excellent at absorbing liquid . It is a little pricy compared with Huggies , but it worths when you get a good deal on amazon .
 Hey Everyone , Pampers Diapers , especially cruisers , swaddlers , and baby dry , etc , are on sale , well not advertised sale , but an EVERDAY LOW values type of thing where these diapers go for about $ 8.49 for a mega/Jumbo pack , and $ 15.39 for a SUPER Mega pack , in additional you can use manufactured COUPONS to save EVEN MORE $ $ . It 's sad that Amazon does not have the cheapest items for sale anymore . . Shame on Amazon . . shame shame . . tsk tsk .
 The Cruisers are great diapers , but the recent price increase from $ 7.49 to $ 10.49 does n't make them a good value anymore . In fact , they 're less expensive at many other stores -LRB- Target -RRB- .
 Great diapers , fast shipping and ca n't beat the price ! These are the price of what the stores sell them for in my area ! Thanks Amazon.com !!!!
 Tried others of similar price - did n't care for Huggies , HATED Luvs -LRB- really , hated -RRB- . This is the best price I 've seen anywhere . Get them , your baby will thank you -LRB- in her own way ... -RRB-
 I love these diapers . I think they are the best size 3 's on the market !!!
 After trying several brands including economical and environmentlly friendly ones , Pampers Cruisers were the only ones that did n't leak .
 I do n't use any other diapers for my boys but these . No leaks ! From swaddlers , to cruisers , to pull ups , they 're the best .
 This is the only kind of diapers I will buy . The big box delivered is great .
 my baby likes these pampers . I tried huggies for different stages but it was horrible experience . wou n't try anything else because it is just waist of money
 Pampers are the best I found for my kid , huggies are not that great and it causes rash if you tie it too tight .
 Even with super saver - comes in 2 days !!!
 Again , pleased with my transaction with Amazon . The item arrived in 3 days ! As for the diapers , Pampers Cruisers give comfort and dryness to my toddler who 's always on the move ...
 I have tried every other brand of diapers that 's out there and I swear by Pampers Cruisers ! They 're stretchy , soft and hold the most -LRB- so it 's worth paying more if you have to ! -RRB- .
 It best deal than Target , Costco . You got more diaper for less price . If you use Amazon Prime . You will get diaper package in two days without extra shipping cost .
 The pampers cruiser in size 4 is excellent for walking toddlers . It is trim , super absorbent and has not leaked for me yet . My son has been wearing these since he was about 10 months and is still wearing them now -LRB- just turned 2 -RRB- . I buy this economy pack through amazon.com because I save lots of time and money .
 Great product !! We 've used Pampers for 18 months and love them . Tried the others but they just did n't stack up.And who can beat a deal where they 're delivered right to your door for less than trudging to the local Super Store ? Sure its only a couple bucks less to get them this way but I do n't have to deal with the store either !! Thanks Amazon !!
 We did n't have to experiment too much with diapers . Huggies were given to us at the hospital . And we kept using it for a few days , but found that there were plenty of spills . Our boy above average height and weight . So we changed to Pampers and stuck to it .
 We have been using the Pampers Cruisers diapers for a while now and have liked them a lot . My son does n't get any leaks and the fit is really good . I have only used one other brand , Huggies and another Pampers type -LRB- do n't remember name -RRB- and the Pampers Cruisers are definitely better .
 I think that these diapers are the best . They are so soft and stretchy . They seem to be the most comfortable diapers that we have tried .
 I used to buy Pampers Diaper in bulk at Costco until they stopped selling Pampers . I was amazed to discover amazon.com sells the same product for the same price and shipping is free ! It saves me the drive to Costco -LRB- 10 miles for diapers -RRB- and the diapers are delivered right to my door ! I will keep buying this item from amazon as long as the deal is great !
 We have twins and this is the only diaper we could work with . Easy to use , reclosable straps , and keeps you out of extreme messy situations .
 This is my first time using Cruiser . It 's great , better than Huggies that I have been using . I previously used Pampers Baby Dry series but did n't have too good of experience . Cruiser , also by Pampers is so much better
 I love pamper cruiser . I got my order shipped fast . Very good !
 this product is much better than other products . i do not have any problem with leaking . my babies -LRB- 2years and 10 months -RRB- can move well and sleep well .
 The Pamper Cruisers are the best ones we have used . They do not leak and hold alot . These were delivered on-time and we are very pleased .
 I use Pampers Cruisers and Luvs diapers in size 3 for my son . The Cruisers work great for overnight , my son never had a leak or diaper rash . I 've tried every diaper out there . Luvs works well , and they are less expensive so I use them during the day , and Cruisers for nighttime . I 've never tried Luvs for nightime , but I do n't want to chance it when I know Cruisers holds up so well during the night .
 I ordered three packages of diapers . I got this one a week after I ordered it . I did not get size N 50 days after ordering . I wonder what is shipping mechanism for AMAZON .
 This is very good diaper especially for summer . It is thin without leak problem . The shipment also came quickly . The only thing I wish is it would not have the fragrance .
 The Cruisers in these economy pack are similar to store bought Cruisers except there does n't seem to be any scent . Price per diaper is slightly cheaper than your local discounters and is even a better deal when Amazon has its Pampers deal . Super Saver Shipping to West Coast from PA took 8 days from order to delivery but was free .
 We 've tried Pampers , Huggies , and Target brand for our 11 month old . The Target brand feel cheaper and just do n't hold as much , so we end up using more diapers . They also wo n't make it through the night . Huggies are fine if you get a good one . However , the quality control is very low , so about half of the diapers have a problem with the `` elastic '' bands around the legs . They are folded over each other and so wo n't stop messes . Overall , Pampers are the best . The only issue is that the Cruisers have a purple stripe down each leg . I wish Pampers would make them all white . Oh well .
 Dear Amazon , I had intentions of becoming a loyal customer of Amazon with regular deliveries of Pampers Diapers however , after doing some additional shopping , I learned that your price -LRB- even with free shipping -RRB- was still more expensive and I cancelled my standing order . I am , and will continue to be a loyal customer of Pampers Diapers but I will be purchasing these diapers from a different venue . Please notify me if your prices go down in the future and I will consider placing another standing order with Amazon at that time . Thank you for the opportunity to explain why I discontinued my standing order with you for the Pamplers Diapers.Sincerely , Michelle
 came in a timely manner and was in great condition . package was left on doorstep of building in a neighborhood that 's not great , but that 's a complaint for UPS .
 Thank you so much for having such a big case of these . The stores up here do n't carry the Economy size . It makes it alot easier for me to order it on line . I did n't have to go out and spend $ 3.06 a gallion of gas to get it . I chose the free shipping and I received it within a couple of days . THANK YOU .
 These are the only diapers that work for my girls , they are both very thin and these keep them dry . I have tried the others , but only when these are unavailable .
 Our baby girl has worn pampers swaddlers since day one and we loved them . We have just had to switch her to the cruisers size 3 at 7.5 months old . I was reluctant to switch b/c we love the swaddlers so much . I actually probably waited a little too long . But I did want to finish using all the size 2 swaddlers we had . A few weeks ago we started to have night time leakage issues with our trusted old swaddlers . So I got a pack of cruisers size 3 and presto no more leaky night time diapers . I now know the swaddlers were just getting too small and could no longer do the job . I finished off the swaddlers during the day and a cruiser at night . I have actually been amazed at the volume the cruiser can hold at night . Her morning diaper -LRB- she sleeps about 12 hours -RRB- is such a fatty ! but no leaks ! We are big fans of the cruisers .
 When we had our first baby everyone we knew told us we had to get Pampers Swaddlers and nothing else . Even though they were one of the most expensive diapers we gave in . While absolutely loving Swaddlers we tried a couple of others - Target brand , Huggies and LUVs - all were hard and leaky . When the time came to upgrade to size 3 -LRB- Swaddlers only go up to size 2 -RRB- I went into detailed research . We bought a bag of Huggies and Pampers Cruisers and went through a week of thorough testing -LRB- lots of opportunities for leaks -RRB- . While neither leaked , Huggies were very rough on our son and the snappers/velcro things gave him an instant rash . The ruffles around the legs to keep the leaks were also very loose and I was very surprised nothing actually leaked out . We then switched to Cruisers for a week and while they are not as soft and great-fitting as Swaddlers , they are BY FAR better than Huggies . Maybe we were spoiled from the beginning with the softness of Swaddlers , but we are now never going back , even though the Subscrive & Save deal is now over on Pampers . Though , oddly enough we just bought the same pack of 160 Cruisers at BRUs for $ 30.95 - I thought Amazon would be cheaper .
 We 've used Pampers Cruisers -LRB- and Swaddlers before that -RRB- for years now with no complaints . When we used other brands , diaper rashes seemed to be regular occurrences and those other brands often had an unpleasant odor to them , right out of the package . Not so with Pampers Cruisers.The only time we 've ever had a leak is when I 've delayed buying the next size up , when it 's really past time to do so . I 've found it also helps to give the diaper a little `` hoist '' up at the back waist area , after the child is standing up with a fresh diaper , before she 's on the go again . It seems to help with a better fit and no leaks .
 These are hte best diapers . We went from swaddlers to cruisers . We tried the huggies but the mest and stretch of the pampers is just so much better . I really believe he is comfortable !!! Love pampers cruisers and swaddlers.Pampers Cruisers , Size 3 , Economy Plus Pack , 160 CruisersPampers Swaddlers , Size 2 , Economy Plus Pack , 184 SwaddlersPampers Swaddlers , Size 1 , Economy Plus Pack , 216 Swaddlers
 Great product ! I have been only used this Pampers Cruisers for my two boys . This does n't leak at all ...
 This is one of the few diapers that has never leaked ! Love that aspect ...
 Excellent product . We like the cruisers for our very active 2-year old , as they move with him and do n't leak , even when they are VERY full !
 I was really happy with Pampers Cruisers . I did recently change over to the Pampers DRY , they are a litle cheaper and you still get the same great product .
 The diapers were a good price and it was convenient to have them delivered right to my house .
 As the mother of a toddler , diapers are on the list of things to buy every time we go to the store , so having them delivered is a great convenience , and the price ca n't be beat ! Great value and hassle free delivery - what could be better -LRB- potty-trained , I suppose !! :-RRB- -RRB-
 And I love getting my son to point out all the Sesame street characters on itSince he hates diaper changes - I quickly distract him by handing him the diaper and asking him where is Big Bird -LRB- or whaterver is on the diaper -RRB- The only other brand that can compare to Cruisers is Huggies Supreme -LRB- NOT baby dry -RRB-
 After trying several cheaper brands , we are back with Pampers Cruisers for good . Even my cheapskate husband agrees -- these diapers are worth the extra $ $ .
 I have been using Pampers for my baby boy since he was 6 months old and now he is 14 months and still almost no leakages except on some rare occasions . Definitely better than huggies -LRB- even the night ones -RRB- which I used previously but there were too many leakages , so we switched to pampers . Also it is very nice to collect points and receive gifts .
 With twins we go through many daipers daily , weekly , monthly . Pampers products are superior . We find them to be the best in fit , as well . We get other brands as gifts and use them during the twins hours of activity . But bedtime and naptime we like the peace of mind of Pampers holding power .
 I bought boxes twice already . It is dry and flexible , but it is expensive than generic brand . Man , each time I change a diaper , I loss a quarter .
 I have been using diapers for my kids for 4 years now , so I have tried them all over the years searching for a cheaper alternative . Pampers are by far the best and are worth the extra money because you wo n't have to use as many . They do not get hard or lumpy when full -LRB- Huggies -RRB- , they do not break up when full and fall to the center -LRB- Costco brand -RRB- , and they do n't leak -LRB- most other brands -RRB- . My second choice is Target Brand diapers , I use those when I ca n't find Pampers . I am now getting Pampers a little cheaper by doing the subscribe and save program - Amazon delivers a huge box right to your door every month ... how great is THAT !!!?
 Love the Pampers Cruisers and the price here is way better than in the stores and even better than some of the cheaper brands in the stores if you price it out . Shipping was free and I got them in 3 days . I will definitely order again !
 A pretty good deal for Pamper diapers . It was nice to have the diapers just show up on our doorstep . Amazon 's price for 124 count diapers is $ 29.99 but since there is no tax and free shipping , Amazon 's pirce is very competitve to Costco 's price -LRB- Costco sells the Pampers Cruiser size 4 diapers 142 count for around $ 30.00 -RRB- . Also , Costco does n't always have them in stock . One thing I noticed about the diapers I received from Amazon is that they were the `` old '' style Cruisers without the `` slim fit '' so they were a little bulky on my daughter .
 When my local Costco decided to stop carrying Pampers I thought the world would end . These are by far the best diapers and they had the best price - however in my mad dash to find somewhere else to buy them at a great price - I came across them at Amazon.com ! What a life saver - and with the free shipping I could n't beat that . The only draw back is that it took 2 weeks to receive them .
 When my daughter was a baby , we would try the samples that came in the mail - and nothing worked like Pampers . They moved with her and held everything in!She is 2 now , and Costco recently stopped carrying Pampers to bring back their brand , Kirkland . I have never had so many leaks with this one box of diapers . It has been awful the past 2 weeks as we finish them off . I have probably wasted more money on washing clothes due to diaper leaks than on what I saved buying the Kirkland brand . I would say she averages 3-4 leaks a week , when I had 1-2 leaks over 2 years with Pampers -LRB- and these were from needing to move up to the next bigger size -RRB- . I also do n't like the gel globs that are sometimes left behind either.I love my Pampers and am happy to say there are only 3 dipes left to use before I can switch back . They are well worth the money !
 My wife and I have tried just about every diaper on the market for our son and we keep coming back to Papers Cruisers . We find that they stretch the most , have the best clothlike cover , absorb evenly and hold lots , do n't leak , do n't blow out and do n't pop open . These are all problems that we had with other brands . Since we 've come back to Cruisers we 've stopped shopping around for something new , as far as we 're concerned there are n't any better diapers on the market !
 I love these diapers . They stay on my little one the best and they seem to hold the most . Only problem is Amazon has increased the price by $ 3.00 . Just last month they were $ 7.49 a pack and now $ 10.49 . Woa , that is a bit steep , I think I would rather change more often or shop at Walmart .
 I give this diapers 5 stars ! They fit my son very well , with no leaks -LRB- as oppose to BabyDry -RRB- But Amazon should get their prices straight . You can get 148 count box at well known baby 's store for the same money .
 I ordered size 4 cruisers over a month ago to have them in wait for when my daughter grew into them . She is ready for them now and so I log onto amazon to buy more , only to find that you are out of stock . The same thing happened with the infant formula that I was buying . How can this be the case ? Is n't amazon big enough to keep restocked by manufacturers ? I really like the convenience of ordering on-line but am getting increasingly frustrated with out of stock options . When will this situation be rectified ??
 After toying with a few online and few in store options we figured that the Amazon deal works the best . Easy to order , and nothing to keep track of . Just order a few days before you think you will run out of diapers and that 's it . As for the product itself , we had settled on Pampers after some initial trials . All we were looking for is price and shopping convenience . Getting this large box home delivered at no extra cost is what makes this deal good .
 I have tried several brands and have never once had a leak with these Pampers . I would never switch brands .
 These are the best diapers we have found since our daughter outgrew swaddlers . They rarely leak . Plus , having them delivered to our front door is a huge time saver .
 First of all , these diapers are just so darn cute . I hear about diapers leaking , but except for an occasional blowout , I really do n't get leaks . Unlike Huggies , Pampers come up high in the back for more protection .
 It is so wonderful to be able to gift our grandson with diapers - he 's 14 months old - we live on the East Coast - they live on the West Coast - our son is serving in the US Navy - just being able to send a few cases of diapers every couple of months makes us feel like we 're helping out !!! And nothing is better than Pampers !!! Amazon does a great job on delivering a great product !!!!
 Great price on diapers and delivered so incredibly fast ! I 've ordered our diapers twice from Amazon and both times , I received them the next day ! Top that off with free delivery , and you just ca n't beat it !
 In my opinion these are the best diapers out there . They are a bit overpriced , but the material is soft and breathable , and I think the shape is more comfortable for our baby .
 These are GREAT DIAPERS and I love having them shipped automatically through Amazon.com - it 's so easy and they always shop up exactly when I need them !
 Probably the best disposable diaper , Amazon is reliable and always ship it out on time . The price is pretty good , but Baby R Us has lower the price to $ 30 recently .
 This is the best deal you can find for this many diapers and this price . If you get the automatic subscription for it , then they cut you a deal on the price and free shipping . You should do it . You can space out the diapers to however often you want them to come . I love it . If you want to save money and are n't ready to do cloth diapers then you can start saving money by buying these from Amazon .
 Amazon provided the cheapest solution for buying -LRB- Pampers Cruisers size 4 -RRB- in bulk . What can I say , Pampers work . We 've tried other brands -LRB- Walmart , KMart , Huggies , Luvs , etc -RRB- but we keep coming back to pampers for fit and leak protection .
 Treat you and your baby -- they are the finest . If your baby is border line - in terms of size choose the larger size .
 Ordering online is a great thing for me as I have a very busy schedule . Diapers are an essential and so ordering them online makes sense for me -LRB- free shipping so it is actually a little less than picking them up at the store ! -RRB- Pampers Cruisers are the best diaper by far in terms of leaks , softness , fit , etc. . My son is a toddling 1 yr old and they are great diapers for him . The next best alternative are pampers baby dry with catapillar flex . But , cruisers are softer and a little bit better fit . -LRB- Huggies , Kirkland , and LUVS just do not compare ! -RRB- Anyway - if you are looking for a great diaper -- you have found it with these . The free delivery and bulk package is great !
 Other less expensive brands used to work fine for my son . Now I find that that Pampers is the only brand that really fits his behind . We 've had no leaks or blowouts when he wears them , even overnight .
 I usally buy Luv 's diapers and have for all my children , I learned with the first that cheap diapers are just that . But with every child I have learned each diaper fits each kid differently - well , with my youngest the Luvs diaper would fold at her waste and eventually allow the diaper to open leaving only the band attached , Huggies did not have enough Velcro - so I tried Pampers cruisers , they are soft , flexible and hold very securely , ans of course the Sesame Street is just a bonus -LRB- LOL -RRB- . I do n't like the price , but through Amazon I am able to buy from home , get the best price I have foudn them to be , and I do n't have to use any gas cause they are delivered right to my door - so I save all around . Really - try all the diapers and find and use what works for you , but if you experience the same probs I had ... these are the ones .
 These are the only diapers suited in fit for my granddaughter . Do n't leak ... hold more moisture that I would have ever thought possible overnight ... . no need to change in the middle of the night or waking up to a wet mess ... . wish they were available for my children ... . Also love the fact that auto ship is available ... . no running for diapers ... . yeah !
 These are the best diapers . Fit well and no problems with leaks , even overnight . I also LOVE the amazon subscription service . They are delivered right to my door and cheaper than I can buy them in stores , even Sam 's !
 I love these diapers and I have been ordering them from Amazon at the lowest price for over 2 years . I checked a lot of other sites and this is the most for the money . Not even Walmart can beat it .
 I have been using Pampers since the day my son came home from the hospital . We started out with the Swaddlers and have moved up to the size 6 Cruisers . Pampers may be a little more pricey but they are worth it . I would recommend these diapers to any parent !!
 This is a neccessity when it comes to my almost 17 month old son . I just found it very convenient to purchase Pampers from Amazon as it comes to my doorstep after a couple of days of ordering them .
 These are great diapers . I tried several other brands , but this worked best for my daughter . She 's very comfortable wearing these . I 'll definitely stick with Pampers until she 's potty trained !
 Price and delivery are wonderful - I 've never used anything but pampers for my child - highly recommended !
 real good . and they 're comfortable and easy to use . what else can you say about diapers ? no pee drips down his leg ! actually ... it 's amazing how easy these are to use and how well they work . when you think about what our mothers had to work with ... these are astonishing . he 's happy . we 're happy .
 These diapers fit my son well and he rarely leaks or blows out of them .
 With a super free shipping , I got it within three days after I ordered online . Compare to buy it with a sales tax at a local store , the price at amazon is about $ 1 cheaper . Besides , it 's delivered to your door . This is very convenient !
 Pampers diapers are very good . Both my son and daughter use this product and we love them . Good absorbance . We never had diaper rash problem . The diapers are high in the waist line and therefore do n't cause leakings especially for boys . And cruisers are good for active toddlers . I always buy from Amazon no matter it 's a couple of dollars more or less than in the store -- it 's delivered fast to your door -LRB- I sometimes order when I only have one day 's supply left and the next day I got it -RRB- . I give it 5 stars for both the product and the experience of shopping with amazon.com .
 I have five kids , and have been changing diapers for 11 years , five months , and 1 day . Not that I 'm counting . I 've found that these diapers -LRB- and their previous incarnation
 They 're diapers . They 've always worked like a dream . Very rarely have I ever had an issue with blowouts . But then , there 's only so much solid waste a diaper can hold . If your munchkin produces more than that ... blowout . I 've never had urine leak from these . I tried getting the cheaper `` big-box '' diapers but a percentage of those were unusable due to manufacturing defects . These are more expensive , but every one is usable . They are the perfect diaper for my little sprog .
 I have been pleased with this bottle insulator . I purchased it because I recently switched to glass baby bottles , since they are healthier than plastic . But when a bottle fell out of my diaper bag at a play it shattered all over the steps . I wanted something that would help prevent breakage , hold all the pieces together if my bottle did break , and make the bottle not so cold for my little one to hold . This insulator fits the bill . It is good quality , we have n't had any more broken bottles , and my little one likes the bear that velcroes to the insulator . I have been pleased with it .
 I am very happy with this purchase , the construction of this sheet is wonderful , it fits perfect , the side gusset is at least 9 '' deep and the elastic is all around . Color stay well after numerous washings . Best crib sheet I purchased so far for my baby girl .
 Delivered on time and in good condition . The color is as it appeared on the website . I 've washed it several times and still looks like new .
 I am a Family Childcare Provider in Massassachusetts . I have 3 children sleeping in cribs and have purchased many crib sheets . Some do n't fit the crib mattress correctly and the kids are able to pull them off in no time -LRB- 2 year old -RRB- ... These sheets have nice wide pockets for covering the mattress completely . Easy to change and vibrant colors to boot ... A very good purchase ...
 This is a good sheet . I bought one for each of my two triplet boys.Pro
 Ive been looking for fun and vibrant sheets for my sons crib and im glad to find these . I was worried if they would be an odd size or something and maybe not fit and be too small but they fit great . I have the davinci kalani crib from target and its a larger sized crib so these sheets will fit any crib you should have . The fabric is soft and well made . I love this zig zag pattern it looks so cool and modern !
 The material and color has held up over a year of use with multiple washes . The color is exactly as shown . Great product , highly recomend .
 This is a good value for the money . It has larger elastic corner pockets/edges so it will not slip off the mattress easily . I only wish it were a little softer . But , it 's a good purchase .
 Love the modern sheets for my girls room !! They are n't so soft and have n't washed them yet but I still like them !
 I bought this as an emergency sheet for when my son had an accident . It fits great and I love the color .
 I give 5 stars to all Avent Products . I have had no problems , whatsoever , with Avent .
 I am a Family Childcare Provider in Massassachusetts . I have 3 children sleeping in cribs and have purchased many crib sheets . Some do n't fit the crib mattress correctly and the kids are able to pull them off in no time -LRB- 2 year old -RRB- ... These sheets have nice wide pockets for covering the mattress completely . Easy to change and vibrant colors to boot ... A very good purchase ...
 This is a good sheet . I bought one for each of my two triplet boys.Pro
 Ive been looking for fun and vibrant sheets for my sons crib and im glad to find these . I was worried if they would be an odd size or something and maybe not fit and be too small but they fit great . I have the davinci kalani crib from target and its a larger sized crib so these sheets will fit any crib you should have . The fabric is soft and well made . I love this zig zag pattern it looks so cool and modern !
 The material and color has held up over a year of use with multiple washes . The color is exactly as shown . Great product , highly recomend .
 This is a good value for the money . It has larger elastic corner pockets/edges so it will not slip off the mattress easily . I only wish it were a little softer . But , it 's a good purchase .
 Love the modern sheets for my girls room !! They are n't so soft and have n't washed them yet but I still like them !
 I bought this as an emergency sheet for when my son had an accident . It fits great and I love the color .
 I am very happy with this purchase , the construction of this sheet is wonderful , it fits perfect , the side gusset is at least 9 '' deep and the elastic is all around . Color stay well after numerous washings . Best crib sheet I purchased so far for my baby girl .
 Delivered on time and in good condition . The color is as it appeared on the website . I 've washed it several times and still looks like new .
 I am very happy with this purchase , the construction of this sheet is wonderful , it fits perfect , the side gusset is at least 9 '' deep and the elastic is all around . Color stay well after numerous washings . Best crib sheet I purchased so far for my baby girl .
 Delivered on time and in good condition . The color is as it appeared on the website . I 've washed it several times and still looks like new .
 I am a Family Childcare Provider in Massassachusetts . I have 3 children sleeping in cribs and have purchased many crib sheets . Some do n't fit the crib mattress correctly and the kids are able to pull them off in no time -LRB- 2 year old -RRB- ... These sheets have nice wide pockets for covering the mattress completely . Easy to change and vibrant colors to boot ... A very good purchase ...
 This is a good sheet . I bought one for each of my two triplet boys.Pro
 Ive been looking for fun and vibrant sheets for my sons crib and im glad to find these . I was worried if they would be an odd size or something and maybe not fit and be too small but they fit great . I have the davinci kalani crib from target and its a larger sized crib so these sheets will fit any crib you should have . The fabric is soft and well made . I love this zig zag pattern it looks so cool and modern !
 The material and color has held up over a year of use with multiple washes . The color is exactly as shown . Great product , highly recomend .
 This is a good value for the money . It has larger elastic corner pockets/edges so it will not slip off the mattress easily . I only wish it were a little softer . But , it 's a good purchase .
 Love the modern sheets for my girls room !! They are n't so soft and have n't washed them yet but I still like them !
 I bought this as an emergency sheet for when my son had an accident . It fits great and I love the color .
 I decided to spend a little more than I wanted on this booster for my 3-year-old son . It fits perfectly on my dining room chairs and it does n't slip unless you really are trying to move it . My son likes to use it , which is a wonder if you knew my son . I actually wish I would remember to bring this booster with me to restaurants because it 's a lot wider than those little booster seats they have in those restaurants so it looks like it 's more comfortable for him and a little safer because it wo n't tip over as easily as the ones they usually have in restaurants .
 my grandaughter sits well in chair seat . Sits still longer than in high chair . soft and wipes clean easily
 Both of my boys -LRB- 3 and 19 months -RRB- love their Cooshie boosters . They seem to be really comfortable and stay put in our dinning room chairs . I love them because they are easy to clean and keep looking like new !
 I got rid of the toddler booster my daughter was using when she turned 3 . But she would still sit on her knees at the table which was n't comfortable either . This seat is perfect because it just gives a little added ` boost ' to make it comfortable to sit at the big table without having to use the baby seat . Easy to clean and portable . We love it .
 We purchased this booster chair for our 2 year old son . We had previously owned a booster chair w / so many straps on it , it was hard to figure out what went where ! Plus , he no longer needed to be strapped in . This was the perfect buy . We 've taken it along on vacation and visiting relatives . It stays firmly in place and does n't mark up a wooden chair . It cleans up very easily . My son jumps on it , stands on it , crawls up and down on it , and it never budges . I would highly recommend it .
 We could n't have been happier with this product . - Perfect for my 3 yr . old daughter transitioning out of her crib . - Arrived in perfect shape - Arrived in 2 days with Prime shipping - Only 4 main pieces plus the slats , so easy to put together . -LRB- 20 -25 min at most , including clean up -RRB- - Great price for a great product
 We purchased this bed 2 months ago for our 18-month-old . He likes it ! The natural color matches the rest of the furniture in his room , the bed is sturdy and of a very good quality .
 This toddler bed was easy to assemble and works very well in my daughter 's room . She tends to be a little scared of trying new things , but at bed time the first night she climbed right into bed and has loved her new big girl bed . When the package first came , I was slightly confused at first because the box indicated the brand as `` Million Dollar Baby '' and not as `` DaVinci '' . A little investigation on the Internet revealed that `` Million Dollar Baby '' is in fact the manufacturer of `` DaVinci '' toddler beds and cribs . Online retailers seem to market the products under the brand `` DaVinci '' -LRB- not sure why -RRB- . Anyway , if you order this toddler bed and the box along with installation instructions says `` Million Dollar Baby '' and not DaVinci , you did get the right thing . Otherwise , it is exactly as described .
 We moved and wanted to start fresh for my 2 yr olds new bedroom . Prettiest bed and well made for it 's price ! Cheaper on Amazon than most kids furniture outlets such as babies r us and others . Delivered fast and easy to assemble . My wife did n't need any of my help :P And my daughter loves it . Easy transition from crib to this sleigh bed . No worries of her falling with the protected sides and it sits low to the floor . Sturdy enough for me to fall asleep beside her -LRB- with my upper body only of course . -RRB- No sign of weakness , creaking or , shakiness . Great Buy !
 I am very happy with this bed . I bought them for my twins , and they like them as well . They are cute and the description given by the manufacturer is very accurate . I would buy these beds again .
 I bought this bed for my grandson because we were having a tough time finding honey oak finish ... it is well made and perfect for his toddler bedding . It matches the rest of the furniture purchased from JC Penney quite nicely ! AND ... most important , my grandson loves his big boy bed !
 I purchased this bed to use when my granddaughter visits . She loves the bed and so do I . It is good quality material and it is very pretty . I highly recommend this product , it was excellent quality for the price .
 We ordered this bed for my 3-year old son . It is a perfect size for him as he can climb in and out of it with ease -LRB- so can his 18-month old brother ! -RRB- . The bed was simple enough to put together , and its quality meets or exceeds my expectation for the price . It looks very nice in my son 's room and will most likely be passed on to his younger brother in a year or so . Would recommend to anyone who needs a toddler bed .
 I looked everywhere online and in stores . When I found this bed I loved it and ordered it immediately . My husband had no trouble putting it together . It 's beautiful and my daughter loves it .
 Good quality . I was impressed by the very fast shipping . If i have another order from this company i would NOT hesitate .
 Bed was relatively easy to put together and seems solidly built . Of course only time willtell if it will withstand the beating it will take . On initial appearances it appears a goodbargain for the money .
 My son loves his new bed . I was thinking I was going to have to buy additional side rails , but since he transitioned he sleeps in one position . I would recommend it !
 I put this bed together in a little over an hour by myself . I think that 's pretty good considering I had a 15 month old constantly interrupting . I think if 2 people did it , it could be assembled in about 30-45 minutes . I received my order exactly 4 days later ; sooner than I expected . My 32 month old loves her new bed . Her 15 month old sister loves it too . It is a good value for the price . Sturdy and asthetically pleasing . The color is slightly darker than I expected for a cherry-colored bed , but it is still a nice color nonetheless . I do n't believe it is any less sturdy or more fragile than standard cribs out there . I 'm very happy with my purchase and would recommend it to anyone looking to buy a toddler bed .
 When this bed arrived , I was a little concerned since the box had a huge gash in it , but everything was in perfect shape . Putting this together ranked in difficulty between 0 and IKEA . Once we put it together our toddler was super excited but , has yet to sleep in it . It seems to be pretty sturdy , it held me and my toddler on it together -LRB- yes I know it has a weight limit but try telling that to a toddler who wants you to share her pillow as she demands `` NAP '' . LOL It matches our DaVinci crib which was a concern when we originally ordered it , since they are both different colors but the Espresso crib and the Cherry bed actually match pretty darn close .
 Bought this for my 21/2 year old for Christmas . She loves her new ` big girl bed ` The style is nice , and the color is rich . Its got the two rails , I laid a couple blankets over them the first night to create a little padding in case she turned over and rolled into one - make it a little softer for her.Its a gorgeous little bed for the price . My husband was a little disappointed when I told him we can not sit on it with her -LRB- it only holds up to 70lbs or something -RRB- but I imagine that 's the case with all these little toddler beds.Overall ... A +
 My son LOVES this bed . I am very happy with it . He plays on it all the time as well as sleeps and it is just as sturdy as the day I bought it . I love that it looks more like a big persons bed . I am very happy I bought this toddler bed .
 I am very very happy with my purchase.The packaging could be more protective . One of the boxes was significantly damaged , but the bed was unscathed . Thank goodness!The beds were not missing any parts . Putting them together was easy for my friend who had the help of his toddler daughter and my two toddler grandkids ! Regardless of his assistants , he managed to get them together in under two hours . LOLSince then the beds have proved how sturdy and well constructed they are , considering my grandson keeps attempting to move them into the living room . They have been dragged across the room and out into the hallway as fast as I put them back . Both kids have played on them , including jumping up and down ! No damage at all . So I am happy and relieved to have purchased something that just may survive until they are five years old .
 In preparation for our new baby , we needed a great transition bed for our son that just turned 3 yrs old . We had no problems with the delivery of the product ; however the espresso color was a little bit lighter than we expected . Assembly was pretty simple -LRB- per my husband -RRB- . We did find the support boards to not be as secure as we would like . They actually bowed when we pressed down on them . For reinforcement , we attached a couple of 2x4 boards under the frame . Needless to say now it is very sturdy . Overall , this was a great choice and good quality product . Our son loves his `` big boy bed '' .
 This bed is perfectly fine . It is asy to assemble and very solid . You ca n't go wrong especially for the price .
 I ordered this toddler bed for my 21 month old son . He refused to sleep in his crib so I thought a brand new bed would get him out of my bed . When I recieved this bed I was a little skeptical because an unmarked truck dropped it off and there were quite a few holes in the box but upon opening it I was happy to see there were no scratches on the bed and everything was there . Me and my husband put the whole thing together in about an hour the only reason it took that long was because we had trouble getting the top screws on the headborad to stay in finally we used a screw driver and got it done . Its a beautiful bed , very sturdy ! I put my son 's Elmo sheets and comforter on it and he loved it , he refused to get out of the bed for at least 45 mins but when it came to actually sleeping in it that was a different story . He still refuses to sleep in it but I am praying that with time that will change .
 This bed could n't be any cuter . I ordered two of them for my twin girls and they both love their new beds . Now , when I say it 's bedtime they follow me happily to their rooms . The first week , they actually said &#34; Good night mom ... Shut the door . &#34; Which I guess was their cue for me to leave . My one twin who I used to have a lot of trouble with at night , now sleeps much better . Even when she does wake up , she is easily calmed and goes back to sleep quickly . She seems to be more content in this bed over the crib . The quality and style of this bed is great for the price . I would definitely recommend . Also , I put both beds together by myself without hubby 's help .
 Great bed , but it creeks after a while . Could be a little bit sturdier but it will do the job until we get our son into a double bed .
 I bought this for my grandson to keep at my house . He is 13 months old and LOVES his bed . He gest a book and just goes sit in his bed looking at his book . It is so cute to see him come walking down the hall after he wakes us from his nap . I am very pleased with the bed .
 We got this as a beginner bed for our two year old , and she loves it . She is able to get in and out freely -LRB- Which is a blessing and a curse heh -RRB- , and we feel she is safe enough thanks to the guard rails by the head board . Assembly was pretty straightforward and the delivery was no problem . I 'd definitely recommend picking this up if you are looking for a toddler bed .
 I love this bed and so does my daughter . It 's sturdy and looks great . The only reason I did n't give it five stars is because the color is n't really espresso , it 's more of a dark cherry . I also wish the side rails went down the bed just a little bit more . My daughter wiggles a lot when she 's asleep and has fallen out of the bed , but only twice . All in all this is a wonderful starter bed .
 This bed arrived quickly and was easy to put together . It looks great and my daughter loves it . I would definitely recommend it .
 Would purchase again . This was for my tho year old son who is now four . We will transition him to a full bed , and give his two year old brother this bed that has held up well .
 Finally put this bed together for my 27 month old and I really like it . It took less than 20 minutes to put together by myself and looks great . It 's sturdy -LRB- for his weight -RRB- and my son was thrilled to get a big boy bed . Of course the Cars sheet set I got for the bed probably was the main attraction for him but still it is a great bed at a decent price .
 After making the decision to move to a toddler bed we purchased this one . Telling my son that he can get out all by himself was a big selling point in making the switch . It was easy to assemble and very sturdy -LRB- I even lay on it with him to read books -RRB- . Its low to the ground , so i 'm not worried if he falls out -LRB- has n't happened and we 've had it for a week -RRB- . My son loves it . I prefer wood to the plastic beds that are out there . It looks nice and seems to be the right transition before a twin . I would go with this bed !
 My daughter loves this bed , her &#34; big girl &#34; bed . This was not difficult to put together , looks nice and is quite sturdy .
 This was a little challenging to assemble . The slats did n't want to stay put . But once assembled it 's been great . Very sturdy and looks great too . Fits our standard crib mattress well .
 Finish on the bed is nice . We purchased 2 of these for our children and they love them . Standard toddler mattress works great and i 've put them together once and never had to re-tighten any bolts and they still look brand new even with daily use . Great product
 This is a very nice and sturdy little bed it was worth every penny . Easy to install it only took 20 mins .
 MY 2 YEAR OLD SON LOVES THIS BED AND SO DO I !!! GOOD QUALITY AND PRETTY EASY TO ASSEMBLE . I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE .
 This is a great bed for a toddler . It 's easy to assemble , it 's light , solid , and it looks great ! We 've had a DaVinci crib before this bed , and that was also a very good purchase . Recommended
 Unfortunately I 'm the kind of person that thinks the more something costs , the better it is . This is not always the case - especially with this bed . It turned out to be really nice ! It 's easy to put together , came quickly , is really solid , was an amazing price , and looks great . The bed feels very solid , heavy , and nicely constructed . My two year old son really likes is and it made his move to a new bed quite easy . He has n't rolled out of the bed and we 've had no issues whatsoever with it . We 're very very happy with our purchase .
 My daughter loves her bed , it 's great for the price . The weight maximum is 50lbs which we did n't know until it arrived please be aware . The construction is great and looks great too . Like most toddler beds you ca n't fit a bed skirt on it , we did n't want one but just letting you know . Easy enough to put together only had some difficulty with 2 bolts which go underneath but with my husband we were able to get it done within 30 minutes .
 This bed has been great ! We 've had it for 7 months now and no problems . It 's stylish and functional and reasonable .
 We got this bed for our toddler , and she loves it . It was not difficult to assemble , and it looks beautiful .
 There are plenty of reviews on this bed so I 'll be brief ... Installation
 I just put this together a few days ago for my 2 year old . It seems very sturdy , was n't damaged when I received it and seems to be of good quality . It was a little difficult to put together but I was able to do it by myself and I am 8 months pregnant , would have been easy with a second person . Crib mattress fits perfectly .
 We are pleased . It 's sturdier than we expected for the price and was not too challenging to put together , although the instructions seemed a little off for what was required . Our child loves the bed . Wish the safety gate was a little longer , somehow our child manages to roll out quite a bit , but that could just be needing to get used to not being in a crib . Wish an adult could sit on the bed , but it would n't hold that much weight , so we sit on the floor to tuck in and say good-night . Overall , would recommend , seems a good product at a fair price .
 Our two-year-old daughter loves her new little bed . The bed seems sturdy and the Cherry color is an attractive finish . I would be hesitant to have any child over 50 pounds lay on it , but it is not meant for that . Assembly was a little tricky because all of the slats have to line up just right before tightening .
 I found this bed to be well made and matched the honey oak stained furniture I already had in my daughter 's room . I was able to put the bed together in about 30 minutes without too much problem . My only concern is the slats the mattress sits on seem slightly flimsy , but to have new ones made in the event these break should be fairly easy . There is enough room under the bed for storage . For the price , you ca n't go wrong with this bed .
 We bought this bed for my 25 month old son as he was climbing out of the crib every night . It was easy to put together . My son absolutely loves it . It is great quality and a great price . We could n't be happier with this bed . it is definitely a great option for toddlers who are too active for their crib yet too small for a regular bed !
 Sleigh Toddler Bed - OakMy husband and I recently purchased this bed in oak for our 26 month old daughter . It was time for her to have a `` Big Girl Bed '' that was n't quite full-sized , but still gave her the ability to get in and out on her own.We 're thrilled with the quality of the bed . My husband was able to put it together in a reasonably short period of time -LRB- about an hour from unpacking to clean-up -RRB- -- and came with all the tools necessary to put it together . Aligning all the slats can be a bit of a pain because you have to put all 10 together on one side , and then attempt to put the other side on without them falling out or slipping out of place ; other than that it went together fine and all the pieces fit together without any problem.It fits a standard sized crib mattress -LRB- not included -RRB- , and the bottom slats provide enough stability for the mattress so that even my eight year old has been able to throw her weight on it -LRB- although I did tell her not to do it again -RRB- . So regular wear and tear from your toddler getting in and out should n't be an issue.I like that it is light enough so I can easily move it around , but it is sturdy and heavy enough that it does n't budge when she gets in and out . There is also enough room between the mattress and floor that you can easily swoop your arm around to remove lost toys that inevitably make their home under there.I was worried about the sharp corner on the guard-rail , with good reason . My daughter has bumped her head on it a few times -LRB- I have no clue how -RRB- , so we drape a large sherpa blanket over it and the mattress to add some padding -- plus it gives a little extra protection for the sheet should she wet through her diaper . That seemed to do the trick . Other than that , there do n't seem to be any other downsides to the bed.And the best part is our daughter fell in love with it , and enjoys going to bed in it -LRB- well , she is n't exactly running to go to bed ; but she was n't afraid of it at all , and actually enjoys taking ownership of it -RRB- . I definately recommend this as a transitional bed for your toddler who is n't ready for a full-height bed . The quality is great and the price is reasonable .
 When my first son was ready to move to a toddler bed , I purchased one from another company . After trying three times to get a bed that had not been destroyed during shipping due to poor packaging , I ordered this DaVinci toddler bed , which arrived well-packed and in excellent condition . I was so pleased with the sturdiness and quality of this bed right from the start , and I was able to put it together by myself in under 30 minutes -LRB- even with my 2-year-old `` helping '' -RRB- . Now , 18 months later , the bed is still in excellent condition , even with two toddler boys playing on it regularly . My younger son is now leaving his crib , and I purchased a second identical bed for him . Again , this bed arrived without even a scratch . Both of my boys love their beds , as does their Mama . For quality , style , and durability , I give a hearty two thumbs up !
 We got this bed to transition our 2 year old out of his crib . It 's easy to put together , well made , nice finish . It fit his crib mattress perfectly . It 's only about 12 '' off of the floor , so even if he wriggled around so much that he fell out -LRB- past the side bars , not likely -RRB- , he would n't fall very far -LRB- and it 's never happened -RRB- . It 's great that it 's so low , because he can get into bed by himself . The only caveat is that it has a 70 lb . weight limit , so do n't kneel on it when you are tucking in , and our 5 year old boy ca n't play with his little brother on it . No great loss . Definitely recommend it .
 This is a nice addition to my son 's room . My son had to be placed in a bed -LRB- at 15 months -RRB- because we were expecting my second child and was planning on using the crib for the baby . We decided to use a toddler bed one month before the baby came so that he did not feel that we were giving the baby his crib . He did not like the bed at first , but after about 2 days , he liked it . The bed can take the weight of my husband -LRB- 175lbs -RRB- or I with our son -LRB- 27 lbs -RRB- . Easy to assemble and nice wood finish .
 Bed looks great . For someone who has assembled small furniture before , this was easy . It took less than 30 minutes to assemble . Only concern I had was the corners on the bed side rails . Put corner cushion covers on the two rails . It is a nice sturdy little bed . My grandson is enjoying his new big boy bed .
 We ordered this toddler bed for my 2 year old after reading the reviews online and we are very happy with the purchase . He has been in the bed for almost 6 months now and it arrived in perfect condition , was fairly easy to assemble and is still in great condition even with my son abusing it on a daily basis . We love this bed so much that we are currently searching for the same bed in white for my daughter who will be going into a toddler bed around the holidays . I would highly recommend this bed to anyone looking for a quality toddler bed .
 This bed is well made , was easy to put together and our son loves it . No problems whatsoever .
 Overall I am very happy with this bed for our 21/2 yr old daughter . The finish/paint was in perfect condition and looks great -LRB- no exposed screw heads , scratches , etc -RRB- . With the mattress it sits about one foot off the ground which makes it easy for her to climb in and out of . Also a standard crib mattress fits great with very little room around the edges , but just enough to tuck in some sheets and a comforter . The price we paid was better than most prices in retail stores or other online toddler beds.My only concern are the slats that support the mattress . There are five or six 1 '' wood slats that hold the mattress off the floor and that is all that supports it . So far after 6 mos of use I have had no problems , but I am also very careful to make sure she does n't jump on her bed . Simply sliding some plastic bins with her toys under her bed has given me peace of mind , should the support break and the mattress fall .
 I purchased it for my two dogs which was perfect in my bedroom solid built bed , would recommend it . IT was easy to put together and feels sturdy and is nice piece of furniture
 I am writing this review for those whose young toddlers do no like to sleep + move a lot in their sleep -LRB- day or night -RRB- like our 19 months old younger son.I believe that a toddler before age of 2 years old do not have the mental capacity to understand that they can get in and out of this bed safely.We are FAR from having our toddler sleep in this bed at night . Even when he turns 2 y.o I am thinking that we will construct another rail for one side -LRB- the other is against wall -RRB- that will be about 12 inch long and will cover third of the bed from another side of the original rail . This will leave a space wide enough to get out while not too wide to fall off . For now we move the crib mattress back and forth.I bought this bed because I thought that my toddler will like sleeping in it better -LRB- with fun Thomas Train pillow and a blanket like his older brother 's -RRB- . I quickly realized that my safety concerns surpassed anything else I had in mind . The rails are too short and do not cover even half of the bed . The ikea rails that could be attached to any bed is too long for this bed due to the existing built in rails . So I decided that I will not let my toddler sleep in this bed at night . He is VERY exited to sleep in this bed during the day and has quickly transitioned to one nap I believe thanks to this bed and the freedom it offers him . This freedom comes with price to us . During the day nap , we put couch pillows on the floor to cover the whole length of the bed side so that it could raise the surface a bit . We leave the door of his room WIDE open and sit near by in another room in order to be there right away in case he falls down . One day my husband was working from home and left the door only half open and then suddenly saw our toddler standing right in front of him . We are constantly working on explaining , showing and trying with him on how properly to get in and out of this bed and the pillows help a lot . I could tell though that every time he is going for his nap , he is looking over the rails in an attempt to jump head down over them.The quality and design of this bed are VERY good . It was easy to assemble , it looks and feels sturdy and elegant.I was very frustrated with my toddler taking cat naps on an irregular basis . This bed did solve this particular problem but again it will take time , effort and some construction materials for him and us to get rid of the crib and feel safe in this bed .
 Bought this to replace my 3yr olds really old half broken bed but did n't realise it was as small as a crib so instead am using it for my 2nd toddler who 's 18 months younger . -LRB- 20 months old -RRB- it 's very easy to assemblesturdy woodcame in good condition and has a good finishFits a crib mattress - i bought a serta sleepwell mattress from babies r us and the thicker mattress makes the bars on the side quite shallow but my 20 month ca n't roll over them.would definitely recommend .
 Great for the price . Very sturdy . Pretty easy to assemble . I made one silly mistake and could figure out the nuts and bolts for the top of the rail . Took about 5 minutes for me to look underneath to insert bolt . Blond moment in case you have one too . Overall very pleased . Just need to get child to stay in it now .
 The bed looks exactly like in the picture . Its reasonably straight forward to assemble but does take a little time . One of the pieces that we got was chipped but we went ahead and used it anyway since it would have been a pain to return .
 Our grandson just loves his new bed . We are going to get another one for our other grandson . Beautiful bed .
 So my daughter loves her new bed . It 's her own little big girl bed . It 's actually quite sturdy . When we received the box in the mail my husband looked at me like what the heck is this . Her bed fit it that , but it turned out great . Perfect size for a toddler and sturdy enough for me to sit on and read to her . Thanks .
 First , the shipping was super fast and arrived in perfect condition . Second , the bed was very easy to put together . It took about an hour but could have been less if my 2 year old did n't insist on helping . Third , the bed is very well made and sturdy . That being said , it is made for toddlers and not for adults or large children , there is definitley a weight limit . My daughter could n't be happier with her new `` big girl bed '' and that makes me a very satisfied customer . Thank you .
 I purchased the DaVinci Sleigh Toddler Bed for my great-granddaughter . She is one and a half years old . She loves the bed and says it is her `` big girl bed '' . Her dad said it went together without any problems . Mom and Dad love the look and feel of the wood . It is sturdy for a toddler bed . It sets close to the floor and my great-granddaughter can easily get in and out of it without help . I would suggest this product to anyone looking for a transition toddler bed . We love it .
 Nice bed . My wife was looking for something like this , but the prices were high ... this bed is at good price and is very nice .
 It was deleivered a day earlier than expected ! Which was amazing considering my son was climbing out of his crib at 20mons -LRB- hes very tall -RRB- so we needed this bed pronto ! I upacked , organized tools , and put it together on my hour lunch . Not only does this bed match my other espresso items but its sooo solid !! So glad I went with Amazon instead of the ones at Babies R us ! I am very happpy :-RRB- oh and what a deal . . now that i have it and see the quality I would have paid like 20 bucks more for it ! LOL
 The bed arrived promptly , was packaged well , went together easily and is super cute . My toddler loves it . She can easily climb in and out of bed on her own and likes to just sit and play on it . I did wrap blankets over the side rails temporarily for a little protective cushioning as she could bump her head otherwise .
 After reading a lot of reviews I was convinced that DaVinci was the best toddler bed you could get a reasonable price . So far we are very pleased . The bed was easy to put together , is very sturdy , and looks very nice ... not cheap like many you see displayed at stores . And my little boy -LRB- 2 years -RRB- loves it as well . We are very happy with our purchase and feel that we got a great deal on Amazon .
 I have had this for about 5 months now and so far it has held up well . I would have made it 5 stars but it was scratched -LRB- small -RRB- in a few places from shipping . I did n't think it was worth the shipping to send it back and get a placement . My son loves his big boy bed . Only fell out a few times at night for about a week and then he had it figured out . I recommend !
 Lightweight , yet durable . Great quality for a great price ! Assembly easy as pie - everything fit the way it should ! My 3yr old LOVES it and so do I : -RRB-
 Takes about 20 minutes to put together.It 's very sturdy.Looks great.No wasted space.Overall a great design and definitely better quality than some of the others I 've seen .
 I totally agonized for days about what bed to buy my son and ultimaely I purchased this one . When it was delivered the box was all beat up and I was so sure that the bed would be banged up as well . Luckily , everything was just fine ; there were no scratches or anything . My husband put it together and seemed to have no problems . My son loves this bed , probably because it 's just his size . My biggest concern when looking for a bed -LRB- other than safety , of course -RRB- was whether or not I could lay on it with my son as he fell asleep . I do n't remember what the recommended weight limit is on this bed but I 'm a bit on the heavy side at 150lbs and I have no problems laying on it with him . Of course , it 's not exactly comfortable as it is a small bed but there is no moving or creaking . So , if that is a concern for you , I would n't worry about it . It will hold you up . Also , we have had no incidences of him falling off the bed . My son moves about quite a bit in his sleep and I was worried about the so called short side rails but it has not been a problem . He does occasionally smack into the side rails when he turns over which wakes him up but I do n't see a way around that problem . He would have the same issue with any other bed unless they made it out of rubber .
 This is a nice looking and sturdy bed . Just the right height , out crib mattress fits perfectly . She loves it . It 's her `` big girl bed '' . The ability to be able to get in and out of bed as you wish astounds the little snapper heads .
 I am pleased with this purchase so far , it was easy to assemble . It took less than an hour to assemble it . It is sturdy and light at the same time . So far so good .
 Bed arrived in good condition . Easy to assemble -LRB- because I did let do it , haha ! -RRB- Easy transition from crib to toddler bed . My son under 2 years , loved it because he can just get out of bed in the morning instead of calling for help . It 's low enough that when he falls off it does n't scare or hurt him . He actually stays asleep on the floor lol
 THIS BED IS BUILT BEAUTIFULY . BUT YOU CAN NOT LOOK PAST THE SOLID DURABLE PRODUCT THAT IT IS . I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT WITH TWO THUMBS UP TO ANYONE . ENJOY !
 This bed is a good quality for the price . It was easy to assemble and I did it myself in under 30 minutes . The only negative I have is that the screws show in the front of the bed . It would be better if they had white caps to go over . Also , I wish the side railings were a little bit longer . It also came with a dent on the headboard .
 Hard to buy a bed without seeing it first , but I am definitely pleased with my choice . This DaVinci Sleigh bed came packaged well and no scrapes or dents . The finish -LRB- cherry -RRB- was very nice too . Hard to believe it did n't cost more . The bed itself is pretty light , but very sturdy and no problems whatsoever ! Definitely comes highly recommended !
 Bed was somewhat easy to assemble . It took about 1 hour by myself . The slats were the most difficult to assemble , would be much easier if you had 2 to align them . Bed looks great.I do n't like that the bed is rated to only 50 lbs . That part was disappointing since I want to be able to sit on it with my child . My husband -LRB- 165 lbs -RRB- did lay on it before I could tell him not to and it did n't break , so I guess that is good but since it is rated only to 50 lbs , he wo n't be doing that again!The standard crib mattress that I purchased fit perfectly . The flat sheet and comforter are hard to tuck in since you have the rails . My 20 month old can easily climb on the mattress by himself . He has n't fallen out of it because I have n't had him try to sleep in it yet , still getting his big boy room ready .
 Great bed ; real wood and looks like great quality . easy to put together , the trickiest part is aligning the slats on both sides because only the center slat screws in , the rest want to pop out as you are trying to line them up with the other end . Just be sure to verify they are indeed all the way in their respected spaces because even if they appear to be they could be off - and then any weight on the bed would break them . again , the bed is a really nice looking piece of furniture and along with theSealy Soybean Foam-Core Crib Mattressmattress it is a great combo for a toddler going from a crib but not ready for a real bed . My daughter has been in the Baby Bjorn travel bed most of her life . We took it with us for any travels and it was also our primary bed at home in France . Now that we moved to America , after some adjustment to the new home , we felt it safe to upgrade our daughter to a new bed and leave behind the familiar one . she is so excited to have a big girl bed . Just one thing -- it 's marketed as being DaVinci brand ; it 's not written ANYWHERE that it is , instead it says ` Million Dollar Baby ' brand everywhere -LRB- instructions , box , registration card -RRB- not a big deal but misleading . i do n't like that i thought i 'm buying a brand i know and get something else instead . thankfully the product is great .
 This toddler bed looks nice and seems to be working . It was an adjustment going from crib to the bed , but that would be the case for any toddler bed . Light weight , but I feel comfortable draping my upper body across it to give my toddler a snuggle before bed . Color is accurate to picture shown .
 I purchased this for my 2.5 year old boy who had been climbing out of his crib for a month . It took me less than 1/2 an hour to put together by myself . I really like the way it looks - clean lines , the natural finish is light and although it 's not an expensive bed , it does n't look cheap . My son loves it , and so far , so good ! I anticipate that it will last a long time . Fits a regular crib mattress . I 'm really happy with it .
 We purchased this bed for my four year old son . It was a quick put together for my husband -LRB- and child helpers -RRB- and looks great ! It is sturdy and just the right size . A standard crib mattress fits perfectly . The `` Cars '' bedding we used made it a real hit for our newly adopted son . He knew it was his right away ! He makes up his little bed each morning and sets his little stuffed animals all on it . So sweet and just the right size -LRB- FYI
 This little bed is great ! my son is 16 mo. and was so exited to see his bed up . Bed is really sturdy , and good looking I love it!would definitly recommend .
 We purchased this toddler bed for my 3 year old son , crossing our fingers it will be the same color as his crib since we are expecting our second son and they will be sharing the same room , it was just perfect , the color and even the sliding on the bed is the same as the crib . It was very easy to assemble , it only took my husband and father in law around 30 minutes to put together . My son loves his bed ! It fits the mattress from his crib/daybed .
 I shopped online for a while before finally choosing this bed , and I did so based on the reviews . I have been very happy with it to date . I believe we 've now had it for about two months . It is a nice little bed for the price . I 'm sure it 's possible to buy fancier , or even sturdier , but this is more than meeting my expectations so far . What can I say ? I 'm very happy with this purchase . Oh , by the way , I put it together myself in 23 minutes . No problems !
 I 've tried a lot of wipes - Pampers regular , Pampers sensitive , Pampers lavender , Huggies regular , Babies R Us brand . The Huggies Newborn wipes are by far the best , and I 'm still using them on my 17-month old . Another reviewer said they 're too thick - in my opinion , thick is a good thing , especially when you 're cleaning up a poopy butt ! All the others feel too thin , too slick , too chemical . Some of them gave her a painful rash . The Huggies Newborn wipes are soft , gentle , and the least irritating of all the wipes . Buy them by the box when they go on sale at Toys R Us and Babies R Us -LRB- usually two dollars off with coupon -RRB- for the best value .
 These wipes are so much better than the regular wipes , why put extra chemicals on your babys sensitive bottom than you have to . better than pampers sensitive wipes these feel wetter and are more durable .
 these whips are perfect for new borns , but you should see what dose n't cause `` diaper rash '' bought these as a gift along with huggies newborn diapers 40 diapers ... plus 8whips and then bought some for the baby so she or he has alot of whips , perfect for quick clean ups ... hands , face . pampers are not good for a babys butt ... -LRB- whips -RRB-
 I do n't have a baby . Whatchamacallit those Huggies Newborn Wipes great for sensitive skin . Unlike the others , like Pampers Sensitive , these have NO chemicals . Buy these for David Spade 's Newborn Baby for NO chemicals . That is , for these `` Capital One '' ads , his answer is always NO .
 I love it . I used it today and it was everything I wanted it to be . My hair was slicker and smoother .
 THIS PRODUCT IS GREAT I USE IT ON MY NATURAL HAIR AND IT MAKES IT SUPER SOFT AND MANAGEABLE LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT AND ITS REASONABLY PRICED AND SHIPS QUICKLY
 This conditoner has transformed my hair . I 'm a curly natural girl , so what I put in my hair is very important . This is my third purchase of Mill Creek conditioner .
 I have used this product for years and it really does what it says it will do . It makes weak hair strong because of the keratin protein . I used to swim on a team and when the chlorine left everyone else 's hair dried up and burnt out , my hair looked and felt fantastic . Ever since then , I have been a big fan . It smells nice and has a great consistency too . It 's really the best , and not so expensive as the useless salon brands .
 I have purchased the little taggie blankets previously and am amazed at how much they help my grandson settle down for sleep , or recover from a tantrum . I like this one even better than the first one I bought -LRB- the one with the alphabet letters -RRB- . The texture is much softer . Unfortunately , my grandson does not want to accept the new one because he says it is n't his . I guess I 'll save this one for the new baby brother .
 My 5 month old son loves these lovie blankets ! We have 3 . They keep him entertained . Yes , they are a bit pricey but they are machine washable and very sturdy . I would recommend buying more than one . They are excellent .
 This lovie blanket is AWESOME !! Do n't let the price deter you . You can machine wash it and it will keep your little one entertained . Win-win . Buy it ! I have 3 .
 I wish that taggies existed when I was a kid . My 4-year-old and my 5-month-old both love their taggies . My older child has 3 of them and loves to sleep with it . When I go in to kiss him at night before I go to bed , he is asleep with at least 2 or 3 of the tags woven around his little fingers . My baby even loves to feel the silky taggies in her fingers . They come in both bold and muted colors . They 're the best .
 My daughter loves Taggies . They are the only toys she has held on to no matter how old she gets . Id like to respond to the previous bad review . A ton of baby products are considered safe that could be potentially dangerous . Thats why adult supervision and common sense should be used . It is not safe to leave a 4 month old with ANY blanket unless you have your eye on them . Thats common sense . I mean look at the Bumbo that was recalled because of parents putting them on top of high objects and the kids diving off . The Bumbo , just like Taggies blanket is safe when used correctly . We love both by the way : -RRB-
 This little blanket has been in my son 's crib since he came home fromt he hospital . He loves it and its the one thing he asks for when it 's time to go to bed .
 I really recommend this little blankie . It is small and easy for little growing hands to play with and to pack around .
 I purchased this for my daughter as she would always find the tags on her blankets and hold on to them . She still prefers her blankets to the taggie , but it stays in her crib every night . It 's a nice small size and has great , bright colors . The tags are very soft and silky . Overall we really like this taggie !
 Got this for my grandson at his Mothers request . It is his favorite blanky . He carries it everywhere . Great gift to give to a toddler .
 Bought this as a gift for a newborn . He loves it ! Shipped promptly .
 My baby loves this little blanket . I just wish it was a tad bigger , but he hugs it and plays with the little tags .
 My seven-month-old really enjoys her Taggies blankets . The blanket part is very soft and cuddly . The tags offer great sensory stimulation .
 This Little Taggie `` blanket '' is very well made and our daughter loves it ! I had seen these during pregnancy , and actually went looking for one when I noticed my six-month-old playing with the tags on her blankets . We are very happy with our purchase . The brand name is far superior to the `` knock-off 's '' you see in department stores . The 12 '' x 12 '' is the perfect size for baby to play with and explore the different colors/textures/sizes of the tags while in the car seat on road trips !
 Neat little blanket -LRB- really little -RRB- for an infant . It arrived on time as We 've come to expect from the very excellent Amazon service .
 This is my daughter 's favorite possession . She ca n't sleep without it . Hers is pink with clouds , but we bought several of these for boys and girls and give these as our standard baby gift .
 My 1 year-old daughter loves the bright colors and the softness of this blanket . She carries it around with her quite a bit , but does n't seem that interested in the tags .
 My daughter is now 11 months old and she received one of these when she was born . She Loves to play with the tags/ribbons on it and it is great for development because our tags/ribbons are different textures -LRB- do n't know that this particular prouduct has different texture or just all satin . She loves to feel each different textured ribbon . We got ours from a different site
 This is an excellent blanket for little ones . It 's amazing how fascinated babies are with tags ! They love to grasp and suck on them . This blanket is the perfect size , big enough to cover a kid but not so large that it 's overwhelming .
 I purchased this as a gift and at the time there were no dimensions listed as there are now . I expected it to be a little bit bigger . However the baby it was purchased for loves it . He always has it with him and his mother is actually quite surprised at how much he loves it . She thought it was stupid when she opened it at the baby shower . She alternates this one with another Taggie that I bought for the baby .
 This is an adorable little blanket . We actually just bought this one as a back-up to the one my daughter sleeps with every night -LRB- in case the first one gets lost or has to be washed -RRB- . Amazingly , this blanket does n't ever fade despite daily use for over a year and it is so soft for cuddling .
 This is a great little blanket , my son loves it . It is a little expensive , but its well worth it . Bright colours and big tags - perfect !
 If there is a tag on an object , my son will find it and stick it in his mouth . I figured because he loves tags so much that he would go crazy for this blanket . Unfortunately , he seems indifferent to this blanket . Maybe he just loves the hunt for the tag and this Taggies blanket makes it too easy for him ! That said , this is a very good product . Yes , it 's a bit expensive for a small blanket . But the blanket material and ribbons are good quality - not flimsy or cheap feeling . The stitching is tight and with no loose threads . The blanket washes well and has n't faded or worn at all . All in all , it 's a good soft blanket and I do n't regret buying it . After all , each baby is different and so you never know which products they will like until after you try it out !
 My 2 year old is obsessed with this blanket . She will find a tag anywhere but this is what comforts her most especially at bed time . It is healthy for children to self soothe and have a comfort item .
 This is a fantastic blanket for babies . I never realized kids were so into tags but I kept hearing it and got this for a friend 's kid . He loved it ! The blanket itself is very soft and a good size for babies . They really do love chewing and sucking on the tags ! I 'd recommend it for anyone !
 My 2 year old Grandson loves his first taggie so much that it is hard to get it away from him to wash it . I decided I needed to get another one for him . Unfortunately I picked another adorable pattern . He does n't like change . So far he has rejected it , so I think I will have to get one just like his original . That 's O.K. because he has a new baby brother who is too little to know what it is for . We 'll save it for him.Warning to parents and Grandparents
 As a new Mom , I did n't believe the rumors on how much babies love to chew tags until my daughter started chewing the tags on her toys , clothing and even her Boppy . Then she received the Pink-n-Pretty Little Taggie Blanket as a present . She immediately fell in love with it . It is her little security blanket that goes with her everywhere . She loves to chew the tags and stick her fingers through them . Her favorite tags are
 My son is 2.5 , and right now he is fast asleep with his Taggie tucked next to him . We received Taggie as a gift from a friend when my son was 4 months old and it became his security blanket almost immediately . To this day , we 've seen him in the middle of the night playing with the tags . I know that a previous reviewer indicated that Taggie was a suffocation hazard . We 're NEVER had such an experience , and the one described , in my opinion , could have happened with any type of blanket . Taggie or otherwise.We 're in love with this product and have frequently given them to friends as baby gifts .
 My daughter loves this ! She snuggles up with it during naps and at bedtime . The tags are perfect for playing or chewing . Also , it 's the perfect size for ` on the go ' .
 We recieved this as a gift when i was pregnant - i liked it at first because the size is PERFECT for the carseat ! and now that my son is 6 months old and EVERYTHING goes in his mouth , he is facinated with the tags . they are his favorite part of every toy - so this blanket is perfect !
 My son loves his taggies !! After buying his first taggie blanket and seeing how much he loved it , I went out and bought as many taggie toys as I could find . My son loves to fall asleep with his blankie in his hands as his little fingers play with the ribbons . It 's too cute ! This blaknet is nice and soft and the colors are nice and bright .
 I purchased two of these blankets for my son when he was born -LRB- he is now 2 years old -RRB- . He has since become so attached to them that they almost go everywhere ! He loves the tags and will sit and play with them for quite a while . I would recommend this product to all parents ! It is a shame that one person brought down the rating of this product . I have never heard a bad thing about Taggies until her review . It really should be 5 stars !
 I was a little skeptical when my daughter suggested this as a Christmas present for my 6-month old granddaughter , but what a surprise ! She LOVES it , and is never without it . I now highly recommend the Taggie Blanket to everyone with infants - they really do like to chew on the soft silky tabs ! And the blanket itself is very soft and soothing for their little fingers to stroke as they hold it . Little Taggie Blanket - Pink n ' Pretty 12x12
 I purchased this for my 6 month old and she loves to play with the tags . I would n't have given it to her when she was a newborn or too young to lift things away from her face .
 The designer of this item is brilliant - babies love it . It 's a must have for any parent .
 My daughter loves her taggie ; she constantly sucks on the tags and snuggles with it . When she wakes up during the night , she grabs the taggie and falls back to sleep . Love !
 My baby girl loves the tags on toys more than the toy itself , so I bought her one of these . It was love at first sight . She spent at least 1/2 hour exploring all the tags before conking out for a nap with her taggie blanket against her cheek . It is so soft and cuddly , and the perfect size for her little hands . -LRB- Note that it is not actually a traditional `` blanket '' that you can cover your baby up with ! -RRB- It 's a little pricey , but it has entertained her for hours more than other toys that cost the same or more .
 My son can not get enough of the Taggies , specially this one . This Taggie is so colorful he keeps getting drawn to it -LRB- vs. our other one -RRB- . Would also make a great baby shower gift .
 We love this taggie blanky . It 's a small taggie blanky so she carries it everywhere we go . The colors are beautiful too !!
 My daughter LOVES this taggie . She originally had another one , but I chose to purchase this bright and inexpensive one after losing her original . The moment I pulled it out of the package she -LRB- 10months -RRB- became all giddy , reached for it , then snuggled it.This is her security - We have already purchased another one , due to losing the second one . Luckily it is $ 10 less than most taggies .
 This item is NOT a blanket - it 's a small 12 inch by 12 inch square that is just big enough for a baby to lie his face on . Babies absolutely love it because it is soft to touch and the tags are irresistible for them to touch and chew . Our grandson learned to self-soothe quickly with it . This smaller size makes it easier to take everywhere , so going to sleep at grandma 's is just as easy as home . It is very well made and built to last a lifetime . We worried when we washed it the first time , but it came out from the laundry looking just as colorful and fun .
 The blanket was very cute - bright colors !!! HOWEVER , it is extremely small . . I did n't read the size specs before I ordered -LRB- so really it 's my fault -RRB- , but I was expecting a large blanket for the baby to roll around on . It was literally 12 '' x 12 '' . I know the description said a `` small '' blanket - but I thought it meant maybe about 3 ' x 3 ' or so ... That was my only complaint ... I think they should show the blanket with a baby on the website , just as they do in the package booklet you receive in the box when it 's delivered . That would help people see it in perspective !!
 I bought this for my daughter because of her fascination with tags . She loves that it is very colorful , and she love that the `` tags '' have many different textures . I ca n't seem to get it out of her mouth . The actual blanket is very soft , and it is very cute . It is extremely easy to wash , and is small enough to bring with us everywhere . I 'm so glad that I bought one . Definitely worth the extra money .
 My daughter seems to like this and the colors are definitely bright . I like that she can pick it up because it 's not too big . She is n't into the taggies at all but maybe that will come with time . Good visual stimulation .
 We got one of these blankets with clouds on it when my son was an infant . Now at age 3 it has become a proper noun
 My grandson just turned 1 year old . We bought this taggie blanket for him when he was 6 months old , just before his baby blessing . It proved to be very effective at soothing his anxiety during the baby blessing , and has continued to be useful to him . It helps him calm himself to go to sleep , and now is very comforting as he deals with his stranger anxiety . It is amazing to see the immediate change in him when he sees his taggie . Grandpa says `` the taggie 's great '' . He never wanted a passifier , but somehow this is different , and I 'm sure it will be much better for his dental health . I 'm sold !
 Our daughter is 8 months and chews on every tag she can get in her mouth . She LOVES this blanket and it is by far one of her favorite playthings . We love that it is a small blanket . It does great in the laundry and is still very vibrant in color after numerous washes . Well worth the money if you have a tag chewer .
 Like other reviewers have said this blanket is worth the price ! It 's soft and kids love the tags . I 'd definitely recommend this to any parent with a baby . Gives them something to hug and chew without parents having to worry .
 This makes a great security blanket ! The tags around the edges give babies something to tug on and the variety of colors and textures can help them explore . Makes a great gift for expectant mothers or those with still young children .
 My first daughter could n't have cared less about the Taggie she was given as a gift . So I gave it to my second daughter years later and she attached to it almost immediately ! I have since purchased 2 more , one for daycare , one for home , and one for the car . If she is fussy , I give it to her and she immediately calms down and relaxes , rubbing the little tags in between her fingers . The `` Little taggie '' is not meant to be a blanket that covers baby while she sleeps , it 's a lovey . If you want a blanket to keep baby warm , buy the larger taggie . If you have a very tactile baby who likes textures , this is a wonderful gift . Most babies attach to a lovey around 9mos to 1 year , and my daughter has been attached to her Taggie since 9 months . If you purchase directly on the Taggies website you can have them customized with babie 's name , birthdate , etc. .
 This is my second one of these to buy for my son . It is his lovey and he sleeps with it . He loves the soft material and rubbing his fingers over the taggies while he is falling asleep .
 I think Taggies only work with certain babies . I have triplets and while they all will play with a Taggie , only 2 of them like to sleep with it . The 3rd uses a stuffed puppy . Some babies like to console themselves with satin material instead of a stuffed animal . I could tell 1 of my sons would definitely like it because he was always trying to grab his shirt and put it in his mouth or trying to stroke soft things to soothe himself . He was having so much trouble learning to self-soothe which kept him from sleeping all night . So I tried a stuffed animal , but he was not interested . Then I tried a small blanket with a satin edge , and he would stick the edge of the blanket in his mouth and feel the satin with his fingers and seemed to sleep a little better on his own . So , I bought the Taggie , and HE LOVES IT ! He slept thru the night the first time I gave it to him . Now he will not sleep without it and even if he wakes up he 'll play with it quietly in his crib or use it to soothe himself back to sleep . It has been SUCH a lifesaver ! So , if a stuffed animal is n't working ... you might give this a shot . If your child is having trouble sleeping through the night ... $ 20.00 is NOTHING if it fixes the problem ! :--RRB- Plus , you can easily throw it in the washer to clean . NOTE
 This is pretty neat , each tag has got some kind of different texture . My 9 month old daughter was a big tag chewer . However , even tho she had a huge variety of tags to play with , she always went for the original tag ! It 's great for their pincher grasp , I would def . recommend this product .
 My son loves his taggies blanket . He is almost 4 months old and loves holding his little blanket and biting on the tags and pulling them . The blue is really beautiful and bright and vibrant . I 'm really happy with this blanket .
 My 11 month old likes playing with this only every once in awhile . He 's always playing with tags , but the minute I get him a blanket made out of tags , of course , he 's not interested . Maybe he 'll be into it when he 's older . But it 's still a good idea .
 I absolutely love the combo of the babytrend carseat with this stroller frame -LRB- very very fast and easy -RRB- . I wish my baby does n't have to out grow it . My husband and I take the baby everywhere with us -LRB- he bought me the BT Jogger also -RRB- we never have to wake the baby when going from place to place . The stroller folds up very easy , weighs almost nothing , strolls through tight squeezes and fits in our trunk -LRB- which has a huge ported sub -RRB- and also in the backseat -LRB- jogger does too -RRB- . We drive a 2003 Corolla .
 This was the one item I bought that my husband was completely unsure of . Now that the baby has arrived he does n't go anywhere without taking this with him . He likes it much better than the stroller combos because it 's so light weight . Oh and by the way I love it too : -RRB-
 Very convenient to use . Better than the bulkier stroller . Much lighter to carry and easier to lift in and out of your car . Folds very easy .
 After spending well over $ 500 for a nice German stroller that ended up being too heavy for me and too large for my car , the $ 50 Snap 'N Go stroller is a saviour . It is light enough to fold up and put into my trunk with one arm , even after a c-section . The Graco SnugRide car seat fits on the stroller well . Also , the combination is perfect for shopping because it is so compact .
 I loved this stroller so much and now ca n't find anything better that I felt like I had to write a great review . My son is now 6 months and is out of his infant car seat so it was time to shop for a new stroller . I could n't find anything as great as this was . Nothing met all my requirements , like the snap and go . I 'll really miss it.It is light and easy to lift , does n't take up much space in the car , has a huge basket and cup holder tray for me , is a great height -LRB- I 'm tall and had no problems -RRB- and the wheels worked great on my bumpy sidewalks . I got spoiled with this that now nothing can match it . Even if you have a travel system already I recommend getting this to use until your baby is out of the infant seat . It 's cheap enough that it will be much better then lugging the other big stroller around when you do n't even need it yet .
 Pure and simple
 I BOUGHT THIS ITEM NOT TOO LONG AGO AND IT IS GREAT . PERFECT FOR QUICK SHOPPING AND EASY TO MANAGE . LIGHT WIEGHT , CAN OPEN AND CLOSE WITH ONE HAND . FOR SHORT TRIPS AND WALKS IN THE MALL IT IS GREAT . WE USE ARE PRAM FOR LONG WALKS BUT FOR EVERYTHING ELSE WE USE THIS WONDERFUL PRODUCT !!
 Here 's the deal
 I have looked for many lightweight strollers for NY subways and buses , and only found this product . I 'm wondering if anyone can confirm for me that it is compatible with the Graco Snug Ride LATCH Blackwell ? That 's the car seat I ordered .
 My husband and I stood in front of all the strollers and car seats for a good 30 minutes , overwhelmed by all the choices . A woman walking by with her baby tried to talk us into buying the Snap n ' go . My husband was convinced and wanted to register for it , but I thought it was a horrible idea . `` No way ! '' , I said to my husband , as soon as she walked away . `` That thing looks so cheap ! Absolutely not . '' I wanted to have THE travel system of all systems . So , that 's what we registered for . After all the baby gifts came rushing though , it was clear that we would have to purchase a car seat and stroller on our own . My in-laws purchased the Britax convertible car seat that I wanted -LRB- which I highly recommend , by the way ! -RRB- , but we still needed another car seat for our other car . My husband was still sold on the Snap 'n Go , so he went ahead and purchased one . All I can say now is , BEST DECISION EVER !! I ca n't imagine lugging around a travel system ! The Snap 'n Go is SO easy to lift out of the SUV , takes up less room in the back , and is SO convenient ! PLEASE , do yourself a huge favor ... forget the fancy strollers and travel systems and buy the Snap 'n Go ... you 'll learn fast that a lighter-weight , more convenient , and easier product -LRB- especially in the winter time and rainy season ! -RRB- makes much more sense than something frilly and fancy!P.S . - Once my husband bought the Snap 'n Go , I bought a second base , so I could use it , too !!
 We purchased a Graco Travel system for my daughter . A friend suggested buying this . My daughter was only a few weeks old at the time . It was the best decision ! We 've only used her travel system stroller a few times -LRB- she 's 5 months now -RRB- . It seems so big and bulky compared to this little stroller . I use it all the time while running errands . It 's small enough to manuevre around the busiest cramped stores . It steers great with one hand . I can open doors and push through with one hand with ease . I even took it to Florida with us . I am sad that my daughter will be out of her infant car seat soon and therefore can not use this much longer ! Fantastic stroller base and well worth the money . We are now in search of another smaller lightweight stroller that is comparable to this . I will definitely miss using this !
 Easy to assemble , easy to adjust the snap bar for the best car seat fit . Smooth ride , huge basket , nice cup holder -LRB- just do n't spill on baby , who is right underneath it ! -RRB- , easy to unfold/fold , does n't feel `` cheap '' or flimsy . Our Baby Trend Latch-Loc infant car seat does n't actually `` snap '' onto the snap bar , but it is pretty secure when you strap it in -LRB- you should thread the straps through the sides as if you are threading a seat belt in a car for best security -RRB- . I tried tilting the thing every which way with the car seat installed , & the seat itself does n't really tilt at all . Pretty nice deal for this price .
 This was recommended to us by the book `` Baby Bargains '' so we decided to give it a try . It fit perfectly with our Baby Trend Car Seat . The Snap 'N Go is awesome because it 's so easy to push and maneuver with one hand . We could not believe how easy it was to handle and collapse with one hand ! It 's better than any stroller I have ever used . I would use it everywhere including the grocery store . The bottom basket is big enough to fill with groceries . I highly recommend this product , I do n't think it can get any easier than this . I 'm a small person so if I can do it anyone can . The top compartment is great for keys , cups , etc. .
 For those of you who think the Snap 'N Go will absolutely not work with the Graco Snug Ride - I think I found a solution . Instead of using the bar the manual suggests , just use the BT Bar and screw it in at the Snap Bar position III . The carseat snaps on much more securely on to that bar than the one they suggest . You have to wedge your fingers between the stroller bar and the release handle of the carseat in order to remove the carseat from the base , but you easily get the hang of it . I have found the Snap 'N Go to be a wonderful product that works great with the Graco Snug Ride . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars was because you really ca n't use it once your baby grows out of their carseat -LRB- which mine has and he 's only 7 months -RRB- . I just wish I could have used it longer .
 This item is great for taking on vacation when you have a travel system . When traveling by air you do n't want to get your stroller dirty or damaged and this is a great alternative . Although its silly to say that it is a waste to buy the Travel system . HELLO this stroller only works with infant car seats , not convertable ones . What are you going to do when the child grows out of the infant seat ? Umbrella strollers are nice but not when you have a sleepy baby/child who would like to lay down . I do have this product and it 's been on three trips to Disney , grandma and countless other times when I decided to leave my stroller at home . It pays for its self believe me .
 this is the greatest item for a baby ... I used it all the time ... lightweight and easy to open/close
 My baby is now almost a year old and I am hating the fact that he will be out of his carrier - and thus my stroller will no longer be usable.I have a now 7 year old Evenflo model carrier - and once I figured out how to properly adjust the bars , it fit perfectly . -LRB- The safety straps are really just added security and personally have rarely bothered to use them . If you snap the carrier on the bar correctly , it might rock backwards a little but it is n't going anywhere . -RRB- The instructions to adjust the bars can be a bit complicated - you just have to read them carefully and look at the pictures.It folds flat in seconds with one hand . It fits and stays in the trunk of my car -LRB- no SUV needed ! -RRB- even when I go get groceries.My only issue with it does not deduct from my rating
 Before I had the baby I assembled it and did not feel it was safe enough because the seat was not completly attached to it and could move even after using the straps ... I decided to give it a try after some of my friends told me that they loved it ... LOVE IT ... my baby is already 41/2 months and I still use it and prefer it over the very expensive McLaren I also bought . It is safe enough to use it every day for normal things like go to the malll , a walk etc. . . not if you are jogging or something . Also the basket is the best ... you can fit a lot in it unlike any other stroller ... I highly recomend it .
 I bought a Siver Cross for long walks , etc. - I bought this Baby Trend and LOVE it for shopping , etc. . A great stroller for the price - everyone should have one .
 The best ... . I am sad that I will not be using this much longer ... great for shopping ... groceries below and hanging clothing on the hand rail ... Wonderful the best !!!!!!
 I wish they had this around when I started having children 7 years ago . I asked for this when I was pregnant with my 4th child and it is wonderful . It has a large storage area , light and saves me from struggling carrying a large baby in a car seat on my arm . I use this everywhere , including baseball fields to watch the older boys and it works great . Whoever invented this is a genius in my book .
 I bought a snap-n-go at the birth of my first child and I absolutely love it . It is lightweight and very easy to use . I have used it with both an Evenflo and a Graco infant seat . You just have to adjust it to fit according to the directions provided by the manufacturer . I highly recommend it to every new Mom !
 We just had our first child and did n't know much about ` baby gear . ' We got tons of stuff from friends and family and out of all of the things that we 've tried or used -LRB- from clothes , to toys , to gear , etc. -RRB- - the snap n ' go was the BEST buy for the money ! It 's inexpensive , light , easy to use and totally fit our needs ! I highly recommend it .
 Unlike some other reviewers , after some initial wrestling , I was able to configure the Snap 'n Go for my Graco seat . Although it was kind of a pain , it only took me about 10 minutes working by myself , and now I have a terrific , convenient , lightweight stroller that I love ! It is so easy to open the frame and get the car seat attached . It maneuvers well and is nice and sturdy . I recommend this product to anyone with a compatible infant car seat , although it would probably be easier to configure for a non-Graco seat -LRB- Graco is the only one that requires screwing into the holes at the very top of the frame ; because the frame bends , it takes a bit of will power to get it all together . -RRB-
 I just put this together and it was not the easiest thing being 9 months preggo but I did get it . It takes forever to get that BT bar off -LRB- this is taken off if not using Baby Trend carseat -RRB- , it took me forever to get it unscrewed but once I did I followed the directions for the Snug Ride -LRB- graco -RRB- and it was very easy to move the snap bar up to the number `` I '' position . I think it could lock a little better but if you strap the carseat down , it works fine . I even turned it over and the carseat stayed in place . I think this will be a very handy thing to have once baby is here . The travel system is little too much for me ! Too heavy and takes up too much room . This is all you need till baby moves out of the infant carrier!Plus , it has drink holders , ca n't get better than that !
 I was given this stroller too late to use with my 1st son . My second is due soon and I finally got it out and put it together . We have a Graco Snugride carseat and it was very loose when I assembled this according to the instructions that came with my stroller . It turns out the these instructions -LRB- which were a couple of years old -RRB- were wrong and a quick call to Baby Trend gave me the correct positioning . Maybe some of the Graco complaints come from the old instructions . The correct positioning for the Snugride is -- Snap Bar Angle
 I got this to have a stroller in my second vehicle and I find myself using this all the time . Its so light weight and east to open and close . I love it . I use it more then my other stroller and its so convenient . For the price its a must have and worth getting . Those strollers and infant carseats can get very heavy but the wheels turn great , there is plenty of storage underneath and there are even cupholder.I would definitly recommend getting this one .
 I went to Babies R Us convinced I would purchase the Graco stroller frame to go along with the Graco car seat I had . Same manufacturer ... should work , right ? Wrong . Two other shoppers at the store had the same problem ... the Graco frame just does n't open easily . BabyTrend 's frame is lightweight , easy to put together , and a breeze to open and close . And best of all , it is cheaper , which is a bargain considering you 'll only use the frame until the baby can sit up -LRB- ~ 6 mo. -RRB- . After that your baby will want to sit up and look out at the world .
 We have really enjoyed this stroller , It is very easy to just snap in her carseat and go . It is easy to steer and folds up easy . I did n't get one of the travel systems so this has come in handy while my daughter is still in the car seat and not sitting up .
 I have a mini van so I can keep this in between the seats . I grab it , snap it open then grab the baby seat all in one easy motion . I also love how easy it moves and corners , Going shopping has never been easier !! I can actually go in a store without help opening the door and it is narrow enough to move around tight aisles . I only wish it could somehow convert when baby is out of infant carseat .
 You will love this item because1 . Small Car space -- folds into the trunk of my camry2 . Lightweight -- for those w/weak arms3 . Easy to maneuver.But be sure to download the manual from the maker 's website beforehand to check which models go with this . Perfect since I got a handme down infant carrier that worked from a friend . A shame I ca n't continue with this same model . Wish the basket below held more than 5 lbs.Car Seat expert also told me you really do n't need to go with those heavy transportation systems . A snap n go and umbrella stroller is fine if you 're cost conscious and heft conscious depending on your needs . Good luck .
 I registered for one of these and LOVED it !!! Like so many people I had an enormous travel system - it is a Peg and has a finicky system for attaching the carseat to it . I love my stroller but the travel system aspect of it was cumbersome . The snap and go is lightweight , small and compact , has a very nice tray/cupholder , a large and easy to access basket and is very easy to fold . What more could you want in a stroller ! It is a must for any new parent with an infant seat .
 It 's a life saver . I love my graco travel system stroller , but the snap n go is simple and light . I use it all the time . Like the other reviews , I 'll miss it when my daughter outgrows her infant carrier .
 This snap n go is so fabulous i can hardly put it into words !!! It is so lightweight , easy to maneuver , easy to fold and unfold . The basket is huge !! I used to use it when I went to the store -LRB- I 'm too short to see over the baby if the carrier was placed on a shopping cart ! -RRB- and it would fit milk , eggs , and anything else I was purchasing ! The handle was a great height for me -LRB- 5 ' 0 '' -RRB- . My baby just outgrew his infant carrier and I was so upset to have to store the snap n go in the attic waiting for # 2 . When shopping for a lightweight stroller one woman asked me what I wanted and I said , `` a snap n go with a seat !!! '' . We got the large graco travel system and that stroller is awesome , but it weighs 30lbs !! The car seat did fit perfectly , but just for added safety I always used the straps . Hope this helped and good luck !!
 Very handy when you want to move your baby from the car seat to the stroller and back again . Very practical ! We 've been using it for 4 months now and it was money well spent . It 's also very durable . It 's not the snazziest looking stroller , but it gets the job done nicely !
 DO NOT BUY A TRAVEL SYSTEM ! My sister bought a travel system and used her stroller twice when her son was an infant . She was always lugging him around in his infant carrier because it was `` easier '' than using the travel system.I originally purchased mine back in 2002 for my first baby , and I can tell you that with the Snap-N-Go , this is not a problem . The stroller is light , quick , and manuvers better than a shopping cart . I always put our daughter in it when I went grocery shopping , and made my husband push the cart next to us.I always found it very easy to lift out of the car -LRB- even while recovering from delivery -RRB- , and it 's VERY easy to pull it up and snap in the carseat . We used ours with the Graco Snugride , and it fit great.My model is the Snap-N-Go LX from 2002 . At that time , the basket was difficult to get to when the carseat was snapped into the frame . However , I 've investigated the newest version , and this issue appears to be resolved.I 'm about to have baby # 2 , and my original Snap-N-Go is still in great shape and ready to go for the new little one . The only real sign of use is that there is some parking lot gravel stuck in the wheels because I used it CONSTANTLY . The improvement on the accessibilty of the basket is making me tempted to buy a new one , but my old one is in such great condition that I do n't think I will.Buy this product with confidence .
 This car seat carrier does work with the Graco Snug Ride seat , as mentioned by the Dad on March 17 , 2005 . I spent about an hour trying different positions of all of the bars , but none seem to work as good as having the lower slide bar in position ` A ' and the BT bar in position ` III ' . It is true that the seat does not completely lock into place as it does in its own Graco car seat base , but when you put the safety strap over the seat , the car seat feels secure and in place - no moving.Out of curiousity , I did call Baby Trend just to see what they would say about the Snug Ride seat . I was told to use the recommended bar settings in the manual and to put a bag of oranges in the seat and push it around to test the security of the seat/carrier . Well , I have to say no oranges needed , I simply prefer using the BT bar as described above.I only gave this carrier 4 stars , because if Baby Trend did modify their BT Bar , or created a ` Graco Snug Ride Bar ' that was a little thicker , this system would lock the seat into place.Overall it is a great concept - far less bulky than the travel systems . It folds and unfolds very easily -LRB- much easier than the Graco system strollers -RRB- , folds fairly flat , and is light . In addition , both my husband and I are tall -LRB- I am 5 ' 11 '' and my husband is 6 ' + -RRB- and we do not need to bend over to push this carrier - back saver .
 I bought this stroller to use with our first child . I loved how lightweight it was . It was very easy to get in and out or the trunk of my car . The other travel systems were way to heavy for me to lift over and over again . Plus when folded , it leaves plenty of space in my compact car 's trunk.We had no problem using it with our Graco SnugRide car seat either ... as long as you use the strap provided to strap it into place . Now that our daughter has grown out of her infant car seat , we have to buy a new stroller , but it was an inexpensive way to get by the first few months.The only problem I had with this stroller were the small wheels . It made it IMPOSSIBLE to push the stroller on anything but smooth cement or floors . So if you are going to be doing a lot of mall walking - it wo n't be a big problem . However , I found I could not walk on small gravel or grass at all .
 I have the Eddie Bauer/Cosco infant cat seat and did not want to get one of those bulky sets . My sister in law had one and it was huge and hard to fit into the trunk . I got the Snap n ' Go because it looked compact ... and it is ! It is very light weight and has a great turn radius . I even take my baby for walks with this stroller . It has good shock absorbtion and the storage underneath fits everything I need . I would definitely reccommend this stroller.Another great feature is that you can adjust it to any car seat . So if you have another baby - or want to give it to someone you know - and happen to get a different car seat you can adjust this one to fit .
 This is a very light and easy to operate stroller . Works great with the Crago infant car sit . I 'm glad I did n't purchase the travel system since its stroller was much heavier .
 The Snap N Go was exactly what I was looking for ! It is light weight , very easy to fit almost anywhere and the car seat snaps in so easily . Great product for those on-the-run moms !
 My cousin told me about the this product when I was looking for a stroller . My husband and I were not impressed with any of the travel systems out there , and thought this was a great alternative . I have found it to be SO easy to use . It is fabulous for someone who had a c-section because it is so light to lift . The basket fits my diaper bag and several other items . Our son has outgrown his infant seat unfortunately and we needed to purchase a regular stroller . I would still recommend looking into and registering for a future stroller . But I would still use the snap 'n go in a heartbeat !! It was very easy to put together as well .
 I am a first time mom and thought I wanted all the biggest and best stuff for my kid . My step-sister told me about this stroller , so I checked it out . I thought it looked cheap and was n't really sure I wanted it . Then I sat back and watched my friends who just had kids spend all this money on the travel systems and then stop using them at about 6 months . I did n't want to waste $ 300 - $ 400 with those bulky systems . My cousin gave me the Peg infant carrier and if I was to buy the stroller that goes with it , I think I 'd be out about $ 300 . So I took another look at the Snap and Go and ended up getting it . I 'm so glad I did . It was a breeze to put together and so easy to put the carseat on it and take it off . I also loved the huge basket underneath . Fits my diaper bag , purse and many , many purchases . Plus it folds up so easily . I 've had so many people comment on it when I 'm folding it up for the back of my car . My child is just about to move out of his infant seat and I am very bummed that we wo n't be using the Snap and Go any longer . But because I saved all that money on not getting a whole travel system , I put down about $ 100 for a good umbrella stroller .
 We like this a lot , although we have n't used it extensively . One reason is that it seems front-heavy and seems to try to tip forward every time it hits a bump on our rough city sidewalks . -LRB- We switched to a jogging stroller as soon as baby was big enough . -RRB- It 's great for malls or suburban walking , though . It 's very easy to get the car seat in and out , and it fits great in the trunk of our car - two things a travel system or jogging stroller have against them , in our opinion -LRB- ease and size , that is -RRB- . If you want more details on how we chose this stroller , read on ... We had registered for a Graco SnugRide carseat , but when we tried it in our car -LRB- a Hyundai Elantra -RRB- we discovered it did n't sit right . So we bought the BabyTrend carseat , which fit great and worked with our car 's LATCH system -LRB- and which received good reviews in the Consumer Reports 2005 car seat ratings -RRB- . We had decided not to go for a huge travel system -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 3 '' and could hardly lift some of the ones in the store ! -RRB- , but we wanted to take our newborn out in a stroller , AND we found that the BabyTrend car seat did n't work with the other brands ' snap-in strollers . So , we did n't have much choice but to stick with BabyTrend - but we 're overall pleased with these products so far .
 This stroller was recommemded to me by a friend who had tried all the strollers and found that less was more . I 'm glad I listened to her because I love this stroller ! . It 's easy to carry around and fits perfectly into my Jeep Liberty . It 's also easy to navigate when shopping and even has a basket and cup holders for Mommy . Also , when paired with the Navy blue Snugride Graco infant seat , it looks like a cute little baby buggy.One thing that would be nice , though , is if the basket was a little bigger for those larger shopping trips .
 The snap 'n go is so easy and convenient . It 's small and easy to manipulate around small spaces , especially in department stores . It 's lightweight and folds up easily with one hand . And I love the parent tray and the storage net underneath , too . Altoghter a wonderful buy ! I could n't live without it !
 As a first time mother , I 've been looking for lightweight , compact and easy-to-use prodcuts . I 'm happy to say that this Snap N Go stroller meets all of the above criteria ! Once I decided this was the stroller for me , I was set . I went out , purchased it and never looked back!This is a great stroller for toodling around town and pulling in and out of the car . Easy to steer with one hand . Never a pain to use.I 'd buy it 1000 times over !
 My greatest purchase ever . Makes quick trips to the grocery store and drug store a breeze now .
 My friend got this as a shower gift . Her baby had a severe heart problem and had to visit the doctors frequently . She loved it because it was so light and worked so well . She recommended it to me . I love it . I had a c-section , so it was hard to lift one of those big systems . This stroller is so light and easy to operate and takes up much less room in the trunk .
 This product helps me a lot when my son was an infant.I love it for the following reasons :1 -RRB- It is very easy to use and very light weight . Just snap on any of your infant car seat .2 -RRB- Easy to store in the back of your trunk .3 -RRB- No hassle to transfer your sleeping baby from the car to the snap-n-go .4 -RRB- Enough basket storage for any of the mom and baby things.The down side : The buckle that secure the infant car seat with the stroller is very easy to break . I did with the car trunk door . Just be careful . Also , you have to buy other brand of rain hook even though it does not really fit in.All in all , the product is excellent and that is why I give 5 stars .
 I love this stroller . It 's light weight , and easy to handle . The car seat fits nicely on the top and there is a strap to put over the top of the car seat for added security . The basket on the bottom is large enough to hold my daughters diaper bag -LRB- which is very large -RRB- and my purse . It is much cheaper that a traditional travel system , I paid $ 110.00 for a car seat and this stroller combined . I would recommend this product to everyone .
 Definitely worth the 50 bucks ! So much lighter , smaller , and easier to manuever than a full stroller . I bought the matching metrolite stroller for my graco snugride infant seat and have n't even taken it out of the box yet . I love the snap and go !
 Before the baby came we bought a Graco stroller that the car seat could snap into . Problem was that the stroller was too large for the trunk of our car -LRB- and this was an average sized stroller -RRB- . I go places with my neighbor and her baby alot , now we just throw our two snap and gos in the trunk no problem . They both fit with room for purchases too . It 's so light weight I can whip it in and out of trunk easy . Now I save the other stroller for trips to the park , not errands in the car .
 The perfect solution for compact cars or an alternative for your second car .
 I really hated to spend the money for a travel system ! It just did not make good sense to me . I was not sure exactly what type of stroller I wanted and decided to wait until after I had baby and then decide ! Besides , there were irrestible sales on infant car seats too sweet to pass up ! I purchased my infant car seat and got the one I wanted . Then found this little contraption ! LOVE IT!I was able to keep this in the back of my mini-van . It folds flatter than a full stroller and is very light ! There is one latch on the side that keeps it locked together and this is an easy release . 1-2-3 it is out of the car , open , and ready for baby in the car seat.It has a strap that you can thread through the underside of the car seat for protection . It is kind of a pain but once you get the strap adjusted to your seat it is not that bad and definately worth the extra effort in terms of safety.The basket is huge and accommodated my extra super jumbo backpack/diaper bag . It will serve you very well for trips to the mall when you have many shopping bags.The wheels turn easily and swivel . You can take this anywhere!The brake mechanism is easy and effective.If you already own an infant car seat in blue this will give you the look of a travel system ! ... without the price!When Luca outgrew his infant car seat I was able to purchase the perfect strollers for him!This is the perfect solution if you do not want to be committed to an entire system and are looking for the flexibility of being able to choose a different stroller down the road .
 I returned to work 2 months after I had my son in December . I did n't see the need for a stroller right away . My friend let me borrow her snap and go and it has been the greatest . Since I travel on the subway , I am up and down stairs , escalators , in and out of cabs . The frame is so lightweight , that it enables me to carry it down the stairs without anyone helping me . The basket is an extra plus , its so large compared to some of the full size stroller baskets . I truly recommend this product for all moms . . It 's the best buy for the price !
 The baby trend car seat carrier is very lightweight , compact & easy to fold in & out when shopping alone . The basket is great to use unless you are doing alot of shopping . It is a smooth ride unless you take it in gravel or grass . I am going to miss this stroller when my son outgrows his infant carrier .
 I got this as a shower gift and I love it ! A friend lent us their car seat and base and we were thrilled that we could get something so basic to attach the seat to . I used this Snap N Go to death all summer long and logged many miles on it.It 's also lightweight enough for those times when the baby just wants you to hold him you can still maneuver it around with little effort.I still use it for shopping but unfortunately my guy will outgrow it soon . I loved the basket underneath for my diaper bag and the tray on the handle was perfect for my keys , cell phone and mini bottle of hand sanitizer . I would n't put drinks in the holders though because if you hit a bump or something it would fall right onto the baby -LRB- yes I had a couple of close calls ! -RRB- This stroller base is so worth every penny !
 We love this stroller ! We use it with the Graco Snugride with no problem . It fits fine ! This works so well on our bumpy sidewalks , brick roads and puts up with me throwing it in the trunk . I love how it folds up in one easy step . My 4 month old son is now growing out of it and I will miss this stroller so much ! Highly recommended for a first stroller where you can use it and abuse it !
 We bough an Eddie Bouer car seat which did n't fit into this carrier . Even when sales person assured us it 's universal , you really have to watch our what car seat you are getting . Now 8.5 months pregnant I have to run back and excange the car seat , but I 'm keeping the carrier because it 's very light and very easy to fold and unfold .
 I recently purchased the Baby Trend Snap N Go for my niece who is expecting her little one soon . My neice is small and petite and has a small car trunk . With that in mind I found this stroller along with the Graco Snugride to be a perfect match . I thought the handle was too high and the one hand fold mechanism worked just fine but is a bit clumsy to operate with small hands . My husband had no trouble putting this together and I think my niece will love it because it is light and not bulky .
 It appears the product was recently re-designed -LRB- the manufacturing date printed on the box was 6-1-05 -RRB- , because I did n't have any of the problems mentioned in any of the other reviews . The carrier was VERY easy to assemble , and the Snug Ride seat sits in the carrier very securely . I did n't have to use the BT bar or any of the other methods other reviewers mentioned.I compared this product with the new Graco carrier -LRB- which is designed specifically for the Snug Ride -RRB- , and I actually prefer the Snap-N-Go . It 's lighter , it 's more maneuverable -LRB- the wheels are larger and just seem to work better -RRB- , and the one hand collapse system is a big plus -LRB- you need two hands to collapse the Graco -RRB- .
 When we first saw the snap n go , we were very apprehensive about purchasing it after all of the reviews we read ... especially the ones about how it fit with the Graco Snug Ride car seats . Well , we bought it anyway and thanks to the suggestion in one of the reviews about not using the snap bar and just using the BT bar in position III we got our car seat to `` snap '' in and found it was very sturdy . Even without the straps attached , the car seat has very little give and does not come out . With the straps the thing does n't budge . We had no problem with the screws being stripped especially after moving the bars around 4-5 times . We love the stroller and look forward to using it .
 I love this stroller , the only problem is that I ca n't use it forever ! It is light weight , has a smooth ride and a great sized basket . I am so sorry my daughter is growing out of her infant seat . Would recommend it to anyone !
 LOVE IT !!!! Really made my life easier . At first i thought maybe we didnt need this -LRB- since we had a travel system -RRB- but i 'm so glad i registered for it !!! On many an occasion , I have been in and out of 5 stores all in one day 's worth of errands and it was very easy for me to use and more importantly , my baby -LRB- now 2 mths old -RRB- was very much undisturbed . It 's just that easy to take out of the trunk , snap the baby seat on there and GOGOGO ... I was really better off with this rather than hauling the Graco Metrolight out and putting the car seat in there . The SnapN ` Go is very lightweight and actually sits the car seat a bit lower so it 's easier to put the baby in . It 's also narrow enought to get in between smaller aisles and lightness helps you negotiate tight turns . The rubber -LRB- like ? -RRB- tires make for a really smooth ride also . They had squeeky issues in the beginning but a couple of shots of WD-40 took care of that , no problem . It has a decent sized basket perfect for quick trips , not for a good shopping day at the mall , if you know what i mean -LRB- when the entire stroller is no longer for the baby LOL -RRB- . We use this with our Graco SnugRide -LRB- 2002 model -RRB- and my hubby had NO problems following the directions to adjust for the particular model . The car seat snaps quite securely in it . I do n't understand the trouble some of these reviewers had . Frankly , i 'm puzzled . Maybe Graco fixed a typo ? Anyways , In my opinion , the SnapN Go is one of those xtra luxury items to own that makes traveling with baby just a bit more pleasant . Definitley a great purchase !!!! OH also forgot to mention LOVE the two cupholders it has on the parent tray ... two different sizes to accomodate 2 different sizes of cups ... Like the JetBlue of car seat carriers . Just what u need and nothing more ... but makes you very happy . I 'll be sad when my baby grows out of it ...
 This is the best thing for transporting infants . The first time i got the car seat/stroller set and I got into a huge fight with the stroller everytime i had to put it in the trunk . Forget about fitting in the isles of the supermarket , pharmacy or mall . This one is the best , with one hand i can unfold it and put it in the car . Use the strap for security .
 I bought the snap-n-go for our Graco Snug Ride infant car seat and it 's been fantastic . Some reviewers say that they had trouble getting the Graco Snug Ride to fit in the stroller -- I completely disagree and can only assume they 're installing it incorrectly . Ours fit like a glove . I am a designer and tried so many strollers / travel systems out before deciding to go with the snap-n-go . First of all , you ca n't beat the price , the weight and the ease of use . Yes , it does n't take bumps like a tougher stroller , but it does the job as far as running errands and getting in and out of the car quickly and easily . Then once the baby out grows the infant car seat , go for something like the Maclaren stroller that 's also lightweight , easy to fold and compact . These travel systems are for the birds ...
 Ok I Have the graco snug ride in the colby print which is a new model . my baby was born 9-2004 & i LOVE my snap n go . its true the snug ride DOES NOT SNAP IN BUT if positioned with the bars in place according to the instructions & strapped in with the two staps on the side nice & tight -LRB- what i do is place the car seat on the snap n go then i get the staps snap them together & tighten the staps REALLY TIGHT once the car seat is on -RRB- . Once you do that it wont move at all . i use mine all the time i use it on escalators at the mall , side walks , stores , etc. i really feel that just cause the snug ride doesnt snap in doesnt mean there isnt a way to secure it . its a wonderful product . you simply take the car seat & put it in . the baby never has to leave the seat & its very light , super easy to open & close . it also has a cup holder & a good size basket at the bottom . this definitely makes traveling with your baby when you are alone a very easy task .
 At first I was not sure if I wanted to use it . My friend got it for me as a gift and I thought it looks cheap . Plus I also have the Graco Travel system with a stroller . I started to use it , and let me tell you I wished I never second guessed this . It is awesome !!!! The stroller with the travel system is so heavy , I am not sure why they add -LRB- travel -RRB- because you are n't going to move it around once you feel the weight . With this stroller I did n't even want to leave the house because it was to much of a hassle , so I tried the snap and go . Now we go everywhere with this one and the other just sits in my house . The snap and go is so easy and very lightweight , I realize I would not be happy without this one !!! The Graco car seat fits fine in it , but depending on the manufacture date , you might have to call for the new settings for Graco infant seats . Great product !!
 While your child is in an infant seat , this is the best stroller there is . Forget travel systems . They stink by comparison.The basket is pretty decent size , it has drink holders for you , what 's not to love . It is very maneuverable and lightweight.I know Baby Bargains doesnt recommend it , but they were on crack when they wrote that section . There is nothing else that holds a candle to this while your child is in an infant carrier.if you are locking yourself in the house for the first 6 months of your child 's life then yeah , do n't buy this .
 I AM AN OWNER OF THE PEG PEREGO EXPLORER TRAVEL SYSTEM , AND I CA N'T STAND IT . UNTIL MY BABY IS OUT OF HIS INFANT CARSEAT I WILL HAVE NO USE FOR THIS STROLLER.I LOVE THE SNAP N ' GO BECAUSE IT 'S LIGHT AND VERY EASY TO CLOSE AND OPEN . I AM USING THE PRIMO VIAGIO CAR SEAT AND ALTHOUGH IS ONLY SITS ON TOP USING GRAVITY , THE BARS THAT IT SIT ON HAVE RUBBER ON IT AND IT SEEMS VERY UNLIKELY THAT THE CAR SEAT COULD FALL OFF . ACTUALLY AFTER DOING A SHOP AT THE MALL , I REALLY HAVE TO LIFT THE CAR SEAT VIGOROUSLY TO REMOVE IT FROM THE BARS BECAUSE THE RUBBER HOLDS IT SO SNUG.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE , BUT PARTICULARILY TO WOMEN WHO HAVE HAD C-SECTIONS , FOR 6-8 WEEKS YOU ARE NOT ALOUD TO LIFT ANYTHING HEAVY , NOR CAN YOU MOVE IN CERTAIN POSITIONS IN ORDER TO OPEN A REGULAR STROLLER . THE TRAVEL SYSTEMS ARE JUST TOO HEAVY AND AWKWARD!ALSO THE SNAP N ' GO HAS 2 CUP HOLDERS AS APPOSED TO MY EXPLORER THAT ONLY HAS 1 . AND THE BASKET UNDERNEATH IS INCREDIBLE FOR STORING MANY SHOPPING BAGS PLUS YOUR BABY BAG !!!! BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 This is the greatest addition to the baby world ... . most mothers of those over 5 are jealous that they did not have this !!
 We bought an extra base for the carseat , but switching the strollers , with my husband 's always present golf clubs in his trunk is a chore , especially with the cumbersome ` travel system ' stroller . This solves that problem by providing a highly portable version , that securely holds the infant seat . The price is right too!With the snap N go , he has a stroller too , and can use it until the baby is big enough to go in a conventional portable stroller.The wheels are sturdy and similar to the ones on my larger stroller and the basket is very convenient .
 I purchased this carrier to use with my Peg Perego infant carseat when we took our first flight after the baby was born . I use the bugaboo frog system primarily , however did not wish to have the bugaboo damaged when I checked it at the gate -LRB- it is an expensive system -RRB- . So , I checked the bugaboo in its padded travel case -LRB- accessory -RRB- as luggage , and used the Snap n Go to get us through the airport . It was a breeze to set up and take down , and the luggage handlers at the gate had it ready for me as we exited the plane . I would highly recommend purchasing this system if you have a bugaboo -LRB- or any other expensive or cumbersone travel system -RRB- , and use it for airplane travel . The next time I travel , I may leave the bugaboo home .
 We inherited a Graco Snug Ride infant car seat and bought this to use the car seat as a stroller . We live in an urban area and do n't have a lot of storage space , so an extra stroller was n't what we wanted.We found the Snap N Go to be extremely convenient -- switching the infant car seat from car to Snap N Go was really easy , and we were able to do it without waking the baby -LRB- very key ! -RRB- . In general , the baby can sleep in the infant car seat , so I would use this when the baby was younger than 3 months and would hit a major fussy period -- we 'd go for a walk and eventually she 'd fall asleep.The basket at the bottom is roomy enough to fit large items in there , and the stroller is relatively small and very maneuverable , which makes shopping with the baby easy . Also , the one-handed folding mechanism was handy , and it fit well in the back of our car -LRB- a standard wagon -RRB- . Many of my friends who have babies have used this system too , and also love it.Since our baby has outgrown infant car seats , we ca n't really use it any more , and had to graduate to a regular stroller and convertible car set -- though we really miss the days of the Snap N Go + infant car seat !
 I have an older model Snap and Go that I bought used . I followed the instructions on the Baby Trend web site for installing the Graco Snug Ride . At first it does n't seem to be secure at all , but if you tighten the seatbelt REALLY tight , it IS very secure !! Adjust the seatbelt before snapping it together so that it is a slight struggle to get it to snap shut . This puts the seat in just the right position so that the red hook on the carseat snaps tightly onto the stroller snap bar . When you are ready to pull the seat out , unhook the seatbelt and then pull the red release on the seat and seat unhooks from the stroller fairly easily .
 I registered for this item thinking it would be nice to have . I was so wrong !! It has been the best ever !! I had an emergency c-section and after being in the house I needed some fresh air . The carrier came with the stroller , which is way too big and bulky and way to heavy to be lifting !! The snap 'n go is perfect . It is light , easy to fit in the trunk and does not take up much space . It allows me to have the freedom to take my little girl out of the house while I continue to heal .
 This product may look lightweight and flimsy in the pictures but they are great sturdy items . I had all ready recieved both a car seat and a stroller which were not of the same brand so they could not be used as a travel system . All it took was one shopping trip with a one month old to try to find another solution without spending almost 100 extra dollars . I picked one of these Snap 'N Go carrier ups and was very pleased . It was easy to load up when I was by myself and could easily fit through shopping ailes . I would recommend this product to anyone .
 We live in the city and loved the easy fold , big basket , one handed steering option , parent tray and it 's light weight . Most babies will fall asleep in their car seat , so its 's easy to keep them in their seat and drop them into this carrier and keep them in the car seat . This carrier is less bulky , less expensive than a travel system . We live in the city and it handled well . Though the wheels are plastic and it 's not built as robust as a primary stroller , it 's a great first stroller option . We are now buying our primary stroller and are happy that we were n't locked into a travel system . Now we can buy the stroller tha best suits our changing needs and we 've saved money .
 I have the Peg Prego Primo Viaggio car seat . At first I thought the Snap N ' Go would not work with the Primo Viaggio but the website told us what adjustments to make to accommodate this model . The car seat does not snap in , in rests in the frame and the strap on the Snap N ' Go holds it in place.I have arthritis and struggle with heavy objects and hard to push buttons - this product is perfect . It is light weight and extremely easy to open and fold . A must have !
 I love this stroller ... so easy to assemble after purchase and then it was super handy for shopping trips , etc. . I use mine with the Graco Snugride seat and it snaps right in . I can take it out of the trunk or back seat and open it very easily while I am shopping . It beats a big travel system for sure -- not to mention it is a sturdy stroller for long walks.One of my favorite items .
 I read all the reviews on this carrier and really hesitated to buy it . People went on and on about it being difficult - maybe I have a newer model . I do n't know what people are talking about - it IS easy to use . I 've been using it for 6 months and I love it ! It 's so lightweight , the basket is big and it folds with one hand . I am unhappy to have to move to another stroller soon - I recommend this carrier !!!
 This is a great piece of equipment !! We love it because it is very lightweight , easy to open and close and it is quite compact . It goes everywhere our baby and her carseat go . It lives in our car for shopping excursions to stores that do n't have shopping carts or to restaurants that do n't have baby seats . It also goes to the baby sitter 's house every day . We love that when she rides in it we can look at her rather than a traditional stroller that faces away . While our baby was tiny and in a car seat this was a key item for us . We definitely got our money 's worth out of it !!
 This stroller frame is a great product . It is very easy to unfold and fold with one hand . It handles very smoothly on bumps and brick paths . The one negative is the cup holders are too shallow . I had a hot cider that spilled on the baby 's blanket thank god , and not her skin . So beware of putting any drink without a secure cap in the cup holder .
 This stroller is a such a great idea . It is very convenient to use and opens and closes easily . It is lightweight and very easy to push with one hand . My Graco Snugrider fits on it just fine although I adjusted the snap bar to the number 3 position . Just use your common sense . This stroller is a great price and I 'm sure will last until my son grows out of his car seat . A definite great buy .
 This is all about convenience , and that it is . It is light so it is easy to put in and out of car , the car seat clicks right in -LRB- we have the BabyTrend and it fits snugly -RRB- so baby is easily placed on frame without waking , folds easily -LRB- once you try it a few times -RRB- , it has a large basket so shopping is easy and has cupholders and tray for Mom which also make this nice . Only reason I gave it 4 stars is because it really is not an all around stroller . If you want to use this outdoors it is not so great . We have used this for walks outdoors and it works but bumpy . We are going to get an all-terrain for that but while baby is small and for easy terrain this stroller is the way to go .
 We did not want a big , bulky stroller . This stroller folds up compactly and was very durable . We loved this stroller . Definately worth the money .
 I love this stroller ! It 's so easy , I 'm kicking myself for not getting it as soon as my daughter was born ! For 3 months I lugged around her car seat on my arm , until my friends suggested a car seat carrier . I looked at several choices on line , and I liked the Snap 'n' Go because it was so simple ! It was easy to set up , and is so easy to use . With the touch of a button , it folds in half and stores easily in my car . It 's just as easy to open up , and it holds everything I need . The built-in cup holder on the handles is great , and the deep storage pocket under the car seat frame is large enough to store a full sized diaper bag ! This was one of my best purchases .
 Excellent - much better than a bulky travel system . And it does fit the Graco SnugRide very safely - that 's what my daughter is in . One tip - always use the safety strap to secure the seat . Otherwise , if you are removing bulky items from the basket below , it could tip the seat . -LRB- This never happened - but I noticed that it potentially might . -RRB-
 I put on my registry a carseat/stroller combination . I got it for my shower . However , once I tried to use the carrier with the stroller it came with , I found it way too bulky , heavy and did n't seem to fit correctly together . Having just had a c-section , I could n't lift anything heavy , so the stroller was useless . This was depressing , because I knew the combination was expensive , and I liked it.When I went to the doctor 's office , I saw another lady with the snap-n-go stroller with her carseat on top . I went and bought it at babysrus . This was the best investment I have made . It fits fine with my evenflo carseat , and it 's very light weight and easily folds up to fit in my small SUV.I recommend this purchase to everyone who is having a baby . Do n't get the stroller/carseat combinations . Just buy a good carseat by itself , and make sure it fits ok with the snap-n-go , and buy that .
 I have tried all kinds of strollers , both for singletons and twins and this is best by FAR ! I have a Graco Snugride Carseat and it was easy to configure the stroller frame for use with my seat . If you can read and follow directions , its a snap ! The seat fits securely and I have no trouble with it at all . The stroller frame is lightweight , easy to open and close , fits easily in the car , maneuvers like a dream ! Most of the travel systems are bulky , heavy and hard to stear ! I wish I would have had this product when I had my first two children ! It was always such a pain in the past to mess with a stroller that I never used the ones I had and sold them all in yard sales ! This one goes with me everywhere and makes me want to use it because its easy to push and fits everywhere ! Definately buy this over a travel system !
 The Snap 'N Go is convenient , lightweight and easy to use . We have the Baby Trend car seat and it works great with this stroller . It folds easily and fits in the trunk of our small station wagon . We use it for shopping , mostly , and it has fantastic manueverability , a smooth ride , and a great big basket ! Do n't buy a huge travel system - just get your car seat and this stroller . Of course , you 'll need another stroller once your child outgrows the infant car seat - but for the price , it 's a great value - we 've gotten 6 months use out of it so far , with an average-size baby .
 I orginally purchased this stroller because the Graco I used with my first child would not fit in the trunk of my new car , but this one fit perfect with room to spare , and the new car is a MUSTANG . . That 's right this stroller fits in the trunk of a sports car . I have never had a problem with it -LRB- although while I was shopping for it , the competetors verson 's wheel fell of right there in the store , and I put it right back on the shelf , after complaining of course -RRB- . It is sooo light weight , and folds down sooo easy . And so many other mothers have eyeballed it and then had to approach me to find out what it was , and where I got it so they could go buy one too.I love it so much more than the Graco stroller I bought to go with the car seat originally .
 This product was initially a little worry some for me due to the flimsy looking mechanism of the product . But snce using it I find this stroller to be a wonderful addition to my Graco Car seat . I have an 8 day old son and it allows for me to move him from the car to the stroller with ease . Furthermore , my wife who has just given birth is not burden by the additional weight of the more expensive and heavier travel systems , which really are uneccessary during the early months of childs a development . I would recommend this product to all mothers for its convinience , light weight and easy to handle folding system .
 Nothing beats the peace of knowing your newborn is sleeping comfortably and you do not have to wake them . This thing opens and folds in a jif and is literally a SNAP N GO !! Babies nap time is never interupted and your life is simplifed for a short while :-RRB- The basket is big enough to hold small light items . -LRB- Some people complain about this but let 's be real it is a stoller basket not a shopping cart for you !! -RRB- Assembly is absolutely a breeze and really does take 10-15 mins . It is very sturdy item too . This is one of those peace of mind gadgets and a must have so I strongly recommend it . .
 I registered for this after some advice from other moms who had the travel systems . They told me this was much easier to use . They were right . It is very light and easy to put in and take out of your trunk ... even in a small car like mine . The large basket and tray are very convenient . The only thing that was a little difficult was understanding the directions , but you ca n't have everything right ? I just had to read the directions a few times in order to figure out how to assemble it .
 We got this snap n ' go after talking to other parents about the travel systems . The travel systems just sounded too heavy and cumbersome . We 've been using the snap n ' go for 51/2 months now and I just love it . It is easy to use , lightweight , fits easily in the trunk of my car and has an enormous basket for holding diaper bag , blanket , toys , my purse , and shopping bags/groceries . I can open it and close it with one hand . I 'll be very sad when our little one grows out of her infant seat and I have to move to a regular stroller . This product has been extremely valuable to us !
 We purchased the Baby Trend Latch-Loc infant seat for our daughter and a friend told us we should get this stroller frame . I have to admit it is a lifesaver ! It is so lightweight but very sturdy . It 's easy to set up and wonderful for all those quick trips to stores . I highly recommend it .
 My son is 2 now , but I have a couple friends with upcoming showers and this instantly came to mind for both . Having had a c-section , the first couple weeks were a little tough and this was so easy to open and operate . I ca n't imagine having gone without it . I Highly recommend it .
 One of my favorite gifts I got at my showers ! Its light , handles extremely well , inexpensive and can be reused again and again with different car seats . Highly recommend it !
 Being a first time mom , I thought it was imperative to own an expensive travel system . I 'm glad I did n't waste the money . Most experienced Mom 's will tell you that they really do n't care for the travel systems because they are so bulky and heavy . The Snap N Go is perfect . It 's lightweight , maneuvers smoothly between aisles and narrow spaces , and it folds up with one hand . It 's better than the lightest travel system . Once you try it , you will fall in love with it ! Ask anyone who owns the Snap N Go .
 love this infant seat carrier so much light not bulky easy to maneuver quick to assemble will definitely recommend this item
 This stroller is awesome ! My sister first recommended this to me insisting that it was better to have a light stroller vs. a heavy bulky stroller like she had when her son was born . I was hesitant at first , but when we put the thing together -LRB- it took a little while to figure out the instructions -RRB- and started using it - it works great . It is very lightweight and easy for travel . I would highly recommended it .
 This is one of the best baby items I ever registered for and received . It fits absolutely perfect with our Latch Loc infant seat . It 's sturdy and rides incredibly smooth . Add it to your registery and if you do n't get it as a gift - buy it !
 We LOVED this universal stroller . It was one of the smartest items we put on our registry . The basket is huge and extremely accessible . It folds up and down so easily that I still ca n't believe it . When Jenna outgrew her infant car seat , I was so sad because that meant we would n't be using this anymore.We were n't happy with any of the choices of travel systems out there , which is why we went the route of the stroller frame . For a permanent stroller , we wanted something high-quality and lightweight , and so settled on a Peg . But there was no way we wanted the corresponding Peg infant carrier -- too pricey for the marginal safety ratings . So we went with the BT Latch Loc , and used this Snap N Go until she outgrew her infant carrier seat .
 This is a great stroller for when the baby is in the carrier , it 's easy to get together , maneuvers well and it 's light ! The basket underneath holds a lot of stuff . We used it until our son was out of his carrier , it 's a great value .
 I have found the Snap n Go to be extremely convenient while shopping ! The lightweight frame folds and unfolds easily ; the carseat snaps in quickly and the straps wrap around it for extra support , and the bin underneath holds more than my expensive Peg-Perego . I would not , however , recommend the Snap n go for a neighborhood walk . I find that it does not do well on bumpy sidewalks and it is not adjustable , so you should have a regular carriage for the neighborhood strolls . Even though you can only use it while the baby is in the infant seat , I think that the snap n go is well worth every penny for the quick convenience it supplies .
 We used the Snap N Go with our son from birth to 4 or 5 months when he outgrew his infant car seat . It 's so easy to set up and use , plus it 's huge basket and double cup holders make this a stroller you will truly love . I was sad when we had to put this away and `` graduate '' to a real stroller!We used this with our Baby Trend Latch Loc car seat . The frame felt secure and solid , and we never worried about our son 's safety . The fabric belt adds extra security and safety . This stroller frame is very lightweight and easy to maneuver.I will be using this with our next child , for sure !
 A must have for any mom that loves to shop and be on the go ! I ended up purchasing after my son was about 5-6 months and I was tired of always taking the stroller just for buzzing around town . This is so easy and convenient I would recommend to anyone !
 I got this as a baby shower gift -LRB- that I had n't registered for -RRB- and am I glad that someone else had the sense to buy it for me . I have used this thing everyday on all terrains - long walks near the beach , the mall -LRB- in-door/outdoor -RRB- , on dirt and gravel . I 've taken it on a trip to Canada and everywhere inbetween . It is sturdy , a smooth ride , has a HUGE basket , great mommy cup/key holder and folds down with one hand.It 's the BEST money anyone spent on me for my shower and I would recommend it to anyone that uses a baby carrier but does n't want to have to bring the entire `` system '' because of the weight/bulk .
 In response to one of the negative reviews ... I have a Graco infant car seat -LRB- and it is not the one that is made for the Snap N Go -RRB- and it fits the carriage perfectly . My husband and I love this product . It is so simple and lightweight . We have a big Peg Perego carriage as well but have only used that one a handful of times as the Snap N Go is just SO CONVENIENT .
 Phew , I 've just assembled my Snap n Go , and being 8 months pregnant it was a little irritating -LRB- but then everything is right now ! -RRB- . I have to say though once it 's up and running I 'm more impressed with it than I thought I would be . I 've got the Peg Perego Primo Viaggio car seat in Newport -LRB- navy blue -RRB- and it looks awesome ! The Venezia stroller cost me $ 350 and I 'm thinking `` oh my God , I hope I will use it ! `` The Snap n Go is going to be great for running quick errands and getting around the mall , and I ca n't wait to use my ` real ' stroller for nice long walks.I would definately recommend this especially if your car seat matched color ! -LRB- Graco makes it 's own model but it 's black -RRB- .
 This is a `` MUST HAVE '' for any parent with an infant seat ! I purchased this for a trip to Disney World . The idea of having to pick up then lay down my infant all day long in 90 degree plus weather was almost as umbareable as the thought of the heat ! Doing the infant seat `` Pass off '' to family members was a bad thought also !!! This stroller is wonderful ... not only for themed parks but for malls , outside strip malls , everywhere . It took some time to get my Graco sugride positions as the direction show you have to put it in the top hole near the bend ... CALL BABY TREND !!! The positions are incorrect . It 's OK where the olds ones are if you have it there already , they said , but the new position is easier to get !!! You get all the transportation you need without disturbing your sleeping baby ... Enough said !
 I actually * am * one of those moms who bought a fancy travel system , but I ended up sticking it in the closet and using this stroller most of the time ! It is SO much more convenient . Initially , I bought the Snap 'n Go just for travel -LRB- to accomodate the car seat provided by the rental car company -RRB- , but I loved it so much I kept using it at home . I can grab it out of my trunk and it literally falls open ready to go -LRB- do n't worry , there is a clip to keep it closed for when you need it ! -RRB- . So incredibly easy . Do n't underestimate how much you will appreciate having
 I have a two month old and have found this to be one of the best baby items . It is so light-weight and works well with the Graco infant seat . The turning radius is so wonderful that I can spin around completely in the middle of a narrow JoAnn 's aisle ! This is great alternative to a bulky travel system ... and less expensive .
 This was such a great product . The travel systems are too heavy -LRB- especially after a C-section -RRB- . I wanted a better stroller than the travel system offer also , so this seemed like a viable alternative for the car seat . It was . The seat snaps in easily and the basket in the bottom is huge .
 This item is worth every penny !!! Have it w / the graco snap n go and it really is fantastic !!! there 's no need to buy any other stroller until they get too big for their carrier ... really easy to use , cart in and out of the car , not too heavy ... only drama was the poorly written instructions and a little plastic part was broken when we got it , but it assembled nicely ... just take your time and you 'll get it together ...
 I love this stroller ! It may not be as fancy as some others but it is so compact and lightweight ! My only complaint is that the red plastic buttons used to collapse it are a little hard to squeeze and I wish it had a little bigger storage basket . There 's so much to carry when you have a diaper bag and shopping bags , and coats ! I 've seen other brands with bigger baskets but babies r us only had this brand . But the price is unbeatable . I 'm so glad I got this type of car seat carrier .
 Do n't get a travel system -- this stroller frame beats them all hands down . It is by far one of our favorite baby gear items . It works great with our infant carrier -LRB- Graco Snugride -RRB- , and it is a cinch to get in and out of the trunk -LRB- plus it does n't take up that much room ! -RRB- . I have friends that struggle with huge travel system strollers ... why would you want that ? I can unfold and lock this frame with one hand , it maneuvers like a dream , and the basket is large and very easily accessible . Most importantly my son is safe and secure . We also have a larger stroller for when he gets bigger which we 've used a couple of times , but we went back to using this because it was so much easier ! I am going to miss it once my son outgrows his infant carrier . -LRB- We did have a little problem , but it was our own fault -- we cracked the safety strap buckle . I called Baby Trend and they had replacement straps to us in about 2 days at no charge . That in itself was great as we use this frame practically everyday ! -RRB-
 This stroller frame is easy to use , light , folds nicely , has a big storage basket and navigates well . I highly recommend getting this to use with your infant carrier vs. a travel system .
 I love this stroller . It 's lightweight & easy to use . The handle is at a great height - no hunching over for this one . I 'm just sad that my little guy is a half inch away from outgrowing his carseat and wo n't be using this much longer.I chose this because I was indecisive about what kind of stroller I would want to use . Now I know what features I like in a stroller and can buy the right model for the longer haul .
 I had gotten the snap n go with my first child loved it easy to snap in the infant car seat easy to go . Large basket can put alot of stuff inside it . It 's very light weight . I now had my daughter still using the same snap n go as I did with my first . My daughter is 8months and she 's still in it . I hate to let it go pretty soon .
 This thing is a God send ! No more having to wake up your sleeping infant to put them in a stroller . No more lugging around the big stroller ! It 's awesome . Highly rec !
 It is very convenient . unfortunately I use it only for 4 months because my son outgrew his infant seat . the only thing i did not like was the cup holder .
 This stroller is absolutely awesome ! It is so lightweight and easy to maneuver in tight places with only one hand . I can also collapse it into my trunk with one hand.When meeting another new mom at the park for a walk , I was in and out of my car in a flash , while she was still trying to heave her heavy travel system in the back of her minivan!I have a subaru forester and when the snap n go is in my trunk I can still fit all my groceries in the back trunk also.A MUST buy ! Do n't waste your money on expensive travel systems . Go get a nice lightweight umbrella stroller when baby outgrows the infant seat !
 We received an amazing travel system as a shower gift and use it in my husband 's car , which has ample trunk space for the stroller . But when it came to a `` system '' for my Mustang , we needed something that would fold small enough to fit in it 's narrow trunk opening . The Snap-N-Go was a Godsend , since it works with both the carseat we got for my car , and if necessary , with the carseat from my husbands travel system ! It 's easy to maneuver and folds with one hand - and I highly recommend it if you ca n't do two travel systems !
 1 . Ignore Snap-n-Go instructions for Graco Sugride2 . Remove Snap Bar - throw it away .3 . Secure BT bar in position #IIIThe lever at the bottom of the Snugride carrier should snap into the BT bar .4 . Depress the lever -LRB- on my carrier it is red -RRB- on the bottom of the carrier to remove.That 's it .
 I really and truly love my Snap 'N Go infant carseat carrier -LRB- which I purchased for $ 39 before the birth of my son 2 years ago -RRB- . I do n't know how I would have gotten along without it . I have purchased several since for friends and relatives ' showers.However , I must agree with the `` Enthusiast from New York '' review , Baby Trend Customer Service is NOT very friendly at all . They make great products , of which I have many and which I have recommended to friends/family . But I must admit when I contact them directly regarding a cover for my Baby Trend double jogging stroller , I was quite take back at the unfriendly and unhelpful attitude.I would guess the lesson learned is `` sometimes you get what you pay for . '' I will definitely think twice before I purchase any further Baby Trend products . Aftercare/customer service is very important to me too !! Hopefully you will pass this along to Baby Trend Co. .
 I can not say enough good things about this product . When I had my daughter I received a big old hand-me-down Graco stroller from a relative , but hated trying to get it all situated when I just needed to run in the store for something . It was the old kind that the carrier did n't snap into , but I did n't want to get one of those big bulky systems , either . Then a friend told me about the Snap 'N Go , and I ca n't tell you how happy I am !!! It was so easy to assemble , easy to figure out how to adjust the bars , and SUPER lightweight ... very comparable to an umbrella stoller in weight . I would just lift the carrier out of the car and right into this , it 's so easy ! It also rides VERY well , and the basket in the bottom is so large , I can even go to the grocery store for small trips.The best thing is that it saves you so much money over buying one of the -LRB- bulky -RRB- travel systems . Once my daughter outgrew -LRB- at about 6 months old -RRB- , I just bought a cheap-o stroller without all the bells and whistles , which did the job for another six months until she was big enough for an umbrella stroller.This is now the gift I give at every baby shower I attend ... whether the mother has registered for it or not ! I now use it for my son .
 If you 're having a baby , or buying a gift for a mom-to-be . THIS IS IT ! I had 4 strollers & 2 kids . More often I went for my Snap 'n go , than the traditional bulky thing , or the double traditional bulky thing . When the kids got too big for the snap-n go they were big enough for an umbrella stroller . I LOVED it . It was easy , lightweight , I could use it even when recovering from C-sections . It was by far , hands down , my favorite baby gear item .
 I love this infant seat carrier . Its so easy to move . very lightweight but also very sturdy , works very well with my Graco carseat .
 Along with others trying to fit the Graco snug ride car seat , we experienced the same frustrations with getting the seat to fit into the `` I '' setting . After an hour of fighting to get the screws to fit it , we discovered that the snap bar was assembled incorrectly from the factory . The bar was assembled backwards and the buttons to change the position of the bar to 1-5 were on the inside vs. the outside . We took the snap bar back to Babies R Us and showed them the problem and exchanged the bar for another snap bar that was assembled correctly . Once we discovered the problem . it took us an additional 10 minutes to complete the assembly and the car seat fits securely into the snap n go . We have a few more weeks before our new arrival , but this is now one thing we can take off our `` To Do List '' ...
 When we found out we were having triplets , we like all other multiple parents bought a stroller to accommodate all the babies . The stroller is so large that we can not even fit it into a mini van . We have to purchase a large SUV or Full size van to go anywhere.We bought the Latch Lock carriers from baby trend and we just love them . When we saw the stroller that went along with them . We decided to order the Double Snap N Go.The stroller comes all put together , you just need to snap on the wheels . Then comes the fun part . The stroller is made for many different brands of carriers . You find the carrier you are using in the instruction manual and then you remove bars or rearrange them to fit your carrier . It is very simple and all the parts are well labeled.The carriers just snap on to the top , just like when you snap them into the base that is in the car . There is a strap that goes over the lower half of the carrier to prevent it from rocking or coming off the stroller . It is great because you do not have to unsnap your baby from the car seat and them snap them into the stroller . No need to transfer toys and blankets from car seat to stroller . What a time saver.It is very light weight and easy to set up . I pull it out of the trunk and just snap and lock it into place . I then just snap the carriers in place and we are off . It takes up the same amount of room that a normal single travel system would take up.For all you shoppers out there . I took the stroller into a women 's clothing store and was able to easily navigate the store . The stroller handles very well . The front wheels are adjustable . You can set them for straight ahead or let them rotate.Because we have 3 babies , we easily become a tourist attraction . The stroller handles so well that I was able to move swiftly and accurately through spectators and display racks.We love the Double Snap N Go so much that we have asked for the Single Snap N Go for our Baby Shower .
 I had the huge `` Travel System '' from Graco with my first baby . It was bulky and heavy ... I gave it away , I did n't have room in my van or garage to store it . Then I found the perfect stroller , the snap and go ! I bought the baby Trend car seat with the thought of also getting the Baby Trend `` Sit n Stroll '' but it was out of stock when I wanted to buy it ... so with a newborn at almost 10 pounds at birth and a 3 year old boy I need something QUICK ! I discovered the snap and go and it is wonderful ! The huge basket is perfect for everything we could ever need during the day and then some . The parent tray is perfect -LRB- although the left side for drinks is very small ... only the sippy cup fits , buts thats ok -RRB- It folds nearly flat for storage , weighs less than 16 pounds and folds with one hand . It really does not get better than this ! Also because it can carry so many different car seats it will be much easier to keep longer ... ie , in the future if we wanted a newer car seat , the stroller is still able to hold it ! I would buy it again in a heart beat !
 This is the second Snap and Go we 've owned , we had the older style in 2000 with the Graco Snugride for our first two daughters and with our third expected this month we got a new Graco Snugride carseat and a new Snap n Go . I am fairly positive the instructions on using with the Snugride are WRONG . I also assembled the stroller according to the instructions and could literally push the carseat easily off the frame down towards the basket . I was so disappointed as the Snap and Go has GOT to be my all time favorite piece of baby equipment and I was determined to use it.So I decided to move the bar around and see if I could find a better fit . Sure enough , if you move the snap bar down to position number two and the movable piece on that bar to what appears to be position number four you 've got a perfect fit ! I plan on calling the company and letting them know I believe they have the wrong positions listed ... this really is the best stroller option while your baby is in a carseat , I could not live without it !!!
 What a great product ! It 's lightweight , easy to fold and works with the Peg Perego infant seat . Although , I do recommend adding an additional crossbar -LRB- 3 total -RRB- to make the seat sit more securely on the frame . I am very happy with this stroller and am glad I did not purchase a travel system . This has all the features I need and is not expensive .
 I bought the snap-n-go for our Graco Snug Ride infant car seat and it 's been fantastic . Some reviewers say that they had trouble getting the Graco Snug Ride to fit in the stroller -- I completely disagree and can only assume they 're installing it incorrectly . Ours fit like a glove . I am a designer and tried so many strollers / travel systems out before deciding to go with the snap-n-go . First of all , you ca n't beat the price , the weight and the ease of use . Yes , it does n't take bumps like a tougher stroller , but it does the job as far as running errands and getting in and out of the car quickly and easily . Then once the baby out grows the infant car seat , go for something like the Maclaren stroller that 's also lighteaight , easy to fold and compact . These travel systems are for the birds ...
 We had purchased the Eddie Bauer Travel System and had to return it when we found it would n't fit in our trunk . It did n't even come close . It was a mammoth piece of equipment and was very heavy . Travel Systems are a great idea , but they are probably only good for people with Mini Vans or SUV 's . But we have a '97 firebird . So , of course , I was very excited when I came across the Snap 'N Go . It is the perfect alternative to the large Travel Systems . Following other reviewers advice , we purchased the Baby Trend infant car seat and it fits perfectly !! It snaps on very securely and has the extra belt support . I 'm not due until mid May , but I know this is going to be my favorite baby purchase . Do n't listen to the bad reviews . I highly recommend it , even if you have room for a large Travel System . What 's really nice is that the directions include specific instruction on how to use many different types of infant car seats . So , if you have an infant car seat other than the Baby Trend , if should fit securely as well.It is now mid July and my little bundle is now 9 weeks old . I still love the Snap N Go . It is light , so convenient and is VERY manuverable . Highly recommend !
 This is one of the best baby products I purchased for Baby . We received the Graco travel system and truly loved the carseat , but the stroller was so big and bulky . I would tote his carseat around by hand , just to avoid pulling out the stroller . When I saw someone at the post office using the lightweight Snap N Go -LRB- as I was trying to balance Baby AND all my Christmas packages ! -RRB- , I could n't resist buying it . It is so light and portable , has a convenient storage basket and cup holders , folds down SOOOO easily with one hand , AND is extremely easy to spin and wheel through doorways with one hand . As any mother knows , the importance of anything that can be done single-handedly is unparalleled and worth almost any amount of money ! My son is starting to sit up and he now prefers to sit in his big stroller , but for the months that he was limited to the carseat , the Snap N Go was a lifesaver !
 This is one of the best purchases we made with our first child . Still going strong after 3 babies ! Lightweight , folds flat easily with one hand , very sturdy . Great if you are in & out of the car a lot - does n't wake the baby . This stroller has been everywhere with us -LRB- beach , park , store , school , airport , etc -RRB- . Highly recommended .
 I just love this stroller . I drive a full size truck with little storage room . This stroller folds nicely so I can place it in the backseat . There is no way I could fit a traditional stoller in my truck . It is also so light , you wo n't mind pulling it in and out numerous times each day . The underneath storage is perfect for small grocery shopping , or a mall excusion . I also like not having to wake my daughter when I go shopping . Just unlock her from the carseat base and into the stroller ... and away we go . A MUST HAVE !!!!!!
 I would highly recommend this product ! It is light weight for those who have back problems , and SUPER easy to use ! Folds easily and is very compact ! The only thing i dont like is the basket . We have a Graco carrier , and when placed in the Snap N Go , the basket is blocked ! You 'd have to lift the carrier out of the way to get to the contents in the basket - What a hassle ! Best thing to do is just to hang a diaper bag . The cup holders are great though . All in all , the product is still worth having and the price is very reasonable .
 I thought I 'd write a short review as I have a friend who owns one nd I WISH I had gotten one instead of my ` big ' stroller . I got a system-stroller -LRB- the kind you can put a car-seat in or use as a stroller -RRB- , and it was nice , but it just did not get used much . My shopping-cart cover is what sees the most wear & tear ! One of these snap & go jobs would have been GREAT and I would have spent $ 50 instead of $ 80 for about the same thing ! It has all you want while your little one is in an infant car seat , AND you will find that as your baby gets bigger , you might change your mind about the kind of ` long-term ' stroller you would like . I found I needed a double stroller as I ended up with another baby in 15 mos ! Or you may find you will desire a jogger , or just an umbrella stroller later . The point is , this is perfect as a first stroller and for those on a budget it 's a great option - not to mention that you wo n't have to tote a heavy big stroller just to carry your car seat-bound baby !
 I do n't know if the previous posters who say it does n't work with the Snugride have an older version of the Snap N Go or what . -LRB- I see some reviews from ' 04 , so possibly -RRB- . But I bought my Snap N Go in May of 2006 , put it together in minutes and my Snugride did , indeed , snap right on.No matter what , you need the strap to secure the carseat ... of ANY brand . That is what the directions say.With the Snugride , it is very secure . I love the lightweight nature of the stroller -LRB- so much better compared to the bulky travel system we have as well -RRB- . It folds down with one hand and I can put it in my cargo area of my 5 door hatch back with room to spare . This is one of my favorite baby purchases . I will be sad the day my baby outgrows his infant seat and I have to use a bulkier stroller : -RRB-
 I am using this product with a Graco SnugRide carseat . The Snap-n-Go was a shower gift -LRB- great price ! -RRB- and I 've been delighted . It took me about 30 minutes to configure for our car seat . It is very light , easy to fold and stow even in the trunk of a compact car . The basket is generously sized ; I have used it at the grocery and hardware store or mall . Stroller is stable on hilly sidewalks -LRB- and brakes are reliable -RRB- , and very maneuverable in store aisles . I ca n't think of a downside , except that baby will grow out of it in another month .
 I bought this before Graco came out with their own version and had NO PROBLEM following the instructions and using it with my Graco Snugride CarSeat.My only complaint was that the drink holder popped off a few times , but that was n't a big deal to me . It 's SO light and SO easy to use . A great product !
 WHAT A BACKSAVER ! THIS PRODUCT IS LIGHT AND EASILY PORTABLE . I HAVE USED IT FOR EVERYTHING AND HAVE NOT EVEN TOUCHED MY TRAVEL SYSTEM . MY DAUGHTER IS NOW 2 MONTHS AND I WILL USE IT UNTIL I CA N'T USE IT ANYMORE . IT IS PERFECT FOR RUNNING IN AND OUT OF STORES AND I EVEN WALK AROUND MY NEIGHBORHOOD WITH IT . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS ITEM ! IT IS A MUST-HAVE !
 I made the mistake of thinking I did n't need this when my son was born . After lugging my stroller around twice after my c-section , -LRB- great Graco stroller but heavier with infant car seat -RRB- , I learned I needed to start out slowly . This Snap 'N Go allowed me to take little strolls without straining myself after my surgery . My son is 3.5 moz now and I am still using it . I will continue to use it until he grows out of his Infant Car Seat . The basket underneath is fantastic . I have done a moderate grocery shopping with it and some of the bars which hold the infant car seat can accomodate a few more light items by hooking the shopping bags on , though I 'm sure it is not recommended that you load up the front for fear it may tip over .
 This stroller is so easy to use , I could even fold and unfold it when I was 9 months pregnant . Considering I 'm a very small lady , and was in a lot of pain during the last part of my pregnancy -LRB- due to my huge baby -RRB- , that 's saying a LOT . My husband has been very impressed with this item as well . It turns easily , but the wheels are big enough not to get stuck in gravel or grass . Plus , I got to choose the carrier I wanted . I love not having a bulky stroller to push around or try to shove into the back of my small car . Definitely a great buy !
 We absolutely LOVE the Snap 'N Go and highly recommend it to anyone looking for a stroller . It 's very easy to use and extremely light . I love it b/c I can use it when we go for walks or run errands . It 's not a hassle to carry around and it fits in a small trunk very easily . The infant seat literally `` snaps '' right in and is very secure . I do , however , think that it works best with the Baby Trend infant carrier and not well with others . We have friends who originally purchased the Graco Snugride to use with the Snap N Go , but it just did n't seem secure at all ... very wobbly . They ended up switching car seats and are much happier.I can understand people wanting a stroller that grows with your child , but the travel systems are so cumbersome and this is SO easy to use . We have a lightweight stroller to use when we want to use something other than the Snap N Go and it works just fine.This is , by far , the best item that we registered for .
 I got this as a baby shower gift and was told by many that I should return it and get one that would grow with the baby . I am Very glad that I did not take their advice . My child was born in the middle of the winter and it was so nice not to have to take her out of her car seat and place her into a stroller . I would recomend this type of stroller for any new or soon to be parents . I have had many parents ask me about it while I 'm out running errands and so many have said that they wanted to go get one.It is extremely easy to use and as a single mom I can handle it very easily and it it a life saver no to have to wake a sleeping child . It folds and unfolds very easily and I did n't have much trouble assembling it . I did have to ask a friend for some help but she was able to look at the instructions and go you have that piece backwards -LRB- maybe due to slep depervation or being a true blond on my part I was unable to see that -RRB- Once I turned the piece around it was ready to go . The sraps are an added saftey feature that I hate to say , but I have only used once . Once the seat is snaped into place it will not release until you pull the release on the back of the car seat . And yes I did almost tip it over once while trying to push through hard packed snow and the car seat stayed put even without the straps attached . I was a bit frazzeld but my baby acted like nothing out of the ordinary happened.I would highly recommend it to anyone . I have been using it for 7 months now and am going to miss it very shortly when she outgrows her carseat . -LRB- I do have 4 other friends that are trying to outbid one another to get it next -RRB- . It has made my life much easier .
 We bought a Graco Sung Ride infant seat and the Snap and Go stroller instead of the traditional Travel System . Not only did we save money , we saved the bulk of that huge travel stroller . The Snap and Go Stroller is so easy to use - follow the instructions for placing the bars in accordance with whatever brand of infant seat you use . The basket is huge - you wo n't find one this large on a traditional stroller . We were so sad when our son outgrew his infant seat and this stroller went into the garage for baby # 2 . We got about 51/2 months of use on the product and it was worth every penny .
 I decided on this stroller after watching my friend lug her travel system in and out of the car - this stroller is perfect ! I am able to take both baby in the carseat and the stroller out to the car at the same time ! It is very easy to fold/unfold and is literally a snap to put the carrier in . The only bad thing is that it is not made for bumpy city sidewalks , but that is what jogging/all terain strollers are for !
 Loved this stroller . My friends are envious . It is lightweight , easy to use , manuevers great with one hand , folds with one hand . I love it ... love it love it . Only bad point ... the cup holders suck , but I like using it for chapstick , cell phone and sunglasses .
 This is a great stroller ! It is so light weight and makes turning in narrow store isles so easy . One fold system makes it so nice to take out of trunk and out into trunk . I am going to miss the stroller when she reaches the 20lb weight limit and I ca n't use it anymore . I just love it !!!
 I own 4 strollers and I pine for the days when I could use the Snap 'N Go Infant car seat carrier . It was so easy and convenient . It folded easily and quickly . Also , it folder very flat and easily fit into our trunk . It had all the features you needed including a nice roomy basket . I recommend this stroller to anyone who will listen !!! You will not be disappointed .
 I love the Snap n ' Go and would recommend it to anyone . It 's so light and easy to use and you ca n't beat the price . It 's a great alternative to bulky , expensive travel systems . It has a convenient storage basket and a useful parent tray -LRB- deeper cup holders would be helpful -RRB- . We are so bummed that he has owtgrown the infant carrier and we have to give up or Snap n ' Go . We are struggling with what to do next for a stroller .
 there is a little strap that is kind of a pain for strapping the car seat into the stroller . other than that i love it.it rides well and works good for a 6 foot person . We took it to Australia with us and it seemed to survive the 8 different plane rides it went on with not trouble . After about 2.5 months it is still in good working order . The basket on the bottom is great and the cupholders and tray keep everything i need .2 things i would improve are the strap -LRB- they may use a strap because it fits lots of different seats -RRB- and i would put a cover on the tray between the cup holders .
 We had not registred for this but a friend who saw that we were registered for an `` infant '' car seat -LRB- that pops in/out of base for carrying -RRB- said that this was a must have . In terms of portability - it is very light and very manuverable -LRB- can steer with one hand -RRB- . Once assembled - it is very easy to set up and get the baby in/out quickly . Makes trips to the store easy . We returned our other stroller once we received this as a gift . We will be sad to see it go when our son grows out of his infant car seat .
 It is so helpful that I can just take the infant carrier out of the car and snap it on without exposing my daughter to the cold . Folds easily and takes up very little space in my trunk .
 This stroller is great and does the job quite well . I paired this up with a falcon infant car seat carrier shoulder strap at -LRB- ... -RRB- which is the next best thing if you do not want to mount the car seat to the stroller for a quick stop or if the place has stairs in such .
 I love this stroller . It is so light weight and very easy to manuver . It ' a a perfect addition to the Expedition LE Jogging Travel System .
 I bought this stroller because I hated the idea of having to lug around one of those enormous and cumbersome `` travel systems . '' While it 's true that I 'll only be using this stroller till my son is 20 lbs or so -LRB- and outgrows his infant carrier -RRB- , it 's so reasonably priced and convenient that I 'll really miss it ! It was simple enough to assemble , and is SO lightweight and easy to fold up flat that I can carry it -- EASILY -- with one hand , go up and down our front steps with no problem , and toss it in the back of my car . The steering is GREAT , not like some of the bigger travel systems that steer like a wonky grocery cart , and those do n't fold up NEARLY as flat and compact as this does ! I read some consumer complaints that it had collapsed -LRB- folded up -RRB- on some people while they had their baby in it , which I have NEVER experienced , and honestly ca n't figure out how that could possibly happen . I also read a few complaints that the cross bar axle between the two rear wheels got in the way when mom or dad was pushing it , and they would accidentally kick or step on it while walking . Again , I 've never had this problem , nor has my husband . I guess if you had an unusually long stride , it might pose a problem ? All in all , this product is GREAT , and exactly what I wanted . Like I said , I 'll be sad when we outgrow this one , but will move to a lightweight -LRB- and compact -RRB- umbrella stroller when that day comes -- Who really needs the monstrosity of a huge travel system ??
 You snap the heavy infant carrier in ... you snap the heavy infant carrier out ... you snap the heavy infant carrier in and your running errands all about ! We leave it in the car . It 's great to use if you need a few things at the grocery store -LRB- the basket holds quite a bit -RRB- , it 's great in the drugstore -LRB- holding the infant carrier while you are waiting in line is too heavy -RRB- , it 's great in a restaurant , at the mall . It 's so EASY and quick . I would break my back if I had to take my travel system stroller in and multiple times a day when running errands . I would n't use it trekking thru the woods , but we have used it for long walks around the neighborhood . How do you run your errands without one of these ? I 'm definitely looking at Baby Trend lightweight strollers to use after my baby grows out of her snugride -LRB- which may be soon ! -RRB- .
 This stroller is the perfect alternative to those so-called light weight travel systems . After having my second c-section , I needed something light weight and convenient - this was it . Easy to fold , easy access to a generous-sized basket , and most of all , baby stays asleep in carseat . If only the frame could fold with the wheels down instead of up by the handle - I would have given this product five stars .
 Wonderful , lightweight solution to the bulky travel system . Lets sleeping babies STAY asleep ! So easy to snap in and out , and folds for storage . Huge basket , and the cup holder is a nice touch . Very durable and easy to manuever . Great price , highly recommend . Perfect for the first 6 months .
 Purchased this stroller as a gift for my son and daughter in law as they were expecting their second child - We took the new baby -LRB- a beautiful girl -RRB- on her first outting to a fabric store - used the stroller and it was a breeze to open and fold back down , to stow in the back of our car and very easy to push around . The baby was secure in her car seat that fit wonderfully in the strollerMy daughter in law raved about how wonderful it was and liked it far more than her previous heavier traditional large stroller.The gift was a four five star hit .
 I have used the Snap 'N Go with my Peg Perego car seat for the past 6 months and have really liked it . I can fold up the Snap n Go with one hand and put it in the back of my SUV , no problem . It 's very lightweight . The basket underneath is huge and easily accessible when the car seat is snapped on . It is great if you walk around the mall a lot or have nicely paved roads and sidewalks in your neighborhood . It 's not so great on bumpy sidewalks . One final positive about the snap n go is that it 's not much of an investment . If you do n't like it , it 's not like you spent $ 300 on a travel system that you do n't like . Now that my daughter is sitting up and more interested in the world around her , she is enjoying her front-facing stroller much more . I hardly use the snap n go system now that she 's older . Overall , it 's a great system for younger babies , but you may only use it for the first 6 months or so .
 MY mother-in-law insisted on ths item for me . I was hesitant to stray from the traditional `` travel system '' as a first-time mom but boy am I glad I did ! My friends are so jealous of how lightweight and maneuverable the snap and go is ! You just adjust the bars to fit your car seat then you never adjust them again ! It is very lightweight and folds and unfolds so quickly and easily ! I highly recommend the snap and go instead of the travel system heavy strollers for when the baby is rear-facing , then graduate to an Umbella stroller for the forward-facing baby !
 I saw another mom at the pediatrician 's office with this gadget and quickly inquired about this funny looking thing . She told me it was a snap n go . I said a what ? She said it is much better and lighter than a stroller . Well needless to say , I went right out and purchased the snap n go.I swear by this gadget . It made things so much easier for me and my little one . It moves so nicely . It pivots and turns with ease . I would pop out my infant seat and place it on the frame with one hand . The other mom drove a Cooper and she really convienced me right away , because I drive a 2 door coupe . I really should be a spokesperson for the snap n go . I promised to buy this for all my friends that are new moms . The price is not bad considering how great it works.I wish I could have given the snap n go 10 ********** .
 I 've been using my Snap 'n Go for my 4 month old daughter since she was born . I 've had no trouble using it with my Graco SnugRide car seat , as other reviewers have reported . You do have to read the directions to make sure you 've adjusted the frame correctly for your specific car seat ... but once it 's set-up , you never have to worry about that again !! The frame is lightweight , easy to fold , and maneuvers great in tight spots . You do have to strap the car seat to the frame for extra safety which takes a little extra time , but it 's well worth all the other benefits!The different sized cup holders and tray are nice extras ! The large storage area underneath provides plenty of room ... even for my largest diaper bag !! The Snap 'N Go is a great alternative to large travel systems !!
 I really liked the convenience of this stroller because it is really lightweight and compact and has a nice sized basket . However , my son outgrew his Snugride infant car seat at 5 months so I did not get a lot of use out of it . Also , you do not have the flexibility of having the baby sit up and face away from you so s/he can see things -LRB- which my son loved at about 4 months -RRB- . He also disliked being confined to his car seat once he was about 4 months old . I bought a Peg Perego Aria as a travel stroller which will accomodate the Snugride infant seat . It 's just as lightweight and compact and is much much easier to manuveur . The Peg is a great all in one stroller becaue you can use it well after the baby outgrows the infant car seat . But , if you just want a stroller because your stroller will not accomodate an infant seat -LRB- like the Maclearan which I also have and love -RRB- this is a good buy .
 This thing is fantastic . It 's lightweight , practical , and has an incredibly functional design . I just feel bad for the parents lugging huge travel systems around ! Highly recommended .
 We registered for this product and received it as a baby shower gift . I had researched other infant carrier systems , and decided that the Snap and Go just made sense . It is so economical , durable , and easy-to-use . I was disappointed when we had to switch our baby to her stroller because she had outgrown her infant car seat ! We love our Snap and Go , and we felt that we had made a smart decision in buying it , due to its low cost . I would highly recommend buying this item , and then purchasing a stroller for when the child is of that size . We bought the Jeep Liberty stroller , which we also love !!!
 It 's inexpensive and very light . I wanted the smallest infant stroller possible so we bought this one . It folds up very small and we throw it around everywhere and it 's still together . I would highly recommend this stroller . We have the Graco Snug Ride and it 's compatible .
 I have purchased this item multiple times for all of my friends expecting a little one . The baby thermometer works wonders when a little one progress from using a baby bathtub to being alone in the big bath tub . I was always afraid of giving a little one a bath in hot water and I was always giving my little one a cold bath . With this thermometer , I never have to worry about the temperature of the bath water again . The kids love it as well . It is very durable and the kids love to play with it.The way it works is by dunking the thermometer in the water for a few seconds . As long as you see green numbers on the thermometer , the water is good . If the number is blue , it is either regressing or progressing and you need to adjust the temperature as needed . All of my friends love it .
 The first table pad we bought for our newborn started to tear in just a couple of weeks of use . So glad I splurged on this and was surprised to find no reviews . At 9 months of age , our baby is now super squirmy - always trying to spin - and this changer feels safer as it deeper and heavier than the one we had before . Its soft vinyl and it does n't need a cover , which I would n't be able to use anyway given how often I have to wipe something up . I like how easy it is to wipe clean .
 I have owned several diaper changing pads . This one is by far the most durable . I have had it in my home daycare for 2 years and not a tear or rip . The only bad I would say about it is it came with an attached handle so u can carry it anywhere ... well it tore the first day but I was n't gon na use that anyway . it stays in the same place all the time
 I am hoping to redeem myself with my review on this Baby Star product because I hate the Baby Star burp cloths . This blanket is so unbelievably soft and beautiful . I kept this one for my nursery -LRB- I am a grandmother -RRB- but gave the Baby Star Cotton Candy blankets as gifts to my daughter-in-laws . They loved them . The texture of the Cotton Candy blanket is furry like a stuffed animal so I think I like this one more but both are the softest blankets I have ever seen . I embroidered the baby 's names on the satin on the other blankets and it turned out beautiful and luxurious . Both girls wanted to use the blankets to bring the babies home from the hospital . You can not go wrong buying this for yourself or giving it as a gift .
 I recently wanted to put a locking handle on my second garage door . Having not done this before it was a bit of a learning experience and I had to do a bit of reading and research . Based on my door 's configuration I determined that I wanted a handle in the center of the door which means that I needed these snap slide locks on the side.I picked up two of these , one for each side of the door . They came with all the correct hardware for mounting them onto both the tracks and the door itself . There is a catch which has to be bolted onto the side rails with the included carriage bolts . On my tracks I found spots that were a perfect match for the hole alignment and was able to easily bolt the catches into place.The other component is the snap latch part that secures to the door itself . I had to use self tapping bolts to secure these to the door . Just be sure to make certain that you place these latches in the correct position to line up with the catches on the tracks . Once secured to the door properly these will slide up over the outside edge of the catch and then snap right into the groove in the catch . They lock the door solidly in the down position.Note you will need another component to make these work correctly . In the center of your door where you attach the locking handle you 'll need a `` swivel lock '' that allows you to run a chain or cable to either snap lock . This swivel lock will turn as the handle is turned and pull the cables you attach taught so that the spring latch retracts enough to allow the door to be raised.They were definitely easy to install and came with all the requisite hardware , and keep my garage door secured quite well . So these get five stars from me .
 The monitor is very senstive and it has a good range . Our property is a small .6 acres and it reaches anywhere on it . I do have to echo the comments about static ; however for an inexpensive monitor on a frequency no other major device uses -LRB- cell , wireless headset , wi-fi , etc. -RRB- it 's pretty good .
 I bought these for my brand new baby cousin 's arrival . My aunt says they work wonderful and the double receivers are very convenient .
 I bought this monitor while expecting my second child . I wanted something to be able to hear if my toddler was trying to climb into the crib . This Monitor is so super sensitive , I can hear my toddler moving around in his bed at night . I can hear the covers moving . I have n't had any problems with this monitor yet , and have had it for almost 2 months . I got it on clearence at the store , and the batteries were n't very good , so had to get differant ones . I do n't know if this was because it was on clearence , the batteries were just old , or if it 's the brand of batteries that came with the monitor . All in all - Very Good Buy !!!
 I got this monitor as a gift at a baby shower back in 2009 . We had great luck with the monitor until this year -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . Both of the parent units stopped working with batteries , even if we put new ones in . We tried what another reveiwer recommended , using a screwdriver to adjust a metal tab that creates contact with the batteries , this worked for a while then after a few adjustments even that would n't work anymore.I know what you 're thinking ... if the parent units quit working with batteries , why four stars ? I gave this four stars because the monitor worked perfectly for almost 3 years , in the monitor market that is great ! Since we just had baby # 2 I decided to try the Sony Babycall , here 's hoping that one is just as good and lasts just as long . I also want to add that my husband and I live out in country so interference from neighbors is non-existent for us . If you live in an apartment building , have close neighbors or a lot of electronics this may not be the right monitor for you as it only has two channels .
 I noticed a lot of people had the same problem I had with this product . The battery operation worked fine straight out of the package , and suddenly both parent units would n't even turn on with new batteries . Distraught I just kept them plugged in , losing all convenience of having 2 parent units . But having twins , and 1 is kind of quiet when crying , I was determined to figure out why it was n't working with batteries . Here 's the solution -LRB- hope this helps ! -RRB- Take a flathead screwdriver to the metal pieces which touch the batteries on the flip lid , and slightly lift the metal pieces up . Now it works great , because apparently the batteries were n't keeping connection ! Otherwise the monitor works great for being pretty cheap .
 Our other baby monitor was more expensive and did n't get as clear of a signal as this one did . It 's crystal clear and has been going strong for almost 5 years now .
 I have my daughter every other weekend . When she would sleep , I would jump to check on her when there was any type of sound that could have been a cry . I hated how her mother 's monitoring device had feedback and picked up everything ; from a door slamming to someone bouncing a ball down the street . At first I thought it was so silent -LRB- lack of background noise -RRB- that it would miss her grumps as she starts to wake up , not so with this device . It was clear and picked up her first peeps . Good stuff and thank you . - Single Dad
 It gets the job done . I have been using mine for ten months and my son has enjoyed using the monitors as toys , so they have taken a fair beating . They go camping with us as well . So far , they have worked at all the ranges I needed them to without an immense amount of static .
 We 're on our first child , and after lots of research -LRB- there seems to be good and bad about EVERY monitor out there -RRB- , I asked my sister-in-law for recommendations . She told me she 'd started with an expensive brand monitor , only to find issues with it , and replaced it with The First Years monitor . Said it was n't perfect , but none are , so why spend more money ? Wow , so glad I took her advice ! These were inexpensive , and after four months of use , the only thing I would improve on them is their antennae -LRB- would be nice if they were less in the way when clipped on the belt -RRB- . We have not had a problem with static , unless the channels accidentally get bumped out of sync -LRB- our fault , anyhow -RRB- and it fixes as soon as we match them back up . No interference , even when beside other electronic items . Nice clear sound , all the way down two stories to my laundry in the basement ! My sister has gone through several different brands , my mom has several for grandkid naptimes at her house , and this one beats them all hands down . That said - we 're four months in . We 'll have to let you know what their longevity is , but I 'm expecting it to be pretty good .
 Perfect for what I needed - one base and two other units . Cheaper here than any stores . Works great - no static .
 I was surprised to see so many negative review on this monitor , as I really have no complaints . I have 2 other monitors and the sound on this one is far superior to the others . Just recently I 've been noticing some static and crackling , but we 've owned it for 3 years , so I figure it 's served us well .
 I received these monitors as a shower gift and have had them for a year now . I have to say I am very impressed with them ! They have the option of wireless -LRB- you just need batteries -RRB- or plug in . The only bad thing is the base transmitter does n't have that option . I am impressed with the range too . We went to water our neighbors garden for them and they are 3 houses away but we could still pick up on our son 's noises -LRB- although with a bit of static interference -RRB- . All in all , a great pick for a great price !
 We bought and returned four different -LRB- more expensive -RRB- baby monitors before finding The First Years monitor . I like the simple design . No bells and whistles to go wrong . Just 2 channels and a volume control dial that can be turned to mute while the lights still indicate sound . I was worried that there would be a lot of static interference since this is a low MHz analog monitor , but it 's really not too bad . Nothing I can hear above the sound of my white noise machine at night . It 's not as quiet as the digital monitors we tried , but I can definitely live with it . Other than a little low static this monitor works great . It is very sensitive to baby 's noises . The light indicators work and are also pretty accurate in measuring baby sounds . Hopefully the static does n't increase too much over time , but for now this is the monitor for us ! And amazingly it is such a good price . I 'll never believe the saleslady at Babies R Us again who says that you get what you pay for with a monitor and tried to get me to buy the $ 200 one ! If you are looking for a basic , inexpensive baby monitor that works , then look no further !
 I live in a small apartment so I did n't require a really good long distance monitor . I like the fact that this works from the mains and I am not using up loads of batteries . I have had no issues with switching on the parts etc. . There is a little amount of static that comes over on the monitors but I have still been able to hear my baby over the monitor . I have found it great at picking up the stirring noises my child makes so I am able to get to my Little One before the real crying begins . I have relied on it at night with my little one sleeping in another room and I have not been let down . I only gave four stars due to the white noise that can be heard over the speaker and also I would want a better one if I was in a bigger house , but for my apartment it is great !!
 I got this monitor when my first child was born , 6 years ago . It is still going strong ! I think it is great for the price.PROS - the paging button , having two receivers -LRB- for when I inevitably loose one -RRB- , being able to use batteries OR plug in for all units , lights display , two channels to avoid hearing the neighbors , clear reception in a small house or apt . Durable - my kids -LRB- and I -RRB- were constantly dropping the receivers and they work just fine.CONS - Range is fairly short . I could go to the next apt over without any problem , or get the mail but that was the limit . -LRB- I now live in the boonies and am looking for a REALLY long range monitor . -RRB- Static gets bad once out of the range -LRB- descibed above . -RRB- It met my needs great - I love all the First Years products I 've owned . They seem to design products with lots of insight into the needs of real families.A
 Out of all the baby monitors this one is the best one I have found for a reasonable price . It 's range is amazing ! I can go out side and do yard work and it does n't fuzz in and out . It really is the best for your money . My two kids have often grabbed the antenna swinging it around -LRB- which usually ruins monitors -RRB- and it has still survived with no problems at all . I think I will purchase another set to have two sets on hand and just for `` just in case '' . We 've had this for two years and we hope to have it much longer .
 This was the second monitor we tried . We live in a downstairs apartment and all we picked up with the first monitor was our upstairs neighbor 's monitor for their child . We 've found much better results with this monitor . The range is adequate for our entire apartment , even while watching tv or listening to the radio . The volume is loud enough to hear in the shower and it is sensitive enough to pick up a slight wimper . We 're very pleased !
 This monitor was rated well by consumer reports , I liked that it came with two recievers , so I asked for it last year . The reception is great !!!! I can go outside and any place in the house and it always works . I can hear her stir no problem . I have had the monitor -LRB- s -RRB- for over a year and they still work great . I even accidently dropped one in the pool -- ooops down it went to the bottom , but after I poured the water out of the battery compartment and let it dry it worked fine . That reciever is prone to more static than the one that never went for a swim , but at least it still works . I would and have recommended this monitor to others .
 We have been using this monitor for about 4 months now and have found it to be reliable . If you can , it is preferable to plug it in because it drains batteries pretty quickly . I agree with other reviews that it is sensitive . We can hear our son moving a lot , but that does n't bother me . I would rather hear more than not enough.We also get some static but it seems like we get it when there is nothing between the base and the receiver . For examle , if our son 's door is closed , there is no issue . If we go in to check on him , we usually turn the receiver off or down because there is interference.It is an inexpensive monitor and none of the cons are a big deal for me . For the price and features , I would recommend it .
 Wonderful product now I can sleep at night without getting up checking on ny baby I can hear everything he does . The sound pick up is amazing
 This is the second monitor set we have bought . We have two sets now . We really liked the set for our older child because it has a nightlight with it . This one does not . That being said , the range on this set is very good and the ability to work on two frequencies is a must for us .
 This is our second monitor and so far , we have had no problems . There is little to no static and interference and has a great range . I am very pleased with this purchase .
 Great value , works flawlessly and do n't have to have volume up to know if the baby is awake because of the visual led display .
 Good value for money , the audio is very good , you can escultar loud and clear the noises of her son , even over long distances . However it has some INTERFERENCE depending on the distance from the base . Injured recommend the product .
 The material is really soft , and kind to babies skin . I just wish it came in a two pack with the colors complimenting each other .
 I have spent lots of money and time trying all sorts of cups . I bought a couple of these when vising family in the USA . I was so pleased with it that I took them home and am now ordering a couple more!The soft spout and the fact that the little ones do n't have to suck hard to get the liquid out is what makes this the favorite . My daughter has been using this for her water and juice since 8 months -LRB- now 11 months -RRB- . Not her milk though - I think this takes time as this is still a comfort feed .
 Shake it as much as you want upside down , so spills ! Little children who are used to breastfeeding or bottles wo n't be so traumatized from the transmission to this bottle
 This is a great sippy cup . One nice feature that I had n't been aware of when I bought it was that it has a skid-proof bottom . My only `` complaint '' is that there are no ounce marker lines on the cup .
 My daughter tried 3 different sippy cups from 3 different brands , and this is the only sippy cup from Playskool that she likes . The only thing that I dont like about this cup is there is no oz measurement printed on the cup . I would like to know how much oz of apple juice my daughter is drinking . What I did was I made 3 small lines indicating it by 2 oz interval . She first use this sippy cup since 9 months old , and I switched back and forth to bottle since she will only sipped a little out of this sippy cup . By 11 months old , she is only into this sippy cup and has stopped the use of bottle . Even though there is no oz measurement indicated on this cup , I will say it is a five star because it is the only sippy cup that my daughter likes .
 I have been using this soap for about 2 months now . It is great for all parts of the body , including the face . I am 47 years old and have had acne problems at my age ! It has actually helped . When you apply moisturizer after bathing , it really soaks in and leaves your skin so soft . It also does n't dissapate real fast like other soaps and lasts a long time . The larage bars I have are only half used and I use it every day .
 This soap is great !! I have had very dry skin for yrs . but not after using this soap for the past seven mo. . It lathers well , smells fresh , gets ur skin super clean n rinses off completely ... no residue . Yay !! It moisturizes very well , but does n't overdo it.It lasts a long time if put in a place where it can drain ... does n't crack once dry . Definitely worth every penny .
 I started using olive oil soap bars a year ago and now I ca n't live without them . It 's really made the skin on my face much softer , especially when used with a moisturizer right after . This brand is a very nice soap and I like it more than the Kiss My Face bars.It has a very fragrant lavender scent even though there 's no mention of any type of fragrance on the webpage or the container it comes in . I like lavender so that 's a plus.It 's wonderful to use for shaving . I do n't bother using shaving cream or gel anymore . After shaving I apply aftershave/moisturizer and my face becomes like a baby 's behind . Seriously , I 'll be touching my face all day marveling at how soft it is.One major negative thing I 've noticed about olive oil bars is that they seem to run out of olive oil before they 're completely used up . You 'll notice this when the bar becomes very easy to lather and is not as greasy . Normally , when you have a new full-sized bar it 's a little hard to lather up and feels very oily . Then when there 's about 15-20 % of the bar left , the greasyness is gone and it soaps up almost immediately . You can tell it does n't moisturize as well then . I just use it for washing my hands at that point.Also , make sure to not leave the bar sitting in any water because it will cause the bar to `` melt '' and get very messy and lose it 's shape.Another bad thing is that olive oil bars are usually more expensive than regular bars . So not only do the moisturizing benefits run out before the bar is totally used up but you have to pay more for it.Still , your face and skin need all the help they can get while you get older . I think it 's worth it for the extra money and you 'll definitely notice the difference . Thumbs up for this product !
 I bought this for my husband who has dry , scaly skin . I had him use it for a while and I think it 's made a difference for him . He used to be really dry and skin flakes would shed off , but now I can tell that his skin looks more moisturized throughout the day . Good product .
 Throw away your moisterizer . Do n't need it after taking a shower or a bath with this soap . After using this product , you 'll never go back to what you were using before .
 I used it for face and body since traditionally soaps irritate my skin . I really enjoyed how it does n't dry out or itch my skin .
 Love the silky consistency of this soap . Does not lather a lot but it feels silky on the skin . Do n't know how else to describe it . Soft , clean smell . And really moisturizes . I will continue to use this soap . I love Olivella products . It feels luxurious to use them even though they are reasonably priced .
 I had been looking for a bar of soap that was pure olive oil . This is what I found . The commercial soaps I have been using all my life really dry my skin out . I am African-American and in using this bar of soap I have noticed my skin seems to glow . Not to mention the bar lasts a long time ! Good product !
 this body bar is very good . It does not dry you out . Just like the body wash it leaves your skin nice and smooth . I will be buying more of this product too . I wonder if they have the body lotion also . I will check out the site . Thanks .
 I thought I had ordered the fragrance-free version of this product . Upon opening the package , however , I was overwhelmed by a very strong flowery , herbal scent . This seemed to tone down with use -LRB- or maybe I 've just become accustomed to it -RRB- . Anyone sensitive to fragrances in their bath and body products should double check before ordering.I found the soap itself to be moisturizing and very gentle . There 's nothing particularly magical or miraculous about it . Still , it 's a good , basic option if you have dry skin or are looking for more natural skin care products .
 I bought this soap for my daughter because I read online that `` natural '' soaps can help with Acne . She typically uses products with hydrogen peroxide . But after doing research , I found that it would be better for her to use a more natural soap . So after receiving it , I tried it out for myself , and the soap is amazing . It made my face soft , and it controlled her breakouts as well . I definitely recommend this soap , to anyone .
 I have very dry itchy skin ; but since using this soap the last two or more years , I have had relief from my irritable skin problem . I even use it on my children who have similar skin problem . My skin is noticeably smoother especially during the winter months .
 This is a standard in my home . My husband loves the scent and I love the fact that my skin does n't dry out after using this soap .
 this one is good . what else can one say . It doeswhat it is supposed to do . Try it , you skinjust might like it .
 This is an excellent item ! It is machine washable and tumble dry ! I love the simplicity of this item ! I am sharing a room with my daughter and I did n't want anything to busy , something that would go with my bedroom suit as well . The quality is awesome and is so worth the price ! I worried that it would be to thin but it was n't ! Thank you !
 I 'm happy with this product , it came in a reasonable amount of time . The best part is the low price this was about 3 times cheaper than the same size bottle I saw in a local store .
 This stuff smells pretty good . I do n't know how to really review a cologne , you should prolly just smell it for yourself .
 fast and efficient - good qualityI love buying things through amazon when it goes smooth as with the cologne purchase to which this review refers .
 I bought for my boyfriend ... he was looking for a new cologne . He loved the smell of JOhn Varvatos and the price is a great deal .
 If you are 40 and above , need a great fragrance , and much more if you are in corporate America or an intelligentsia like me , you need a fragrance `` that speak for you '' . this John Varvatos does that . I am an executive , in a high , upper class echelon and trust me , it is a great perfume . Actually , I call it a `` girls follow me fragrance '' . Go for it .
 2 key thoughts when buying items like this on Amazon . First is you need to smell the spray someplace else first . Second , is that it should smell good on your person.I smelled this in a magazine and took a shot . I love it and the wife loves it . Highly recommend for the right person .
 My husband found a sample in a magazine and requested this for Christmas . It smells soooooo good ! Refrain ladies !!! When a man smells good it 's all I can do to refrain from giving them a great big ol hug ! LOL Scent is great !
 Makes a great gift . My boyfriends favorite cologne . Love the smell ! I like this one better than the other Varvatos colognes
 I bought this for my husband for christmas he said he liked it and he would wear it i love it
 Smelled this this while in a mall store on vacation , was concerned that it might not have e same smell or last a decent period of time . To put it simply , I 'd buy it again .
 I liked the scent . It was very masculine . It just does n't last beyond a couple of hours.I would recommend it , but be aware that you probably will have to spray it midday .
 it is a great perfume , but no perfect . I am so happy with all experience , buying and the final product , I recommend 100 % .
 Again , purchased by reading scent description and reviews rather than by testing it at the store . My son 's natural scent is musky/spicy . I did n't want anything citrusy to compete with it ... so I based my purchase on the product reviews and item description . It 's like his natural scent , only magnified , with a touch of warm vanilla added to it . He 's on his second bottle and loves it !
 A great smelling cologne for men at an outstanding price . My brother purchased the smaller bottle at a departments store for twice the price earlier that day . Wow was he kicking himself after he realized that he threw away the receipt .
 This is hands down , my husbands and my favorite cologne for him . It makes you shut your eyes and breathe in the scent !! Very manly and earthy .
 This is a great woody smell ! Its smell is addicting , makes me want to bite my self sometimes . The price from Amazon is unbeatable .
 This smells like JPG Le Male for less than half the price . Why pay twice as much for a torso bottle ? This is the smart choice .
 John Varvatos has come up with a truly unique scent for men . I instantly got positive comments from quite a few females while I wore this scent . Great for just casual situations , as well as formal.I wish the scent lasted a bit longer , but that is my only negative . I highly recommend John Varvatos for Men .
 Excellent fragrance . Good for formal as well as casual outings . And thanks to Amazon - very competitive price - got it just for 35 dollars whereas Macy 's sells this for 55 dollars . Overall great experience and product .
 I bought this perfum without smell it because a friend recommended it and I am planning to buy again for my husband because it smells very sofisticated .
 Nice Smell , Lasts for only couple of hours . Expected something that lasts for more time .
 Smells great and the wife is a big fan . My only knock on this cologne is that it 's synthetic meaning the oils are fragrance oils versus essential oils -LRB- fake VS real -RRB- in order to cut costs . This makes it smell more like an Axe body spray and less like a high end essential oil cologne like Czeke & Speake , Penhaligons , Castle Forbes , etc. .
 It 's all a matter of taste of course.I like the woody scent . It 's not sweet and fruity like some of the other colognes . It 's also not harsh , excessive and overly masculine . It 's sophisticated , understated , goes well with dressy clothes , stylish cars . It has a romantic side and if it gets on a sweather that you might wear again , it will be a nice reminder to put on some more . The woody scent reminds me of something exotic , something from the rain forest perhaps , a combination of scents collected from all over the world . I went to several parfumerias to compare if there is another cologne similar to this one , and there really is n't . One came close , but I stuck with John Varvatos .
 Last summer was the first time I tried John Varvatos ! It is an excellent fragrance -- liked the wooden fragrance and the rich leaves that make this cologne . It 's a very masculine fragrance -- every man should have it in his bathroom cabinet !
 I bought to use it as EDT but it works like EDP !! It 's absolutely original brand perfume -LRB- I can tell with the authenticity of the fragrance and the lasting time ! -RRB- . It really lasts long and the dry-down turns out to be the most spectacular part . It smells more open and effective when it dries down . Great price and genuine seller ! I highly recommend to buy it from this seller since I had friends who bought the same perfume from other dealers and got the fake ones ! This perfume is musculine , subtle and sensual.John Varvatos By Shiseido For Men . Eau De Toilette Spray 4.2 OuncesThe notes are Medjool Date Fruit , Tamarind Tree Leaves , Coriander Seed Templar , Clary Sage Flower , Indian Ajowan , Auramber , Leather essence.I believe this is the best perfume for winter wear !
 I saw the Varvatos `` Artisian '' cologne on uncrate.com and did a little research on the Varvatos brand ... which lead me to this amazon page where I read 10 people who all were crazy about the Original Varvatos scent . Let me tell you something
 I 've worn this cologne for some time now , and it 's always a good one . If you buy direct from Amazon -LRB- Shipped and Fulfilled -RRB- , it appears to be authentic and will save you about $ 30 from retail . Ca n't say anything about purchases from anyone else .
 My boyfriend is the most wonderful person I have met in a long time . He is different which is why he is my heart , however he is extremely difficult to buy for . He has very specific taste in what he likes . He only wears a particular type of dress shirt . He only likes particular types of shoes . Which is why it made this choice difficult yet a winner . Something about this scent continued to creep into my vision . Every where I looked for cologne for him , this particular scent was always around . So I decided to give it a smell , it was wonderful . I loved it the moment I smelled it . It was clean and fresh , however I was very worried that he would not like it . When he opened the gift he was very elated that I picked this because he brought some years back and never replaced it . He loved the original , not the others that came after . I am thankful that I picked a scent that he enjoys and I definitely received brownie points in his eyes.Its a great wonderful light scent . Its clean , fresh and not over powering . You will be able to smell this fragrance on him without getting a headache . All in all I love it .
 Sniff , sniff . I 've gotten more compliments from this cologne than all the others combined . Play it down , though , or else the price will go through the roof for all of us !
 I bought this for my husband since he mentioned he used to wear this cologne once upon a time . I LOOOOVE the way this smells .
 Through out the old spice , brute and aqua velva . I am know a John Vervatos type of guy . John VERATO HAS MANY OTHER PRODUCTS . This colonge is getting hard to find . Stock up while you can . I would suggest putting in unopened bottles in the fridge .
 Love it !!! Bought it for my husband and he likes it a lot ! It 's very different in a good way !
 i love it its a great smell . its beautiful yet unique . i just hope it lasts more than 5 hours on my skin = -LRB-
 This is my first JV buy and so I was not sure what to expect . This fragrance is devine , not too strong and lasts very long on my skin . The packaging is the cherry on top . It has a different , warm and feel good effect .
 I was very happy with this product . It was for a gift and arrived very quickly . It was just as portrayed and in perfect condition on arrival .
 I love the scent of this cologne . Whenever I 'm wearing it and I go out , people ca n't stop sniffing me . A definite plus if you 're single and want to attract someone to take home . Yummmmmm ...
 It took 1month to received because of the holiday season , after i read reviews on perfume emporium , alot of people said its a scam , but then it was just all rumours . Perfume emporium even promised they would find 1 for me because they are out of stock . But instead i got 2 bottles of 2.5 oz instead of 1 bottle 4.2 oz . Overall 5/5 . Smells great , properly seal , good respond from customer service.Thanks perfume emporium
 This John Varvatos fragrance is different from most ` citrusy ' fragrances . It is more masculine and does last long enough . Highly recommended purchase .
 This is the thirds time I buy this perfume . It is very good and its smell last for most of the day .
 I bought this for my boyfriend for Christmas and he loves it -LRB- and so do I -RRB- ! It is a very manly scent . I ordered the cologne through a seller affiliated with Amazon because I felt more comfortable with that and I received the real deal cologne . My boyfriend wore this cologne to work and guys and girls were stopping him to ask what it was ! This is n't one of those colognes that you put on and you can smell it from a mile away -LRB- thank goodness ! -RRB- . The smell is strong but not over powering . I love this cologne and it is by far my favorite one my boyfriend wears .
 i have had this on my to buy list for a while . i finally decided to get it and I 'm not disappointed . its such a great manly smell that the ladies love .
 With many positive feedbacks , I wanted to try this since I have been looking for that one fragrance I want to create a fragrance-identity with . Tried BVLGARI , Adidas , Pi , Nautica , Hugo Boss - they were all great , one more than other , but not special . Finally , this thing arrived after 5 days wait -LRB- ground delivery -RRB- . The packaging was great . Took the bottle out , it looked very sophisticated . Light brown bottle with an engraved leather belt on the bottle . Looks very professional and royal . Applied to my skin , my girlfriend could not stop smelling my neck . This thing is awesome . I could not describe the fragrance in words , it 's like very pleasant , quality fragrance of wood , a little sweet -LRB- not overpowering -RRB- that changes the normal wood fragrance . Lasts for about 6 to 8 hours depending on how much you apply . I am sorry , I could not describe properly but if you have a fragrance store near you , test-drive this , you will love it - assured . Now , this is my top of the line , special occasion fragrance . Glad I bought this , found my fragrance at last .
 I have used this product for over five years and never get tired of using it .
 I absolutely love this fragrance . Although I have others I really enjoy , such as Ferrari Black and Polo Black , my girlfriend describes this one as `` the one that ` The Most Interesting Man in the World ' would wear '' -LRB- we both love those commercials -RRB- . It 's robust without being overwhelming , inherently masculine -LRB- i dare say it makes my girl a little giddy when i wear it -RRB- , lasts all day and then some , and is really just a great value . This fragrance could be worn with an expensive suit or business-casual attire , and is sure to be a hit either way .
 This is a great fragrance for almost anytime , I would wear it to the office , on a date , on any casual day . I do n't think I would wear it on a hot summer day though . My favorite part of this scent is after it fully dries , it leaves a powdery vanilla leather kinda smell . That sounds strange but it smells great .
 One other reviewer hit the nail on the head with the middle and end notes of John Varvatos
 The scent starts off sweet , almost syrupy -LRB- is that a word ? -RRB- Tamarind Tea Leaves and Date Fruit are predominant . However - the best part of this cologne is the dry-down . The middle and high notes are superb . The initial sweet smell becomes a mellow , masculine -LRB- a little spicy too -RRB- scent with vanilla and leather notes predominant . Perfect for Autumn and Winter.The only con is that it does n't last very long -LRB- on me . -RRB- I would have to say this is a night-time scent .
 I have been using John Varvatos and John Varvatos Vintage for long a time now . It is one of the best perfumes in the market . I have used lot of perfumes -LRB- Armani Code , Acqua Di Gio and etc -RRB- , But this one is a keeper and i Highly recommend it , if you wan na standalone or get noticed by others .
 Well I must say this is the best fragrance I have used . I carried polo , dunhill , aqua , escape etc but this is the best . I want to smell it again and again and will buy this product in future as well.Strongly recommanded .
 I was purchasing some other cologne for a gift when I came across this ... after reading the reviews alone , I decided to order this for myself -LRB- and I 'm not really even that big of a cologn person -RRB- . The reviews are right on ... it 's great . It 's a masculine scent ... not over powering , not perfumy ... it definately has gotten noticed and I 've gotten positive comments on more than one occassion about the scent . by the way ... who is John Varvatos ?
 i do n't know how to review this . it 's so personal . okay , i really like the smell of this stuff . to be honest , i was working at a bar , i am a sound guy , and one of the regulars walked by and i caught the scent of what he was wearing and i had to ask him what it was . if that sounds creepy , so be it . but that tells you how much i liked the smell .
 Receiver the product without delay , and with great quality . The pricing was the cheapest I have ever seen , and it 's the exact same product as in any store . And uhh FYI ... . the scent it delivers gets many looks . ; -RRB-
 Has great high and rich notes that change over time , definitely beats any kind of Axe spray
 This is a great fragrance . It has a very manly scent that women seem to really enjoy.This fragrance last for a good long while too and is fairly strong so easy does it ; a little goes a long way.This is my first product from this maker but it wo n't be my last . This is by far the best fragrance I 've ever worn and it was a complete blind buy ; I found it by searching top fragrance online .
 It could be a coincidence but since I have been using this sleeping bag for my 9 month old he has been sleeping through the night . It 's hard to convey how happy that makes me . I have a feeling that the other sleep sacks -LRB- Halo , Baby DeeDee -RRB- did not give him enough room to move around in his sleep . As the other reviewer said , this bag is very large . The arm and neck holes are big but for some reason it still works like a charm -LRB- I would not want to put it on a younger baby due to the suffocation risk from it riding up however -RRB- . My son is 28 '' and 20lbs . This bag will definitely get us through the winter -LRB- it 's now mid October -RRB- . As for the fabric it is softer than soft . My husband and I comment that we would like one in our size ! It is hard to find a warm sleep sack that is 100 % natural materials . Halo 's fleece sacks are polyester and the Baby DeeDee , while very stylish , is polyester fill . Some babies only sleep well with natural fabrics against their skin . Mine are no exception - polyester makes them sweat whereas cotton is breathable . I dress my son in a soft long sleeve cotton onesie underneath and keep the house heated to 70 degrees . I could put leggings and socks on him and take it down another 2 degrees.The zipper is the easiest of all the sleep sacks I have tried . To open it you simply unzip from the bottom right corner and it gives you plenty of room to change a diaper in the middle of the night if you need to while baby stays cozy . My son even plays in his while the house warms up in the morning . I have ordered 3 more so that my other son , his twin , can try it too.Last but not least , it is a real treat to cuddle my baby while he is wearing this . It is so darn soft ! : -RRB-
 Matches the combi dx car seat perfectly so they work great together as a travel system . Folds up , has the cool carrying strap . Lays back or sits up , easy to adjust . Easy to put together . Easy to clean . Easy to maneuver , unlike some bulkier strollers I 've seen . I can steer it one-handed . The cup holder is easy to put on and take off , but the baby ca n't take it off , so the baby bottle or sippy cup can go there , maybe clip a bottle leash to it , and you 're all set . Looks stylish with the pretty , bright blue color . The wheels are like a hard plastic so they wo n't pop or lose air . All 4 wheels have brakes . Looks stylish , feels comfy , easy to clean , easy to use . The bar across the lap is easy to take off or put on and it 's a little bit squishy/bendy in the middle for comfort , unlike regular hard plastic , which I think is really cool . I was pleasantly surprised . I feel like I got a good deal on a good product .
 I chose this stroller for my second child , as I did n't want to lug 100 lbs worth of gear everywhere I went . -LRB- Live and learn ! -RRB- The main features that I was looking for , this stroller has
 It is a very beautiful basket and much longer than I expected . The blanket is extremely soft and the pillow is also a nice touch . The handles are a little bit of a problem as they tend to curl in towards where the baby sleeps when you put the basket down , but all in all I love this basket .
 The basket appears to be well-made , and I was really impressed that it came in a clear plastic zippered covering , which kept the entire basket , especially the lining and pillow , very clean for a new baby . The way the liner was fitted , it allowed you to view every aspect of the basket .
 Absolutely beautiful . The liner is reversible and the material is soft to the touch . Working from home I use the Moses basket to keep my newborn with me as I go from room to room without having to wake her and the basket it well made for this purpose .
 This sun , wind , and insect cover gets almost daily use on our son 's Baby Jogger . It is the BEST . It is easy to put on and off . The quality is excellent . It protects our son . I highly recommend this item for use with the Baby Jogger stroller .
 Have the Flash EX and the Combi Connection car seat and am very happy with both . The Flash is solid feeling with the car seat on top -- the seat fits securely . I tried the seat on the new Maclaren Easy Traveler and was unimpressed as the car seat wiggled a ton on it . The Flash also has nicer/bigger wheels than the Mac . The tri fold is super -- we have a tiny car and this stroller fits well in the `` trunk '' . It also comes with the triple pouch accessory at the handle which actually holds a 24oz bottle of water -LRB- or 2 -RRB- and a wallet/cell phone . The basket is virtually not reachable with the seat on top but my small diaper bag hangs safely draped over the handle so it 's not a problem . I ca n't afford to buy too much anyway these days ! Haha
 The Combi Flash EX is such a great product ; I have no idea how I lived without it . It is so lightweight , portable and folds so compactly that I can put it in my Combi Travel Bag -LRB- included with City Savvy ... another awesome Combi product -RRB- and carry it onto airplanes and store it in the overhead . The people at Combi must have worked 24/7 on this product ! It works great with my Peg Infant Seat . You do have to remove 2 small plastic end caps on the front bar , but it only takes a couple of seconds and is explained very well in the instructions . Combi definitely has a winner on their hands ! I will recommend the Flash EX to all my friends . It 's a great value !
 I bought this carrier shortly before I flew with my baby for the first time . We have a Peg car seat , and I did n't want to schlepp my Peg stroller through the airport , etc. while on vacation . To my surprise , I find that I use my Combi Flash much more often than my Peg stroller . It 's very lightweight , is very easy to pop open , and has held up well through various trips . I also like that it has a handlebar that goes all the way across , because it is much easier to steer -LRB- especially one-handed -RRB- . My husband also had a tricky time removing the plastic parts that you have to pull off in order to make this work with the Peg ; once they were off , though , the stroller has been a breeze.I would give one word of warning
 We recently purchased this to go with a Peg Perego car seat that we were given for our second child . We had used a full-blown travel system for our oldest . We rarely used the stroller because it was bulky -LRB- heavy to remove and took up most of the trunk -RRB- as well as hard to maneuver . I switched to a lightweight , umbrella stroller as soon as my oldest was able to sit up.For our second child , we wanted something less bulky and easy to use . This stroller fits perfectly with what we wanted . I had a c-section , and at 2 weeks after surgery was easily able to remove it from the trunk , open it one handed and put the car seat in . It takes up very little space . It closes and opens smoothly . It also handles extremely well - very easy to turn and move through small spaces.My husband did say that it was difficult to remove the pieces required to adapt it for the Perego car seat . It took him awhile to find the alleged directions -LRB- I had to keep insisting that they were there - men and directions -RRB- -- to his credit , it was simply a small footnote on the instructions and it was difficult to follow . We had thought of sending it back , but are very glad we did n't . The Perego seat does n't `` snap '' in - it sits in and there is a strap that goes over the car seat . It 's actually easier to use . You do n't have to worry about snapping something in and out.The only downside that I 've found - and we had the same problem with our last stroller - is that you ca n't reach into the basket underneath once the car seat is in place . There are great holders on the handles , however , for drinks , keys , cell phone , etc , so it has n't been a problem.I love this and would highly recommend it for someone who wants something lightweight , easy to use and that does n't fill up your trunk .
 My husband and I love the Combi Infant Car Seat Carrier . We did not want a bulky , heavy stroller system so we opted for this simple frame . We 've used it almost every day since our daughter arrived seven months ago . It is lightweight , folds compact into the car trunk , and can be opened in a snap with one hand . The Graco Snug Ride infant car seat fits easily into the frame.My only complaint concerns the wheels which are hard to use when turning corners on some surfaces . If you plan to shop often with your baby , the mesh basket may not be large enough . I find that the basket keeps me from spending too much money when I shop so I do not mind the smaller size .
 I 'm writing this review to tell other potential buyers that this `` universal '' car seat carrier does not technically fit a Baby Trend Snug Ride infant car seat -LRB- another great product -RRB- . The description listed on this web site states that it does . Instead of returning it , my crafty husband made a few of his own alterations to keep our baby girl safe . Ultimately , I was looking for a universal car seat carrier that was black and/or gray instead of navy blue , and this is what I found.Despite feeling misled , I 'm rating this carrier four stars because it serves its purpose very well , especially for those who have an infant seat that is actually compatible . My only other complaint is that the basket is difficult to access .
 I have never written a review before , but after 4 months of using the Flash EX stroller I have to encourage more users ! I have tried others ' car seat strollers and they are not nearly as light and easy as this one . I love that it folds in thirds , because you can travel with it in your car AND it fits into the overhead compartment on an airplane , which means that it wo n't suffer the insults from baggage handling . I use it with the Safe Seat , which fits wonderfully without any adjustments -LRB- just use the seatbelt ! -RRB- . The only downside is that the underside basket is small , but I think the small portability and ease of use -LRB- including the carrier strap -RRB- makes it very worthwhile . My favorite baby purchase so far .
 First off , stroller frames in general are awesome . Do n't waste your money on a heavy travel system . Just get a stroller frame . Now , this frame specifically is great especially for the price . This is meant for going to the mall and little things - not taking long walks etc. . It is super easy to fold and unfold . It 's very small and easily fits in the trunk or even the front seat . The only negative is that it is sometimes hard to steer , but you get what you pay for . I am totally satisfied . Just be aware that your child will out grow it quickly . Even when they are able to fit in the carseat , they will grow tired of staring at the ceiling and you 'll need a regular stroller where they can see out . This happens around 5-6 months .
 I bought this Combi Flash frame stroller after reading reviews here and elsewhere , and I think it 's fantastic . Much better than the Kolcraft -- which I had for my first child -- which is so much bulkier/heavier and does n't fold nearly so small . This pops open with a snap and my huge Eddie Bauer car seat -LRB- from a graco travel system I received as a gift with my first child -RRB- fit perfectly once those plastic pieces were popped off . -LRB- I was able to pop them off with a screwdriver in , like , 2 seconds , following the pictures on the instruction . Husband 's DIY skills not necessary ! -RRB- I got this for a trip to NYC , delivered to my hotel , and for getting around airports and the city 's streets , it was simply ideal . Light , mobile , stable , etc. . Super easy to carry up/down stairs when accessibility was not ideal . Most amazingly , it is small enough to just go into the trunk of a NYC cab without folding it at all ! Brilliant.At the airport , it folded and locked teeny tiny at the gate , so they did n't need to mistreat it when bringing it down those stairs to load into the plane . -LRB- Has anyone else witnessed the stroller toss that often takes place at the gate ?! It 's why I got my oldest child the Quinny Zapp , which can be carried onto the plane -- in its carry bag -- as her carry on ! -RRB- . Back in London , this is so agile on and off the bus and tube system , that our lives at home have gotten easier because of it . Much of London is stroller unfriendly , so having such a lightweight and agile stroller system has been so helpful . The basket size is amazing given the small size of the whole stroller . If I could give it more than 5 stars I would . It ROCKS !
 I loved this frame . it made doing all those little errands like the bank , post office and doctor 's visits so much easier . It folds down so small and compact . i would recommend this to anyone .
 I loved the fact that this folded in half so that it gives you more space in your trunk for groceries . It is soooo narrow that it can fit in between any ailes in stores . It is really easy to open and close . The only reason I did n't give it five stars is because I had to lift the infant seat up every time I wanted to get to my diaper bag underneath . The basket is soooo small and very hard to get to when the infant carrier is in place so I would put my cell phone , keys , and wallet in the three pockets on the handle and that solved the problem .
 my friends bought this for me for a baby present . i love it !! i have the graco car seat and it snaps in to the stroller making it safer than the ones that you have to seatbelt it in . i think all car seats are supposed to fit into it . when closing the stroller , it folds in half so its very compact and very light . i love it !!!
 I bought this stroller , because I really hate using them , the packing/unpacking storage there of and such . -LRB- I prefer to carry my son in a Baby Bjorn , and a backpack when he gets bigger . -RRB- This stroller is light and folds down nicely . Even fits the trunk of my G35 Coupe , which barely classifies as a trunk . I use it for my son 's Peg Perego carseat . It is not something you would take on the trail or jog with and does n't have alot of storage ; but for going for walks , using at the mall and such applications it does work well.HTH
 I love this stroller ! Its lightweight and durable . My son also enjoys this stroller -LRB- I think it is because he can see mommy ! -RRB- I would highly recommend this stroller ! : -RRB-
 I was really lost trying to order more nipples for my Playtex drop-in bottle , I did n't know if the VentAire worked in Drop-in bottles because it never stated it in the description.Well , these fit and are the exact same ones that come with the original bottle purchase . I EBF and needed a bottle for occasional situations where I have to be apart from my baby and she latched on to these great at 4 weeks ! This is my 3rd child and my 1st never would latch on to a bottle -LRB- forgot the kind of bottle I tried -RRB- , my 2nd did but it was a fight every time -LRB- medela bottles -RRB- , and thirds a charm I guess using the drop-ins with these nipples . Hope this helps !
 These nipples have been the best for my own 4 children , my 5 nieces , 2 nephews , 2 god daughters , and 3 younger sisters . Playtex Nursers are truly the closest to breast that my entire family has ever discovered through trial and error.A quick google search online will show you several blogger tests that state these drip slower than any other bottle nipple , which is essential for breast fed babies because they choke on faster flows !
 I bought these to replace the ones for bottles I 've had in storage for a few years . Seem to work great .
 I purchased a 3 pack of the vent air bottles from my local store and i didnt notice they were 3-6 month nipples so i went back to purchase the correct nipples and they didnt stock them . So i came on here and ordered these with no complaints factory sealed genuine product at a great price .
 I love these ventaire nipples . I used them with my first son & never had any problems with milk leakage . He also never had colic , which may or may not be related to the bottles/nipples . Works as well as the more expensive anti-reflux feeding systems . I will use them again when my newborn begins bottle feeding .
 I bought these for my new grandson and they work well . I had to some fast-flow here a while ago . I would recommend them .
 Love this product , I received the fast flow nipples as part of my baby shower gifts.The fast flow were too much for my twins to handle . so I purchased these as a transient substitute , works pretty good .
 My little granddaughter seems to be picky about which bottle nipple she will use . These VenAire Advanced Wide Natural shaped silicone nipples are her preference . We have tried a lot of them and find these work the best .
 I love the wide nipples . My son never suffered from nipple confusion . We started with pumped milk and some formula when he was a few days old and he goes back and forth from bottle to breast with no issue at all .
 This Product is Fantastic . My daughter was having trouble finding just the nipples in the stores with out the bottels . So I got on line and found these we matched up the lines and ordered them to give them a try and see if they were the correct ones . They were and they are thicker than the ones she had purched at the store and much easier to was out . We will order again in the bigger sizes , thank you for makeing this impossible search much easier .
 How do you review things you do n't use yourself ? All I know is my baby takes this without a fuss and it is what I need for her . Price-wise I ca n't tell since we ca n't find this at other stores where they only carry the fast flow nipples . I 'd like to think I got a good deal from Amazon with free shipping and no tax .
 We were surprised when we open the box and it came with all sorts of potty training goodies ! Stickers , coloring book , crown , and more.Only complaint : The diapers were not quite as good of quality as I was expecting . They do the job though , just not as confidence inspiring as Huggies .
 As soon as my kids weighed enough , I started using pull-ups -LRB- well before they were even close to potty training -RRB- . Once they can put weight on their feet , sometimes it is much easier to stand them up and pull on a pull-up , then to try and put a diaper on a baby who is struggling and trying to turn over , crawl away , etc. . . These are much better than Easy-ups as they are easier to take off and you can unfasten and refasten them if needed . BTW - the stickers and crown that come with this set are very cute .
 I love the fact that this uses dry heat so you can put plush items in it as well as hard . It 's not huge , & the only down side , is the prongs that stick up in the container . They can make it a little difficult to fit things in sometimes . But overall , I love it ! It is extremely low maintenance because all you do is plug it in & press the button to start . It stops on it 's own . It 's very handy for all of those little baby items , including nipples , bottles & breast pump accessories . I would recommend it to anyone .
 So far it works great , the only problem is the loud sound it made -LRB- especially at night -RRB- . I put different sizes of bottles and pump parts in and it 's not too small to me , but I agree that design could be improved , think the dividers inside are not necessary , more items could fit in without these dividers .
 This is a great sanitizer for small items like pacifiers and rattles , but it does n't really fit larger toys like stuffed animals . The reason it does n't fit larger toys is that there are permanent dividers that limit what you can put in it . There is also no latch to keep the lid on so that larger , softer toys , like the Whoozit , will simply pop the lid off . That being said , it works great on small items -LRB- note that you can not put items with electronic components in it -RRB- . I used it to clean my twins ' toys daily when my daughter had a stomach bug and my son never got it .
 My daughter is almost 7 months now and I sanitize all her pacifiers and her toys that I 'm not able to wash .
 We keep this in our kitchen and sanitize dropped baby toys and pacifiers as needed . It takes a 30 minute cycle , and you just put things in and walk away . It has n't damaged anything vs. sanitizing in the washing machine - and I do n't have to worry about any chemical residue from spray sanitizers . We 've even started to use it on more things around the house like toothbrushes , etc. to periodically clean them . I think it 's great !
 I really like this sanitizer . The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because I wish that it was bigger so I could fit bottles and things slightly larger in it . But , I do put her pacifiers and bottle nipples in there .
 I bought this unit thinking water is required , but it is not necessary to operate this machine . It was not obvious based on the item description , which was somewhat of a surprise when I opened the box . Our baby does not play with toys yet , but I can see it becoming necessary to keep them free of viruses . The receptacle in which they items are placed could be larger because it only will accomodate a small number of your baby 's toys .
 It 's a great product to sanitize all the toys you drop on the floor in public places that ca n't be washed by hand or put into the washing machine .
 The only reason I did n't give this 5 stars is because I would really like for it to be about twice it 's size . I bought this for my church nursery to be used in the babies room . It 's nice to be able to just throw the toys into something to sanitize them after the infants have gummed and chewed on them for hours . It 's nice to now that they 're really being cleaned now .
 I am a big fan of this sanitizer ! I use it for my baby 's pacifiers , toys , etc. , at home , plus I bring home toys from our church nursery to sanitize in it . It 's true that you ca n't fit big items in it , but I can squeeze a lot of stuff in . I would definitely buy it again .
 The Germ Guardian NS-2000 Nursery Sanitizer was exactly what I expected and more . This is a great item ! I love it
 I have been very pleased with the Germ Guardian . We got one for my first grandchild and it worked so well that when the next grandchild came along I got one for my house . My son had gotten a different kind for his house and liked mine so much that he bought one for his house . They do n't take up a lot of space either !
 I bought a microwave sterilizer , a dishwasher sterilizer , and do n't use them !! I only use this for everything - it sterilizes bottles , nipples , toys , balls , sophie the giraffe , keys , dog leashes , teethers etc ! Note that it is small , so you will need to stick your bottles in strategically -LRB- 6 Dr Brown bottles will take 3 `` sessions '' -RRB- AND you also have to be careful b/c it WILL melt some things -LRB- bottle brushes , for example -- the plastic gets pretty gross when melted ! -RRB- but it 's a timesaver and lifesaver for me . I run the sterlizer OVERNIGHT , too . You do n't have to think about it , and 20 minutes later , you have clean -LRB- and DRY -RRB- bottles !! My son is now 10 months old , and I 've had this for 7 months . I wish I had it earlier . I now recommend it to everyone I know .
 This is a great sanitizer ! We have one that has to be filled with water and put in microwave and germ guardian.We 've been owing them for 2 months . We used the microwaveable only once-too much fuss about water and cleaning . Germ guardian is a life saver-I use it several times a day to sterilize bottles , nipples , pacifiers , pump parts , toys . It 's GREAT . Easy to clean as well . Just rinse the container with soap and water once in a while and that 's it :-RRB- Saves you time-use this time to bond with your baby !!! Love it ! P.S. the only minus is that the container is small . And do n't put there musical toys or teethers with water inside !
 This is a great sanitizer ! We have one that has to be filled with water and put in microwave and germ guardian.We 've been owing them for 2 months . We used the microwaveable only once-too much fuss about water and cleaning . Germ guardian is a life saver-I use it several times a day to sterilize bottles , nipples , pacifiers , pump parts , toys . It 's GREAT . Easy to clean as well . Just rinse the container with soap and water once in a while and that 's it :-RRB- Saves you time-use this time to bond with your baby !!! Love it ! P.S. the only minus is that the container is small . And do n't put there musical toys or teethers with water inside !
 So you wait 15-20 minutes and it is n't that `` big '' but you do n't have to boil , boil , boil and get dry hands due to the constant washing of your nipples , breast pump items , etc.After reading these reviews , I 'm amused by the attitude of entitlement so common with these negative reviews . I do n't know why people expect an industrial sized heat sterilizer for $ 50 . If you are willing to spend hundreds if not upwards of a thousand for a hospital sized heat sterilizer , then okay , go get one -- this is meant to fit in your kitchen for your small rubber ducky and small nipples/binkies . I just started pumping a few days ago and it was driving me crazy having to wash everything manually then stressing about whether I washed the items sufficiently , then boiling . It took me much longer than 30 minutes to get things sterilized so that I felt comfortable . So as a back up , I have the dr. brown 's microwave sterilizer for times when I only have under 10 minutes to spare -LRB- but then my parts are still wet -RRB- and now I have this sterilizer . It works for me!People , seriously , $ 50 and you 're complaining about the size and time it takes ? For me , this is a time saver!My only concern was whether this sterilizer was , indeed , effective . It if does sterilize well , which seems to be the case -LRB- after some research -RRB- , then it 's an amazing buy and well worth the $ 50.PS -- I do n't think this item is `` too loud '' . In fact , I love the fact that this item produces VERY effective white noise for my colicky one . It sounds like the vent in your bathroom but not as loud . I 've turned it on when I do n't need to sterilize just to quiet down my crying baby !
 This is a small sanitizer that works well to sterilize pacifiers and teething items , or other SMALL things your child may touch . It takes 30 minutes for one cycle to run , and uses dry heat , so you can sterilize small toys and things you would not put in a dishwasher or washing machine . It is not designed to sterilize bottles or bigger items .
 My daughter got thrush and so we had to sanitize everything our doctor recommended a nursery sanitizer so we purchased this one . We love it ! Now we use it for everything . Every time I wash her bottles I throw them in and then put them up . Her toys go in once every other day . She 's three months old now and I still use it at least twice a day and she has n't gotten thrush again since .
 I have 4 kids and moms are always telling me that you do not even wipe off the pacifiers when they drop on the floor after baby # 2 comes along . Not me this product is awesome . I feel so much better cleaning my babies toys and pacifiers in this machine . This is what I now buy for every baby shower I go to .
 I recently bought my daughter a bunch of teething toys that are stuffed animals with the teethers on the hands and feet -LRB- that do not have liquid in them -RRB- , a couple of material books with the teethers on them and some other toys . I thought I would be able to wash them with her clothes -LRB- being that they do n't have any electrical parts -RRB- when I got them home every single one I bought said do not immerse in water to clean it only with a damp cloth . Because of the fact that they are often dropped on the dirty floor and in the store most of them are hanging up for everyone with DIRTY HANDS to touch and play with -LRB- if you pay attention to the amount of people who use the bathroom , or pick their noses , or sneeze and wipe it on their hands , and only god knows what else they do , then they do n't wash their hands before they go to the store -RRB- , a damp cloth just is not enough to clean a toy my daughter will be putting in her mouth . Then I found this sterlizer , I love it . I use it on all of those toys , mostly stuffed animals and it works great . I do n't use it for bottles . I have a microwave sterlizer for those things or I use the dishwasher . I think this is worth buying just to use it on the toys . Almost every single toy that is material or plush in the store says , `` do not immerse in water use only a damp cloth to clean '' . This is not for toys that are electrical or that have liquid in them like water filled teethers . Bottom line is this is the best way to clean stuffed animals , other material toys and pacifiers . -LRB- Also the `` prongs '' another reviewer refers to in the added pictures , that are the to hold up bottles and nipples I think four in total . I just took my dremel and a number 543 carbide cutting/shaping wheel and easily cut them down and smoothed them to be even with the bottom of the rest of the container . So now I can put more stuff and bigger stuff in it . -RRB- I love it .
 I 've owned the Guardian for more than a year now and I love it . It essentially works by blowing hot air up from the base of the unit through the clear blue container on top , and holes in the lid allow the hot air to escape through the top . The air is hot enough to sanitize items without burning even the most sensitive of baby 's items . I have stuffed nipples , pacifiers , small stuffed animals , even small board books with pages splayed into this machine.Pros : - Good Capacity - If you 're considering purchasing this item for santizing nipples , pacifiers , teething rings and other small items , this product has ample capacity to handle a good 10-12 items . If you 're looking for a sanitizer for bottles , this item may be too small as it will only handle two bottles -LRB- at the most -RRB- at a time . - Fast - Items are sanitized within 30 minutes . - Quiet - Operates fairly quietly . Not too loud.Cons : - You can not unplug this item during the sanitization process , so careful that you do n't start it up in a desired spot in the kitchen and then need to move , or leave it where a curious toddler may pull the plug out . Not sure what would happen if it was unplugged during the sanitization process , but there are multiple warnings on the product and accompanying materials stating not to do it!Overall , a great product at a good price providing peace of mind that baby 's items are sanitized .
 when my older daughter was little and we had playgroup and playdates in the winter , all the toys went into the freezer for a little quarantine ... now i do n't have to do that anymore ! i just put everything n here ! very cool , and convenient . especially if you use pacifiers ! my only qualm is that it is a bit small . i would love to dump everything in at once , but it dows take a few ` loads ' . but you do n't have to do anything-totally effortless ! i love this!we are big into the germ guardian stuf here too , i have the personal air purifier that i wear around my neck and it made a huge difference when we were having construction done . but that 's another story ...
 Hi , I am a working pumping and supplementing mom . Needless to say I go through a lot of bottles and pump parts . I love this unit and have been using it many times a day since day 1 . I read some of the reviews on here and I 'm surprised how many moms are worried about only being able to fit a few things in at a time . Yes , it 's small , but all of my bottles and such do n't have to be cleaned at the same time . What I do is I just rinse my pump parts and bottles when I 'm done using them , using a bottle brush and water , no soap , put what will fit in the sanitizer , press the button , and go do something else for 30 min . And I do put the items in wet , and have never had a problem with it . After 30 minutes I come back and put the next load in , easy peasy , till everything 's done . I save a ton of time because I do n't have to wash with soap , or dry , or worry about when I 'm going to run the dishwasher next . It has really made my life easier.Oh , and Medela collection bottles and pump parts fit just fine . I can get 4 collection bottles in it at the same time . I can get 2 breastshields plus one more 4oz bottle in at the same time . Of course , my LO only drinks 4oz at a time , so we only use the small bottles . The bigger 8-10oz bottles you can only fit in one at a time , so that might be difficult for some . But it works great for me and I love it .
 I am actually getting ready to try to sell our Tour backpack since all of our kids have outgrown it . We bought it in 2006 when our now 7 year old was just under a year old . I am a diligent mama and would have been well aware of any recalls , of which there were none for the model and year we bought it . We have used it extensively with all three of our kids . We have seen NO deterioration in any of the parts . It has gone with us on more than half a dozen airplane trips and was always a great way to get through the airport and very easy to check at the gate . I highly recommend this pack under the name Tour or whatever model name it has now .
 We love love this product ! It is no longer being made -LRB- NOT due to recalls !! -RRB- but the Mijo is nearly the same . Light weight , easy and comfortable to wear ! We have used it for 2 years now .
 These are the best nipples we found for my breastfed baby . He did n't have any trouble going back and forth between breast and bottle . The fast flow really does the trick now that he 's older -- we switched from the slow flow nipple at around 4 months . With the fast flow , he can drink an 8 oz bottle in 10 minutes.In all fairness , you can get these at Target . However , they frequently run out of them -LRB- they ALWAYS have the slow flow in stock -RRB- , and it was worth it to me to have them shipped instead of checking at Target every week .
 Have n't used the product yet but I 'm sure its great !!! and it shipped on time as they said . THANKS !!!
 This is a great bedrail . It is so much easier to use than the old one I had for my son . Side is easy to move up and down for making the bed , which is GREAT !!! And , it stays in place securely once the side is raised . We ordered this for my daughters toddler bed because it said it was compatible . However , when we received the box , it said NOT to use on toddler beds . Every other bedrail on the market -LRB- that we found -RRB- said the same thing . So my husband found a safe way to attach the rail to the bed under the mattress , rather than just relying on the weight of the mattress to hold it up . So it works for us . Just be aware of this if you are looking for a bedrail for a toddler bed . The company who makes this was very helpful when I called with questions about it . Pleasant customer service !
 We picked these guard rails based on user feedback on amazon . After our daughter was 2 years and 2 months , we swapped out her crib with a full size bed . Initially we only set up the box spring and mattress with these guard rails in her room . They are very easy to attach and stayed in place securely . Given the age of our daughter she still rolls around the bed just like when she was in the crib . We have even found her lying right up against the rail and it held her in place . Last month we moved the mattress set onto the bed frame , lifting it even higher off the ground . The railings have the ability to collapse when we need to get things like toys/books off the bed . This is one of the key features we love about it.Ease of assembly - very goodsturdiness - excellent
 I would n't say this is the best product out there , but for the price it does serve its purpose . I have never been able to get it lowered , eventhough it will , or I should say is suppose to.All in all , I am happy with it . It does keep my son from falling out of bed at night . We have it on a queen sized bed .
 My granddaughter 's parents tell me that this is a great product ! Not only does it keep our little one from rolling off her bed , it also is constructed so that she does n't get stuck in any of its spaces and cause her injury . They tell me that they 're recommending it to all of their friends who have a similar need .
 This works great ! My 2 year old never fell out of the bed , and it folds down to make the bed . The best feature for us was that it folds up and comes with a bag , so we were able to take it with us on trips for in hotels/guest room beds . It made my daughter feel confident , safe and comfortable no matter where we were .
 I bought this for my 21/2 year old granddaughter . We had just gotten her a full size bed and of course , did n't want her falling out . It was a little hard to get to stay clicked on top , but we did get it done . The only problem you are supposed to be able to let it down when not needed , which you can , but I guess her mattress and boxspring are not thick enough or the frame is not high enough because we do n't have enough room to let it down . I hits the floor 12 inches from the bed . We could raise the frame but then the bed would be hard to get in and out of for her .
 The product is good -- does what it 's supposed to do -- but the directions are n't great and it 's easy to whack yourself upside the head if you 're not careful .
 Green ? Check ! Foamy ? Check ! Got a frog on the bottle ? Check ! The kids love this stuff . It cleans them up and leaves a light fruity scent behind . Makes it really easy to know when the kids washed their hands!The only bad thing about this soap is the residue . If the kids get a little overzealous with the pump , the cool foam becomes a sticky mess . Luckily , if you catch it in time it is really easy to clean up . And leaves your counter smelling nice , too!The refills are great ! The first bottle you buy comes with a removable pump and you can just move it from refill to refill . Easy and saves a couple of bucks over time .
 Great soap for kids . They can easily wash and rinse hands on their own .
 My daughter LOVES this soap ! It is perfect for potty training in learning to wash hands . The green color is fun and gives a child something that is their own , making hand washing fun . And the smell is great ! I was disappointed when our local stores quit carrying this in stock but SO excited to see it 's an AMAZON !
 My kids love Pampers Kandoo Foam Handsoap . It 's easy to rinse off so save for little kids -LRB- 2-3 year-old -RRB- to use . My kids are 6 and 8 now and they just do n't want to quit this . I am so happy to find this refills on Amazon . I only saw Kandoo Foam Hansoap refills at Target but much pricier . It saves a lot of money than buying the regular bottle with pump .
 I have been using this hand soap on a consistent basis for several years . I find it is gentle to my skin , effective , and rinses reasonably well -- especially if diluted to desired strength . I even use it to clean our little doggie when necessary . I trust this soap and keep plenty on hand because it has become difficult to find in stores .
 The green color and thick foam is perfect for little ones learning to wash hands well . It smells good too !
 I ordered this several months ago and am still on the 1st bottle ! Because it is foaming , it lasts much longer . We all use it ! Has a nice smell . Glad I like it since I 'll have it for a whole lot longer !!!
 I had problems with my son not washing his hands every time he used a bathroom . And every time he did wash his hands there was a total mess all around the sink . So I 've decided to go for foamy soap in a fun package to encourage him to do the right thing . It worked like a charm . Now his hands are washed EVEN if not necessary AND my sink is always clean .
 We have used the Kandoo hand soap for a few years now and I find that the brighter the color of the soap , the more likely my kids are to wash their hands . The only drawback is the streaks of purple or green all over my vanity.So , being `` green '' I bought the refills but someone threw away the dispensers since they were empty . But now I ca n't find the soap anywhere . I am sure that I can use another dispenser .
 This potty is the sh@# -- my daughter loves this so much . Never has bye bye pee pee , bye bye poo poo been cuter . It is sturdy and well built , but would you expect less from a Sesame Street product . The clarity of the Elmo voice is perfect , too .
 THE ELMO POTTY IS VERY WELL CONSTRUCTED , WE WERE VERY PLEASED , AND MY GRANDBABY LOVED THE IDEA OF ELMO ON IT !
 I purchased this item for our son , since he loves Elmo . I thought I fell into the commercial trap of buying fun over function , but so far so good.I had some concerns , given the reviews on this item , but it appears that many have been rectified by the manufacturer . The three main items I had concerns with -LRB- from the reviews -RRB- were 1 . ability to easily take off the top to empty the waste tray . 2 . the noise of Elmo and the confusion to the child on the potty . 3 . the pee deflector . Here are my thoughts . On the first point , the top comes right off , so there 's no issue with using one hand to disassemble and clean . Just make sure that you lift gently without putting a lot of pressure on pulling up . Since there are 6 arms that insert into the base , any forceful pressure is going to make stick . Number two with the noise - there 's an on/off switch inside , so you can choose if you want to have it on or not without taking out the batteries . On the third point , the pee deflector is tight . As an adult , I have to use two hands to put it in and extra force with one hand to pull it out . There 's no way my son can pull this out when sitting on it.I 'm a stickler for design and I always scrutinize the quality of anything I buy . I think this item has a nice design , which I do n't often find myself saying with manufactured items for children . The form/function of being able to use the top on the toilet fits tightly and appears sturdy . With the top off , the remainder doubles for a step stood , which is nice . The one thing that you may want to replace on this is anti-sliding skids . They are a hardened plastic and slow movement , but do not stop it . If you buy some rubber strips from the local hardware store -LRB- the kind that peel and stick -RRB- and place these on the bottom , that issue is resolved.The issue of the hand being right in the way of the child 's leg is definitely true . Our son tends to move his legs off to the sides for support anyway , so it does n't appear to be an issue . Worse case , you just turn the sound off.Our son loved the potty from the moment he saw it and pranced around the house with it in his arms for days .
 My son LOVES elmo and this potty works perfectly . The splash guard is removable . I keep it off . It does make me have to clean up more often but it keeps my son from getting hurt when sitting down . Also , Elmo 's voice is exactly the same as it is on the show . Perfect for us .
 We did a lot of research before deciding on a potty chair . There is a lot of competition and one thing I was especially concerned about was the pee guard injuring my little boy . I had read many reviews on different potty chairs about their boys hurting themselves when they stand up and even being cut by the rough edges of the pee guard . This potty chair is 5 stars in this department . The guard is soft flexible plastic and I actually like the fact that it 's easily removable . My guy does n't have any interest in pulling it off , though if he was I 'm sure I 'd not be crazy about it either.My son is very tall for his age and many of the potty chairs we 've tried were just too short for him . This one is still a bit short , but better than any other we 've tried . He seems to really like sitting on it and he gets down to business right away , something he never did with other potty chairs and I assume it 's because they were just uncomfortable.I also love that this one duos as a step stool for use in front of the sink when brushing teeth , washing hands , etc. . It also works great when you use the removable seat on the big potty to help your little one get up onto the seat.Overall , it 's very versatile and I like most of the features . Though I do have to agree that Elmo is very annoying ! As other reviewers have stated , the `` high five '' is n't much of a reward when it 's constantly getting bumped before your little one is even done on the potty . I , too , took the batteries out of ours to avoid the headache . My son does n't even really care for the voices and that 's not why we bought it anyway.My one major gripe -LRB- now that Elmo is silenced ! -RRB- is that it can be cumbersome to take the seat off the base for emptying the pot . I did n't see any other reviewers mention this so I thought I 'd better . It 's secured by 4 tabs that you occasionally have to push in from underneath to release . Imagine how fun that is with a pot full of poop and pee ! If it were n't for the fact that this potty chair is also a step stool and works with the big potty as well and that it is the perfect size for our little guy , I would not have kept it . But compared to all the other chairs we tried , this one fit our needs the best .
 I bought this for my almost 2 yr old daughter who is just recently potty trained . She loves this seat and has to push elmos hands a couple times every time she uses it . The only thing I dont care for is that you have to remove the white seat to dump the potty , but on a positive note compared to other seats i 've had my 2 yr old cant remove it herself this way she wont make a mess trying to empty the potty herself and its not hard to remove or place back ! When she sits on it her leg presses elmos hand so he sounds off till she is done , but she loves it ! The potty container is not to small like other seats either , its got a good size to it .
 I just bought this potty for my 22 month old . She loves Elmo so I thought she would be more likely to use it since Elmo is on the front . The Pro 's to this potty is that it is a good height for my toddler to sit on with her feet flat on the floor . The 3-in-1 feature is also nice.Cons
 My son has been using it for a couple years now and has even been moved around from home to home and it is still in good condition . Please make sure you put the seat in correctly though so the plastic stick things do n't bend but it still is flexible enough not to break and it will still fit in perfectly as it should be .
 I loved this bag for my son when he was in pre-K . its a great bag . .
 One of my favorite recent discoveries , Tongue album is a great piece of late 60 's obscure rock and roll . Has a hard rockin ' edge , cool vibes , good keyboards and vocals . Actually one of the best albums yet on the cool Gear Fab label .
 We have a peter rabbit theme in our baby 's room , and by the picture on the website I was unable to see that this also had little rabbits on the Toile . It is so cute ! I am so happy with the purchase . The blanket is super soft , and the quality of the basket is good - it seems that we will be able to use it for a while due to the length and width . I also like the fact that the handles stay more upright , and do n't fall in towards the baby . The only negative is that the sheet on the cushion is hard to get off to clean and it is n't as soft as I would like .
 I bought this basket for my new born baby and it has been very handy . The material does n't seem to be strong enough at first , but after two month , we still feel very comfortable putting our baby in it . If you are looking for a Moses basket , I would recommend this one . I actually bought another one before this one , it 's cheaper but as soon as I opened the package I decided to return that one .
 Having seen Moses baskets in pictures only , I was completely dependent on the reviews of others to make my choice of this item for my daughter 's baby shower . I was not disappointed . Realizing it is n't meant to be used for an infant much beyond newborn age , one still needs to be sturdy as well as attractive and I am 100 % happy with this purchase . Certainly I would advise it for others and I hope when my daughter receives it next week she is as pleased with it as I am .
 I researched all of the different types of Moses Baskets and prices . Tadpoles , BY FAR , had baskets of the most quality & beauty . I filled the basket with a memory book , blanket and outfit that matched . As it was too large to wrap with ordinary wrapping paper , I went to the craft store for the pink cellophane wrap that is used for Easter Baskets . You were able to see the basket through it , but it still looked like it was beautifully wrapped ! I pulled the four edges of the wrap together at the top & secured them with a pink child 's hair elastic . Then I chose a pink & floral ribbon to tie around it . This basket looked like a MILLION BUCKS ! It even smells good , as it is woven from palm leaves . This basket comes in GREEN PINK TOILE , as well & is every bit as beautiful . It comes with a little pillow and fleece blanket with a `` companion pattern '' gingham trim . Could n't be happier with this item that I purchased for a great price -LRB- same basket was more expensive on all of the other web sites . -RRB- PLUS FREE SHIPPING ! Ca n't beat it with a stick!Susicatrin ~ ~ Boston , Ma
 I guess I did n't read carefully enough in the description . It is very cute and soft , but it is barely bigger than a burp cloth . I think it is for show only as it has no usable function that I can discern . Still , for the discounted price , it is quite sweet and may be a darling little `` woobie '' to carry around one day !
 I think these work okay . My 15 month old son is able to hold them and scoop some food on to them and get them to his mouth . The only problem I see is when he is trying to eat with his left hand . It does n't work so well because these are just right handed untensils . Other than that , they are sturdy !
 good for me are perfectthis is beautiful and i like it a lotthanks for the puntuality on the shipment
 Livy loves these ... She chews and sucks on the animals , yuck ! Just the right size for her cute little hands
 I guess I did n't read carefully enough in the description . It is very cute and soft , but it is barely bigger than a burp cloth . I think it is for show only as it has no usable function that I can discern . Still , for the discounted price , it is quite sweet and may be a darling little `` woobie '' to carry around one day !
 My wife and I swear by the Cradle Me Swaddle Blanket . We received it as one of our shower gifts and it had to be one of , if not the most , useful of them all ! We loved it so much that now that my brother and sister-in-law are having a baby , we wanted to get one for them . The problem we faced was that since it was a gift , we were unsure of the name . We remembered what it looked like and that something was stiched on the back , but nothing else . To make a long story short , we loved the Cradle Me Swaddle Blanket so much , that I just scowered the internet for over 2 hours to find the product without knowing it 's name . It 's the best !
 Love this stuff ! Works great on my boys and is safe , plus has a pleasant scent -LRB- NOT overpowering or icky like some of the safe moisturizers -RRB- . Will be purchasing again !
 First of all , I love Earth Mama . The lotion itself is great for baby 's gentle skin . It absorbs quickly and leaves no sticky feeling behind . I bought this based on other great review for baby eczema . It 's a great lotion , but did n't help with his condition . The only reason I gave 4 stars because it 's not smell free . Do n't take me wrong , the lotion smells great , perfect balance of vanilla and orange taste . However , I just do n't like anything that overcomes my babies natural smell .
 I bought this lotion on the recommendation of a friend ... and really liked it ! As a first time mom , I 've turned into a a `` crazy organic mom '' according to my sister , so I was looking for really safe lotions . This smells like a orange cream-sicle , absorbs quickly , non-greasy , and moisturizes pretty well . The pricing on Amazon is good compared to other retailers . Compared to the California Baby brand , this one wins hands down . California Baby was pricier , has a `` waxy '' smell , a little filmy when dry , and causes a stinging sensation when I tried it on my own eye area , as a test to see how it felt on delicate skin . This lotion did n't cause any stinging .
 Lotion works fine and our baby has n't had any reactions . I chuckled when I just read one reviewer that mention that she thought it smells citrus-y and her daughter smells vanilla . It smells like both ! She smells exactly like a creamsicle -- both vanilla and orange .
 We love that this product is totally natural . If you like the smell of a creamsicle then you will definitely like the smell of this lotion , because thats what it smells like . It is a little runny , but leave the kids nice and soft .
 This lotion is great . It 's all natural and organic , so I feel comfortable using this on my baby 's skin -LRB- only if dry -RRB- . It is light and not greasy and smells wonderful -LRB- like a creamsicle ! -RRB- . So far it works well , but again , I only use it when absolutely necessary .
 We love this lotion for our baby . Not over powering and is gentle on her soft skin . We tried others and have always come back to this .
 I have the distinct pleasure of getting home most nights , just in time to stuff dinner down my throat and do bath time with my 17 month old baby girl . It 's some of the only 1 on 1 time we get during the week , so every quality moment counts . Her mother and I were noticing that especially in the winter , the baby 's skin was dry and patchy after her bath and that our current lotion just was n't up to mustard . We ordered this and other Earth Momma products and started using them immediately . Lotion time had been an Olympic event , I 'm sure because of the weird smelling greasy experience that was for baby . Now she dances a jig for lotion time , when I apply this great natural smelling , smooth and easily absorbed product .
 This lotion was highly recommended & did n't disappoint . Great smell , not greasy & helped soothe my 2 month old baby 's sensitive , dry skin .
 We use this on our infant and it smells wonderful and makes his skin so soft ! I love that it 's organic so you do n't have to worry about all those harsh chemicals that most mainstream baby lotions have . Also , it has a rating of 0 on cosmetic database so I feel safe about putting it on baby 's skin ! Love this stuff !!
 This lotion is good for babies and works well for moisturizing . I read an article in the Boston Globe about how most name-brand baby products are actually filled with toxic chemicals including formaldehyde . I decided I was n't going to expose my baby to these types of toxins , even if it was going to cost me a bit more . I checked the Environmental Working Group 's skin deep website at -LSB- ... -RSB- and was shocked to see that even products that advertise themselves as being wonderful and natural - like Aveeno - are filled with toxins that can alter hormone levels or lead to allergies.We 'd been using Burt 's Bees previously , and it is n't the worst , but this was much purer . I was sad to see that , because if you ca n't fully trust Burt 's Bees to be super-good for you , what can you trust ? I 'll probably still use the Burt 's on myself , but not on baby.Luckily , EMAB products really do n't break the bank given how long they last , are pretty easy to find on Amazon -LRB- unlike many of the best options on the EWG site -RRB- . I am a convert , and hope more people start using products like this and putting pressure on the big companies like Johnson and Johnson and Proctor and Gamble to shape up or ship out !
 have to keep buying this lotion . the only one that does n't burn my skin -LRB- has been a problem with other lotions -RRB- , is totally natural , and most of all makes my skin and my children 's skin glow.it does have a slightly greasy , slightly sticky feel , but i really do n't mind that - i know it 's just the olive oil and shea butter which are great for our skin.also , i keep our bottles in the fridge , it keeps the lotion less liquidy and keep the oil from separating out when the house gets too warm.i love this product and hope it 's always available .
 I wanted a fragrance that was n't dangerous or too strong . This lotion smells amazing , but the scent does n't last long . My kids have tried to eat it ! At least I know that if they had succeeded , the ingredients would not have been harmful -LRB- at least in a small dose ! -RRB- . Have bought several bottle of Earth Mama Angel Baby Lotion and will continue ! Thanks to EWG for the recommendation !
 we have tried many kids lotion brands in 2.5 years , and this is the best we ever got . It 's not too thick , very easy to put on , very easy for skin to absorb , and smells fantastic - not too strong and too artificial . Love it ! We will for sure keep using it .
 this is one of the few baby lotions that doesnt contain patroleum -LRB- carcinogen -RRB- and other junk . its also one of the only products taht EWG.org states to not contain horrible crap taht is bad for baby . it smells great -LRB- light vanilla/peach scent -RRB- and it goes on smooth . great product . i cant say enough about it !
 I really love this lotion for my baby ! It smells amazing -LRB- I agree with another review that it smells like a dreamsicle -RRB- , and it makes my baby 's skin really soft and moisturized . And best of all I know that it does n't have any chemicals or artificial ingredients that will be harmful to him . I have even thought about using it for myself because I love the scent so much . The only down side is the price . I wish either the price were lower or you got a bigger bottle for the price .
 I love this organic lotion for baby . My daughter has sensitive skin and the earth mama products leave it soft and smelling sweet . Perfect from newborn on .
 Incredible , smells just like a creamsicle ! Hard to believe this stuff is nontoxic , because it smells better than the stuff you find at the mall in certain chain stores . And it is the best feeling lotion I have ever tried , soaks in immediately and leaves no icky residue . I bought this for my 18 month old son because we use the Earth Mama Angel Baby body wash , but now we all want to use it , even my husband ! Definitely will buy again , and amazon 's price is about 4 dollars cheaper than the health food stores
 I first got a sample of this lotion from a whole foods store ... I absolutely loved it ! All those main stream baby lotions have so much junk in them I ca n't believe that people actually still use them . This lotion was amazing . Goes on nice , lasts forever , truly moisturizes skin without feeling heavy.I have given up my expensive face creams and use this instead . I use it on both my boys 16 months and 6 yrs.I can see how it might cause some irritation on exceptionally sensitive skin because of the orange oil , however we have never had any problems at all and we have sensitive skin.I give this as a gift for every parent and recommended it to a local spa here in North Dakota.Fabulous !
 I tried many different brands before trying this one , from Aveeno , J&J ; , California Baby , as soon as I put the other brands on it it was smooth but my little girl would wake up with her legs so dry the next day . Not with this one though , her skin still soft after 24 hrs of usage but the good thing is that it does not leave it oily . And I LOOOVE the smell , is so good that I feel like biting my little one , he he . This is my second bottle already.Well worth it , simply wonderful product !!
 This lotion smells great and helps my newborn 's skin stay soft in the dry heat we have at home -LRB- It 's winter and all of the radiators emit awful dry heat ! -RRB- . I put it on her in the evening when we do a little massage to help her sleep , and after changing her .
 I was using aveeno baby lotion on my little one initially . But once I found out that on the EWG 's skin deep database that it had a 4 or 5 rating -LRB- do n't remember if it was 4 or 5 -RRB- , which means moderately harmful , I stopped using it and was looking for something natural for my baby . I bought Earth mama lotion as this had a 0 rating , which is the best score and I have not been dissappointed . quite happy with my purchase , only con i can think of is I feel it could smell better . . maybe more babyish ? I love the smell of jhonson & jhonson 's baby products , I grew up thinking that 's how a baby should smell . I now realize j & j might not be the best product out there for babies , but I wish this smelled more sweeter like j & j . This lotion has a mild orange scent , which is just okay .
 Our baby has gotten dry patches on her arms and cheeks this winter . We tried organic coconut oil and a homemade lotion , but nothing worked except this lotion . Within a couple of days of multiple applications the dry patches are noticeably reduced . We love the organic ingredients and would highly recommend this lotion .
 It has been so dry and I love this lotion for my six month old 's skin . I worry about other lotions on him , since he is teething and constantly sucking on his hands , but since this does n't have anything weird in it I know it 's okay if he ends up with a little residue making it to his mouth . It smells like a Creamsicle but is not overpowering -- and it definitely fades pretty quickly once on the skin . It has helped keep my son 's skin from getting scaly during these dry winter months , and I have also found that a little goes a long way .
 No kidding this lotion smells just like a 50/50 bar . Not your normal baby smell but not off-putting either . Consistency is nice . Love that I do n't have to worry about putting this on my baby . Have yet to try it on my hyper sensitive skinned toddler but fingers crossed , it hydrates without irritating .
 Very smooth , and moisturizes the baby skin very well . Very pleasant smell and overall a very nice lotion for baby skin .
 I bought this to use for my baby but now have a subscription for myself too . This the best hand cream I 've used . It 's the perfect consistency and smells awesome .
 It is Extremely hard to find any product that is truly organic and All natural - this is both in one bottle - their whole product line is - any one that gives poor reviews on these products are insane!Someone commented they would go back to using their Aveeno ... . which is loaded with chemicals - this is an all natural , organic product ! Why would you prefer chemicals?Zero toxins , all natural and truly organic - plus no vitamin E or A which is known to cause birth defects in high doses . This is a great product line and I love everything they make . Thank you ! xoMommies out there ... . breastfeed , cloth diaper , puree homemade organic food and give those little ones as much all natural , organic products as possible - it 's not hard , others who say it is - never even tried - Live happy , healthy and natural ... . it 's worth it *
 This is an amazing product . I love Earth Mama Angel Baby products . This makes my baby 's skin so soft and smell amazing .
 I bought this product after going on -LSB- ... -RSB- . I recently has twins and after researching Johnson & Johnson I realized how horrible it was for my babies ' skin . This smells amazing , and its does n't leave a greasy feeling on their skin . I used it on myself and I am impressed . I would recommend this product to every mother !
 I 'm surprised at the number of negative and neutral reviews of this product . We have used it for 5 + years -LRB- from birth -RRB- on our two daughters after every bath . Our oldest developed eczema at 12 mo. due to food allergies , and dietary changes plus homeopathics cleared it up . The lotion was soothing but wo n't clear up eczema . We love the smell -LRB- vanilla-orange -RRB- , and it 's not greasy or thick , so it smooths over skin easily and sparingly . I wo n't put anything else on our children , and I use it myself occasionally .
 I have been using this lotion for 3 + years on my daughters and I love it ! It works great and best of all , I do n't have to worry that I am slathering toxic junk all over my child 's skin . I have used many of the Earth Mama Angel Baby products and have never been disappointed .
 Great lotion . It definitely does its job and I use it religiously . Smells good and seems to moisturize well .
 I tried this because it was on sale and am pleased with it . It is light in texture with a faint orange , sweet smell . In the high temperatures of summer the consistency thins to almost water , but if you cool it off it is thick enough to use . I would continue buying it for the right price .
 Our family has used Earth Mama Angel Baby products since our 6 year-old was born , and the quality has been consistently great . We have had the pleasure of meeting one of the company 's owners , and she is truly passionate about healthy and responsible baby care , which I love . -LRB- Paraben-free , yay ! -RRB- The Angel Baby Lotion is my favorite product , it smells like orange creamsicle and is n't too thick or heavily scented . The lotion moisturizes our baby 's skin just enough , and absorbs quickly . I like to use it on my own hands , too . One bottle is long-lasting , as just a few drops go a long way . Added bonus
 We recently bought this with the stretch mark oil and my wife loves them both . She was really dealing with smells bothering her , so I was leary buying this , but it smells wonderful . Kind of like a mixed citrus fruit meets the beach smell . She uses both - this in the morning and the oil at night before bed . No stretch marks yet and her skin feels great . It also helped with the itchy skin too . She also uses a cocoa butter lotion too to help with preventing stretch marks . I think it 's called Queen Helene or something . Overall , this stuff is great and Amazon makes it easy with their subscribe and save program .
 Love love love this lotion ! It smells so good ! It lasts forever , so eventhough it is n't the cheapest lotion , the bottle seems never-ending . My baby is 4 months old , and probably only the top inch is gone - and we use it every day . I would also say that it would smell delicious on a boy or a girl .
 This stuff smells heavenly . It 's simply amazing . I think it smells a little citrus-y but my daughter says it smells like vanilla . It contains both organic ingredients . I have never smelled anything like it . Pure . Natural . Amazing . The light scent lingers for some time . It 's not too powerful but you can tell that it 's there . It smells nothing like other ` baby ' lotions . I 've noticed that most organic products smell -LRB- feel or work -RRB- like their conventional counterparts . I will never go back to conventional -LRB- chemical filled -RRB- baby products again.This lotion is not greasy . This lotion goes on smooth and soaks right in . Does a great job getting rid of dry , itchy skin - even eczema - without the greasy or filmy feel of other lotions . And like other EMAB products , a little goes a loooong way . I use this lotion along with EMAB baby wash/shampoo , they are an amazing pair.I 'm hooked . This is the only lotion I will ever buy for my babies . It 's SAFE , effective , organic , works great and smells amazing . What more could you ask for in a lotion?This lotion does cost slightly more than conventional lotions but you can grab pretty good deals here on Amazon . I feel the extra cost is worth the peace of mind for using a safe lotion on your children . And it 's organic like all the EMAB products of which I have n't found one that I do n't like .
 I absolutely love this stuff . In my family we all use it . It moisturizes so well and it smells pretty nice too . I 've just recently switched to earth mama angel baby products and I wanted to try the body wash foam first and see how I liked it . Well I did , you 'll have to see my review of it over there . So I ordered this lotion . I was really pondering whether to order the Earth Mama butter or this . Well I wanted a product we could all use and after reading about rooibos and the good things it can do I chose this one . Not to mention it 's cheaper than the Mama butter lotion . So once it got here the first thing I did was toss the girls in the tub wash them up the Angel baby body wash , get them rinsed off and out of the tub . As I was putting this lotion on I noticed that it went so smoothly across the body . I did n't have to use a ton to cover every square inch . It soaked in rather quickly and my daughters ' skin felt like silk . Their skin even looked more radiant with a slight sheen . 3 hours later they still have very silky skin and smell great ! I 've been using it too and I love how it feels .
 I love Earth Mama products - especially the Angel Baby Bottom Balm ! So when I was looking for a safer lotion for my son 's skin I tried this first . We really like it . It 's smooth , not greasy . Goes on easily and absorbs easily . I love the mild citrus scent . We 've not had any rashes/reactions .
 I love putting this lotion on my baby during the day ! -LRB- I useCalifornia Baby Everyday Lotion - Calming , 6.5 Ouncefor nighttime . Each lotion performs equally as well ! -RRB- This lotion smells SO good . It seriously smells exactly like a creamsicle . If you happen to already have the Earth Mama baby shampoo , it smells similar to the Earth Mama Baby . However , the vanilla scent in it is stronger than the orange . The smell does n't seem to linger on forever once it 's applied to the skin . Although it does smell good , I 'm kind of happy that the scent does n't last forever since I love the smell of babies.It does a very good job moisturizing skin . It is n't greasy , it soaks in nicely and does n't seem to cause irritation . I 've even used it on my face and have n't experienced clogged pores or breakouts as a result . I noticed that my baby 's skin did n't seem to need constant applications of this lotion as she did when I used to use Johnson 's . This lotion does tend to sour if it 's not used right away - so try to use it up within 3 - 6 months . This is true of almost all natural lotions though that do n't contain synthetic preservatives .
 When my -LRB- now 11 month old -RRB- son was a newborn , he had extremely dry skin on his arms and legs . I did not want to use baby lotion on him because he was so little , but I finally broke down and tried some -LRB- we 'd received a gift basket with Baby Magic body wash and lotions -RRB- . The Baby Magic lotion seemed to help at first , but his skin kept getting more and more dry.I 'd heard about Earth Mama Angel Baby products but was hesitant to try them due to the price . But finally I broke down and bought their body wash and lotion for my son to see if they 'd help with his dry skin . Within just a few days of using them , the problem had mostly cleared up . Besides that , both the wash and the lotion have yummy orange-vanilla smell . Some people have complained about the lotion feeling `` thin '' , but I think it 's creamy and feels good - it 's just not overly oily or heavy , which to me is a plus . The body wash foams nicely and is actually easier to use than the Baby Magic stuff I was using before . The only caveat is that the body wash is NOT tear free , so you have to be careful not to get it in baby 's eyes.I 'm beyond happy with both the wash and lotion . They smell and feel great , and I feel better knowing that my son is not being exposed to so many harsh chemicals .
 I tried this lotion after I tried everything else for my son 's eczema . It has been a godsend ! It is the only thing that consistently keeps his eczema at bay . An added bonus is that it smells heavenly-sort of like an orange creamsicle . Sooo yummy !
 I picked up this lotion at a local store after having searched EWG database for the lowest toxicity products for my 11-month-old . I have been very pleased with the lotion , and my baby seems to like it even better than the Weleda baby lotion that we used previously -LRB- which we liked , but stopped using as it rated higher on EWG -RRB- . I find the scent pleasant but do understand how it might be off-putting if you do not like sweet/citrusy scents , or just want your baby to smell like , well ... baby ! I agree I 'd rather smell my sweet little one 's skin only , but the scent is all natural and seems rather soothing to her , so we alternate using this with simple pure sweet almond oil and find that it keeps her skin protected , soft and smooth but not `` oily '' . I find the consistency to be perfect - thin enough to absorb well , but still creamy.I use the lotion too - it 's great for the upper chest area and I like that it is non-toxic -LRB- other than the allergies/rashes which we have not had problems with so far -RRB- , since baby likes to put her hands on my upper chest while nursing . I 've been keeping it in the fridge , for freshness and because cold lotion feels great on a hot Summer day ! The Amazon `` subscribe and save '' price with free shipping makes this a reasonably affordable indulgence for us , and a little does go a long way . I like it enough that I plan to give this lotion to my new-mommy friends - re-packaged in a trial-size bottle as I have n't located a sample size .
 We have tried MANY different lotions over the past 31/2 years . This one is a clear winner . It is rich and creamy without being greasy . And it has a light orange scent that is pleasing and not overwhelming at all . I love the natural ingredients in this and it softens my son 's skin wonderfully . It lasts until the next day ! I even use it on myself sometimes ! Highly recommend .
 I do n't love citrus , so I am not a HUGE fan of the scent . It smells like a creamsicle . But , this lotion works great . I have even been using it ! Does not leave a greasy feeling . The scent is n't overbearing . I will be ordering this product again when it runs out !
 Great product , love the ingridients and smell , leaves baby silky smooth . Wanted a natural organic product and got it . Was a great deal buying from here instead of store
 my baby doesnt complain . seems to like the lotion . certainly likes the back rubs and massages that accompany the lotion !
 Love this lotion . Smells great , but not too strong . I think it is a good scent for a boy or a girl .
 I used this body lotion for 2 years since my daughter was born . And I changed to Aveeno lotion because it is a kind of expensive . But , I bought this product again for a gift because it is better than Aveeno lotion .
 We 've been using this lotion for over a year on our toddler . It works wonderfully in that it keeps her skin hydrated over night . Plus , it smells yummy - like a Dreamsicle ! I did try this lotion on our twins when they were smaller -LRB- they are still only 5 months -RRB- and my daughters skin did not react well to it . So , for the babies we 've had to stick with a super sensitive formula by a different brand . Other then that , we 've been happy with the Earth Mama lotion !
 Makes both mine and my LO 's skin feel super soft . It does have a citrusy scent , but I didnt mind it at all . The company seems very earth friendly too , which is nice .
 This is the only lotion I use on my three kids . I love everything about it . It 's pricey but worth it because of the peace of mind you have knowing you 're not putting chemicals on your babies .
 I 've recently began using this product line , and I am quite impressed . The products are well made , absorb well , and really moisturize my skin . It 's refreshing to have an effective product line that is modestly priced and safe for my family .
 I got this because I wanted to use a product that would be easy on my little one 's skin . I am still using it more than a year later . I use it in conjunction with a little oil or by itself to keep baby 's skin in good condition .
 Not too thick ! Just right ! We were looking for good quality lotion but not CVS junk ... This cream works well for dry skin areas !
 I like the smell of orange and vanilla , but the lotion can be a little greasy . I still enjoy the product though .
 This has a nice smell and my twins love it . I have sensitive skin so was worried they would as well so wanted a sensitive lotion for them
 I chose this lotion looking for a healthier lotion for my newborn and me . I have ecxema and this lotion is soothing and smells great . Its not greasy either .
 Super safe , smells great . This is a product that I feel 10000 % safe putting on my toddler . All ingredients are super safe . A comparable lotion would cost double . Love , love , love this stuff . Smells so yummy too .
 This lotion is amazing . It 's consistency is so smooth and glides right on my son 's cheeks , which are usually dry ! It smells sooooo good , like an orange creamsicle . I really love this product and it works great on his sensitive baby skin.Thank you Earth Mama Angel Baby !
 I tried this lotion after reading numerous labels - this may just very well be the only baby lotion with no preservatives or artificial fragrances - even the Burt 's Bees for sensitive skin has `` fragrance '' as an ingredient . This smells really nice and light , absorbs and moisturizes well , and is n't oily . It 's dry out here in California and we do have to moisturize multiple times between bathing , but that 's par for the course . We all use it and no one has any reactions . If they used glass or BPA-free containers and skipped the e-wax , I would have given them 5 stars .
 I love the feel of this lotion and the mild scent . Not too greasy ... just perfect ! Expensive , but worth it knowing I am putting a safe product on my baby .
 This is an amazing lotion ! It soothes my eczema like nothing else . Plus it smells like orange sherbet mixed with vanilla ice cream . If you have sensitive or itchy skin give this a try .
 I know this lotion is expensive , but so worth it ! No harsh chemicals , like so many other baby products ! Would recommend this to friends and family !
 Smells great -LRB- it is like a Creamsicle , like someone else said , but somehow it works -RRB- and it feels FABULOUS -- super soft , easily absorbed , very gentle . A splurge , yes , but we love it .
 I have to admit to being skeptical of this product after reading all the references to creamsicles ! After all it does seem kind of funny to me that an organic all natural product would smell like an artificial sweet treat , but anyway , I do like it . It has a unique smell , a hint of citrus tempered with -- something else . I like how it feels on my skin and my son 's skin . It is not greasy and seems to soak in fairly quickly . I like knowing that there is nothing bad in it -LRB- parabens , etc. , -RRB- and I can definitely see a difference in my boy 's skin . We moved from the humid East Coast to the bone dry Rockies and it was taking a toll on both of us -LRB- especially my hands -RRB- . Now I use this lotion after his bath and he sits still for almost the whole time and I get to moisturize my hands while I take care of him . Also , the 8oz is lasting a lot better than I thought it would . I am looking forward to trying more of their products .
 This pillow is :1 -RRB- Comfy for baby and mommy -LRB- inflate to optimum fullness for you -RRB- ; 2 -RRB- Travel-friendly due to being inflatable ; and3 -RRB- Easy to clean -LRB- not only can you machine-wash the easily-removed cover , but also the inner pillow is plastic so you can just wipe it off -RRB- . I also have a My Brest Friend and a Boppy knock-off , and this is my favorite . Our baby was uncomfortable on the My Brest Friend , and both of these other pillows were too bulky for travel and had difficult-to-clean inner pillows.As a bonus , we 've found the hand-pump , well , handy to pump up various other inflatable items .
 The pillow has some nice features but overall just is n't as comfy for me or my son as my Boppy nursing pillow . However , as a travel pillow it certainly works as intended.Pros : When deflated is nice and small for travel . You can detach the back rest and leave it at home if you want it even more compact.Easy to inflate/deflate by mouth -LRB- they give you a hand pump too but that defeats the small size for travel purpose -RRB- . Wipe-clean pillow -LRB- after you remove the cover -RRB- is nice for travel , and just in general.Fairly decent size and shape for nursingCons : Not nearly as comfy - baby tends to roll off to the side for some reason . Also not as cushy , and if you do n't put as much air in it just bulges in the wrong spots rather than getting any softer.Little bit of a plasticky smell - the material is basically like an inflatable pool toy.Basically I would n't get it instead of a traditional nursing pillow but as a supplement for travel it does the job .
 The quality of this prooducto and security that gives the baby are great , all pieces can be washed and not lose their shape . My baby loves it and my back too
 I gave this as a gift to my daughter . Is is very good for plus size mom . Takes a bit of getting used to how to position it but that seems normal with all the new skills required in being a first time mom .
 I 'm a first time Mom and I fully breastfeed my baby . I have no expectation how heavy to hold a baby for 15 minutes of nursing . Yeah . . in fact , a baby feels heavy after few minutes . So , this nursing pillow help me a lot to get use to this routine . I ca n't imagine my first few months of nursing without this pillow . Oh yeah , the best part is . . it has a back support . Very comfortable .
 I received this play gym as a shower gift prior to my childs birth . I also received a larger more elaborate play gym at the same time . Because this gym was smaller and more portable I started placing my munchkin in it at 3 weeks to stimulate and entertain her . The bold black and white designs and primary colors are perfect for a newborn to attempt to focus on and there are n't a ton of hanging toys to overstimulate or startle her . It folds up easily for carrying around the house or packing in the car for a trip to Grammie 's . You can even throw in a few extra toys when folded -LRB- it 's like a large purse or carrying bag -RRB- and know that they wo n't fall out on the way . At 2 months old and more playful the hanging toys were just the right height for her to bat at and she loved to gaze at herself and coo into the mirror . Now at 4 months old she still enjoys this mat . She can reach for and pull the toys toward her mouth -LRB- everything is soft with no parts that will come off -RRB- and I attach 1 or 2 of her favorite `` hangies '' from other mats to liven it up a bit . Overall I 'm pleased with the gym and would recommend it . I only gave it 4 stars because at times , especially when she pulls it , the overhead bar will tilt this way or that and you have to straighten it a bit to keep it upright .
 This is a colorful and imaginative toy for babies . We got it for my daughter when she was about 3 months old and she loved to lie on the mat and look at all the colorful toys above her and , eventually , played with them all with her little hands . She continued to love it even as she got older and only `` outgrew '' it around 10 months when we passed it on to a relative with a new baby . At night , when she would get cranky , we would just take off her clothes , lie her on this toy , and she would be happy for at least another 45 minutes - yep , it was that good ! I would recommend this toy and buy it again !
 My daughter loves this mat !! At 21/2 months she goes crazy everytime I lay her down on it . The mirror is great , she loves staring at herself in it and she loves trying to hit the toys . I only one issue with this mat . The bar falls over a lot and I have to rig it by placing somthing agaist it to keep it up . But for a yard sale find its an GREAT mat !
 This gym is amazing ! My 3-month-old spends hours looking at her hands grabbing at the arch and at the toys . All she wants to do is play with this gym , during every waking hour ! I do n't know what she would have done without it ! Clearly it is teaching her something that she is right at the age to learn .
 My daughter loved this ! We started putting her on it when she was a couple weeks old . She still enjoyed it at 51/2 months . Nice for traveling .
 Actually is a GREAT portable gym . My daughter enjoy a lot this gym , and she have 5 months!You can add toys -LRB- from linkadoos -RRB- to make it more entertainment .
 I bought one of these in another style before I had the baby and this one afterward because I loved them soooo much . The blanket is very very soft -LRB- minky -RRB- and thick . The blanket binding is cotton , not satin , but , I liked that feature and it does hold up after being washed many times . I only gave this four stars instead of five because it is * just * a few inches too short . If it were just slightly bigger , I do n't think I would use another blanket honestly .
 These training pants are great . They wo n't train your child , but they do keep her from making your floor a mess and if you have to go out somewhere while training . Once you make the switch to underwear and pull ups I do n't recommend using diapers anymore . These pants are great for night time training and going out of the house . They allow your child to feel `` wet '' with the mess of undies .
 have used this product since over a month , comparing to easy up from pampers , i liked this one better , better absorbing , and have n't had any leaks , just it tears easily on the sides , and a solution for that is just pull it up carefuly , other than that i 'm really happy with pampers feel n learn training pants .
 These pants seem comfy , have a nice fit and do hold the pee nicely . I have n't found a paper training pant yet that will make my kid want to run to the toilet - for that I use cotton ; however , for travel this works and has the functionality of a panty . The sides are strong and wo n't easily rip like some other trainers I 've purchased . That 's a major plus .
 These pants are easy for my 2 year old to put on and pull off by herself , and they are fairly absorbent . The only drawback to them is that they are sized kind of small , so the ones she is wearing now sometimes tear on the sides by themselves due to being a little too small . Also , the feel and learn liner does n't seem to affect her , so I 'm going back to Easy Ups -- same brand , no liner , cheaper .
 This COVER IS GREAT FOR THICK PADS . But NOT SO GOOD FOR THE ONES THAT COME WITH THE CHANGING TABLES . I have a 3-4 in . thick contour changing pad upstairs and this works Great , . . Because where the slits are for the restraining belt to go through fits good . This is because the pad is thick and the straps are more towards the outside edges of the table . However downstairs I only have the 1 in . pad and the location of the slits in the COVER make the straps be in the center of the table and I always to move them out of the way before I can put the baby down .
 I read other reviews where the changing table cover is thin . And , it is on the thin side . I put it over another cover and it fits very well and looks very good . It also holds up in the wash well .
 Great material . I washed twice and not change coler at all.Diferent the one I got from Baby `` R '' Us , that fade in the first wash .
 This changing cover fits the changing pad well and feels smooth to the touch . But it is very thin so if you do n't have a good cushion on the changing table already then this may not be right for you .
 These changing pad covers fit my changing pad from Wal-mart perfectly . Easy to use . The price could n't be beat plus they qualified for free shipping when the right amount was bought . Wash well and stains come out easily .
 I like this product , it fits very well the changing pad and it 's quite soft to my LO skin . I have been using for at least 6 months and the fabric is still soft .
 Great basic colorCa n't go wrong with this . Good quality for price . Would purchase again for sure . Cheapest price I found yet still good quality .
 This cover is soft , fits the contoured pad well , and washes nicely . Maize is a very pretty , soft yellow and it looks great in the baby 's room . We 're pleased with it !
 It is a little thin - but the price is great . I have a superhero themed nursery and this red cover works so well ! I also ordered a black fitted crib sheet from the same company and it 's also thin but again - the color options are great and the prices are great too .
 I like this product , it fits very well the changing pad and it 's quite soft to my LO skin . I have been using for at least 6 months and the fabric is still soft .
 Great basic colorCa n't go wrong with this . Good quality for price . Would purchase again for sure . Cheapest price I found yet still good quality .
 This cover is soft , fits the contoured pad well , and washes nicely . Maize is a very pretty , soft yellow and it looks great in the baby 's room . We 're pleased with it !
 It is a little thin - but the price is great . I have a superhero themed nursery and this red cover works so well ! I also ordered a black fitted crib sheet from the same company and it 's also thin but again - the color options are great and the prices are great too .
 This COVER IS GREAT FOR THICK PADS . But NOT SO GOOD FOR THE ONES THAT COME WITH THE CHANGING TABLES . I have a 3-4 in . thick contour changing pad upstairs and this works Great , . . Because where the slits are for the restraining belt to go through fits good . This is because the pad is thick and the straps are more towards the outside edges of the table . However downstairs I only have the 1 in . pad and the location of the slits in the COVER make the straps be in the center of the table and I always to move them out of the way before I can put the baby down .
 I read other reviews where the changing table cover is thin . And , it is on the thin side . I put it over another cover and it fits very well and looks very good . It also holds up in the wash well .
 Great material . I washed twice and not change coler at all.Diferent the one I got from Baby `` R '' Us , that fade in the first wash .
 This changing cover fits the changing pad well and feels smooth to the touch . But it is very thin so if you do n't have a good cushion on the changing table already then this may not be right for you .
 I have 3 boys , 13,10 , and 8 . I keep these wipes in all of our cars for everyone . They have a nice smell , soft to use , and your skin feels wonderfully smooth , from the goats milk . Other wipes seem so harsh !!!
 I know some people find the scent of Canus ' products to be too strong , but I found that the smell really grew on me -LRB- so much so that I 've gotten their adult formula goat 's milk body wash for myself * g * -RRB- And it does n't really linger very long , it 's just like a blast of fragrance when you pull the wipe out of the package , and it makes the um , cleanup a little more pleasant.As for the wipes themselves , they 're strong , soft , clean well , and are kind to my daughter 's skin .
 These canus baby wipes are the best we have used . We have been using these for over two years now for our little ones . They seem to be more of a high end wipe and with the least amount of diaper rash . One reviewer stated they did not care of the goats milk scent . Of course this is an opinion just like mine , I like the scent . It is an original scent that is smooth and refreshing . When I compare the scent to any other generic baby wipe on the market , these are most natural smelling . Try the goats milk soaps as well , very refreshing ... No I am not afilated with canus products in any way shape or form ... CHRIS T
 These wipes are well worth the money . I love the scent and use them in between baths as a quick body wash or while traveling . Our 4-month old has very sensitive skin , and these are super gentle . Since they are a bit pricey , we use them in addition to having unscented ones in the house .
 I have the whole line of the Li'l Goats Milk products and I ca n't imagine using anything else on my little one . I love these wipes because they do not contain alcohol and they 're great on his sensitive skin . My baby has not had a diaper rash yet -LRB- he 's 10 months -RRB- and I believe it 's because of these wipes . If you do order these , I suggest you store the packs you are not using upside down so that when you finally do use them , the top wipes are nice and moist . I highly recommend this product as well as the whole line of Li'l Goats Milk !
 My daughter has sensitive skin . These wipes clean and moisturize very well , and have that nice plastic lid that is so much nicer than just a sticky tab . They have a unique smell to them that some people do n't like , but I do n't mind it at all .
 These changing pad covers fit my changing pad from Wal-mart perfectly . Easy to use . The price could n't be beat plus they qualified for free shipping when the right amount was bought . Wash well and stains come out easily .
 As a mother of 3 I have had to deal with diaper rash . I have owned every product out there from triple bond paste , balmex , aveeno , burts bees , california baby , desitin , desitin overnight , cvs overnight , etc. . And out of those desitin overnight worked the best but the goats milk tops even that one . I notice a big difference in redness within a day & the rash is usually gone in 2 days.My cousin was badly burned & ended up at Children 's Hospital & Shriners . One of the top doctor 's there said that goats milk is the best for any child but esp . one with a rash , burn , etc. . Which is what led me to this line.It also does n't smell & it really stays on .
 It is pretty good , my son doesnt have red PP after using it . But I do agreed with one of the previous review , the expiration date is too soon , and it is a little bit too dry . At beginning I dont know how much that I should apply , my bb 's whole PP is white , then I learned I only apply a small amout to his PP , it feels much better . But if I only apply small amount , it is hard to apply evenly through his little PP .
 We have been using lil goat 's milk products for the last year my son has very sensitive skin he rashes very easily and is prone to ecsema . This is the only diaper rash ointment that works and does not have an adverse reaction it clears up rash within hours and we use it every time we change him . We also use the lil goats body wash it works as well as cetaphil . Even though you have to buy it in a 4 pack I have researched and found that Amazon is the most inexpensive way to buy this since it is not sold at any stores in my area .
 My one year old twins have very sensitive skin that develops diaper rash very easily . I had tried everything that I possibly could , but nothing seemed to really help them at all . In desparation I did an Online search for diaper rash creams , reading as many reviews as I could . I decided to try the Li'l Goats cream and I have been so happy that I did . It is the only thing that has helped to prevent diaper rash on my twins , and if they do happen to develop a rash this cream helps it heal very quickly ! I am very pleased with this product . It is the only cream for my kiddos !
 With 40 % zinc oxide , I challenge you to find another product with this and at this price . It is great in preventing and treating diaper rash , we call it the ` good cream ' as it really works . I highly recommend this for anyone with babies in diapers !
 I have used several types of diaper rash cream before , but this by far is the best and its cheaper too . When you consider that a 40 % zinc oxide diaper rash 4 oz tube of Destin is $ 4.53 , this buy is a steal . A tub of this product has 10oz , and when you buy the 4 tub pack for about $ 20.00 , you can do the math . I love this product , my daughter hasnt had diaper rash since we 've started using it . Its been a month and we 're still using the first tub , a little goes a long way with this stuff . Before this product , we were going through a tube of Destin a week . A daugther has a very sensitive behind and always has to have diaper rash cream on . If you like getting a high quality product thats great for sensitive skin and is a steal , you should give this product a try .
 This is the bomb for booty creams . We have tried everything , even prescription creams for our daughter . This cream is by far the best . It is very thick and is somewhat messy to apply , but well worth it . Our daughter has had not one rash since we started using this in conjunction with the Li'l Goats Milk shampoo and body wash . It even kept her rash free on a recent beach trip where we were constantly in and out of the water and car
 I have three children and of all the products I have EVER tried for baby care this is hands down the best . Whenever my son has gotten diaper rash , even if there was an open sore or a very large red area that had my son screaming in discomfort , -LRB- ex. , pottied in the night or at nap -RRB- I heavily covered the area in this cream and within a few hours to overnight , the entire area was healed . Every time . I depend on this product and would definitely recommend it to anyone with a baby .
 I have tried many different creams and concoctions on my sensitive girl 's bottom . Once I found this product I never looked back . The healing is very fast ! It may be pricy but one 10 oz . tub lasts a really long time , even with multiple uses per day.I highly recommend this to anyone whose baby has sensitive skin and a lot of rashes .
 My daughter apparently has very sensitive skin and has had diaper rash on and off all four months of her life ... this is the best we have tried -LRB- comparable to Triple Cream , which is much more expensive -RRB- . The tub is a great value and , like other reviewers , I like the scent and consistency of the cream .
 My twin daughters have very sensitive skin and end up with terrible diaper rash -LRB- their bums bleed -RRB- and this is the only thing that works ! I have tried Desitin , Balmex , Kiehl 's , Arbonne , -LSB- ... -RSB- Paste , etc. - all failed . I did online research trying to find a formula that had a higher zinc oxide amount , and I was lead to Canus . It is hard to find in stores where we live -LRB- Boston area -RRB- . This formula has 40 % zinc oxide which is hard to find - most products seem to have less than 14 % which does nothing for severe diaper rash . Canus clears the diaper rash up usually within a day.I think the smell is wonderful . I have had great experience with all Canus products - I think they are excellent and reasonably priced . I can buy five tubs of this cream for what I paid for two small tubes of Kiehl 's !
 Hands down the best diaper cream out there . Rashes disappear quickly ! When applied at night , it is still visible the next morning , which means it is still working !! Do n't waste your money elsewhere .
 Since my 2 year old daughter was born when she evacuates gets a really bad rash that left her skin bleeding and myself crying everytime . I tried every diaper rash cream there was available at home
 We found it at a Target store , tried it and fell in love with it . Then our Target stopped carrying it.The caregivers at our daycare loved this so much , they suggested it to all of the other parents.Great ointment , wipes off easily , smells good and really gets rid of the worst diaper rashes in just a day .
 Decided to try this product based on the reviews here . Nothing else seemed to work with our newborn 's diaper rash . This stuff has pretty much knocked it out . Also , a small amount goes an * incredibly * long way , as others have pointed out .
 This is the best diaper cream we have found ! It smells good , heals rash , and prevents rash.I 'm upset to see that Amazon is out of it -- I hope it is not permanent ! We also tried the Canus bath soap and now wo n't use anything else either !
 We received this order on July 17 , 2007 and found that the expiration date of all four jars was Jan 2008 . It is nearly impossible to use them up by this expiration date.So we requested for a replacement with expiration date no earlier than Jan 2009 and received a response from Amazon , which said `` I 'm sorry to hear about the problem you experienced with your shipment . Unfortunately , I ca n't create a replacement for this order , as we can not guarantee that an immediate replacement will not have the same problem . I am notifying our fulfillment centers of this issue immediately so that our inventory can be corrected . '' , and `` I 've requested a refund for the full amount of this shipment , including shipping costs . '' . We are satisfied with Amazon 's resolution to our case and we believe Amazon 's inventory will be corrected soon . But we would like to kindly remind buyers to double check the expiration date when they receive this item , and any other grocery/health care items with potential expiration dates .
 Once my twins started sleeping through the night , they started getting intense diaper rashes despite our best efforts to avoid them . This cream saved us ! It holds up all night . It is so thick , and the smell is nice too ! Get this cream if you want to avoid rashes forever .
 The 40 % zinc oxide heals rashes more quickly than the 10 % or 20 % concentration found in most other ointments . The goat 's milk and other ingredients make a very nice protective barrier against wetness . This stuff protects and heals . I have observed diaper rash begin to heal within six to eight hours using Li'l Goats.Most other diaper rash products use cod liver oil as a wetness barrier . Li'l Goats does n't use it so there is no oily feeling.The large container is a real value . Most tubes have about 2 ounces of ointment bust cost about the same or only a little less . Ounce per ounce , then , Li'l Goats is a much better value than most tubes . Never mind that it 's an all around superior product .
 I came across this because I needed something for my foster son 's little bottom . He has Spina Bifida , therefore he is parayalized in his lower portion of his body . His skin stays broken down & therefore he keeps a horrible diaper rash . The Canus Lil Goats Milk 40 % zinc oxide seems to be a great barrier between his little bottom & his diaper . I am able to use it on every diaper change for great protection . I buy this product in quantity .
 This diaper rash ointment is the BEST !!! It really takes care of our baby 's bottom . She has had very few diaper rashes and when she has , Li'l Goat ' Milk zinc ointment takes it away on the first application . It smells good and works incredibly well since it has a much higher percentage of zinc oxide than commercial zinc ointments that usually only contain 14 % zinc oxide at most . We LOVE this ointment and so does our baby 's butt !!
 this product is great , i been useing this on my baby 's bottom since day one , she is 4months old now , she never had a diaper rash . i only use once a day during the night . it last a long time after 4month i am still half way down with my first jar.the price per oz is much cheaper then other big name diaper rash cream . buy 4 , you can save two for your baby , , and give the other for a great gift .
 this is the best diaper rash cream . it helped clear up very bad diaper rash in just three days . all moms must have your baby will thank you for it !
 This diaper cream does work on diaper rash . However , I find the perfume in it to be strong , offensive , and unnecessary . Why , oh why do companies think that baby products need perfume !! I emailed the company about the fragrance and they wrote that it is an essential oil . I have been using essential oils for quite some time and this cream does n't smell like ANY essential oil that I know . I believe it is a synthetic perfume.This is better than anything you can get at the store but I will go back to Triple Paste , which has no fragrance and works just as well .
 I LOVE , LOVE , LOVE this stuff . Nothing works better on healing up a rash faster . This is the best there is and I have tried many other brands , but once I tried this I was hooked .
 I was so excited to find this product was available on line . This fits my pump perfectly . Very happy with it .
 i bought this replacement since i havent used my pump in over 4 years now and it was east to install/replace , not to mentiomn the fast delivery which was within 3-4 days of ordering
 Exact replacements - I bought these as extras to keep at work so I did n't have to lug so much stuff back and forth . Works great !
 These caps replaced the originals from the collection kit that came with our hospital grade pump without having to replace the entire collection kit - saved us at least 50 dollars . They fit tight and do not leak vacuum -LRB- which is what the original caps were doing -RRB- and made the pump work like new again .
 The cap does what it should , but it took a very long time to get here . I 'm a little spoiled by Prime , but it took well over a week .
 Correct items for the replacement for this part . Works just the same as the original piece . Comes as shown in the picture just the cap no tubing .
 The adapter was exactly as described and arrived very quickly . I am completely satisfied with this purchase ! I have the Ameda Purely Yours pump and for some reason I was missing one adapter so I could pump only one side at a time . What a relief and time saver to pump both sides at once !
 I dropped one of my caps on the ground and snapped the part off that the tube goes over . Due to that I decided to order several extras and was glad to see that they cost less than $ 1 each . These are the exact caps that came with my pump , so I have no complaints other than I wish Ameda made them a bit sturdier .
 This cushion works with the seat , though I was not able to attach the back portion with the straps on the seat , which has n't bothered me or my son . It is easy to wash , and take on and off .
 I just got this set and it is really well made . The crib bumpers have such nice thick batting in them that they stand up on their own . Also , the crib quilt is really warm and cozy . I bought this set because I was looking for something for that was n't all blue . I was a little afraid of the tone of the orange in the set , but it 's nice . Overall , this is a wonderful quality item . I would recommend it to anyone .
 So refreshing to get something that is exactly as advertised . Fits well , good quality , washes well , looks good . Must have with the Tripp Trapp .
 It fits perfectly on the Stokke chair . and is super sweet on the Red Stokke chair
 My 3 month old son is beginning to teethe , his is not old enough -LRB- does not have enough motor control -RRB- to coordinate a bigger/heavier typical teething ring or toy . He actually has the winnie-the-pooh teething blanket -LRB- which I ca n't find ANYWHERE , but is identical except for the head -RRB- , but it is wonderful . The blanket allows for a lot of sensory exploration -LRB- with the crinkle corner -RRB- , allows him to work on manipulation of the entire blanket , and allows him to have something in his mouth -LRB- which is key with him right now -RRB- ... I had to order the tigger blanket so that I can leave one at his day care and also have one home . IT 'S GREAT !!!
 I also had the pooh one -LRB- Target -RRB- . With my daughter she also started to teethe at 3 months . I like this blaket for the same reasons . She could hold on to it at a yough age . It also cathes the drool . That blanket was her best friend until she was 1 . I now have a son 3 months and is teething so I went out and got another one . This was a winner with both of my kids and me .
 It has a lot of things going on , not just teething , but the toy and the rattle part and the crinkling and other fabrics and textures , and the teething part is terrific . He is only 3 months but already has one tooth coming through , he puts in it his mouth and gums away happily , and as my brother says , this is his buddy !
 We have both the pooh and tigger blanket and my daughter loves them . She has loved them since about 3 mos old . She sleeps with one of them every night . I have bought these for showers also .
 Our daughter received this as a gift almost 3 years ago , and they have been inseperable ever since . She has always liked rubbing the satin trim and the `` crinkle '' corner of the blanket against her cheek and lips . She wo n't sleep without it !
 I had been looking for a bumper for my son 's room for ages before I found this . It is the perfect color red . My only complaints are that the ties are only on the top of the bumper . I 'm considering adding some to the bottom since I sew and it would n't be hard . Previous comments mention that the fabric is n't very soft . I personally do n't have a problem with it . It 's not ` scratchy , ' it 's just cotton and the babes are n't going to be sleeping right on it anyway . I like it for the price , function and color . I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 Nice pretty pink , soft , fits crib great ! High recommend . Also bought the matching crib bed skirt - perfect combo ! The solid color leaves me more open to decorating options .
 I love this . Perfect bright red color and matches the crib skirt wonderfully . Well made . Held up nicely after washing .
 I like this bumper . I like that they had solid colors and it fit the crib perfectly . Only thing i recommend is to watch it carefully if you wash it in a standard washing machine - mine the padding scrunched together in a small section , its not too noticeable though . Other than that its a nice crib bumper and i recommend it .
 Bought this to match the crib dust ruffle by American Baby Company . Color matches , and this bumper fits crib well . I think it is a bit over priced but if it holds up I 'm happy with it .
 This is a standard bumper . Nothing special about it really . It fits nicely and the ties work well . Its not solid , it is checkered green and white . Glad I spent the money I am pleased with it .
 My family went to Disneyworld and got a chance to see all the different double strollers out there . This stroller caught our eye , we had an old one and were looking to replace it . We do n't care for the side by side because it limits walking in stores and through isles . We settled on the Graco Quatro . It has plenty of cup and snack holders , storage space , a five point harness -LRB- for those Houdini children -RRB- and ergonomic handle bars . It handles very well . We have gotten a lot of compliments on it . The only down side is the attached bar for a car seat in the front ; your car seat may not lock into the bar , so we just leave the cup and snack holder in place and lay the infant in the back seat .
 I bought this for my daughter who has 2 small children 22 months and 3 months . She already had the Graco infant car seat and it fit right in . It is very versatile since there are a few ways to seat her older child , either in the very front or directly in front of her . I also use it for neighborhood walks and it steers very easily and no strain . Before I ordered it Amazon had pictures posted of the different aspects of this stroller and it was extremely helpful to see what you were buying .
 I love this stroller . It has all the bells and whistles and is often refered to as the cadilac by onlookers !
 I bought this stroller a month ago and I love it . Its been easy to use , not too hard to fold and not too heavy considering its a double . The wheels are large enough to ensure a smooth ride for the three month old . I 'm as happy with it as I am with my Peg Pergo single stroller .
 i love it ! it is big but so nice i dont care . i didnt find it hard to drive . my daughter loves it also . i love that i can choose where she sits and where the new baby sits . i also like that it isnt super wide . so it feels like it isnt taking up so much space . it is perfect for what i use it for and would deffinatly recommend it .
 This is an excellent stroller . It is a solid , high-quality , easy to maneuver , comfortable , stroller with nice features -LRB- cup and snack holders for both children , easy folding , parent cell-phone/key pouch , etc. -RRB- at a reasonable price . A couple of reviewers compared this Graco unfavorably to much , much more expensive strollers . Is it fair to compare a Toyota to a Bentley ? If you have the money and want a Bentley , good for you , but do n't buy a Toyota and complain about it .
 We 've been using this stroller for about a year now for our twin girls -LRB- 11 months old -RRB- . This stroller is fantastic . Sure , it 's a bit heavy , but my wife and I have no problem moving this stroller in and out of the back of our Toyota Sienna . Another thing that may bother some is that the front seat does n't recline quite as far as the back seat , but our girls want to sit straight up so they can see everything anyway . It 's also very easy to maneuver with the vertical handles and there is a ton of storage space in the bottom , which is perfect for diaper bags , coats , shopping bags , etc. . I would highly recommend this stroller to parents of twins !
 I purchased this stroller , mainly because I have 2 children that are both under 2 years old . I am very picky on design & loved how the matching car seatlooked , especially paired with this stroller . So , now that I finally was able to purchase it , here 's the review.-It came shipped in the original box from Graco . I was able to easily gather all pieces/parts to assemble the remaining setup needed in a fast amount of time.-Once all parts were located , I put the stroller together myself in roughly 20 minutes -LRB- which only took that long because my 3 month kept fussing , so I had to tend to her in the middle of this -RRB- - it was extremely easy to put together and most of it is very common sense stuff.-Zero issues folding it down at all . Some strollers , like our last Evenflo Circus design one for our 1st child would often stick when pulling the lever to fold it . This does not do that at all . It 's very easy . Also , unfolding it is easy as well . No issues whatsoever.-The day after receiving this , it was put to the test for an all-day outing to the mall , and various other stores . Maneuvering it around places that are straight shots are obviously better . When we got into tiny stores with many clothes racks or displays , it did seem a little on the larger side , but I figure that 's just to be expected with a double stroller.-We use the back part for the infant car seat , and place our 18 month old in the front . When the car seat is placed like that on the back , there is absolutely NO room for adjustment to the front seat . You can ONLY leave it placed in the most upright position , which is completely vertical . My son did n't seem to mind , but I 'm sure it would 've been quite uncomfortable for him had he fallen asleep -LRB- maybe that 's WHY he did n't fall asleep though ... -RRB- - The car seat placed in the back does create the back part to become very snug . Getting the car seat out , until you thoroughly get used to doing it a few times , is a little tough ... my fiance still has me doing it because he claims it 's too hard for him . I do n't feel it 's impossible , but you just have to work at it.-IMPORTANT
 My wife and I bought this stroller for walks , and it works great . we have n't had any problems with it technically , but we did notice the juice holders and plastics are not very sturdy . You just have watch out when storing and putting away , do n't bang the plastics or they will break .
 Child who sits in the back has a hard time looking around and seeing over the car seat base in the front . Car seat base fits in , but is a little shaky , especially when turning or going up and down curbs . Extremely difficult to go up a curb because of the heaviness . Surprisingly not as heavy as I thought it would be when lifting to put in the trunk . I have a minivan an when nothing else is in the trunk , it fits in fine . Stroller looks nice . Some strollers have the capacity of the front child turning around to face the child in thr back I do n't think this one does that . I would say it 's probably just as good as any other double stroller out there , but of course I have nothing to compare it to . Stroller started to `` squeak '' after only less than a month of use . All in all , it 's fine and I 'd probably recommend it . Unless you have the money for a double bob jogger , they 're the best !!!! One other thing ... this stroller was hard to push through aisles in stores when we were at the mall .
 We purchased this product for my two year old and newborn daughters . It 's great because it 's compatible with the Snugride car seat we purchased for the our oldest so we did n't have to buy any special components or a whole new travel system to make it work for both of them . Our oldest loves riding in the front or back seat and it 's going to last us a LONG time since they can ride in it up to 50 lbs ! The basket underneath holds a ton of stuff and is completely accessible at all times . And there are 6 cup holders and a handy carrying pouch for my keys , cell phone , or garage door opener for when we walk around the neighborhood.It is bulky and heavy , but that also makes it very sturdy when I 'm walking the girls and my large dogs together . We call it our limo . Even though I am fairly short 5 ' 2 '' , I have very little trouble lifting this into the back of my tall SUV . However , it is a tight fit when the third row of seats is up , but it 's doable . I expected this to be heavy and bulky because of it 's purpose . I would n't want a flimsy stroller to carry my precious family and all of our junk - it just would n't suit our needs.I had ordered this same model stroller in a different pattern from another company and it had a frame alignment problem . THAT company would n't help me with the problem . So after much discussion with Graco , they gave me a refund and I ordered again , but this time through Amazon . I felt much more confident in their customer service , and when you spend this much money on a stroller , it 's worth the piece of mind!Overall the stroller is great and my kids , husband , and I love it !
 I have used this stroller a few times and just love it . It steers easy and rides very smooth . I put my 3 yr old in the front so she can see where she is going and put my baby in the back so he can lay down . I do n't like putting car seats in it it does n't seem safe to me because they just do n't fit good . The front seat could lay down a little bit further but it does good . It is big when folded down but fits in my car . I have seen doubles that fold down smaller than this one . It has an extra large basket underneath that easy to access . I am very pleased with this purchase .
 This is a great size . Not too big and bulky like a lot of double strollers . navigates very well and I love the pattern . Seems to be good quality . I guess I 'll see after it gets broken in .
 I had been looking for a bumper for my son 's room for ages before I found this . It is the perfect color red . My only complaints are that the ties are only on the top of the bumper . I 'm considering adding some to the bottom since I sew and it would n't be hard . Previous comments mention that the fabric is n't very soft . I personally do n't have a problem with it . It 's not ` scratchy , ' it 's just cotton and the babes are n't going to be sleeping right on it anyway . I like it for the price , function and color . I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 Nice pretty pink , soft , fits crib great ! High recommend . Also bought the matching crib bed skirt - perfect combo ! The solid color leaves me more open to decorating options .
 I love this . Perfect bright red color and matches the crib skirt wonderfully . Well made . Held up nicely after washing .
 I like this bumper . I like that they had solid colors and it fit the crib perfectly . Only thing i recommend is to watch it carefully if you wash it in a standard washing machine - mine the padding scrunched together in a small section , its not too noticeable though . Other than that its a nice crib bumper and i recommend it .
 Bought this to match the crib dust ruffle by American Baby Company . Color matches , and this bumper fits crib well . I think it is a bit over priced but if it holds up I 'm happy with it .
 This is a standard bumper . Nothing special about it really . It fits nicely and the ties work well . Its not solid , it is checkered green and white . Glad I spent the money I am pleased with it .
 I bought two of these bins - one large and one medium . I love the size and colors and that the material is removable to wash in a machine , but it still holds to the frame very snug , you cant even tell its removable .
 I love this bin . Deeper than I thought . They are well made and look great . Price was a bit spendy but worth it .
 Good quality . Bigger than I anticipated but very nice and did its job for me . I put all my 10 month old daughters toys in them : -RRB-
 The bins have soft sides and removable bottom reinforcement . Nice for a small toybox , but due to the fabric only sides -LRB- metal frame to support -RRB- it does not hold heavier or pointed objects well . I would be afraid that they would puncture the fabric . Overall , cute and functional in with the coordinating bedding and room decor .
 One was given to us as a gift and at first I was n't excited about it . When my son first came home it was n't much fun getting up to check on him every ten minutes when he was asleep in his crib -LRB- he slept A LOT during his first couple months -RRB- . So I remembered this and dug it out . I could put him in this and carry him anywhere in the house without waking him . I could cook while keeping an eye on him , sit on the couch and not have to get up when he cried , ect . Not to mention it 's very portable so you can take it with you when visiting family for a nice safe place for baby to nap . I was very dissapointed when he outgrew it .
 I registered for this basket because I live in a 3-story townhouse and thought that having a `` portable '' bed for my baby would be handy . I was right - and this basket definitely fits the bill.It 's a beautiful basket , made of soft woven grass -- it 's flexible and soft , not rigid and scratchy like wicker might be . The foam pad in the bottom is about 1-1/2 inches thick and is firm , so no worries about suffocation . And it 's perfect for carrying my sleeping son from one floor to another without waking him.The literature that comes with the basket says it 's ok to use for children weighing up to 20 pounds ; I get the feeling that my little boy will be too long for the basket before he reaches 20 pounds , but that 's ok . The important thing for me was to have a way to move him from floor-to-floor while he was nursing every 3 hours . The basket is a little smaller than a standard bassinet ; I 've been using bassinet sheets on it and just pulling the extra fabric under the pad . Works like a charm.I 'd reccommend this to anyone who is considering a bassinet ... especially if space is an issue or if you have a multi-floor house !
 When shopping for my new grandson , this beautiful basket immediately took my eye and I had to purchase it . I continued shopping-filling it with his lst Teddy Bear and other items . Looking at it I could not only see a newborn nestled amongst the eyelets , but the opportunities of future use . For now this basket will serve as a miniature bassinett when he visits and later may be utilized to hold all of his special toys , books and keepsakes . As he outgrows it - I can see it utilized in a number of ways ... plants , flowers , books and even maybe the cat .
 This is a beautiful storage bin ! The size is great and the price wasnt too bad , but for it to be completely functional , it really needs a better way to pick it up . . handles , or an area cut out for your fingers . I 'm already somewhat concerned about grabbing it in the same places all the time , as it obviously ca n't be washed.By the way , I 'm seeing alot of reviews on here from people using this as a makeshift bassinet . Either the wrong reviews are posted here for a different product , or people think this is safe . I would not use this storage tub as a means of transporting a child anywhere ! Especially given the fact that the thing has no handles !
 This bin is super cute and looks great with the matching sheet in a blue room with brown furniture . But beware of the measurements if you are working with a tight space like under a changing table . Measurements said 10 inches high , when I got it it was actually 10.25 . That .25 is exactly what I needed to clear the top shelf . So disappointed to have to return . But found plain brown and blue bins that were smaller -LRB- and cheaper -RRB- that actually look pretty great .
 This is a good looking , well made storage bin . I got it for my daughter to stuff under her bed in the dorm.Note , it is soft-sided . The bin has a simple , but sturdy , wire frame . The ultrasuede fabric wraps around the frame , with a hard flat bottom . The ultrasuede wraps around the top of the frame and is held on with long velcro strips all the way around -LRB- on the inside -RRB- . `` Unzipping '' the velcro is how you remove the fabric for spot cleaning.The bin is soft-sided , because the sides are made up of the ultrasuede fabric -LRB- backed by a slim cushiony black fabric -RRB- , suspended between the bottom and the velcroed top . However , the sides are not real flimsy , either . I would n't use this bin to store nails and power tools , but it works fine for bottles of vitamins and dorm dishes or , of course , sweaters and other clothes.It looks very nice , not cheap . Recommended !
 The basket is beautiful . The very thin sheet is a little difficult to get on and off . The basket itself has an odor from the material used to make it . At six weeks old , my son is out-growing it -LRB- he was born at 6lbs 12 oz -RRB- . It is nice for traveling , though , and has served its purpose for me .
 Purchased these to use in the baby 's changing table . Very cute and nice colors . Went well with Lilly Pulitzer color scheme !
 While this is in the `` baby '' section I am using it for my 10 year old daughter . It is large enough for her 18 inch doll collection and another for her bountiful collections of yarn . Her room 's initial 30 second impression is clean and collected . I like the pattern of the fabric -LRB- although it is not as thick as you might expect -RRB- and the metal sturdiness of the top . It serves its purpose .
 I bought this for a friend 's baby shower . I decided to place all my gifts in the medium size bin , it all fit wonderfully and the colors match her nursery decor . It looked beautiful along with the other gifts , and my friend has ordered more from this website for her daughter 's nursery . The construction of this bin was well made , it took a few drops from me even before I brought it to the party . No tears to the cloth bin , the package it came in was sturdy , no shipping problems whatsoever . I highly recommend this product for a child 's room or nursery . Beautiful !
 We tried other swaddling blankets but this is the only one we use . We received it as a gift and bought two more . The fabric is the perfect weight for swaddling -- large and tightly woven enough to hold our squirmy 9-pound-newborn baby firmly and warmly -LRB- not too warmly -RRB- , soft enough that you feel good wrapping your baby in it -LRB- the organic cotton helps , too -RRB- . If you have a strong baby , then do n't waste your time with blankets made of T-shirt material , waffle weave , or the like ; they stretch too much and baby 's arms will be out in no time . A nice feature is that this blanket has a tag , well-placed out of the way of baby 's face , that shows how to swaddle your baby in three easy steps -LRB- useful if you need a gentle reminder in your haze of sleep deprivation -RRB- . The soft pile does thin a bit with multiple washings , but only slightly .
 I hesitated to register for this blanket because it 's so expensive , but I am so glad I did . It 's worth the money because we get so much more use out of it than the smaller , cheaper receiving blankets . This is our favorite blanket for cold weather or air conditioned rooms , while we usually use the Aden + Anais muslin blankets -LRB- also expensive but worth it -RRB- in warmer weather . I also thought about getting this blanket in a different color or pattern , but I am glad I went with the off-white flannel with chocolate trim stitching . It matches everything , and when it 's in photos -LRB- which is often -RRB- , it 's neutral , keeping the focus on my son . The blanket is a great size -LRB- big enough for swaddling -RRB- , super soft , just the right thickness -LRB- warm but not too heavy -RRB- , and washes/wears well . The only things I would change are the tags . There are two , and while they are silky and soft , they are still annoying . One is kind of large and has swaddling instructions , which I think is unnecessary to permanently attach to the blanket . The tags are sewn in with the decorative edge stitching , so cutting them off might mess up the blanket . They are centered on one side , which makes folding the blanket in halves awkward , and we 're frequently adjusting the blanket so that the tags are n't near our baby 's face . Even with that minor complaint , though , I still give this blanket five stars .
 Yes , this blamket is a little pricey . But , it is one of the only blankets out there that is actually big enough to use for proper swaddling . Plus , it 's really soft and not to heavy for babies to sleep in . Also , it seems to get softer with each wash !
 Do n't bother buying any other receiving blanket . This is the best ! It is the right size , the right weight fabric , and sooooo soft . It gets softer every time I wash it . As a mother of three , I have used many types of blankets . This one works the best because the baby stays wrapped all night -LRB- which means the baby stays warm , secure , and asleep -RRB- .
 We used these blankets from day one and I think they are a ` must have ' . We swaddled our baby in one of these up until 3 months and it certainly made a difference to nap time and bedtime . We also use them for when we are reading and rocking before bedtime and also on the floor when he is playing . They are already lovely and soft but get softer with each wash . We live in a warm climate so the material is great for keeping our baby warm but not overheated . I really would recommend ordering at least 2 of these great blankets . They are nicely presented so also make great gifts .
 PROs1 -RRB- Arrives soft2 -RRB- Washes VERY well and stays soft -LRB- for 3 months so far , at least in Dreft which I use on Pediatrician 's rec -RRB- 3 -RRB- Perfect size for swaddling ... a nice , large square4 -RRB- Good material for swaddling ... not too stretchy5 -RRB- Available in attractive patterns ... and photograph well6 -RRB- The labor/delivery and maternity/baby ward nurses all exclaimed over how great these areCONS1 -RRB- a little pricey ... but worth it2 -RRB- if your baby will be in a very hot climate without air conditioning -LRB- like Honolulu in August -RRB- you may want to go with something else ... . in air conditioning this is fine in warm weather
 i have 2 of these . got one as a gift and then bought a second . they are so great and large enough to provide a good secure and good looking swaddle . they are many different designs by this company so check them out .
 Our infant liked being swaddled until she was older and longer . She was about 4 months old before we were able to stop swaddling her -LRB- but she was a long baby -RRB- . This swaddle fit her perfectly . She liked it and slept well in it.Now I use it by rolling it up tightly and tucking it into my diaper bag , it works for trips to the park when she had `` tummy time '' and now I can use it as a light blanket for her if we are out and it gets chilly . So it has been one of the most versatile blankets and well used blankets we have had.This is a great baby gift for yourself or a friend , because those initial receiving blankets only work for about the first 4 weeks of life , and then it seems the baby outgrows them , so those seem like a waste to me now .
 This is a wonderfully soft and warm receiving blanket . My favorite thing about it is the size . It is much larger than the other receiving blankets I 've used . It is easier to wrap the baby up snuggly and he stays wrapped up . We 've used Swaddle Designs for both of our kids , I highly recommend them !
 This wonderfully soft swaddling blanket is amazing and well worth the money . We used it every night during the swaddling stage . The swaddling stage varies a lot from one baby to another . My baby liked to stretch her legs and arms , so she outgrew swaddling around two months . Some babies still like to swaddle at six months . We got by with one of these . Of course my baby had no issues with spitting up since she was breast fed , but one or two should do unless your baby has problems with spitting up and dirtying things quicker . For any new moms looking at packages of less expensive receiving blankets , you wo n't need them ! Most receiving blankets are 30 `` X30 '' , too small to swaddle a baby and useless as a blanket , plus they get really hard and wrinkly in the wash . Every mom I know agrees with me . Some people use them as burp rags or to sop up messes . A lot of experienced moms never open , but just regift them because they are so useless . I use mine to line the changing pad so the wonderful pretty soft changing pad cover does n't get poopy all the time . To sum up
 Organic bliss Trust this Swaddler!Simply the best blanket I have , its softness is organically perfect.Its warm and trust the goodness of organic
 As a new mother , I discovered many blankets marked `` receiving '' are so tiny they are only good used as burp cloths . We purchased 3 different blankets by SwaddleDesigns and they are getting a lot of use . My baby was over 9 pounds at birth , and these generously sized blankets have allowed lots of room as he grows quickly . The tag w / the instructions sewn into the edge is quite handy for family members who come over and want to help with the baby . I highly recommend the SwaddleDesigns Ultimate Receiving in the color of your choice , and as to be expected , the organic cotton is super soft -LRB- the non-organic flannel is pretty soft , too -RRB- .
 We actually have two of these blankets now -LRB- blue and red trim -RRB- and have given a third -LRB- chocolate trim -RRB- to a friend who 's expecting . These are by far and away the best blankets we have for swaddling . As other reviewers have mentioned , they are big enough to remain useful long after our baby outgrew his other blankets . They are also very soft . We also love the weight of them . Not too heavy . We used them all winter over footed things and sleep-sacks . Now that it 's summer , we use them with onesies or just over a diaper . Great that they are organic too !
 this is my favorite swaddling blanket . i 'd say it 's even better than those swaddle-shaped gizmos if you want a snug wrap . it 's larger than a typical receiving blanket , so swaddling is very easy . but even though the blanket seems thin , your baby might get sweaty if you live in a very warm area.after your baby outgrows the swaddling stage , it 'd also make a great `` blankie . '' i would n't waste my money on other blankets .
 when first received and washed once , the blanket seemed soft and it is a great swaddle size . But , after repeated washing -LRB- 4-5 times -RRB- the material does not wash very well . It pills a little and is not as soft - and my baby is 3 weeks old . I did decide to purchase another one of these because of the good swaddle size , but it could be better . Also I swear that this particular blanket was softer then the other one I ordered .
 This is also a high end product . The size is large and will be great to swaddle my grandson in .
 We have been using it for 6 months . It still looks great after many washes . And I love the fact that it 's made of organic cotton grown in Texas .
 I got 2 of these blankets when my son was first born . From the moment I opened them I loved them , the fabric is so soft and the blankets are big so even now that my son is older we still use them , unlike the standard size receiving blankets . The scalloped edge looks very old fashioned and darling next to baby . When he was a newborn we practiced swaddling him , but he liked to be wrapped more loosely and the size of these blankets was perfect . They are very warm , in my opinion , too warm for swaddling . The hold up to washing pretty well , now after many washings they are pilled up the tiniest bit but I would rather have that than chemicals to prevent it ! The only negative I can say is that the `` patented tags '' are really big , cumbersome and made of synthetic material , I cut mine off . I love that they are made in the US and that the cotton is grown in the US , I have read that other countries -LRB- i.e. India -RRB- organic certification is not up to par with the US 's . All in all , I highly recommend these -- you pay more for them but you 'll use them the most and the longest !
 This blanket is really great , it 's extra large in size , it 's lovely and soft and you can feel the quality of the material , others feel very cheap by comparison . I highly recommend this and I will be stocking up on more for myself !
 Great things about the blanket :1 . Our daughter sleeps so well when swaddled up in this blanket2 . Soft after MANY washes3 . perfect thickness for fall , winter , and spring months4 . big enough to swaddle a growing baby5 . not too bulky6 . a great nursing cover7 . perfect price point for baby registryWe only ordered 1 blanket for our first baby -LRB- we wash it nearly every other day -RRB- but will order 2-3 for our next child !
 This is nice and big . It is very soft but not quite as soft as the Under the Nile organic receiving blankets .
 I bought two . The qulity is very good even after several washing . However , if you turn on the heating , it may be too hot for a baby .
 nice and big . kinda thick for summer . i swaddled her and she slept all night , the best night sleep i ever got .
 I absolutely love the blanket . It 's soft and large . I plan to get another one .
 I purchased several of these and used them constantly . They washed well , were durable , warm , pretty , and a great size for swaddling . I loved the fact that these were larger than the usual blanket since our baby was 9 lbs and 19 inches at delivery - he was no small guy . He 's also a pretty sensitive and picky little man , but these were great . Even now , at 7 months and over 29 inches , he still uses this for nap time and in the car , or just to wrap up with mommy on the couch . I would definitely recommend this product .
 This blanket is actually very big , compared to other swaddling blankets . But , it 's so soft and nicely made . I purchased 3 in different colors .
 This blanket is the best . It 's super soft and actually large enough to swaddle an infant . Love that it 's organic , too . Do n't bother with those `` swaddlers '' with velcro - these blankets are much better and more versatile !
 I LOVE this blanket ! I 'm a firm believer in swaddling and this is the only one large enough to swaddle a bigger baby . I stop swaddling at about 4-5 months . I use this blanket for everything and its held up through 2 babies as my all purpose blanket
 We have several receiving blankets for our 10-day-old son , but this is our favorite . It 's big and soft and works well for swaddling or just for cuddling . We also love that it 's organic . Highly recommended .
 This is a great blanket . We wrap our little girl in it every night and she loves it . It is warm so you want to make sure that your baby does n't get too hot .
 We just love this blanket . Received as a gift from our registry , yet we figured we had enough blankets , but it 's very different from the rest . Besides being organic cotton , it 's very soft , much larger than most receiving blankets , allowing us to swaddle our baby loosely or tightly as needed , or just to wrap her up over her clothes/outerwear for very cold days when we go outside . It 's like a soft cloud of flannel around her . Great as a light weight drape over her when we 're nursing . I would definitely give this as a gift knowing how much we use ours .
 Very good quality changing pad cover . We have a flat changing pad , and it 's difficult to find covers to fit it . This one works well , although it 's not elasticized all the way around . The cotton is good quality , though , and the selection of colors is excellent .
 So far so good . Washed once to make sure all chemicals are out and no tearing up . It is very tight so it makes thinner flat mattresses bow up a little .
 I washed and dried the cover as soon as I got it and now it does n't really fit the way it should . Otherwise , it is a good color and it will do the job .
 Bought this for our flat changing pad , which it fits . However , it 's very cheaply made , not . Like the plush contoured pads . Was expecting it to be a little thicker than it is , but still gets the job done .
 I like this cover . Unlike other heavy ones , this one is light and easy to clean . Feels smooth on skin as well .
 Very soft and nice color . Wish it fit the pad a bit better , but otherwise great for the price . Holds up well with Washington too .
 100 % cotton is a plus . This fits standard contoured changing pad , even though it says it fits flat changing table cover .
 We bought two of these and am glad we did . We have a flat changing table , and most of the covers seem to be for curved ones . I did n't think I could find my color , but this company did have a purple option . Score ! These wash pretty well , and if I were better with the stain stick I 'm sure they would remain spotless -LRB- mine are not -RRB- . Glad we have two so there 's always something covering the table regardless of how big a mess we made on the last change .
 I had so much trouble finding a flat cover ; all the others were for curved changing pads . This one has been exactly what I was looking for . It 's very soft for him to lay on and the color matches his room perfectly ! Very happy !
 I bought this thinking it was for a changing pad -LRB- there are no slits for the security strap -RRB- . Yet , I use it anyway because its super soft and has quality fabric .
 I 'm glad to see SOME baby items in bold colors . After all - high contrast is what newborns can actually detect ! This fits on a standard changing table pad fairly well , and the material is fine . It 's a good deal for the price .
 This cover was purchased for our baby 's bathinette which is housed in a bathroom . We like to cover the bathinette which is vinyl with a changing pad . The surface is very slippery when wet . Wet baby , wet surface make a dangerous area for baby . The terrycloth is perfect because after after bath , it soaks up the water and the surface is not slippery at all .
 This is a good buy at an affordable price , necessary for everybody with an infant , or toddler still in diapers . Bright colors appeal to the wee ones .
 Igot this product on time . Was exactly what we needed for their changing table . The color fits well with their bedroom and it 's good quality as well . I 've washed it so many times and it still has it softness and color ! Great !
 This color is very vibrant and that 's what we wanted . It fit our changing table pad , which we also purchased through amazon . It looks great !
 these are small enough for a newborn would not buy if you have older babies unless you want to use them as a burp rags .
 This was a great buy and my grand daughter loved it in her new room . Thank you for the prompt delivery .
 My 2-year-old granddaughter loves everything Dora , and this lamp was a total hit with her . The lamp is sturdy and colorful ; our hope is it will actually withstand the rough handling it gets in the little person 's room
 We loved this basket and so did our son . He had to sleep in this basket which we placed inside the crib . He used it up until he was to big for . I passed this on to my cousin for her new baby . She also loved it . So you can see how durable it was . I recommend this .
 I love this because i can take it anywhere and have somewhere for baby to sleep . I comes with me when i go clean homes and I love that I can set My baby anywhere without having to put it together like the pak n play that we have . Does n't take up very much room in our tiny bedroom . It seems very sturdy still after 3 moths of everyday use . I would recommend getting 2 sets of sheets for it .
 I 'm happy I bought this bed knowing my baby would only be in it for a few weeks and did n't spend more than $ 30 on it . I would definitely suggest a Moses Basket for any new parents . Unless you like all the `` frilliness '' of a bassinet , I would recommend this basket . Its simple and does the job .
 My newborn daughter loves this basket . She 'd prefer to sleep in the basket than the crib or the pack n'play . I was nervous about her rolling or wiggling into the sides , but we got a sleep positioner -LRB- should always be placed below the baby 's arms -RRB- and it works great . The basket can move with me around the house , which is wonderful . I still probably would n't let the baby sleep all night in the basket , just because I 'm a worrier . But , I 'm sure she 'd sleep better at night if I did .
 I purchased the Badger Basket for a safe , clean place to lay the baby down anywhere in the house or on visits to family or friends . The price was right . I did n't want to spend a fortune as it can only be used for a couple of months . It would make a nice baby gift as it looks lovely . After the baby outgrows it , it would make a nice toy basket . I only gave it 4 stars , instead of 5 , because it is a little more flexible than I would like .
 I bought two baby moses baskets in the beige/ecru color scheme as a shower gift for my niece . She loved them . I thought the baskets were great and I disagree with some of the other reviews . Gentle wash cycle , hand washing , and line drying make all the difference in caring for the bedding . I would definitely purchase this item again and I highly recommend it .
 I absolutely love this Moses basket -LRB- so much so that I 've given it to all of my expectant friends as gifts -RRB- . It 's functional and cute without being ostentatious ! A great & practical gift !
 I purchased this for a baby shower gift ... it is great ! My daughter used one for my little grandson and we got a lot of use out of it ! We took it in the car on trips and to visit with friends around town . I also purchased a set of 2 fitted sheets !! I think this is a great little basket ... probably not the best quality but for the use it will get ... it is wonderful !
 This moses basket arrived very quickly and was perfect for what we needed . I was looking for a basket for my sister to use with her newborn , and one that I could fill up with baby goodies for her baby shower . My only issue is that the padding around the sides must be tied on , so you have to continually situate it while tying them on to make sure that it is secure . Other than that , it is absolutely beautiful and I know she will love it !
 It came quickly , the price was incredible and it was in perfect shape ! A + !! I am so happy with this purchase .
 Very convenient to carry a sleeping baby from room to room with you so you can always keep a watchful eye !
 This basket is just as beautiful as described . It is going to be for my daugher who is expecting her first child soon . I just know that she will love it , and it will come in very handy so that she can have her new baby close by.The bottom seems a little flimsy , but since she will not be carrying the baby in the basket , it will be just fine . I will be sure to mention this to her when she gets it . Thanks again .
 This basket is really gorgeous - nicer than the picture looks . Perfect for either gender . Looks like baskets that were much more expensive . Bigger than expected . Very happy with this purchase .
 Great moses basket , and a great price ! I love it because I can move my baby from room to room with me while she is sleeping . I did purchase different sheets and mattress pads for it though .
 Bought this basket to display my decorative dolls and the basket does a fine job of doing this . My dolls look so cute tucked together in this Moses basket . I started collecting dolls after learning how to paint and put them together . They looked cute on the couch until there were three or four all sitting together . Unfortunately there was n't room on the couch for the humans to sit so the dolls had to go . They are now resting in their basket.The basket was very easy to put together . I skimmed the directions and had the basket put together in about 15 minutes.As for use with babies
 This basket is made well enough - not exceptional , but fine . Bedding is kind of thin .
 Love the basket wand it was perfect for what we used it for . I just thought it would be a bit more sturdy . Not that I think it 's going to fall apart or anything . It was dedinitely a good buy
 Good value but a little flimsy . I bought this and shipped it to meet me at my destination . Great for temporary use but I have a sturdier basket from Trendlab for home/regular use .
 Thebasket was just as pictured . The quality is great . It looks great and the baby prefers sleeping in this to his crib !
 I needed something I could put my infant in while I got ready in the bathroom or did the laundry . If you just need a quick place to put a baby , this is great . Looks good , has held him for months . Now I get to figure out what to do with a great , large basket once he outgrows it . Stuffed animals , maybe ?
 If you are looking for an inexpensive Moses Basket , this is perfect ! The only problem I had was the basket was a little &#34; bent &#34; from shipping . It 's been out of the box for a couple weeks now and looks just fine . It 's actually bigger than I expected .
 This is very convenient to hold and carry . It ca n't be used for all new baby needs , but does the job it was intended to do .
 Great product for the cost , baby sleeps comfortably and is suitable for infants up to 15lbs . Would highly recommend . Quick shipping and great service , thank you !
 This basket appears to be fairly well made . It is bigger than I expected . The literature that came with it is informative .
 Very good quality changing pad cover . We have a flat changing pad , and it 's difficult to find covers to fit it . This one works well , although it 's not elasticized all the way around . The cotton is good quality , though , and the selection of colors is excellent .
 So far so good . Washed once to make sure all chemicals are out and no tearing up . It is very tight so it makes thinner flat mattresses bow up a little .
 I washed and dried the cover as soon as I got it and now it does n't really fit the way it should . Otherwise , it is a good color and it will do the job .
 Bought this for our flat changing pad , which it fits . However , it 's very cheaply made , not . Like the plush contoured pads . Was expecting it to be a little thicker than it is , but still gets the job done .
 I like this cover . Unlike other heavy ones , this one is light and easy to clean . Feels smooth on skin as well .
 Very soft and nice color . Wish it fit the pad a bit better , but otherwise great for the price . Holds up well with Washington too .
 Igot this product on time . Was exactly what we needed for their changing table . The color fits well with their bedroom and it 's good quality as well . I 've washed it so many times and it still has it softness and color ! Great !
 This color is very vibrant and that 's what we wanted . It fit our changing table pad , which we also purchased through amazon . It looks great !
 these are small enough for a newborn would not buy if you have older babies unless you want to use them as a burp rags .
 100 % cotton is a plus . This fits standard contoured changing pad , even though it says it fits flat changing table cover .
 We bought two of these and am glad we did . We have a flat changing table , and most of the covers seem to be for curved ones . I did n't think I could find my color , but this company did have a purple option . Score ! These wash pretty well , and if I were better with the stain stick I 'm sure they would remain spotless -LRB- mine are not -RRB- . Glad we have two so there 's always something covering the table regardless of how big a mess we made on the last change .
 I had so much trouble finding a flat cover ; all the others were for curved changing pads . This one has been exactly what I was looking for . It 's very soft for him to lay on and the color matches his room perfectly ! Very happy !
 I bought this thinking it was for a changing pad -LRB- there are no slits for the security strap -RRB- . Yet , I use it anyway because its super soft and has quality fabric .
 I 'm glad to see SOME baby items in bold colors . After all - high contrast is what newborns can actually detect ! This fits on a standard changing table pad fairly well , and the material is fine . It 's a good deal for the price .
 This cover was purchased for our baby 's bathinette which is housed in a bathroom . We like to cover the bathinette which is vinyl with a changing pad . The surface is very slippery when wet . Wet baby , wet surface make a dangerous area for baby . The terrycloth is perfect because after after bath , it soaks up the water and the surface is not slippery at all .
 This is a good buy at an affordable price , necessary for everybody with an infant , or toddler still in diapers . Bright colors appeal to the wee ones .
 i found this product to be well-constructed and sturdy , easy to set up and use , and best of all it was definitely the best price of any i searched for online . the rubber stoppers prevent any mars or scratches to my doorframe , and keep it in place against the nudgings of my small dog as well as my friend 's 2 year old daughter when she visits . the actual mesh is coated with pretty heavy duty plastic so it wont snap or break , but also wont snag or cut anyone/thing like plain wire might . and the whole piece is so lightweight i can easily maneuver it with one hand . definitely give it a shot .
 We got this for our pet rabbit , who gets a whole room to himself . I was skeptical when the fully-assembled gate first arrived because it was light and seemed flimsy , plus the packaging was literally plastic wrapped around the gate , with a paper insert . But once we got the gate into place in a doorway -LRB- following the paper 's exact instructions -RRB- , we were surprised by how secure it was . Seriously , we ourselves -LRB- 2 able-bodied adults -RRB- could n't yank it out of the doorway unless we tried really hard.Some random stuff that may be good to know : The gate is high enough to keep bunnies from escaping , but is still low enough for us to step over to go into his room . The wood seems to be untreated , which is great for potential gnawers . The wire is coated with white plastic -LRB- ? -RRB- and has n't rusted at all , after almost a year of use . The rectangular holes between the wires measure 1x2 inches , and our bunny has n't gotten anything stuck so far . Once you figure out which notch to use , getting the gate secured and unsecured is easy enough to do with one hand.Overall , I think this was a really good investment , and I 'm glad we bought this gate .
 We bought this to keep our 9 week old kitten in the master bedroom with us at night , and it worked for a day or so . Until the kitten figured out he could climb it . So I made some cardboard panels -LRB- out of the Amazon box the gate came in ! -RRB- to cover up the wire mesh . That worked for about a night . Until the kitten figured out he could jump up , hang off the top of the gate with his paws , and pull himself over ! We did n't think he could jump to the height of the `` extra tall '' gate . Oops . Lousy smart Siamese kittens!However these issues are no fault of the gate . Consider that a kitten is like a toddler with fangs who can climb your curtains at will . This gate would probably be good for a human toddler who does n't have those features . It 's decent for the price , as we were looking to just try * something * and did n't want to spend a lot of money . The only thing I do n't like about it is that it 's a little difficult to expand -- like the two sides do n't really want to pull apart . That 's the only reason I gave it a four .
 When I received the gate it came with a split rail . A nail split the wood and the split adversly affected the integrity of the gate . I contacted the company and they eagerly sent me another gate with free return shipping for the defective gate . The gate works very well and is of the quality I expected from a gate of this type . The plastic clip that locks the expansion device in place is difficult to release and requires extra effort to manipulate . I do recommend this product ; it is a good value for the money & the company stood behind their product .
 I am pleased with this gate and for the price paid through Amazon . I got it for keeping my dogs in certain areas of the house . If you have a high jumpers , they still may be able to clear the jump . The wire mesh allows open visibility for interaction . The pressure mounting is easy to use . The release knob on my gate is difficult to operate .
 Had given away all our child gates and then wound up getting a pup . Works fine for our dog . Wood is unfinished , might not be best for a toddler . Good for the price .
 One of my cats has victoriously found a way to jump over any other gate I have purchased -- until now . SO happy . It 's a very sturdy piece and easy to manipulate . Highly recommend .
 This pet gate is what I expected and works very well for our two cocker spaniels . I do wish that the plastic fastener on the adjustment bar was made of metal like they are on our other pat gates but so far it is working fine and we would purchase another one if needed .
 Fast delivery , excellent pricing and good quality child/pet gate . I will recommend this vendor to my friends .
 This gate works fine and and most adults can step right over it . It 's not fancy and probably has a shorter life expectancy than do the metal equivalents , but at it 's price , I consider it a very good value . The only suggestion I have is to mark the appropriate slots for the restraining arm with something MUCH darker than a pencil .
 I bought this gate to hold back two aggressive dogs . I did the job , it 's strong and holds in place . I gave this 4 out of 5 stars because it was difficult to open and close the gate when you need to get through it . If you plan to block off an area that you do n't need to go through often , this is a great gate .
 I own house rabbits so I found the wire mesh to be more suitable for keeping smaller pets enclosed . What I found with this gate is that a child or dog could easily push this out of a doorway . The locking system is a little tough to get an exact fit in a warped doorway in an older home . I like the sturdiness of the wood and wire . Rabbits chew plastic so the wire makes this ideal for ferrets , rabbits or guinea pigs .
 This is a great little gate -LRB- for the price -RRB- to keep out small dogs . It suits my purpose of keeping the dogs out of the kitchen . They are more afraid of the noise of the gate more than the gate itself . I do n't know if it would be safe for a young child . I know my 2-year old great granddaughter could possibly push it over or try to climb it!GMI Guardmaster II Standard Wire Mesh
 I like this sheet so far . It fits my crib mattress well and is soft . It would be perfect if the color was a little darker , so if you are looking for a more teal crib sheet this is n't the one for you .
 This sheet feels really soft after a lot of washing and drying . I also fits my standard size crib mattress perfectly .
 I purchased the turquoise sheet . It looks great in his room . The jersey material is softer than ther typical sheets I 've purchased at the bigger discount stores .
 The color was even brighter in person than in the picture . Love it ! Also love that it fits over my son 's crib mattress , 2 inch memory foam pad , and waterproof pad !!! Exactly what I needed !
 This sheet seems like it will be super comfortable for baby . I looked everywhere for red sheets that did n't cost as much as 3 ` regular ' colored sheets . . these are great !
 Both my kids are in toddler beds with crib mattresses , and it 's quite a workout to put on the baby sheets . I just wanted to find some more solid colors and got these due to the low price . I was pleasantly surprised ! These are the easiest sheets I 've had to put on , they have deeper pockets and very stretchy . The material is very soft , and it washes well.I do n't fault them for it , but just to note - I bought the Fuschia for my son , because the picture looks red . Monitors/pictures are n't always calibrated right so I learned it definitely was fuschia and not red . It 's a hot hot pink . I also bought the baby blue , which looks baby blue .
 I have this Jersey Sheet in Turquoise . Upon opening the package I immediately thought to myself `` Ooo I like this ! '' The material is soft and a good weight . I have the Sealy Select Soybean Dream -LRB- tm -RRB- crib mattress and this sheet fits it well . Very easy to put on with no gaps or extra fabric bunching.It is a great vibrant color ; I wish it were easier to find vibrant solids for nursery items . When I washed this sheet the turquoise did run in the wash onto other things . Luckily I noticed before tossing anything in the dryer & did a second wash of the affected items with Oxy Clean . It worked & everything was saved . I 've since removed all the other crib sheets from my baby registry & added only American Baby Jersey sheets in different colors ... and a few AB flannel ones too.Very happy
 I needed turquoise crib sheets to match a homemade quilt . Was surprised I could n't find sheets that would work anywhere ! Was happy to find these sheets online , although I was worried the color would n't end up matching . The color is great , perfect !!! It 's a boy 's room , and the color would be great for either . Infact I would say it matches the color on the screen exactly . They washed well , quality seems good -LRB- very soft cotton jersey -RRB- . The baby has n't arrived yet , so not sure how it 'll wear .
 Glad I got it - ordering another one now . Wish it was cheaper ! There is another one by same company but with lower gauge , not sure how that would be - so not trying it .
 This sheet is so soft ! It feels wonderful , and I was pleasantly surprised . I love the color , too ! I read in the reviews that it may shrink in the dryer , and so I have been careful - hang drying it when possible and drying it on delicate when not . Thus far , I have not noticed any shrinking . Very pleased!ADDITIONAL INFO
 The sheet has lasted through several washings for our granddaughter and has not shrunk . The quality is as advertised .
 I purchased a fancy set from another company that shrunk and tore after just a few washings . These sheets -LRB- I have white -RRB- work great and do n't seem to shrink . They are not to fancy but they do the job and have a snug fit !
 I bought 3 of these sheets in Ecru and have been using them for almost a year . The color is what I expected and they are nice and soft . The best part is how easy it is to get these on the mattress . I really like how the sheet is constructed . There is a seam all along the sides of the mattress , so it really fits the mattress instead of having to stretch around to fit . I wish I had sheets like this for my bed !
 this product was a gift for my daughter , who needed new crib sheets for new baby .
 This sheet is an great deal ! Its very soft , washes up well and very well priced . I very much recommend it .
 Great product and company to work purchase from . Got the sheets quickly ! Soft jersey and exact color . Will shop with again .
 These have a nice texture and seem thicker than some other jersey sheets we have , but the turquoise is lighter than it appears in the photo and wo n't work for us .
 My son will sleep on nothing else ! Other reviewers complained about these sheets being thin , but I do not find that to be true . We have 4 sets of these sheets that weve used for 6 months , they are washed at least once a week , and show no sign of wear . We have the sheets in red and brown , both colors are fantastic and match my son 's sock monkey themed nursery perfectly .
 I gave 4 stars because the sheet has n't been used and only washed once . I bought these for my baby due in August , so we have n't used them yet , but I really like the color -LRB- navy -RRB- and feel of fabric . It is a very true navy . They are n't luxurious or designer or anything , but they are a good weight and not so thin you can see through to the mattress or anything . Pretty soft and I think they will continue to soften with multiple washes . They just feel like that kind of fabric . Overall , very pleased .
 Royal blue was just what i was looking for , the jersey knit is soft . I washed it before I put it in my sons crib , it held up just fine , hopefully it will continue to hold up with future washes . Fits mattress well , I plan to buy more of these . UPDATE , I just bought two more of these , make sure you do not wash them with other items the first time . You can wash more than one sheet but do not add other items , as the blue color will wear onto other fabric . I will update after my son has actually used them .
 As stated by another reviewer , this is a bright red sheet . That is why I got it . The picture is a deep red , so I was very happy when it arrived and is bright and vibrant . The fabric is soft .
 Super soft , nice aqua color , wash well . Very happy with these sheets so far ; we registered for four teal and two white so we have plenty sets to rotate that go with our theme . We recommend !
 I am so glad I got this sheet , it is so soft I want a big one for my bed . It is true to color and seems like it will breath well for summer but stay warm for winter .
 Just love the color , nice and girly . Washes well , not much color lost in washing . I like the feel , but have n't had my granddaughter use it yet . Thanks Amazon for great services
 I ordered these sheets after trying a number of others on our LA Baby crib mattress and having no luck - all had pockets that were too shallow . These sheets not only fit with a little room to spare -LRB- even after washing/drying -RRB- , but are soft enough for baby 's skin . Great sheets for the money ! I ordered two more .
 This sheet is very soft and is very snug on the crib mattress . Just what I was looking for .
 Looks great on the crib , does not pill , very comfortable , does n't shrink . Ca n't go wrong with this purchase
 It was hard to find lavender sheets to begin with , and very hard to find jersey sheets in this color . Nice , soft & comfy sheet in just the right color for baby girl 's room ! And at a reasonable price ! Very happy with this product .
 The only reason it gets a 4 star instead of 5 is because I wished this sheet came in organic cotton . But , for what it is , the price was right and it was very easy to put on and off the crib mattress -- unlike some other brands that you have to really stretch and pull to fit it properly . Also it is soft to the touch . Even after multiple washes , the sheet is looking good .
 I ordered one of these sheets after trying two others that were just a bit small for our crib mattress . This one fits beautifully , even after washing and drying on a regular cycle . The material is nothing luxurious , but it is nice and soft . If you have had problems fitting other sheets to your mattress , give this one a try !
 This sheet is so soft and very nicely made , unlike many sheets I 've purchased from retail stores . The jersey knit is stretchable but does n't gather too much . I like how easy it is to put onto the mattress as well -LRB- crib sheets are such a pain to change sometimes -RRB- . I will definitely buy another one soon .
 My toddler soaks his diaper so thoroughly every night that I almost always have to change his sheets in the morning . Because of this he wears out his sheets -LRB- or the elastic on the sheets -RRB- fairly quickly . I bought a couple sets of this crib sheet so that I would always have a set ready to go . At first they shed , but after a couple of weeks that stopped . They are comfy , holding up well and the fit is still good -LRB- no shrinking ... and I shrink everything ! -RRB- . I 'm very happy with them .
 I ma using this for a totally different use , to cover a high backed computer chair , it works good , the fabric is thick enough and looks decent . It would work for this purpose better if the sides did n't have elastic but other than that this is a quality item which can be used for other than what it is designed to do .
 Very soft and fits well on the crib matress . I will buy more . Wish it came in King Size !
 Soft . Solid color -LRB- so no over stimulation at bedtime -RRB- . Held up well so far -LRB- 1 of 2 sheets for past 6 months -RRB- I just bought a second one .
 I bought the turquoise color and it is vibrant , does n't fade in the wash and is thick and soft . It perfectly complements the bedding set I ordered and I highly recommend it .
 Ive been looking for dark and vibrant colors for my sons crib and im glad to find these . I was worried if they would be an odd size or something and maybe not fit and be too small but they fit great . I have the davinci kalani crib from target and its a larger sized crib so these sheets will fit any crib you should have . The fabric is soft and well made .
 I ordered this sheet in turquoise and burnt orange and both are just wonderful . The burnt orange is not too `` burnt '' and brown , just a nice pumpkin color , and the turquoise is as pictured . I was hoping the turquoise might be a little bolder than the photo provided but it 's no . So if you 're looking for BRIGHT bright colors , these might not be the sheets for you . They really do have deep sides and they are soft like the softest t-shirt you 've ever felt . For $ 14 a piece , I 'd highly recommend !
 It is a nice warm knit sheet for the crib . Baby likes it and the colour is as shown . I like light colours so that the child is not distracted by dark colours . The only thing is that it is a little thin in quality of the knit fabric as others had pointed out . But , I am happy with it as it is warm .
 After having the baby shower and some sheet sets from family and friends I was a bit concerned that all crib sheets were going to be rough and semi water proof . But these sheets are so soft and they fit perfect . Bravo .
 This sheet , on top of waterproof pad , works great as cover for my dog foam beds . There is also a fleece crib sheet that is even better for my use - for the dogs . but , this sheet is fine .
 Bought this for my daughter 's crib . It 's a rich , luscious color . It 's very soft and the color seems to hold well through the washes .
 i tried so many sheets and nothing fit my 7 inch mattress , finally these fit normally , so glad i got them , thanks
 Yes , as in other review color is a touch lighter , but that 's what I needed . It has washed up so well . My favorite sheet by far .
 Great crib sheet ... true to color , no issues washing it and it feels so soft too . Highly recommend and I would buy this again !
 I bought this sheet to have as a spare when doing laundry for my son 's thomas the train bedroom sheet set . It matches perfectly and the color has not faded after several washes . I like that it is `` Fitted '' . it goes on nice and tight and never comes off the sides no matter how much my son tosses and turns . I would recommend to buy and the array of colors is perfect .
 I love this . Its the perfect color for my sons Dallas Cowboys themed nursery & its very soft and comfortable , rather than the sand paper feeling crib sheet he had before . Feels like an old tee shirt .100 % satisfied
 I was happy to find this nice bright color on Amazon . I was actually wishing for a slightly deeper teal color , but this turquoise is nice too . We are having another little boy , and I am oh-so-tired of the brown and baby blue combo that seems to be rampant in baby boy items.Having never heard of this brand , I set my expectations low regarding quality , but the sheet is actually very nice . It is actually a bit softer/smoother and seems like a marginally better product -LRB- tighter knit -RRB- than a similar Carter 's brand jersey crib sheet that I have.We are waiting for our new little guy to arrive , so I have n't used it with baby yet , but I did wash it and put it on the crib ... so far so good !
 Very soft sheet . Seems like it will hold up to washing . Good quality . The color in the picture is quite accurate . I may buy a second as a backup !
 Crib sheets at Walmart are the same price , but not half the quality . I wanted bright red and navy sheets as I have a bedroom for a boy and girl with mostly primary colors . These are perfect ! I 've washed them numerous times already and had NO fading , and they fit great because of the elastic all the way around . They are much softer than any others I 've purchased as they actually are SHEETS not paper or plastic feeling . I 'll be getting more !
 These sheets are great ! They go over the mattress easy and are extremely soft to the touch . A fantastic product anyone would love to sleep on .
 This crib sheet has seams on all top 4 edges of the mattress making it a perfect fit , nice and tight and smooth . The red color is more of a true bright red unlike the darker red the picture seems to convey . I washed this in hot water with a bunch of other laundry and the color did not fade or run onto other items . I can not comment on the longevity of the sheet , as I have only washed it once .
 Loved the color , it 's almost exactly as the picture.Worked great for my baby 's crib.It fits the mattress perfectly.Haven ' t washed it yet , but hopefully it wo n't shrink or lose its color .
 This is the only place I 've been able to find a royal blue crib sheet ! I was a little weary after reading some of the other reviews but went ahead and ordered . It is a bit thin but so are n't all sheets . I 've owned some blue Jersey sheets before and its the same thickness as they were . Super comfy . My son has to have something soft under him to sleep and this did the trick :-RRB- I plan to order a few more as well !
 I really like these sheets . They 're soft , they do n't fade in the wash , stains come out easily from the fabric , and they look good . They 're simple and easy to put on a standard crib mattress . I bought the yellow , purple , and light blue , and they look great . They 're pretty cheap , and I 'll be buying more when these sheets get old.One last thought , the reason I gave the sheets four stars and not five , is because they are a little thin . Not so bad that it matters a whole lot . If you 're uncomfortable with the mattress showing through a little , get a mattress cover .
 These sheets are top notch . They fit perfectly , but do not rip at the corners like other sheets I have tried .
 I am happy to report that after a year of use , these sheets have not frayed , lost any elasticity , shrunk , or faded . They 're very soft and fit our Sealy Ultra Rest mattress perfectly . Just ordered a couple more colors and could not be happier .
 After reading the reviews for crib sheets , I opted for this one , and I am glad I did . I was having a problem with crib sheets shrinking after long use , so I needed to find one that fit a standard crib mattress well . So far this one works well , and since it is jersey material , it is so soft and comfortable for our little one .
 Most things that claim to be burnt orange are n't , but this one holds true . Also , its the softest crib sheet I have ever felt .
 Very nice and soft . We were having problems finding solid colors in the local stores so this worked out great .
 Great looking , the color is very true to the picture . It fits our serta crib mattress perfectly . It 's great quality , especially for the price .
 these sheets are nice for the price and very soft for the babies to sleep on . My toddler does not always stay in her bed at night , but she lays down easily on these soft sheets .
 My daughter loves this `` huggy '' or `` clutch '' but I dont think it would make a good burp cloth . The diamond pattern is very soft and I would think it would just run off instead of absorbing but hey whatever ! I am giving it a 5 star because it is a great security blanket for Anna Kate and she wont leave home without it .
 This was a great sheet . It felt super soft.The sheet looked new after several washes . I would buy this again .
 Cradle sheets are so hard to find and I was worried that my old mattress would n't ever find a sheet that fits . This sheet fits , does n't shrink in the wash , and is soft for baby . Excellent buy . So far is resistant to baby stains as well . Plan to order from American Baby Co. again .
 I bought this swing when I was about 7 months pregnant with my daughter . Since it was a floor model at Babies R Us , I got it for only $ 50 . This swing is wonderful ! When she was first born , I could n't use it because it would swing too fast , but as she got older she absolutely loved it . The only 2 ways she would fall asleep would be the swing or her boppy . She is now 1 year old , and since she is heavier , it barely swings . But it 's okay because she still loves it , she swings herself and loves to sleep in it still . I am now almost 20 weeks pregnant with a little boy and am going to let him use this swing , too . I would recommend this item to any parent !
 This turned out to be a great purchase for my daughter . I got it when she was almost 2 months old and she still likes it now at 19 months -LRB- she is 22 lbs -RRB- . As an infant , she would fall asleep right away in it , in the glider mode . After she stopped taking naps in it , I started putting her in it every morning , in the swing mode , and put on a video while I made breakfast . Now she asks to swing in it to watch her videos and even just to drink her milk.Pros
 Both of our twin boys will fall asleep in this swing and as far as I am concerned that is by far its biggest benefit . I do n't really see much difference between the swing and the glide other than the position of the seat . I wish that the music would stay on and not turn off after a few minutes and I wish that the mobile was a little more interesting , but overall , this is a good swing . Being able to plug it into the wall is great and saves a lot of batteries .
 I purchased it because the childcare my 1.5 months son was going to had it , and he seemed to really like it . There were very few ways to keep him peaceful at that time , so I embraced the hope and bought it for using at home . Becides , I thought the price for a neat and sturdy construction it 's got was not bad at all . The shipping did n't cost me anything , and surprizingly it came only 2 days later ! Easy assembly , and he was gliding away in no time . Before , I had to hold him for 30-40 mins after feedings in semi-upright position just to make sure he keeps his food down . Now , I can strap him in a glider right after he eats , and the positioning is just right . He is 3 months old now , and the glider is still one of the very few things that keeps him happy . I love the looks , too ! No need to worry about batteries . I think it 's a great deal . The most important thing - my husband is a great enemy of `` buying stuff '' . Period . But he loved this one , so I did n't get in any trouble : -RRB- Cons - neither I nor my child care for the music ... but maybe we 're picky ; takes up some space and is n't mobile - however one person can move it easily , without taking apart if needed .
 I am a first time Mom and my baby girl is 6 weeks old . I was looking for something to soothe her during her fussy times ... usually in the evening . Well ... she absolutely loves this swing . We mostly use it in glide mode -LRB- which is simple to switch back and forth from -RRB- . She likes to just hang out in it and look around and if she is tired she goes to sleep pretty quickly . She looks so comfortable in it ... I wish I had one for me.Our friends loaned us a swing when we first got home but it was too fast and rough . This is great on the slowest mode and I imaging as she gets a bit older we can use the faster speeds.Plug in is great ... save on batteries !
 I bought this about a month ago for my 41/2 month old daughter and she loves it . I like this swing because it 's really sturdy - the base has a front and back while other swings I looked at did n't have that . The color goes well for either boy or girl also . Another thing I love is that I can plug it in and I do n't have to worry about wasting battery pack after battery pack . It 's a really great feature . Like the name suggests , it 's more than a swing but also a glider which is pretty cool , my daughter likes the change up every once in a while . I would 've given it 5 stars instead of 4 but the mobile on the swing seemed a bit too simple . It looks like that part of the swing had more potential to entertain baby but well - it fell a little short . Overall , I would recommend this swing . It 's sturdy , safe , enjoyable , and has cool little features .
 I just absolutely LOVE this swing ! We have been putting my son in it since he was 2 weeks old , and it never fails to put him straight to sleep ! His favorite is the glider selection . We looked at a lot of swings , read plenty of reviews , and decided on this swing.The selling points of this swing are mainly the fact that you can plug it in -LRB- saves a TON of money on batteries ! -RRB- and that it has two types of swinging action - the regular swing mode and a glider swing mode . it also reclines enough for our newborn , and he did n't need an extra head support , it comes with one ! The lowest speed is PLENTY fast and strong , it 's all we 've used so far . Any time he gets fussy , we just plop him in and he falls instantly asleep ! It 's a must-have swing !
 First let me tell you we are expecting Baby # 6 in just a few weeks and this was the last thing on our list that we needed ! I searched store to store looking for the right swing and I am thrilled with this one and I know it will be perfect for the baby!We have used the battery operated ones in the past which eat up batteries ... and I have not been able to find the old Wind Up ones which we thought worked just as great ! The colors are very cute ... practical for either a baby boy or girl -LRB- light green , light blue , and peach -RRB- ... it can work on batteries -LRB- 4 size D -RRB- or you can plug it in to your wall outlet and not use any batteries at all !!! Which sold me right away ! I put this together myself ... no husband required ... easy to follow instructions . It has two modes for swinging ... one is the standard back and forth swinging mode and you can also put it on a Glider mode ... which I think I like much better ! Imagine yourself on a glider swing and how comfortable it is ... this is sure to put your little one right to sleep . It plays like 16 different songs ... traditional as well as relaxing spa music . Has a removable tray , and a slide away mobile . I think this really is the Perfect Swing !!!!
 After we saw how much our baby liked her swing downstairs , I wanted to get a different one for our upstairs room.The glide option is great , and so is the fact that it plugs in . I like the mobile that moves out of the way , but it would be nice if it were motorized and moved or something other than just dangling above her head . I also wish it came in other colors since this one is kinda boy-ish . The swing does not go slow enough , so we have to drape a blanket or something over it to slow it down -LRB- it even suggests doing this in the manual ! -RRB- . It 's also pretty noisy , and it takes up a lot of space.Other than that though , the baby likes it !
 We bought this swing mainly because of the fact that it plugs into the wall instead of having to have batteries . It is definitely the best investment that we made in baby gear . My 3 month old son LOVES it ! When he 's tired , he likes it in Glider mode , and when he 's awake and ready to look around , he likes the Swing mode . I love being able to switch back and forth depending on his mood . I would definitely recommend this swing to anyone !
 I can clearly say that this swing is great the motor is quiet , the music is clear and clean sounding not tinny . And the padding is so easy to remove , clean , and to reattach . Babys love this thing , it 's the next best thing to rocking them yourself .
 This swing is so cool . I like the gliding option , which was more suitable for my tiny baby . He loves it and never gets bored of it . It does a wonderful job putting him to sleep . I also like the plug-in system , you do n't have to worry about batteries or their cost . The music is quite soothing as well . Sometimes I put my baby to bed and he wo n't sleep , so I just play the music for him , and he immediately stops crying ! Could n't be more satisfied with my purchase -LRB- especially that I a only paid $ 60 and got free shipping at babies r us ! -RRB-
 My daughter loves this `` huggy '' or `` clutch '' but I dont think it would make a good burp cloth . The diamond pattern is very soft and I would think it would just run off instead of absorbing but hey whatever ! I am giving it a 5 star because it is a great security blanket for Anna Kate and she wont leave home without it .
 I am really happy with these bottlets . I am so glad that I found them !
 I have used this bottle drying rack and am very impressed with it . I think that whomever thought of this idea is a genius . I have to constantly wash bottles out all day long and I hate to put them in regular disk rack because it does not seem sanitary . I can also wash the bottles in dishwasher , but because of the humididty they do not dry all of the way . So , I take them out and put them on the rack and they dry quickly , without sitting on a rack with regular dishes . It also washes up very nicely so that it is always sanitary and I do n't have to think about bacteria that may cause my little one to be ill .
 I was looking for a small drying rack for Sigg water bottles and this is perfect . It has two different sized adjustable arms so that you can arrange it to suit your needs . Also , not pictured , is a little attachment for tops and lids .
 I do n't have anything to which I can compare this , but this one did the job . I think any bottle rack would probably work well , so I recommend getting the one that costs the least . I guess the slanted feature is helpful , and the plastic spike thingys are removable . I 've cleaned it in the dishwasher and it has held up well .
 love it very much , very easy , big , and have place for all stuff .
 This holds all my bottles and supplies easily . It does n't take up too much room and keeps my stuff organized . Great for the price !
 I love this bottle drying rack ! We have been using it for 2.5 years now . I initially bought it because it was less expensive than the others on the market and had a slant so the water would drain right off into the sink . I would buy it again in a heartbeat . I really like that you can easily change the spacing and arrangement of the prongs . The whole thing is dishwasher safe . We are past the bottle stage now but use it for sippy cups as well as for our own reusable water bottles and things . It holds A LOT of items . And the tray for the back is great for the nipples , baby utensils , straws , etc. . I ca n't say enough about it - why spend more ?
 This is the best bottle holder I have had thus far . It 's simple in design and does what it needs to do . I love how the water can drain into the sink because all of the other ones I 've had got moldy so quickly . It 's very sturdy as well .
 I liked it mostly because it looks nice on the fireplace edge without standing out . It seems very safe , I hit the corners pretty hard myself and it really does absorb impact . Some of the kiddie safety stuff is so obvious in your house , I hate that . But most people do n't even realize I have this on my fireplace , which is nice.The only complaint I have is that where the corners meet the guard , it has seperated a bit . I took special care to stretch and make sure I installed it correctly , but after a few days once the adhesive tape dried and the material settle dI guess , there is a small gap between the corner guards and the main strip . Nothing terrible , still looks nice , but it can be seen.Overall , a great product if you want to keep your toddler safe while not making your home look like a day care .
 The adhesive seems to be of good quality . Our , almost , 2 year old has yet to remove these from the coffee table which they are on , not to say there has been lack of trying . And they have served their purpose for a few stumbles running through the family room . I would recommend these to any other parents looking for high quality guards .
 This was a perfect solution to sharp corners and edges on our wood entertainment center . The chocolate brown color blends in better than could have been expected -LRB- my husband did n't even notice I had attached it to the entertainment center until I pointed it out to him -RRB- and it was easily cut to fit . The double sided tape adhesive strips hold on tight and the package came with a lot of extra tape strips to allow for errors and/or re-positioning or reusing in other areas . I highly recommend this product !
 As the rubber is a 90 Degree elbow shaped running for a 20 Ft , the company has rolled it to reduce the packaging size . the inner most loop of the rubber is having a lot of folds and it is making it difficult to stick to the edge of the table . The packaging needs to be modified so that the product is not damaged.The good thing is the product is of very good quality and it will definately helpful .
 The Package says JUMBO corners but what you actually get are really small size ones . We have the JUMBO size ones from Safety 1st and those are 4 times the size of the ones in this package . Otherwise good color , quality and more than enough enough stickers .
 The 3M tape really does not work to keep this product attached . I used 3M Super 77 Spray Adhesive-granted it would not be fun to remove that adhesive from wooden furniture . We put this on wooden tables in the toy department at a thrift shop and using that adhesive it is hard to pull off the table guards . I think the item is over-priced but the cushioning and protection factor is very good.I would highly recommend it .
 Provides the right amount of cushion . My son was pulling up on furniture by 5 months but was very clumsy . This product was great and came with lots of strong double sided tape .
 I normally buy the guards from local home centers -LRB- white/grayish colored -RRB- , and stores charge $ 10 for 4 corners , and another $ 20-30 for straight guards with equivalent lengths . So this is a good real good deal for me . It was also perfect that I was looking for darker brown guards this time.These are softer than what I was used to , and I think that is good as it can give a little . The adhesives are instant and strong , which is great once installed in place . However during the installation -LRB- sticking to the surface -RRB- , I had to pull up quickly several times after sticking because the straight guards are soft and easily give in when the adhesives are not in a straight line.There are sufficient dual-sided adhesive strips to cover all , no more and no less .
 I bought this prince lionheart kit because I was basically freaking out every time my 15 month old ran by my tv stand with very sharp glass edges , he had had an accident prior to me getting the kit , and i said enough made the purchase it arrived quick , and i used the corner edge protectors on my tv stand edges with the provided adhesive.I read on here that many people had problems with the provided adhesive , maybe they do n't know how to properly place it on the protector guards , because my adhesive has stuck fine on glass , and has stayed on for the month or so I 've had it on ... and still going strong!I love this stuff , I know as a parent you ca n't prevent every accident , but this sure gives me peace of mind when my 15 month old toddler is moving around the tv stand because i know he wo n't hit his head on a super sharp glass edge , whenever he 's moving around in our small apartment . As a parent you should do all you can to protect your child , and this has def . worked for me ! Worth every penny , the only negative is I wish it came with more edge guards , as it only comes with 4 edge guards and the long stretch of guard material .
 Once our son was mobile at 7.5 months , we started baby proofing our apartment , and these edge guards and corner pieces were some of the first baby proofing products we purchased . We love the corner pieces on edges of our bookcase . We feel a bit better knowing the glass edges of our TV stand are now padded with the foam of the edge guard . While the foam is not the most attractive to look at , it is not a complete eye sore and we found a neutral color to blend in with our decor . Easily adheres to surfaces .
 Purchased this product for the edge of our fireplace and the underside of our metal base , glass top coffee table . It 's easy to install and we 've had no problems with the edges coming off , yet . If they do , we 'll just reapply or buy stronger double-sided tape . Also purchased the elastic padded bumber , but even the small was too big for our coffee table and I do n't sew -LRB- as some reviews suggested -RRB- . The foam edges have worked just fine . Great invention that give us piece of mind and our son added safety while he plays in the living room .
 We have a wooden fouton in our living room that we use as a couch . I put this on all the edges and it is absolutley amazing . My 6 month old does n't bang her legs when she scoots around near it , plus it helps mom 's and dad 's legs because the cushion keeps sliding off . The only thing I see wrong is that the sticky comes off . We 've nailed it into our fouton because we plan on keeping it there .
 This works perfectly , I love this invention . The tape sticks to my coffe table really firm , now when my 8 month old reaches to pull up onto the table , it does n't give me a scare .
 We were able to cover the edge at Grandma 's house with ease . Cuts easy , tape is sticky and has n't peeled off . My daughter has tried to peel off a part , and we just stuck it back on and it 's still sticking and working just fine .
 The product comes with several strips of 3M double tape , which seems tp have a lot of strength . My one year old has tried to pull it off the table and has not had success . Compared the the Kidkusion I bought for the fireplace , this one has a much stronger bond when applied .
 it worked fine . but cutting it to the right size was n't the easiest and i was off a couple times . it seems to be sticking , but my toddler has n't tried ripping it off yet .
 Used it on the edge of a low hanging celling at the bottom of our stairs . No more bumped heads . Installed easy , and very well made .
 We purchased a glass coffe table when our son was about 4 months old . I was a nervous reck the first time he pulled up on it . We immediatly went to the store and purchased the table edge guard . It was VERY easy to put on our tables . It has been in place , with no adjusting for the last 8 to 9 months . I like that it is very fitted so our son never tries to pull it off . I thought it was worth the price as well . It is a definate must have !
 Easy to put on , but sometimes easy to come off ! The only problem we have had is with the cornors . 2 of the 4 have come off in 5 months time , which is n't too bad . My son pulled one off and the other one came off because with getting up and down from the couch we bumped it a lot and it came off . Rest of it has stuck great , but we make sure we keep little hands from pulling it off ! One thing we were worried about was the finish on our coffee table , but the tape is great and does n't take any of the finish off , which makes us feel a lot better ! Still better then the ones that have elastic in them , those are very easy to take off , but I wish this product would either come with stickier tape , or extra tape !
 When I had my first child he had many a bumps and bruises due to the coffee table so we did away with it . When he got older we went out and bought another now having our second child 8 months old we were prepared to throw out another set of tables on our livingroom . We bought this as a last ditch effort . We love it.The thing that you need to do is put tape on the top and the side of the table and it will not come off . My daughter pulls up on this to get up and not a problem she pulls at it and nothing has ever come off .
 We bought and used the protector strips for the edges of our walls . There were 3 corners that we were concerned about our 1 year old falling into . The `` Sticky Tape '' portion was VERY easy to attach and stayed in place extremely well . I simply measured the height I would need , cut with a pair of shears and attached . It was every bit worth the money we paid for the product . I actually had to remove one portion of the `` Sticky Tape '' and it peeled right off for me , but not my Son . ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL . I only wish that I had known about this product when my daughter was a toddler . It would have saved us a couple of calls to the Doctor . I would try any product from Prince Lionhart .
 These work just fine . A child can pull them off , but they also come with extra tape to re-apply . Nothing on the market will work 100 % . Yes they do damage your funiture , but a sharp corner will do may more damage to you childs head or other body parts . I would make rather replace a coffee table or two then have to live with the fact that I did n't protect my child when I could have !
 I bought thisPrince Lionheart Table Edge Guard with 4 Corners , Greyin hope of protecting my son from bumps on our coffee table . Well i procrastinated and did n't put it up till this week . My son is 10 months and is full blown running so it was time . problem was i could not find the adhesive to attach the thing to the table . So i improvised . We measured the foam and cut accordingly to make it a tight fit . we then attached the corner pieces to the cut out parts using gorilla glue and then clear packing tape to re-enforece the hold . finally we put it on the table , it has just enough give to put on and off but not enough that LO will pull it off easily and huge plus for us ... no damage to our pottery barn table ! once i get so me photos i will attach but for the moment it is serving its purpose and we are very happy ! another plus we had about 6 inches left over that we used to cover our desk pull out keyboard thing . ca n't beat that .
 I put this on my coffee table and it works great . Seems pretty secure and there will be no split foreheads with this stuff on the edges !
 This works great . It looks much better than the non-adhesive cushion and so far our 10 mo old daughter has not attempted to pull it off . She actually enjoys chewing it as if it is a teether and it does n't even leave a mark -LRB- she has 2 teeth -RRB- . It provides a lot of padding and most importantly to us it pads the corners of our tables greatly .
 Searched several stores for an item like this but could not find anything this good . It already saved my child several times . It is definitely worth the price ! Highly recommended !
 This a great product . Also it would be good if you could buy plastic cover for the top of the crib railling .
 My daughter started walking a few months back . She used our coffee table to pull herself up and would along it holding on , but once she could walk without holding on something it became a hazard . These edge guards take away some worries , especially about the corners . One note about putting them on . It comes coiled up . As you get closer to the end it coils more on its own and can get caught wrong while putting it on . I used the beginning for the long sides and the ends for the short sides so I could extend it flat and put it on correctly .
 AS soon as my daughter was able to get around , these were bought , and let me tell you , it was worth it ! We 've had these for over 6 months now and it has saved her from getting seriously injured on furniture . She is a very active , running 18 month old , and just like other toddlers , when they run , they fall , and even though we took out our coffee table , we still have book shelves , and side tables that she has fallen into . These pads have saved her from some seriously sharp corners ... they do the trick and do NOT harm furniture when removed .
 Good quality but it only covers the top part of the corner so it is still dangerous for baby to get up .
 This product works great . It kept my son 's head and face safe many times . Very easy to install and remove .
 With an adventurous and slightly clumsy baby , these have gone a long way towards avoiding bruises and bumps while she learns to walk and run . The ability to cut the padding and included double sided sticking tape with scissors make it easy to pad sharp furniture edges of all lengths . However there are a couple of things we have found that help us optimize its usage . We learned to make sure the ends of any piece were very well stuck down and did n't jut out otherwise our baby would pick at them and start peeling off the padding - to avoid this , it helped to put double-sided tape all the way to the end of the piece on both inner edges . Also we did n't use the precut edges because we found that our baby managed to rip them off pretty easily and then tried to eat the backing tape.Just be aware that if your baby is teething , the spongy texture of the padding makes it tempting for them to bite on . I 'm not 100 % comfortable with that as it is fire retardant-treated despite being labeled non-latex and non-toxic . For now I just wipe them down several times with hot water and dry well or try to put other more tempting teethers within reach .
 This is a great edge guard with good strong tape . I cut the edge in half and even made a bumper for our daughter 's doorway jumper to protect her from bumping her head on the door jam .
 I originally thought I would apply this to the crib to keep the little piranha from chewing the rail . But once I opened the package and felt how soft it was , all I could imagine was coming in to see my son with a mouthful of padding.But if you are looking for an edge guard for a coffee table , counter top , etc. . . This is really great !
 I like it . It is nice . It sticks nicely . and soft . Not worried about baby 's head hitting the table anymore . Thank you .
 I 'm very satisfied with this product . I feel safe when my baby comes near the table edge . it 's very soft and the color well matched with the furniture that I think I can keep it for along time .
 This product is good for areas that need a more narrow padding . We endedup putting this on top of another cyclinder padding that was not working well.We cut strips to fit on top and side to support our disabled son 's elbow ashe leaned on it . The strips are nice and cut easily to fit . We put it ontop and side and we were afraid the side one might come off due to thepressure of leaning constantly on it . We thought maybe leaning the elbow on it might tug at it too much . However , to date it is still holding !!! . This product is very soft , works well , very easy to put on and staysexceptionally well .
 i reviewed similar product from this company before . it is a good product which can absorb force well so all in all it serves it purpose well.One thing it can improve on is the adhesive glue used for bonding . Currently it uses 3M tapes , which is okay but over time a child 's curiosity will grow they will pick on it and over a period of two months of picking it may come off . But they give you plenty of 3M tapes , so you can put it together again .
 Found the product to be very helpful for our dog who is going blind and can get hurt by inadvertently banging into a glass cocktail table .
 This is very easy to install yourself , I put in in my camper trailer to edge a bunk bed . Looks great .
 I love this tape ! it 's thick and spongey . the closet doors in our little one 's bedroom are acordion style with a metal brace , she loves playing in her closet i was afraid she would get hurt by that metal piece so i put some of the tape over it , it 's perfect !
 I used the guard on table corners and a fireplace and both worked great . I disagree with the reviews that said there were n't enough tape and it was n't strong enough - I received plenty of tape I even have extra ! And they taped stuck better then I expected . I would recommend !
 We bought 2 sets , used on window sill , formica edges and corners , and along mirrored wall edges ... we suggest not putting tape in guard but putting on the surface first , then slowly rolling the guard over the tape in a straight line .
 My mother-in-law actually thought we added decorative moulding to our coffee table after we applied this edge guard ! It was a little tricky for my husband to peel off the tape paper and it does n't go on perfectly straight/seamless , but we are very pleased with the superior protection this product provides for our toddler 's little head . : -RRB-
 Looks good and fits great for our toybox . Quality foam product with 3m double side tape . Wish there were more color choices . Excellent for our application , would probably never put it on our broyhill coffee table due to the possibility of the tape removing the finish .
 We started using the table edges when my 1st born was starting to pull herself up to things . We still have them on our glass coffee and end tables now that she 's 2 and our youngest is 1 year old . I ca n't tell you how many times they have bumped into or tried biting into the tables but with these guards on , they are injury free -LRB- at least from these edges ... now they need to come up with guards for table legs !! -RRB- The only downfall is that over time -LRB- 1 year for us -RRB- they started to come off but the Table Edge Guard & Four Corners comes with more double-sided extra strength tape you could ever use ! This product is ABSOLUTELY worth the $ .
 We have been using this product for over four years ... and think it 's the BEST ! There have been NO problems with it peeling away from the coffee table and the kids have not bothered it at all . Installation was easy enough too . It does it 's job beautifully and I am so thankful we made this purchase . I only wish we had it BEFORE -LRB- not because -RRB- our first born got four stiches in the forehead from going one on one with the coffee table !
 I purchased this item a few weeks ago and I love it . It sure has prevented alot of bumps and bruises for my 8 month old . The foam has stayed attached to the tape really well , so far , even though my child also uses it like a teething ring . The only drawback I found was measuring the foam . I cut a few pieces too short and had to piece them . But I figure most people who visit will understand as long as my child is safe .
 A lot of reviews say that the stickiness of the tape is n't that great , and it is n't - but so far it 's not a problem . The guards are great because we have a fake stone fireplace so the edge is much more uneven than brick , but the guard works great . A definite for anyone with a fireplace and a squishy little handful of a baby : -RRB-
 I bought this for multiple purposes and it worked perfectly for all . The only con is that it is a bit pricey . Overall , definitely worth the price.-Corner pieces used separately on corners of tables without the longer strips
 I looked everywhere in the hardware store for something like this , but I could n't find anything suitable . This is great , closed-cell high density foam that can blunt a very hard wack . The adhesive is a very nice foam mounting tape from 3M that has enough grip to be toddler-proof , but it could still be peeled off and repositioned without damaging anything . However , it came in a bunch of little strips , and each strip of mounting tape needed to be peeled off and applied to the foam bumper . Both sides of the corner need many strips applied . For a long run , this took a lot of peeling and sticking , and it was a bigger project than I thought it would be . It was n't difficult , but I wish I just had the tape in a big roll , or a pre-applied tape on the bumper .
 These bumpers work well on our wooden coffee table . Our daughter has already hit her head on the edge and she was not injured at all . They 're ugly , but I 'm not sure how a bumper could be more attractive . They were easy enough to install and I found that the adhesive worked fine , although I have not tried to remove it yet .
 I bought this product to baby proof the glass top dining table I have.Pros
 Other reviews have said that this product is difficult to cut , but I used a pair of ordinary scissors and did n't have any problem whatsoever . Also , the foam is a bit stretchy , so your measurements do n't have to be exact . I cut the foam a bit short and then just stretched it to fit . While it 's true that the tape wo n't last forever , it is also true that it wo n't leave a mark on your furniture once you want to remove it permanently . Simply apply more double-sided tape when the adhesive breaks down . Easy !
 This product was very easy to install . It required to be cut into the specific length desired , which was a piece of cake with regular scissors , and stuck to the table edges - again - very easy . The colour fits perfectly with my decor and does not look cheap . The cushiony texture of the guard gives me peace of mind when my 11-month-old stumbles around my coffee tables . We 've installed this guard approximately 11/2 months ago and so far , it has stood the test of baby teeth and picking.I have yet to attempt taking them off so I do not know if it will damage my tables yet .
 My 16 month old son took a header off the couch onto the corner of the coffee table . He ended up with a bloody nose but he was fine . However I 'm sure it would of turned out completely different had I not used the edge guards . Sure glad we did n't have to make a trip to the ER that night . Those things are pretty solid . Very thick padding .
 Easy to fix and it is surely a protective cushion . Now i now i do n't have to worry about my baby hitting his head on edge of hard suffaces
 This edge and corner set is a great value . We started with just corners and found we missed a lot of other dangerous areas , including a knee-high tall toy chest with thick drawers . This set was perfect to secure the entire thing . It was easy to trim and apply . I prefer the gray to the chocolate for lighter woods . Its sort of a cement tan color . Its very dense foam , so if you press down pretty hard you still wont feel sharp edge . Good product .
 I am glad I bought this product . It looks much much better than those grey color table edge in the stores . My only complain is
 Table Edge Guard works great and is easy to mount to almost any furniture edge . 5 Stars for this product !!
 Easy to put up , takes a bit of time , but overall fairly easy ! Was n't too crazy about the type of adhesive that comes with it , but I look at it this way ... . I 'd rather re-finish my wood coffee tabble than deal with all the boo-boos and broken teeth it -LRB- my coffee table -RRB- has caused ! -LRB- I have three kiddos and this coffee table has taken a tooth from two of them before they were 2yrs old -RRB- I 'm hoping this protector will prevent that with my third little one ! Personally I hate this coffee table , but my husband will not get rid of it ... I put this protector on my fire place too , and it looks and feels wonderful . I like that it streches a bit , and I had plenty of adhesive left over ! I rate this product 4 stars , definitely worth the price just know that adhesive is going to be a consern when I remove the product !
 safe and easy to install , , beautiful view . .100 % protect children from sharp edges , , i recommend it as protection from sharp edges . . i like it
 Shipped in nice original box.Four corner plus the long strip - as described.A nice touch is the double-sided-tape is 3M and not some cheap fall-off-next-week tape .
 I bought a Safety First Foam Edge Bumper from Wal-Mart for the SAME price as this that was only about 5ft and did n't have corners , and it was already cut into strips . That was a HUGE mistake . Comparing this set to the one I bought , it wins in every category . It contains more than twice as much foam - PLUS corners , you can cut it to whatever size you need , it bends around curves , and It 's MUCH softer than the Safety First bumper!I love it , and it 's perfect . It STICKS ! It 's 3m brand double-sided tape and it did n't budge ! I suspect people who said it does n't stick did not clean/dry the surface properly , touched the tape too much , or maybe had a textured surface . I could n't pull mine off , so I know my 9 month old ca n't .
 So far I love this product - very soft and cushiony and wraps smartly around corners . I have n't had problems with my baby trying to detach it yet .
 We have installed 5 of those already and product looks ok even on the darker furniture . I especially like corners , before it arrive I thought I will create corners as it needed from the straight parts - when it came I 've realized how nave I was , despite this is probably one of the best materials to test how handy I am.Another thing I like - once it is in place I can still peel it off if I 'm doing this slowly and carefully and I do n't see any marks on the furniture . Disclaimer
 We have a dangerouly sharp edged coffee table that has drawers at both ends , from ikea and these guards fit it perfectly . We are even still able to open the drawers . My husband did the installation which was quick and simple . He stretched it to fit certain areas but I would NOT suggest doing this because it will shrink back a little after a day or so and create tiny gaps . One side was cut perfectly and it looks flawless . It looks as good as a table with guards can look . . not gaudy or ugly . They have already saved my daughters head from 2 falls . I can let her roam the living room without stressing . They are soft and provide adequate cushioning . I assume some crafty toddlers could rip them off if they were really focused but I recommend taping BOTH sides of each guard , then it is much harder to pull . All in all these are highly recommended !!!
 I actually got these because my dog 's head is the perfect height to put an eye out on the corners of my coffee table when he swings his head wildly while playing with his toys . I ordered these along with another kind of corner protector because I was n't sure if this foam would be enough protection . When I received them , I was happy to find they are firm and soft . I 've found if you hit the corners , they do n't compact enough to feel the edge , but they have a little give so it 's not as hard a hit . One bit of advice if you do like I do and want to make more corner pieces - after you cut each piece , fold them in half -LRB- where they will wwrap around the corner -RRB- and put something heavy on them for a couple of days so they can pick up that shape . They will not stay on with the tape included if you do n't pre-bend them , because they want to stay straight.These also do not stick out too far from the table , so it 's another plus .
 adheres well to our table and people even complemented that it looks decent . no problems with pealing off . will recommend buying .
 I 'm just worried for when i need to remove it ! I might be purchasing new tables ? I even used it on a wall corner near the play area . Stays fine . My son even tried chewing on it w his new sharp teeth . It held up . He was not able to puncture it !
 I had purchased these awhile back and as soon as my 6 mo old started crawling realized it was time to use them . First things first-I like the dark color , it does n't look too weird against my espresso furniture . I came on here to read reviews about damaging the wood-and I see both good and bad reviews on that . Since I just got my coffee table three months ago I was a little hesitant about it . What if it ruins the finish when I take it off ? So I kind of just held off on putting them on . Literally that same day my son lo and behold lost his balance and fell forward causing a big knot on his little forehead :-LRB- I did not waste any time COVERING every sharp corner and edge on my table . I figure ... if it ruins the finish oh well . I will buy another table . My son 's safety is more important than any peice of furniture . The foam is very cushiony . Easy to use . Not sure how well the tape will stay as we are on our second day with it on but ... so far so good .
 This was a great product for us . It becomes very easy to imagine the dangers around once we 're Moms and this is one less thing to worry about . Mine had been on for 4 years and I had no problem removing it at all . The cushion is nice and thick and saved my son from many mishaps that could have resulted in split lips , chipped teeth , stitches , etc. . No problem cutting it to fit with a scissors . We have a whirlpool tub in our master bath that is surrounded by a tile ledge . Being concerned about the obvious potential for injury there on a slippery bathroom floor , I cushioned that area with great relief . We also used it on a large , wooden coffee table , glass shelves and all of our marble window sills . Worked like a charm and removal was not a problem since the adhesive can just be rolled off . I 've seen complaints at this site ranging from being too easily removed to not coming off easily enough . I mean , which is it ? This is a quality product and if folks are more concerned with their furniture than their children , then leave your corners and hard surfaces exposed and put pictures of your pristine coffee table in your wallet ...
 This was so easy to assemble and my son went right over to it and has n't pulled anything off . It 's a little time consuming to get the pieces on but totally worth it !
 Easy to use and not just for babies . I have used it on a shelf that overhangs a work station . People would bend over to pick something up off the counter and bump their head on the shelf . Now - if they bump , it does n't hurt . The padding is very thick and easy to apply .
 I have used these corner guards for babyproofing my home for my grandchildren and they have worked great . However , as you have probably already read , the self adhesive tape that comes with this product does not stick very well.So ... I went to HomeDepot and purchased some heavey duty velcro tabs . After replacing the adhesive tape with the heavy duty velcro , the corners stay in place like like a charm . The kids are just at the height to run into the corners of the granite kitchen island . I am sure that placing these inexpensive corner guards has saved me many emergency room visits.Hope this helps .
 I purchased this table guard about a month ago . I feel that the padding itself is pretty cushiony -LRB- especially if compared to the expandable table guards -RRB- and I feel it would prevent a child from seriously hurting themselves if they should run into the table . However , I also felt there were a few problems . You have to apply the four pre-cut foam corners to the table -LRB- easy -RRB- , then you have to measure the rest of the foam , which is one long piece , to fit your table -- and you have to be EXACT so USE A TAPE MEASURER -LRB- easy -RRB- . However , cutting the foam was NOT that easy . The directions suggest you use a serrated bread knife - we opted to use a razor knife - but still ended up with some gaps . This certainly does NOT look good and can not be fixed ! The tape they give you to apply to the table is NOT very durable and I do n't see it lasting . I do n't know how easy the tape itself comes off the table , but I do know that the foam is constantly coming off of the tape . Plus small children , like mine , are forever pulling the foam off of the table - which IS very easy for them to do . My children are always playing near the table now since they enjoy pulling the foam off so much ! Another dissapointment is that the foam only protects the top and sides of the corners - whereas I would have prefered it covered the ENTIRE corner -LRB- top and bottom -RRB- in case a child is reaching under the table and hits his/her head while standing up . Also , if anything gets spilled onto the table - which DOES happen with kids - it will lessen the durability of the tape . And you WILL get crumbs in between the table and the foam - which IS very hard to clean . Overall , the product is good and does serve its purpose . I will definately keep the foam on my table since I feel it will help to prevent any serious injuries , but I am going to also be ordering one of the `` expandable '' bumbers to cover it . This will cover the ugly gaps , prevent my kids from pulling it off and hopefully , my friends wo n't notice the collection of crumbs I have acquired since I have put the guard on the table !
 I write this review in the hopes that more parents will buy this product . I have used it for two years know on my living room furniture and it has prevented numerous serious accidents . I do suggest though you use this product on any sharp edge object in your home . I say this because recently my 3yr old fell from a play chair in his room and hit his head on his bedrail cutting his head open to the bone . It was the most horrifying event in my life and I feel that if I had placed this product along the rail of my son 's bed this accident could have been prevented . My son is doing well ; however it could have been much more serious . I now use this product on items such as the toy box , dresser courners , bedrail , shelf edging , and any other sharp edge I find in my home . I know that accidents will happen , but they can be prevented by simply using the safety products that are provided to us by companies such as this . After reading some of the other reviews I would like to add that this product does not stay applied permently , you will have to by extra double sided tape to reapply the product and once applied it does not take away from the beauty of your furniture . If you feel that it will take away from the look of your furniture just think about what your house would look like without your child .
 I bought this set about 2 years ago ! It has served us well . We used it on our kitchen table that is glass with sharpe edges , it works great ! My very active two year old has finally removed one of the strips after a year of pulling it off -LRB- and us putting it back on ! -RRB- We are now buying another set to replace the old . These edge guards have saved us many trips tot eh doctore ! When he runs full speed and runs into the table , he just bounces right off , no harm done . I 'm not sure what we would have done without it ! So if you have a very active child , they may pull the guards off , but putting them back on takes 5 seconds and there is extra tape , so you can re-stick them if needed ! Highly recommend .
 We like the product and works very well . It 's a little pricey but overall good product . We have purchased several .
 Highly recommended . Provides great protection against the glass edges . I have have a glass top coffee table and this product fixes perfectly around the edges . Bought this for my one year old son when he was learning to walk . Has helped me also since I have also bumped against the table a couple of times , before I put this on , and hurt my leg . Blends with the other furniture .
 works fine . children proof , it 's easy to use . especially enjoyed the premade corners . I wish there were a lot more of the premade corners .
 This brand of table guards has held on to the edge of our glass table much better than those mentioned above . It 's softer and sticks much better using the enclosed tape .
 I have a platform bed . My toddler fell and hit his head on the corner once . And other times he kicked the bottom while running . This product was just what I needed to cover all the edges . It has been there for 6 weeks and so far so good .
 Exactly what we needed for the sharp corners and edges on our coffee table and end tables . Color is perfect for darker furniture .
 My crazy bruiser has made this probably the best baby purchase I made . Does n't come unstuck like the crappy clear one I tried before.sticks to my wood coffee table and glass trim on tv stand.Haven ' t tried to take it off yet so I do n't know what that 's going to be like but it was def worth it .
 We have a big fireplace and this fit it , with some left over . It 's easy to install but , keep in mind that your baby can easily pull this off of whatever it 's attached to but , you do n't want something that is going to stay on forever . Great product , Great price !
 People wrote that it did n't work out because of the double-sided tape . Yeah ... no kidding . Kids naturally would rip it off . What did they expect ? I used velcro and it worked great . Alright , rip it off ? Just put it back on . Soft , but good material for protection .
 I gave it only four stars because the item arrived with some of it missing , that was however resolved.The product does what it is supposed to .
 I have used the table edge guard for 5 weeks now and no problems with my 12 month old pulling it off from the table . The double stick tape is plenty strong and resists his efforts to tug and pull at it . The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is that it is hard to align and cut -LRB- being thick foam -RRB- so the alignment of the long pieces with the corner pieces looks off and not pretty . Also because it is foam , it stretches and when laying it out by yourself , it is easy to not estimate enough length and leave a gap between the long pieces and a corner piece . Because once you lay down a very long straight piece , it is hard to pull it up off of the table edge , without ripping the double stick tape off and re align your piece . I guess that is due to my clumsiness , but overall a good product .
 I have used it on both a glass-topped table & wooden crib . It was easy to put on & has been very durable , despite the best efforts of my very active 1 year old ! Very functional & economical .
 I was n't too sure how this will turn out aesthetically on the table , but now I am glad that the product managed to stick onto the table edges and looks good too . Now I worry less when my kids run around the table !
 I put this everywhere ... . and I have witnessed MANY occasions where I say `` Yeah !!! It worked ! ''
 I really like this Prince Lionheart Table Edge Guard , it was easy to apply to my glass table and it even keeps my dogs from hitting their heads when they play . I do wish there was more of the edge guard in the package , so it would cover more than one table and half of an end table , but I guess you ca n't have it all .
 I ordered this item for an employees desk . It had a 90 degree corner edge and it was bothering his arms/wrist . It fixed the problem !
 We got this to use on a nice looking storage box that would hold toys , and look like it was ment to be in the family room . The box is a bit taller than the typical toy box and has sharp corners . I thought we needed both edge guards and corner guards . But after putting on the corners , I found the foam padding was stronger and softer than I expected and now we have the Edge Guards to use elsewhere . Because of the length of the edge guards , even more uses may come from this . More money to spend on the baby and we all now how much they want/need .
 I previously purchased the four corners , not knowing -LRB- but wishing -RRB- that the product came with edge guards as well . I was pleasantly surprised to find out that it did . The product ended up being even better than I expected . It does take some time measuring the guards , cutting , and sticking on , but once they 're on you can forget it . I never have to worry about my little one bumping her head or her eyes . They adhere really well to the table -LRB- my daughter ca n't pull them off -RRB- , but they do n't tear up the table 's finish when they need to be removed . My daughter also likes to use the table edge as a teether and they have stood up remarkably well . They have n't ripped ot torn . In fact , there are no little teeth marks in them at all . I highly recommend this product .
 This product is affordable and easy to instal . It makes the learning to walk time less painful for little ones .
 Just installed in on my coffee table and it is not an eyesore ! It really blends in at the same time that protects my son from the sharp corners . Will be buying more to apply to the underside corners and the leg corners - for some reason my son keeps hitting his head on every corner possible !
 I searched for bumpers and found this product to be great ! It comes In a variety of colors . I was able to match the other furniture in my home . Bumpers are easy to assemble and stick on the furniture !! Extra adhesive is provided . Great product !! Highly recommended !!
 I needed a solution for a sharp tile step down into my living room - every time I stepped down I envisioned my baby cracking her skull on that :-LRB- I was hesitant to buy this , though , because I was skeptical that it would stick and chocolate seemed like the wrong color to match my tile . It sticks really well - we 'll see how it holds up over time - and the color looks great against my taupe tile . It really does n't look cheesy at all . We 're going to use the corner pieces on a table of mine and I 've already checked the color there too . Not great against some sort of reddish brown wood , but miles ahead of the hideous Safety 1st Expandable Table Edge Bumper . This stuff gives a perfect fit since it 's cut to fit . The expandable thing does n't fit the sizes listed -LRB- no way it will work on a 90 inch table -RRB- and it looks like a pair of hand-me-down training pants from the 1970s .
 Awesome product !! I love it . After the newness wore off and my daughter stopped trying to teeth on it . I feel much more at ease with my daughter playing near the coffee table with the bumpers . The adhesive works well and we have no movement of the bumpers . I definitely recommend this product .
 I bought this edge guard to protect an `` L '' shaped computer/office desk , and the chair that I kept banging against it . It 's functional , not real pretty , but it serves my needs well . That 's not to say that it 's ugly ; it 's just not going to enhance the beauty of the piece of furniture . It 's thick and dense , and a flat medium brown in color -LRB- think `` hot chocolate '' -RRB- . The feel of this foam tells me that it will hold up well with repeated punishment . To apply the double sticky tape
 The Prince Lionheart Table Edge Guards are typically for protecting your toddlers from the sharp edges of your furniture . I live in an all-wood floor apartment , so I 'm using this product to protect the bottom edges and corners of my heavy furniture . They work great and it 's exactly what I wanted . Wish they came in other colors ! Good product .
 I was looking for some protective material to mostly cover a lot of corners , but did n't want to spend a lot of money.This stuff works great , I cut it up into about 1 inch pieces , put on a couple of pieces of the double adhesive tape , and then put it onto a corner . While you get a few corner pieces with the kit , this way you can protect as many corners as you need to .
 It 's very soft . I feel safe to tape it onto every edge at home to protect my baby . I totally bought 4 boxes . And the color fits my furniture .
 I had another brand of guards just on the corners , which did n't last long at all . This edge guard and corner guard combination has worked well for about a month so far . The kit comes with excess double-sided tape , but I have n't had to use the extras yet because the pieces have n't come off of the table . When I protected just the corners with the other brand -LRB- I think they were `` safety first '' corner guards -RRB- , they got caught on peoples legs . Walking along the edge of the table , when passing the corners , they stuck out about an inch from the table 's edge , so you 'd hit them , stress the tape , and eventually knock the corners off . With this kit , the edge is totally covered all along the table , so the foam pieces all lie on the same plane , so the lack of size transition from edge to corner makes this catching on your legs less likely to occur.Prior to installing the foam pieces , I cleaned the glass with ammonia , then with nail polish remover to remove any trace of grease that would interfere with the tape bonding to the glass . I also wiped the back of the foam pieces from the kit with the nail polish remover to remove any traces of oils or mold release agents . It has held up well for a month , and this includes my 20 month old son climbing partially on to the table and sliding off of it with his belly pulling right over the foam edge pieces . Overall I 'm pleased with this kit so far .
 Quite simply this product does what it says . I accidentally ordered 2 packs and in brown but I like it anyway . Just gives me peace of mind to now that if my daughter should bump into a table corner the blow will be cusioned
 These were easy to install and are aesthetically bearable . We 'll see how easily my 8-month old will pull them off , but so far they are holding even though we 've had some climbing onto them and such . I do wish that it came with a LOT more tape so that when it does come off I can just put it back on .
 I have an espresso wooden rectangular coffee table . I bought two sets of these and they are working perfectly ! They come with 3M adhesive tape and attach securely . For some reason , even when I measure and lay out the tape carefully the strips always were cut a little too short so I had to cut a few filler pieces for the spaces between some of the corners and the edging . I applied the edge guard on both the top of the table and the lower table that sits close to the ground.My little one was making us so nervous from hitting her head on this thing before so now we do n't have to sit there with our hands over the corners when she plays around it ! I know she will fall and bump her head from time to time but I think this could help prevent a serious accident . When I googled some babyproofing options for coffee tables I read a lot of stories about some really gory coffee table accidents so I do think this is worth it even if they are n't the most attractive thing in the world !
 I have only owned this for a few days but I love it so far . It 's very cushion-y and very soft . It has already prevented my child from a scrape . It comes with a bunch of different sizes of tape as well . Its double sided and seems to be holding up .
 Prince Lionheart Table Edge Guard with 4 Corners , Grey is very good edge guard . It helps a lot to prevent unwanted accedient of baby .
 This edge guard worked out pretty well for our needs . Since we have an old , beat-up coffee table , it did n't really affect the looks of our furniture much . Baby was able to pry off the corner edges after just a month or so -LRB- of course , the corner edges are where she hurts herself mostly -RRB- . And it does leave behind some pretty substantial sticky bits when it comes off , I 've just been too lazy to clean it up with anything yet . Overall a good investment .
 I love being able to cut it to length since not all tables are equal sided . Also this product has perfect thickness for cushion and sticks great . I know I wo n't have any problems with it falling off like others I have tried in the past . Great thing to have when you need a baby proofed house like I do .
 Great product . It is very easy to install . The foam is nice and thick , much thicker than other products out there . I bought another product at Babies R Us made by Muchkin and this is much better .
 So far , my 9 month old has n't tried to pull this off . It seems pretty stuck with the tape they gave you . It has stuck really well onto our fireplace -LRB- which is small , square , not totally even tile -RRB- for 2 weeks now . This brand is MUCH better than the Cosmos brand , also sold here on Amazon . The corners fit better , and the tape works a lot better .
 I have purchased what feels like 100 ft of this stuff to protect my son who is quite a climber and runner.Overall I would say this is the best stuff but loses on star because sometimes that double sided sticky tap does n't stick right.But you ca n't go wrong and should buy this to give yourself some piece of mind
 Our 11 month old just started walking , so this stuff is awesome . We contemplated getting rid of our `` unforgiving '' tables , but thankfully we thought twice . All our friends with kids put their tables in the closet while they are going thru this `` falling on everything '' stage , and bought soft ottomans to use as tables , but we had no room to do that . So we bought this . We love it . Easy to install , and as long as they do n't watch you put it on , they really do n't even notice it . Our little guy bites on it when he teeths which I used to be concerned about because of PCBs but now I 'm over that . I 'm just glad his head is ok . My only complaint is that it does n't list how long the roll is . We estimate it to be about 12 feet , possibly longer .
 Just bought this a few days ago , no problems yet ! It sticks well to the brick fireplace , and my one year old son seems to leave it alone !
 When my son was learning to crawl I bought this to protect him and it has saved his head a couple of times . We put it on the top of the coffee table and the bottom self of the coffee table as well . I also have some antique book shelves that I put it on . Yes it comes off , but if they made the tape stronger they would have people mad because it was ruining their furniture . It is not that big of a deal to reapply it . It does come with a bit of extra tape . I love it , and would buy more if I needed it .
 People seem to have unrealistic expectations of products sometimes . They want it to stick like crazy YET not hurt their furniture . There is a balance there that you have to have . You ca n't have everything . I bought this to try to cover some of the worst corners . You ca n't cover everything , but we have to make an effort since our 10 month old is scooting around now . He has n't paid any attention to the padding nor tried to pull it off YET . And we have n't had to remove any to see if it hurts our furniture . It does n't make the furniture look great by any means , but it is what it is . I care more about the safety than the aesthetics of my furniture . The padding should be sufficient to stop minor bumps and bruises . I 'm satisfied for the moment ... I 'll update if that changes.I deducted a star because I ordered beige and got chocolate ... not worth the hassle to return it . On a second order , we did get the beige but it is darker than they make it look in the photo . Neither was a HUGE deal to us , but I could see this mattering to people wanting to match their furniture more .
 I had a harder , more expensive one that this previously , and I like this better . It 's a little thinner but easier to cut and shape . It does a great job of protecting the corners of my tables , counters , and even the brick around my fireplace from getting dented or getting blood stains from my toddler 's head . Great product !
 I only have it for 2 days so can not comment on how well it last . It comes with 4 corners and a long piece of foam , so to wrap around a table with 4 sides , you will need to cut the long piece of form into 4 pieces that fits between the 4 corners . I tried not stretching it when I fit the long pieces on the table , and I believed I did a great job . Right after installation , they looked perfect . No gap between the corners and the long pieces . However , after a day , they seem to have shrunk . There is a 1/8 inch gap between the corner piece and the long piece of all 8 connecting places . Not a safety issue , but looks bad.I would recommend cutting each long piece about 1/4 inch longer than needed . When installing , squeeze them to fit -LRB- they are foam so you can squeeze them to fit even if they are 1/4 inch longer . It will look nicer later after they shrink .
 I 'm satisfied with these ; we had some inferior ones from Home Depot that our 5-month old daughter had no problem peeling off of the furniture . These fit snugly and tightly .
 This item is great for corners of the mantel above the fireplace . We realized that we needed them when we were holding the baby and would walk around the corner where the fireplace is and noticed that the baby 's head would be level with the mantel . Especially in the middle of the night when you are n't quite balanced and could sway by the mantel . They are nice and cushiony and seem to stay where they are supposed to .
 We have a tile table with sharp corners . Once my son started crawling and pulling himself up I thought it was best to cover up those dangerous corners . Great idea or he would have had some dangerous accidents !
 I only used 2 out of the 4 of these , but we 're very happy with them . I have yet to try and get them off -LRB- and none of the boys have been able to -RRB- , so no comment on that part .
 Easy to apply , pretty substantial compared to the other options . Especially those clear ones that are from Safety First . Directions were straightforward . I ordered 2 more sets for other tables . No idea how they 'll remove though .
 A necessity in a household with toddlers . They work good
 These are very soft , adhere very well if you prep the surface -LRB- clean with some rubbing alcohol prior to installing -RRB- , and have a nice color !
 Served the purpose they were purchased for . Stone hearth on fireplace was posing danger to out new walker . Look good , great adhesive , but they do n't cut easily to length .
 Love the product as it fits well onto many furniture items . I brought it for the shoe cabinet and it seems quite stable . Only down part is that if you want to change the position of the protector the tape will not come off easily and gets damaged . So better decide on the position before installing . Happy with the overal product .
 this item is totally perfect for our fireplace edge , it 's thick and spongy we love it . and the price is good !
 We have a bed frame that has very sharp corners and edges . We were constantly bruising our shins because we would walk into our bed frame before we had kids . The edge guards really help soften the bed frame so our kid does n't get hurt when he falls against the bed frame . It also helps protect our shins !
 I have these on my TV stand and have had them on for 2 years . Work well , my son never tried to pull them off , and they 're still sticking with the double sided tape . We are currently putting them on my windowsill . Unless my daughters try to eat them , I think they 'll work wonderfully .
 This was a great sheet . It felt super soft.The sheet looked new after several washes . I would buy this again .
 Cradle sheets are so hard to find and I was worried that my old mattress would n't ever find a sheet that fits . This sheet fits , does n't shrink in the wash , and is soft for baby . Excellent buy . So far is resistant to baby stains as well . Plan to order from American Baby Co. again .
 I bought this stroller for my sister in law after having used a different Graco stroller for over 2 years . If you are looking for a daily use , taking the baby for a walk around the neighborhood or for shopping stroller , this is it!Pros
 I 'm currently breastfeeding and I use bottles whenever I need to leave.This organizer was the best out there.I love the fact that the two baskets could be used for the dishwasher since there is a lid stored underneath.The down side is that you could only fit a total of 7 bottles.Avent 9 ounce bottles are not one of them -LRB- do n't know about the small Avent -RRB- , but I still put my Avent bottles in it , just wo n't fit on the bottle holders.Like most parents , I have more than 7 bottles , I store the rest of my bottles somewhere else .
 This is a great product . I put it under my cabinet and it saves a lot of space . It holds everything I need and dries it completely . I do n't have a lot of space and this really comes in handy . It also fits great in my dishwasher when I put all of my bottle tops in the basket everything comes out sanitized .
 This is must have item . I like the fact that it mounts under the counter , so that you have easy access to your babies bottles and neccessities . I think this item has only one drawback , and that it is not big enough . I have bought way too many bottles , only a few of them fit . But the easy access , and the fact that you can wash some and keep them there until they dry , makes all the difference . I would recommend this product to anyone using bottles . The -LRB- 2 -RRB- storage drawers were nice to put my disposable bottle bags and extra pacifiers in .
 I looked at the Gerber baby food and bottle organizer , but it only holds the skinny bottles and I have Avent and wide-opening First Years bottles . This bottle organizer holds a day 's worth of bottles with spots for nipples and nipple rings . The pegs on the side are great for holding extra bottles or cups . The under-cabinet mount is great because it keeps my cabinet and counter space free.If you 're looking for an organizer for baby food , Sassy makes on , at it is MUCH cheaper than the Gerber one .
 I received this as a shower gift and absolutely love it ! I wish I discovered it with my first child . It holds 7 bottles -LRB- I use Johnson & JOhnson healthflow -RRB- and they fit very well . I like that there are two draws ; one for nipples and one for collars and caps . It makes life easier knowing that everything is in its place when needed .
 This works for bottles or sippy cups . Keeps everything together in one place . No more loose items tipping over in my cabinet . Drawers work in dishwasher which is a plus . I like the drying rack pegs on the end . Drying and storing all in one place .
 There is just no better place to store your clean , sterilized bottles , nipples , pacifiers , etc. than this organizer ! I like to be as organized as I can with my baby 's things , especially when it comes to his bottles and feeding accessories , so when I saw this at Target , I just immediately bought it and I have not regretted it at all ! It keeps all my bottles in it 's place . I love how it revolves , making it easy to grab the bottles that you need . I definitely recommend this to any parent out there . Just wish they could have made it bigger to hold more bottles .
 We use a lot of different bottles -LRB- Avent , Dr. Brown skinny and wide neck , First years , parents choice , playtex , etc -RRB- and this will hold ALL of them with out a problem ! Although I wish it were bigger because we have a LOT of bottles .
 Though not designed for Avent users -LRB- bottles do fit , as long as one spot is left empty -RRB- , I still found it great to keep all bottle paraphenalia together . Avent should take note and make one for us !
 These sheets are soft , wash well . fit the bassinet matress well and do not shrink in the dryer like other bassinet sheets .
 this is a great sheet for my uppa baby bassinet fits perfectly , and color matches the interior lining , so you ca n't tell that there is a sheet there .
 i had a very hard time finding a fitted sheet to fit my graco travel lite bassinet ! heard bad reveiws about the sheets meant for the system and i decided to try this one out and i am VERY PLEASE BY THE FIT ! works great just what i needed !! i have heard others say to use a standerd pillow case on the graco travel lite systems but that kinda made me feel unsafe with my new born since he will be useing it as his bed for a couple of months after he 's born !
 I was looking for a bassinet sheet that would fit my kolcraft easy reach bassinet , which has an oval mattress . I am extremely pleased with this sheet . It is very soft , the material is a good quality , and it fits . I 've had other sheets that were skimpy and pulled the mattress up . I think this sheet wold work for a variety of bassinets . I 'm thinking of getting another one .
 This bassient sheet fit my oval bassient perfectly . I wanted one that would be soft , fit well , and wash well . I am happy to say this sheet met all my expectations . It is a perfect pale pink . It is super soft material . I am so glad that it didnt change shape , or stretch out in the wash . Just what I needed for my precious new baby !
 Just what I needed . Very soft cotton . No shrinking and it fits the mattress pad perfectly . American Company makes great sheets , dont waste your money on anything else .
 Nice sheet , not that my baby could tell if it was comfy , but I liked it a lot , it fit perfectly the bassinet we had . I remember thinking though that it was a little overpriced , or maybe the shipping was ... I ended up selling it with the crib , total use 2-3 months , since our son outgrew the bassinet and we bought a crib .
 My parents bought an antique cradle for me when I was born . They passed it on to me when my baby was born . Luckily , it still had my 40 year old mattress in it or I would have been at a loss . The cradle is long and narrow -LRB- 15 x 36 -RRB- The only mattress I could find to fit it was 15 x 30 . These sheets worked great and held up well . No problems fitting the 15 x 30 x 2 mattress . Washed well and were very soft . No shrinkage in the dryer .
 I do n't use any other wash & shampoo for my baby . It is the best !
 Once your child is capable of sitting in a seat without belts , this booster seat is the best ! I bought one for my daughter when she was almost two and I bought another for my son . It is easy to clean - you just pick it up and throw it in the sink and then you can wipe the chair - there are no grooves for crumbs to get stuck . It 's also very durable . I also take these to the movies to keep the seat from closing up on my little kids - my daughter was so tiny she needed to use it at the movies until she was 5 ! This is one baby item that we will keep for little visitors !
 If you are looking for a booster that is durable , comfortable , non-slip without the use of straps , nice width to fit your child as they grow , and easy to clean ... this is the booster for you . I have used this booster for over one year maybe even two -LRB- ca n't remember for sure -RRB- however , it is amazingly durable . Because of the foam , I thought it would tear but not yet ... even after my second came along it has withstood minor tug of wars with both kids wanting it . It cleans up great and grips our wooden bench well -- -LRB- and there are not many if any boosters made for bench seats -RRB- . For added grip just wipe the bottom of the seat with a damp cloth . For additional entertainment , my 1 year old loves to watch tv sitting on the living floor in it -- just the right height for those little legs -LRB- my first enjoyed tv watching with it as well - even at 2 years of age -RRB- . It really does grip the chair better than most booster without using any straps ... the other booster was such a food collector and such a pain to clean and strap back on . This is a very comfortable seat and it always looks clean -LRB- we have the green one -RRB- . I love it so much I 'm looking for a new one for my 11/2 year old -LRB- my 4 year old is not willing to give her seat up yet and I expect she will use it for a few more years just for the height and comfort -RRB- . Green is a little hard to find ... good luck . . I highly recommend it .
 I love this seat . It stays in place on any chair and does n't slide around or need to be tied down like other seats . It also cleans up easy because of the material it 's made out of and it does n't have any hidden cracks etc. for food to get trapped in.It is a little lower than other seats I 've used , but still works fine . Also light weight and travels easy . It 's much safer than the ones in most resturants . I would highly reccomend this booster .
 We 1st got this seat for our son but we are now going to buy another one for our daughter now that she is big enough . It is soft , comfortable and so easy to bring with you anywhere . It stays in place and does n't slide around on the seat . Our son loves it because it 's not a ` baby ' seat and he does n't have to be strapped in but now he can reach the table comfortably .
 This seat is great for both my 2 and 4 year-olds ! They both love them , and they do n't move around or scratch my wood chairs ! There are no belts or ties to get tangled in . I just love this seat !
 Not only does this booster easily go anywhere but there are no clips or straps to deal with . Because of the soft spongy material , it almost suctions to most seats , and is much more comfortable than any hard plastic booster . I do n't have to worry that it wo n't work with certain tables either , -LRB- as sometimes happens with the boosters that attach to a table -RRB- because it can sit on any chair . Both of my sons -LRB- ages 2 and 4 -RRB- now have one . I love this product !
 I bought a green cooshie booster about 3 years ago when my daughter was about 11/2 and no longer wanted the high chair . It gave her just the right height for sitting at the adult table . Then I purchased a blue one about 1 year ago for my son when he was just past 1 year old . They both worked great and the best is that 3 years later the green one still looks like new , as is the blue one 1 year later . My daughter is now 41/2 and still sits in it every day - and the blue one still works great for my son who is now 2 . Even the tote bags are still sturdy for when we take take the boosters to grandma 's house . They are very easy to keep clean and light enough for the kids to carry.We changed our table and chairs recently and the boosters work well with our new wooden chairs . Great product and I highly recommend purchasing these . No longer just a fad item , cooshie boosters now in my list of toddler necessities , and I 've added them to my list of Good Gifts for Toddlers !
 This product is great . My 3 and 4 year old are still using theirs and problably will for at least 2 more years.These are good for any child that will stay seated without a belt . They are also good to move from the kitchen to the dining room without having to unbuckle a bunch of straps . They are also good because you can easily clean under them . I like taking mine to the resturant because it 's clean and will not slide off the booth seat.You have to be sure you clean under them because any spill spreads under neath and will stick the seat to the chair . I also tilt mine to dry before I put them flat so they will not stick to hard to the chair .
 I bought this booster because my son likes to change seats at the table all the time . Our other seat had to be strapped to the chair and was a pain to move . With this booster , he can sit wherever he wants and can carry his booster to another chair by himself . It 's easy to clean and he is more comfortable too . Great product and fun colors too !
 My 21 month old son had a booster seat with a tray . Any time I wanted to take it somewhere I had to break it down and then set it all up again with the straps untangled and in the right place . The seat was made out of hard plastic . My son outgrew the tray and was just using the seat at the table . His poor bottom actually got red if he sat there long enough . I came to Amazon and started looking for a new seat . Because of the reviews , I bought the cooshie booster . I HAVE NO REGRETS !! It is so easy to clean and a cinch to take with us on our travels . My son loves to take it off the chair and sit on it . I like sitting on it ! It is more comfortable then my kitchen chairs ! The seat is going to last and my son will not outgrow it for a long time ... it is well worth the money !
 Like I said , Love , love , love this booster ! The best thing about it is that it does n't move around when the child is sitting on it . Whatever is making it `` stick '' works like a charm ! If you are even remotely thinking about buying this , just do it . You will not regret it ever ! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Got this thinking we would use it primarily at friend 's houses but its turned out to be really useful in our dining room too where it is now semi-permanently installed . It 's relatively unobtrusive when its in a chair and our toddler really loves it as she can climb into it and out of it on her own .
 I like this booster for two reasons . One , the fact that it is soft keeps it from scratching up my dining room chairs . I had a hard plastic booster in the past that ruined the finish on one of my chairs . Also , it is made of only one piece , so there are n't any cracks and crevices in which food can get caught . It 's simple design is what makes it such a pracital tool to use .
 Being a grandmother of a two year old , this booster seat is very comfortable for her , plus it puts her at the right height for the table so that she can eat without getting food all over her . The carrying case makes it easy to take it to a restaurant and not worry about her sitting on a germ infested seat . It 's a winner .
 I was looking for a booster seat for my almost-three daughter to sit in at the dinner table , but I did NOT want something complex with a zillion straps and buckles and such . In fact , when I was in retail stores looking for booster seats , I specifically told the sales clerks that I wanted something `` comparable to sitting on phonebooks '' , just more comfy . Soooo , along comes this Cooshee seat - perfect ! There are no straps , no buckles , just a big ol' squishy hunk of whatever it 's made out of . And it 's one solid piece of squishy hunk , so that spells easy clean-up . Just wipe and you 're done . No crevices of any sort . It is very comfortable and puts my daughter at a better height to feel like one of the grown-ups at the table . She easily gets herself in and out of this booster.If your child tends to monkey around at the table then this booster may not be for you . My daughter is pretty still when we have dinner -LRB- she 's all business when it comes to eating -RRB- but I could see how a more active child could rock from side to side in this booster and then , oooops ! Next thing you know your child is on the floor . If you can , it helps to place this booster in a chair that has arms . That 's what we have done just to negate any side-rocking ideas that may come up .
 I bought two cooshie 's about 1.5 years ago and loved them for my two boys . I recently purchased my third cooshie for my youngest child and I have noticed that there have been some design changes made . Primarily , the `` octopus '' suction bubbles on the bottom of the seat are now tiny compared to the big suction bubbles on the older model . I 'm not convinced that the new suction system works quite as well the older one . Also , unlike the older model this new seat had quite a stench which has taken about a month to pretty much go away . Overall I give this seat a 4 star rating due to the new suction system and horrible smell . It does work and I am keeping this seat since the product is super easy to keep clean and you can easily move it from seat to seat when needed .
 I ordered this for my almost 3yr old son . It is easy enough for him to get in and out of on his own , but just hard enough to encourage him to stay at the table . It is an absolute breeze to clean -LRB- and my boy is quite messy -RRB- . When buying our previous booster -LRB- one with straps -RRB- , I found one with as few `` nooks and crannies '' as possible , but it still had a ton of places to catch food . I am so much happier with this one . I was a little nervous when it first arrived , thinking my very active little guy could tear holes in the rubbery foam material , but it is holding up perfectly . I highly recommend this seat to anyone .
 I purchased 3 of these and now coming back for a few more for myself and my clients . I was tired of strapping on my other boosters to have to remove them so my family could eat at our dining table . These are wonderful ! Child care kid crew approved , provider approved and Licensing LOVED . Quick to clean up and to keep sanitized . No cracks to dig clean!After having them for a few months my clients started to ask about them . So with my next order I am adding to the one I need and the few they want ! Wonderful product worth every penny !
 It is very comfortable for my daughter , and although it is n't light it is portable in the bag that comes with it , I prefer it over restaurant boosters.I thought that the only downside would be that it did n't have straps to hold it to the chair , but it hugs the chair because of the material it is made of !
 May 08 - The amazon reviews were the reason that I decided on this product , so I did n't want to neglect to write one myself . This product is everything I want in a booster . My daughter -LRB- age 3 - 32 pounds -RRB- loves it . She is able to get in and out by herself and she feels safe . It 's so easy to clean - just a quick wet wipe . My daughter immediately commented about how soft it was when she sat for the first time . I like that I can slide the chair under the table and the cooshie disappears ! Not a huge deal , but it is a space saver in the kitchen . The previous booster set-up required that we have the towel clipped to the chair to protect it , and the booster strapped in 2 places - several parts and pieces and it was difficult to clean . What an upgrade . I would liked to have spent less on it , but I still love it and would recommend it to everyone . My husband insists that I include that he is afraid it will eventually damage the hardwood chair that it is sitting on and that he wishes the sides were slightly higher . If you have a particulary squirmy child , beware . He also adds that the cooshie tends to feel `` stuck '' to the chair - he 's not entirely comfortable with that . We will amend our positive comments if this ruins our chair . So far so good - 4 weeks and counting . I will say that I would not feel safe putting this on a painted surface . Our chair is solid wood finished . Great purchase.June 09 - The seat is still in perfect shape . We did decide to begin placing a towel under the chair ` just because ' and it works just fine . My daughter is now 4 and 43 pounds - she still loves it and fits in it just fine . We take it with us when we eat out all of the time . My husband STILL cringes when my 10 year old and I laugh about how much we paid for it , but I will always say it was well worth it . We will probably pass it on to someone else in the family when we 're done with it .
 Love this seat ! We have a 3 year old who has no problem sitting in it , even though he 's a `` big boy '' now . It travels with us everywhere . It is soft , unlike the hard plastic seats , lightweight , easy to clean , and a big bonus is no cracks for falling food to get stuck in . I 'd HIGHLY RECOMMEND this seat , and will say without a doubt , it is well worth the higher price -LRB- compared to any of the cheaper , hard , bulky seats -RRB- . It is nice that it does not have to attach to the chair with straps and buckles , like others I 've seen . It stays in place , but is easy to move , easy to get in and out of , and easy to grab and go . Even our daughter sat in it at a very early age , closely supervised of course . Among the baby/infant purchases which often seemed like must haves at the time , but looking back realistically were such a waste , this item was DEFINITELY WELL WORTH IT .
 We love this booster seat . It stays in place when the kids seat at the table . Easy to clean .
 I purchased this seat for my 31/2 year old . He was not comfortable sitting on a stool , or on his knees on a regular chair . I saw this seat in a flyer , and was not crazy about spending over $ 30 dollars ... I have to tell you , this was the best money I have ever spent . He loves this seat . It stays put and is easy to clean . I would highly recommend this booster !
 This seat comes with a travel bag . It is very soft and comfortable and fits nicely on kitchen chairs . Easy to clean . My daughter likes to take it onto the floor to sit on it too .
 Luckily I scored this booster at a Moms Sale for $ 5 - but it is worth the full price . I started my son with it when he was 20 months and it 's great . Easy clean up -LRB- my other boosters had too many nooks and crannies to clean ! -RRB- and it is definitely no slip -LRB- he can climb up onto the chair and into the booster himself without it slipping -RRB- . I highly recommend it !
 I am a grandma and have used two of these seats for my young grandsons . When the boys come to our house they are so glad we have the boosters . The boys not only use them while eating at the table but when they want to color , build Legos , or use Play-Doh . I highly recommend this product .
 The Cooshie booster chair is great !! It is does n't slide around like other portable boosters . I have used it on a dark walnut chair and have had not had any problems with it affecting the stain on the chair.It is easy to clean ... so easy . I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a portable booster chair.p.s . The travel bag ... not a big deal . .
 This is a great booster seat and worth the price . It requires no straps and does not slide on the chairs . It is very comfortable for the kids and durable . We take it to restaurants with us because it is much better than the ones provided .
 We 've had this booster over a year now and it 's the best booster we have ever tried ! It is very comfortable and `` sticks '' to the chair so that it wo n't slide off , therefore , it does n't need straps to hold it down unlike other boosters . We use it on our wooden chairs and it has not ruined the finish like other reviews state . Of course , we do n't usually leave it on the chair all of the time -LRB- though it has remained on the chairs before and has not caused damage -RRB- . If it gets dirty , I just wash it in the sink with soap and water and dry it with a paper towel - very easy to take care of ! You do have cheaper alternatives , but in my opinion , this booster is well worth the extra money .
 We 've had one for several years ; it 's comfortable , easy to clean , and the kids all love it . Surprisingly , after all that time and daily use , it also has n't cracked at all -- but we do n't take ours traveling ; it stays in the kitchen . Our son is now 7 , and refuses to give his up , because it 's so much softer than our wood kitchen chairs . -LRB- Although a couple of people mentioned that it marred the finish on their chairs , ours have gone several years with no problems at all . -RRB- Of the three kinds of boosters we 've used extensively , this is the kids ' favorite . We 'll be buying more for our daughters soon !
 This is a great product , it is easy to clean , stays put , is comfortable , easily portable and you can just toss it in the closet when you need the chair . Best of all it does n't seem like a `` baby seat '' for older kids who still need a little lift .
 We 1st got this seat for our son but we are now going to buy another one for our daughter now that she is big enough . It is soft , comfortable and so easy to bring with you anywhere . It stays in place and does n't slide around on the seat . Our son loves it because it 's not a ` baby ' seat and he does n't have to be strapped in but now he can reach the table comfortably .
 As a grandmother , I needed a booster seat that would really be comfortable for our girl
 Sometimes `` bells and whistles '' can get in the way . This cooshie booster seat wo n't brag about being a stepstool or a toy storage box , but it can brag about being a booster seat . If a booster seat is what you are truly shopping for , look no further . There is no need to fuss over long belt straps getting lost or in the way , or the other gadgets that can become a hindrance rather than a help . This booster seat is made out of the same type of material found on many pool floats . It is , therefore , soft , comfortable , easily cleaned and lightweight . The material also prevents the seat from sliding around in the adult chair . This booster seat can be easily moved from chair to chair and/or stored if nesessary . It also comes with its own travel bag making this already parent/child - friendly booster all that friendlier .
 This product is ideal ! It gives toddlers that little boost they need to sit up just a little bit higher at the table so they can eat comfortably . It 's very easy to clean and transport from one chair to another . And it 's indestructible - there are no pieces or straps to wear out or break .
 We have a 20 month old boy who was getting too big for his infant seat but too small for a chair . When I saw this booster online I thought it would be perfect , and it is . It portable enough to take anywhere and he just loves it .
 My two year old son LOVES this product , and we have n't even been able to use it as a booster chair yet ! He thinks of it as `` his '' chair and carries it with him everywhere . He drives his trucks over it ; eats his ice cream cones in it ; and basically always leaves it underfoot . It SEEMS to sit well and solidly on our dining room chairs ... if we ever eat there to see if it meets its original intent , I may update this review . This is the third booster seat we 've purchased , however , and it 's the only one he 'll let near him . So far , so good .
 My daughter received this booster seat for her 3rd birthday and I think it 's wonderful . Every other booster seat I 've seen has to be strapped to the chair , which allows crumbs and other food pieces to accumulate under it , and has to be unbuckled every time you need to clean under it . The Cooshie is made of a non-skid material and stays put on the chair . Since it does n't have straps , it becomes very easy to free up the chair for visitors , when necessary , without worrying that there 's a pile of crumbs -LRB- or worse -RRB- underneath . It 's also easy to take this booster to restaurants or other places -LRB- it comes with a clear plastic travel bag -RRB- . Other boosters tend to be made of hard plastic and can scratch the chair it 's attached to . We have oak chairs , so this was a problem for us . The Cooshie 's soft foam material does not scratch or leave other marks . At 3 years old , my daughter was at the point where she was too big for the high chair . She enjoys sitting at the table , but she 's just not big enough to reach without kneeling -LRB- and she 's not yet graceful enough to sit on a chair without taking a tumble every now and then -RRB- . The Cooshie raises her high enough without constraining her yet keeps her in a stable sitting position so she does n't fall or slip off the chair . It seems to be very durable too . My 14-month old has 8 front teeth & is currently teething . He tried to take a bite out of the Cooshie and did n't even leave a mark ! The only drawback I can see is that my daughter needs to be helped into and out of her seat . When she was just kneeling on a chair , she was able to climb onto the chair by herself . A little bit of a damper on her autonomy , but I think the safety and comfort of this booster make it well worth it . I would continue to use a high chair or a booster with straps for a child who is too young or wreckless to wait for assistance in getting in/out .
 I bought the cooshie booster a month ago and we all love it . It gives enough lift for my petite 22 month old daughter to sit at the table like a big girl . The material makes it stick to our wooden chairs and never slides around . When dinner is over , I just wipe off the crumbs . There is n't any space under the seat for food to get trapped between the booster and the actual chair and you do n't have to spend 5 minutes unhooking and rehooking straps just to clean it . I 'm back to buy a second cooshie booster seat for grandma 's house .
 We bought this when our 2-year old moved from a high chair to a chair at the kitchen table . She had to kneel which shortened her interest in mealtime . She did n't like the hard plastic boosters so I bought this to try . It 's great - comfortable and just high enough for her to sit and eat easily . Since there are no arms , it moves into the table easily too . The kitchen seat is fabric and it does n't slide - it also stays put on wooden seats . She 's three now and climbs up by herself . When we do n't need it or we go out to eat we can move it without any straps or confusion . It wipes off nicely . We travel to my parents once a year so I bought a 2nd one to store there -LRB- rather carrying ANOTHER thing on a plane -RRB- and she was thrilled to see it waiting for her ! It 's durable enough to pass on to our 1 year old too !
 I bought this for my daughter a few years back and it has withstood lots of abuse from her , her brother and her friends . This is the seat everyone -LRB- under 6 yrs -RRB- wants to use . Easy to clean . Since she wo n't give it up , looks like I 'll be buying a second for her brother .
 1 . Easy to use and move around and stays perfectly in place with no belts needed .2 . Easy to clean .3 . Very light weight and durable material .4 . Easy to pack with traveling bag included .5 . Less expensive than many others seen.It does not have any seat belts to hold the child in place but in my case , this was not a problem .
 I bought this seat after reading all of the good reviews here and I 'm glad I did . Originally we had one of the plastic seats with all the straps . It was fine when we first moved our daughter from the highchair to the table . I felt better about having the straps to keep her in . Now that 's she 's 2 years old and used to sitting at the table we did n't need all that extra stuff . That 's where this one is perfect . It just raises her up so it 's easier for her to eat . I also like the fact that you can pick it up and move it . It 's easy to clean . I just shake any crumbs into the trash and then wipe it down with a sponge . It does n't have any crevices for food to get stuck in -LRB- we had to take the plastic one apart to get it really clean -RRB- . It also works well on our padded seats . The plastic one used to tilt forward and we had to put phone books under the seat to keep it level because our daughter would start to slide down in it . Definately a great product !
 I bought this booster for my 2 year old son . My five year old son loves using it too . We recently bought a new kitchen set and my old seat didnt fit under the table with the chair pushed in . Also , the old seat was hard plastic and I didnt want it to scratch the new chairs and apron around the table . This seat is great ! It is soft , doesnt slide or scratch , and fits with the chair pushed in . And yes its easy to clean too . Its made out of wrestling mat material . I have three sons 9,5 and 2 and have seen a lot of usless gadgets this is well worth every penny and I wish I would have bought it sooner .
 I love this seat ! I bought our first one for my 2 year old -LRB- she is now 4 and still uses it ! -RRB- . It 's lightweight , stays put in the chair with NO slipping , and is easy to clean up!I am now buying our second for my 1 year old ! He loves his sister 's so much we figured it was time for his own . He not only enjoy 's eating in it , `` he '' carries it into the family room and sits to watch his movies in it!This is an all around great booster seat ! I highly recommend it to everyone !!!
 This booster is amazing . We tried conventional hard plastic boosters that strap onto a chair and could never find one that fit our curved-back chairs properly . We gave up and had our son sitting on the yellow pages -- messy AND dangerous.I -LSB- paid -RSB- for this booster from an expensive baby products catalog and thought the price was well worth it . But I wish I would have discovered it here first !
 Aveeno products are the best for delicate skin . My daughter had skin rushes and this lotion helped a lot . A must buy !
 I have a very difficult time taking care of twins alone . It requires lots of carrying ! My husband is a pilot , and is gone most of the time . We live in an apartment building up many flights . If I ever wanted to go anywhere , I had to lug that horrendous huge twin stroller and shove it in my trunk -LRB- no , I ca n't afford an SUV -RRB- ! These attachments , along with two nice umbrella strollers , take up no room in my car . I can be spontaneous about going out with the kids , and do n't have to worry about getting all sweaty loading up kids/carriers/diaper bag / etc etc. ... great for doctor 's appts , mall , whatever ... THESE ATTACHMENTS ARE WONDERFUL AT THE AIRPORT !! We travel ALL the time . I do it alone with small twins and a 3 yr-old . It is so easy to with lightweight strollers . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED by a frazzled , exhausted , but experienced mom of twins : -RRB-
 We used these connectors with our two umbrella strollers at Disney World . It was a godsend ! We were able to split up and each take a child or if one adult went somewhere , the other could still push the two strollers.They are easy to take apart and pack nicely .
 As a mother of a three year old and a four year old and dealing with the side by side double stroler you will do anything literally to ease the back pain and these connecters are amazing , we used them at six flags for the first time and even my husband pushed the strollers what a shock ! -LCB- laughing -RCB- if you have children and need a break on the back try these connectors trust me you will love them.Two umbrella strollers with the connectors fit through any door ! Thumbs up !!!!
 I have an infant in-home daycare and needed a quad stoller for my four babies . When I first found these connectors , no one could tell me if they would connect two tandem double strollers together . I asked every store in town almost -LRB- some did n't even know what they were ! -RRB- . I just decided to buy them and hoped that they would work . So I went out and bought two Kolcraft Lil ' Limo strollers , not knowing , of course , if it would work or not . I 'm happy to say that they seem to work really well ! I did have to buy a second set , though , so I have five connectors on mine -LRB- could n't find room for the sixth one -RRB- . Just lock the two inner front wheels so they ca n't turn and you 're off ! It is a little hard to turn corners -LRB- just take them at a wide angle -RRB- , but otherwise it works great ! I ended up spending just under -LSB- price -RSB- for the total cost of it , much less buying an actual quad stroller . I hope this info will be helpful to someone else also . Good luck !
 We have twins and our side by side stroller was getting old . I found these and got 2 umbrella strolllers and attatched them together . They are very easy to put on and take off of the strollers . We have much more room in the van also , they take up much less space than an original double stroller.The only complaint i have is that after they are hooked together the rubber pieces come out and i have to put them back in each time i attach them to the stroller again . -LRB- but it is n't so bad . I really hope you enjoy this product , WE DO !!!
 I have a small daycare and was needing a triple stroller . I wanted all of the children to be able to face forward , but those kind of strollers were quite expensive . I decided to buy three Chicco C6 strollers and bought two packages of the connectors to connect them all together . It works fantastic . They are very easy to put on and just as easy to take off when there 's a day when I only need two of the strollers , I just disconnect one of the connectors and off we go . When using the connectors , it was easier on my strollers to lock the front inner wheels , so that just the outer wheels will turn , that way they do n't turn into each other . I 've already recommended the connectors to quite a few people . This is a great product and a very economical way to get a larger stroller !!
 We purchased two umbrella strollers for our twins as `` emergency stroller '' , and we got those connectors as well , of course.I can only say that it has saved our lives many times . One time -LRB- 3 years ago -RRB- , our main stroller was broken , and we had to wait for the replacement . Since we did not want to spend a lot of money , this was the option we chose.The connectors are cheap , and still extremely good . We have used them for over 3 years now , and even when they fell apart once , they still got back together with no effort and it still works all in all . The middle wheels of the strollers get stuck sometime , since they are apparently too close together . But , I figured my way out and I am very happy with this.We traveled overseas with the twins when they were 31/2 years of age . I was so uncertain whether to take a stroller or not , that still fits into the car after arrival at the new place . I thought `` alright , let 's take the buggies . if something breaks or falls apart , it wo n't hurt . '' It turned out all well and fine , and the stroller extremely necessary for the unexpected things happening at airports . We had to walk long ways , incl move of Gate at the last minute to the other side of the airport.Although I write a lot not too important for the connectors , I still hope to give some advice , especially twin parents . Even if not used as emergency stroller , this option can be used on a daily basis for shorter slow strolls.Super invention , and I am glad that there is something out there that allows low-income families to `` survive '' . Great invention of our times !
 Very convenient - I have a one year old and I babysit a one year old . I 'm definitely not going to spend 100 bucks or more on a double stroller , but since I found two umbrella strollers on sale for 10 bucks each , my double stroller was only 30 bucks ! It handles well . When you put the connectors on , make sure they 're tight , and even so it will seem like there 's too much slack for it to really move , but it does work . Just give it a go . : -RRB-
 This is a life saver for a spare set of umbrella strollers I keep in my car . When I am out by myself , I keep these in the car , and I have a double stroller when needed . Great product , and much more inexpensive than a double umbrella stroller .
 I think that these stroller connectors are a great alternative to having a double stroller ! I like that I can hook our two unbrella strollers together and push my boys by myself or use the strollers seperately when my husband and I are together or if I just have one of the kids with me . The center wheels do get tangled up if you try to turn too quickly or if you back up though , but with a little practice I have learned how to turn and back up more carefully so that I do not have to untangle the wheels very often . It is also nice that you can fold the strollers up without removing the connectors . I would definitly recommend these!On a side note
 When I am shopping alone with my two little girls ... these save the day . I no longer worry about how I am going to get around the mall
 Bought these to make it though the airport with 2 kids . All I can say is they work beautifully , snap them in place and off you go ! Easy on and easy off , they stay in place , and the stollers work as 1 . Great product !
 These are awesome for connecting 2 umbrella strollers ! I 've never been out and using the connectors and not had someone ask me where they could find them .
 The Connectors were a good price cheaper then most other sites because there was no shipping . The product was is good shape , delivered in a timely manner and were very easy to use . They go on easily and come off with ease . The Stroller connectors make it possible for me to take my twin grandchildren for a walk in thier strollers .
 I recently had to fly with my 2 kids -LRB- ages 2 & 3 -RRB- by myself . we had 2 umbrella strollers so this worked magically . I did n't really have any issues . one hand on each stroller and it pushed easily . while it was a tight squeeze I was able to get it through the family restroom doors .
 Great product ! The stroller connectors really makes it easy to transport my twins ! I would def recommend this product to other moms with multiples !
 We have a double stroller at home , but when we travel by air , we use our First Years Ignite umbrella strollers . After reading the reviews , we decided to give these stroller connectors a try . We have just come back from a trip using these connectors . It is very easy to put them on and take them off . Before checking in , I could push two strollers at once and my husband could take care of the luggages . After checking in , we removed the connectors to go through security . It is true that sometimes the stroller wheels got stuck , but until there is a better invention , I think this is good enough solution for now . One thing to be careful is that the rubber grip pads fall off easily . We have lost one grip pads already after one trip . Other than that , it really helps out a lot at the airport !
 I have two girls about 18 months apart . I needed a stroller fast but was on a very limited budget . I decided that instead of getting a double stroller , I 'd get two umbrella strollers and get these connectors to make it a double stroller . This was an excellent choice . These connectors work fantastically , they are adjustable , and they are sturdy . I highly recommend these to anyone who needs a double stroller on a tight budget .
 after purchasing and using this product , i do n't see why there is a market for double umbrella strollers.really easy to use , only problem is the width of the combined strollers in some areas of the airports -LRB- maneuvering through the areas where you have to queue and make s-turns -RRB- although i think any double stroller , either side-by-side or one seat behind the other , would have trouble with it too.purchase with confidence .
 Great idea ! Wish I had thought of it first . I do n't use these often , but they are great for times when I ca n't fit my bulky double stroller into the trunk . I would n't recommend them w / umbrella strollers in the place of a double , but they work well when needed on occasion .
 Best booster for your toddler ! Does n't scratch the chair , does n't shift around , easy to clean . Only drawback -- kind of expensive , but worth it .
 We been using the cooshie booster for more than nine months and love it . My cousin introduced us to this magical seat on our sons ' first visit to Chicago . She has twins and extra booster seats for when their friends come to visit so our son got to test it out . It 's comfortable for toddlers , lightweight , and easy to clean . I wish I had known about it before we bought the restaurant booster seat that is now sitting in the garage .
 This is the best booster seat . It `` grips '' easily to chairs and does not slide . We use it in our captains chairs and our son is great in it ! It is the most durable seat too . My nephew has had one for two years or more now and it is still in EXCELLENT condition . It is soft and comfy . It may seem pricey for a booster but it is definitely worth it . It travels easy and wipes clean in a heartbeat . Grandma even bought one to keep at her house for all the kids ! Definitely a must have !
 I currently have four children aged four and younger and the Cooshie is our favorite booster seat . It is soft and comfortable and , even with all of my oldest son 's ups and downs and wiggles and squirms , it stays right where I put it . We have had our oldest Cooshie for more than a year and it is still in one piece and good shape despite my son 's abuse.The Cooshie is about the size of the traditional hard plastic booster , so you can take it with you but it 's not the most convenient thing to haul around . We typically toss ours into the car when heading to a restaurant just in case there are no acceptable boosters available and only take it out if needed . The zipper case it comes in does have handles , so that makes it a bit easier.This booster is very easy to clean . I typically whipe ours down with a damp rag each meal and take it to the sink for a thorough wash regularly . I 've even been known to take a Clorox wipe to it when the kiddos have been sick in addition to the washing.A note to consider - the rubber does have the potential to break down some varnishes and paints over time . If you are quite attached to your chairs I would recommend a nice slip cover so that the booster does n't come in direct contact with the finish -LRB- or go the cheap route and put a piece of cardstock or posterboard against the back of the booster -RRB- . The bottom of the Cooshie has a different finish and texture than the rest of the booster and I 'm not certain if the bottom has the same potential to break down the finish since I have farm chairs with straw seats , so there is no finish to break down , though the Cooshie has taken some paint off of the seat backs .
 I ordered this last Monday ... it came on Tuesday ... -LRB- THANKS AMAZIN ' ... I mean AMAZON -RRB- ! We began using it right away and have not used the highchair since ! My son is 17-months old and was bucking his back and pushing up on his highchair footrest within minutes of being placed in it to eat . NO FUN !!! He now sits like a little prince for his meals ! We even used it last night with our outdoor patio set . He is a VERY ACTIVE little boy , but seems just thrilled to sit in his new `` big boy chair '' with no hassles ! I would encourage anyone considering a booster to buy this over the hard plastic models . Five stars all the way around !
 My 26-month-old daughter would only stay in her high chair for about 10 minutes then would beg to be taken down . Our regular table chairs are too low and she would n't stay in them very long either . The first time we tried this booster , she had a smile on her face from ear to ear . The table was at the proper height for comfortable eating and she sat through her whole meal ! She has never done that ! The booster is made of a special non-slip material and it really works . My daughter got spaghetti sauce on it and it wiped right off . When I bought it I thought that the price was a little steep for a foam booster , but it is totally worth it ! I highly recommend it !
 I ca n't tell you how much I love this seat ! It is soft , comfortable and easy for my daughter to use . It is light and cleans easily , so that makes Mom happy . We use this at restaurants or at the our own table to give her a `` boost '' she also likes to put it on the floor when she is watching TV because it is so comfy . Taking it along to the restaurant or grandmas is a breeze because it is so light and portable . It 's not for younger children who need back support , but for a toddler , this is a great purchase .
 My 3 year old son has used this for over a year . He loves it . It puts it on the computer chair when he is playing on it and brings it to Grandma 's when he spends the day . I am buying another one because my 15 month old , always tries to sit in it . It sometimes leads to alot of whining , so I 'm getting him his own .
 This is an excellent booster seat ! My cousin bought one for her daughter , so I decided to try it for mine . Nice and comfy foam material that wipes clean very easily and is lightweight to travel with . My 2 year old loves sitting at the table like a big girl now . It brings her to a perfect level to eat at the table . I have fabric padded kitchen chairs , so I keep a towel under the booster to keep food from ruining the chair fabric . Highly recommended !!!
 I have three children and this is the fourth booster that I have purchased . It is hands down the best . It 's a very comfortable , soft rubber that grips the chair without need for irritating straps . It 's lightweight , and one piece which makes for easy clean-ups . I highly reccomend this booster . It 's worth every penny !
 This seat wo n't slip ! Best of all , it 's EASY TO CLEAN !!!! It does n't have all of those crevices for food to get stuck in !!! : -RRB-
 We purchased this booster after getting tired of taking apart our plastic booster to clean it every night . Our son was a slob and dribbled his food everywhere ! We liked that it was one piece and wiped down easily . I also love it for all of the other reasons already mentioned -LRB- no straps , ease of removal , etc. -RRB- He 's used it for the past 2 years and it 's worked out great . Our only complaint is that the top of the back has split in a couple of places . I taped it up with packing tape to preserve it a bit , but it does n't look that attractive . I plan to buy a new one when my 1 year old can get out of the high chair .
 It does n't scratch chairs and food does n't get stuck in it . It 's easy to wash and my son loves it . It 's a great product .
 Okay , so it 's ridiculously overpriced , but ... it 's the only thing I 've found for my big 21/2 - year-old . He 's WAY too big for the plastic booster we had , and not big enough to sit properly at the table . It 's simple yet effective . I wish I had designed this product -- the gross profit must be HUGE.Update
 I have two three year olds and it works great for them . It does not slide at all . They have no trouble getting in and out of it by themselves . Probably would not be safe for a real young child because it has no straps . Easy to clean too !
 Our playgroup has lunch together every week . One of the moms bought this booster and brought it for her daughter . Within two weeks the entire group had bought the cooshie booster seat . They come in black , green and blue so far as I know . The clean easily and are very convenient to carry to restaraunts in the carry case it comes in . I am a tough critic of baby products and this one ranks # 1 ! Grayson , GA
 My 3.5 year old was wanting to sit like a big girl at the table and was just a bit shy height wise . She calls this her squishy cooshie and just adores it . We are so happy with this product and would advise any parent to purchase one .
 Soft and comfy . Easy to clean . If it gets a nick in it or if your toddler is a biter it is easy to pick at and pull apart .
 We 've had our cooshie for about a year . We really like it . It 's so light and easy to store quickly -LRB- if company comes unexpectedly etc. -RRB- It cleans easily and best of all there 's no cracks or crevices for food to get stuck in . The only complaint I have is the seat is n't high enough for our needs . My son just turned 4 a few days ago and it seems like he 's just big enough now to actually sit on the coohsie and he 's the right height . I wish it made the kids a little bit taller .
 We needed a new seat because our daughter -LRB- 2 at the time -RRB- was hurting herself on her old booster . It has one of those big knobs to keep infants from sliding out of the seat . When she would climb in and out of the seat by herself , which she insisted on doing , she would injure her private parts . It was n't a good thing . So - we needed a new chair . This one is GREAT - she can climb up and down . It does n't slip or slide -LRB- even with no straps -RRB- . It 's comfie , lifts her up to reach the table , is super easy to clean , keeps her from squirming around the way she does in a `` grown up chair . '' I highly recommend it .
 This is a great product for bigger toddlers who have outgrown the highchair but still need a boost . It 's great for travel and is easy to clean . Because there are no straps , it 's great for taking out to eat instead of having them sit in the dirty booster seats in restaurants . However , BE VERY CAREFUL when your child is in this seat . It moves around fairly easily and a wiggly toddler can certainly pitch it off a chair without too much effort . It would be best used on a chair with arms or side rails , but on a kitchen chair or stool with only a back and no arms , you have to be at your child 's side at all times . I have also found that it 's very slippery on leather covered seats and better on solid wood -LRB- not secure , but less slippery -RRB- . Very easy to clean and makes a nice outside seat on the ground for going to watch a game or have a picnic . Just be careful when they 're sitting up high with no side support .
 I started using this cooshie -LRB- actually in purple , to the other reviewer they DO come in purple , although we ordered it Blue from Amazon -RRB- for our daughter when she was about 18 months old.That was 18 months ago , and we were actually very upset that we had to place her in a booster at that age -LRB- the fancy highchair we had just drove us crazy , this was our only option -RRB- . Its a very unique booster seat , and we are VERY happy to have purchased one.It stays on our kitchen chairs easily -LRB- wooden chairs , with an upholstered bottom -RRB- and surprisingly enough the cooshie even grips onto those ! It does grip better to our all wooden dining room chairs , but after reading the `` melting '' reviews , I will be using a kitchen chair for her while in the dining room :-RRB- . It also adapts well to outdoor furniture , and just about ANY seating area . It does n't have straps or anything that will eventually collect crud and just become annoying , and it `` sticks '' to the chairs due to cleverly thought out rubbery material , it grips to just about anything ! The cooshie does n't have buckles or anything to contain a child , so you should think twice before purchasing if your little munchkin just does n't sit still , or may fall off . The cooshie is VERY lightweight and easy for my daughter to take off of her chair , and bring ANYWHERE she will be sitting , even directly on the floor ! It has also been a fun pool toy -LRB- dont ask how the heck it got into the pool , because frankly I dont know ! -RRB- and it floats , just its not to be used as a flotation device ! The cooshie is SO EASY TO CLEAN , just wipe it up , and I swear you will never have to deep clean or anything , just wipe it up and EVERYTIME you are done !! My daughter LOVES sitting at the table with everyone , and the cooshie is actually very comfortable . She has n't ruined hers yet , although she is n't a really rough girl , but it may become an issue with rambunctious children , as the foamy inside may rip or something , but if that ever DID happen , we would purchase another without any hesitation . She also has been able to get into the chair herself , which worried me , I though we would have to lift her . But the cooshie is just another obstacle that most kids will be able to get over , my daughter has developed a very `` funny-to-watch '' technique as to how she will get into her chair , so this should n't be a problem.I too found it annoying that my daughter cant lean back all the way , since there really is n't too much of a back , but enough to make it annoying to use the actual chair to lean back against -LRB- if that 's hard to follow , I apologize , she just cant rest with the cooshie -RRB- . It does n't seem to bother her that much , but I wish there was SOMETHING that would enable her to `` rest '' back a bit . It will also destroy your wooden furniture if there 's nothing between the cooshie and the wooden finish . The cooshie comes with a large carry bag , that we found very useful for eating out or going to relatives ... it holds her cooshie , and bibs and whatnot for her younger brothers , or something to entertain her ... it does n't fold or anything , but I wouldnt expect any booster to be anymore `` luggable '' than the cooshie is.Its also great for the older crowd , my friends EIGHT year old was always sitting on his knees while eating , and he is n't really short , just that they have odd chairs , and that he preferred to be up closer . Once he tried the cooshie , he was more confident and comfortable , and actually wanted ours ! So , this goes without saying , my friend purchased one for him and he takes his EVERYWHERE!The cooshie is just a great booster seat for older children , or at least toddlers . Its simplicity and perfection in design amazes me , and I will defiantly be on the market for two more in a few years , when her twin brothers need them too !
 This is a GREAT BUY if your toddler has outgrown their high-chair and wants to sit at the `` big person 's table '' . It 's soft , easy to clean , portable , and durable . The only drawback is the price - try to get it around $ 30 or so and you 'll be in good shape.Want to see a VIDEO review ? Check out our YouTube review at the link below -LRB- just copy/paste the link into your address bar -RRB- or go to YouTube and search for `` Cooshie + HelpfulDad '' . God Bless . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I bought this item based upon a recommendation . I found it to be perfect for keeping my little girl at the table . It is easy to clean , and simple to use . What more can you ask for ?
 This is a great product for when your child refuses to sit in highchair or booster/traveling seat anymore . We purchased this and it is great ! Sits the child right at table level same as mom and dad . We got it for our son who just turned two and wants to be independent . It 's great . It 's alot of money but worth the cost , especially if you plan to have more than 1 child . You wo n't be dissapointed !
 We purchased 2 of these seats and used them for over 3 years . My boys loved their seats , in fact I had to encourage each of them that they had outgrown them . We had no problems with them sticking or ruining our chairs . They did not fall apart . My boys did not pick at them or poke holes in them . When we were going to a friend or family 's home for dinner these were easy to take with us . After 3 + years they were still in great condition and I was able to sell them . Now I have a daughter and I know I 'll be picking up another of these when she 's 2 .
 We love this booster . My 3 year is still using it and I think he started using it around 18 months or so . We have solid oak chairs and did n't have the problem of other reviewers . It sits in the same chair almost all the time and there 's no residue . Maybe it has more to do with the chair finishing . Your chair does need to be made of something to `` grip '' this chair , such as a wooden chair . I tried to take it to my dad 's house and he has cooshy leather chairs , and it did n't work . It cleans extremely easily , holds him securely , and works better than I could have expected .
 I am a Grandma , and love to use it ... even on my fancy walker . My walker has a seat and brakes . I made a seatbelt ; so I can take him around the house with me , without hurting my back . I use it in chairs and even on the floor for a little seat .
 I got this after trying to find a booster seat that my daughter can use at the table without tipping it like the ones you find at the restaurants . My daughter did n't like to sit in her high chair and took apart her other booster seat . But this one is soft to sit in , it wo n't tip too much when she gets out of it , she can sit at the table with the rest of us , and is easy to clean.I am not sure I would take it with us to go out to eat because we do n't typically go out to eat too much .
 This booster seat is great . Kiddo can climb onto the chair without fear of slippage . Comfy and spills wipe right off . Very solid and has a great grip .
 We love it and most important our 2 yr old loves sitting in it . Soft and comfy . A must have !!!
 My 4 year old son just did n't fit at our new kitchen table and chairs . We tried phone books , but they moved and ended up on the floor half the time . We pulled out his old hard plastic booster seat but he was just too big for it . I purchased the Cooshie Booster and it is perfect !!! He fits in it with lots of room -LRB- and he 's a big kid -RRB- , its not at all as small as the standard plastic booster seats and the super soft material really is great ! Awesome product that I highly recommend for bigger kids , since it does not secure onto the chair or have a seat belt , I wo n't use it for my 20 month old daughter .
 I have a smaller five year old that wanted to sit in a big boy chair , not the stool we had been using . After he destroyed one of our phone books , and scratched our wood chairs with a hard plastic seat , I found the Cooshie . I highly recommend it . It is easy to cart with you and he loves having a seat that can move around . We are looking forward to using it next week at a movie theater . No more coats ! Consider this seat if your child is smaller , but no longer a toddler . In addition , he loved the color and the softness . What a bonus .
 I have two , one for each of my boys . This booster is great because it does n't need to be straped or attached to the chair and is very portable . It never moves from the chair either and is so comfortable for the kids . We absolutely love them !
 My wiggly giggly girl sits in this booster . For us it has worked much better than the hard plastic that is available in most stores . My only frustration is that the travel bag was not shipped with the item and it was really impossible to figure out how to get one sent to me that I gave up trying to get it .
 I love the Cooshie Booster . This was the second one I bought and I did not wish to buy any other booster seat after my experience with it the first time around . My kids like it because it is high and soft , and I like it because it cleans wonderfully . The added bonus of buying it this second time was that it came with a bag for travel at no extra cost .
 My 16 month old daughter has gotten to the stage where she no longer wants to use a highchair or any of those other booster seats with the trays -LRB- ie . Tot-Loc , First Years 4 in 1 feeding seat , and First Years Folding Booster ... all great products by the way -RRB- She really just wanted to sit at the kitchen and dining room table like a big girl , and she did n't want to sit in the baby seats that allow you to convert them to big kid boosters by removing the trays . We were at our wits end and after reading all the reviews here , we decided to give it a try , but I must admit we were a bit skeptical and nervous using this for our daughter because she is so young and most of the other reviewers said they used this for an older child . Well our daughter absolutely loves this and is so proud of her upgrade from highchair to big kid comfy booster . The booster wipes clean very easily , sticks to the chair very well , and the seat itself is non-slip , so our daugher does not slouch and side off this seat like she did with other hard plastic boosters . Best of all , the seat brings her to the perfect height at our table -LRB- much better fit than the hard plastic boosters -RRB- and she appears to be much more comfortable -LRB- not to mention our once picky eater is now happily eating everything she sees now -RRB- . This booster seat seems to have completely changed the way my daughter looks at meal time for the better . Also , the travel case this booster comes with is a nice touch , and it has room to pack a bib or small snack as well as the booster . We 're looking forward to using this booster for the next couple of years , and since it 's so portable , we only need to buy one and just take it everywhere we go.One thing I should mention , I would n't buy this booster for a child who is overly active and does n't like to sit still . My daughter has no problems sitting still for extended periods as long as she is occupied , but if she were the kind of kid who always has to be moving at this age , I would n't use this booster just yet as it does not have any safety belt to hold your child in .
 I was a bit hesitant to buy this booster , although it came highly recommended . I felt like it was overpriced and essentially offered nothing ... boy , was I wrong ! I 've been using this booster for 2 years now . It has been used by my 3.5 year old and his 2 year old brother . Both of them LOVE it . The seat is comfortable for them to sit on , unlike the hard plastic seat we had before it . It does n't slide around on the chair , and it is SO easy to clean . I also like that it is easy to take along if we 're headed to grandma 's house . No extra straps , trays , or pieces to worry about ! I do n't have a single complaint with this seat after 2 years of use ... it is well worth the money !
 This is the third booster seat I 've bought for my now-2-year-old son , and I 've finally hit upon the perfect choice . Unlike other popular booster seats , the Cooshie is soft , making dining like a big boy all the more pleasurable for my little guy . It does n't require unwieldy straps to secure it on a regular chair and does n't slip , thanks to suction cups and the foamy material . It 's actually smaller and more portable than the other so-called portable seats -LRB- of the fold-up variety -RRB- . Best of all , its use is n't restricted to dining -- we can use it to give our son a better view at theaters .
 My now 2.5 year old son loves this booster seat , as do I . When he started on soft foods , I first purchased one of the hard plastic variety , for use while travelling or at grandma 's house in lieu of a high chair . I disliked it because of the various pieces -LRB- came with a tray -RRB- , and all of the straps were a nuisance . My son also appeared to be uncomfortable in the plastic seat and did n't want to stay put for long . When it was time for him to graduate out of a high chair , I started hunting around for an alternative booster seat . I was leery that the Cooshie booster does not have straps to hold him in , but I think he 's so comfortable that he just stays put ! That has never been a problem . The Cooshie seat is lightweight , comfortable , easy to clean , easy to move -LRB- no straps or clamps -RRB- , and easy for him to get in and out of on his own . The rubbery-type fabric is not slippery for him , which I have noticed as a problem with other plastic or wood booster seat/chairs . It 's just great and I very highly recommend it .
 let me start by saying I have twins that are 2.5 . I have never written a review before and I wanted to do so for this item . I was reluctant to purchase a Cooshie due to the cost and purchased the hard plastic ones from Wal-mart instead . The hard plastic ones were leaving small bruises on my girls ' backs right along their spine from leaning back into the hard seat . They also will rub the finish off of the seats of your hard wood chairs without putting something under them . Also the hard plastic ones are hard to clean and difficult to remove from the seats to clean under them , because crumbs will get under it and in it and around it . The cooshie is light enough that my girls can carry it around them selves and they love to sit in them to watch TV . I love the ease of being able to move the seats without unstrapping them in case we need the extra adult space . Mine came with carry bags so we can take them with us to a restaurant and not have to use the germ infested seats there.Cooshie seats are well worth the money . I plan to use ours for several years to come . They are also a breeze to clean !
 I have a green one for my 5-yr-old , and she loves it . Soft , easy to take off and put on -LRB- no straps -RRB- , wipes clean -LRB- no nooks and crannies -RRB- . When my 2-year-old is 3 and a little more trustworthy about staying in his seat I 'll get him one too . For now he still needs his safety belt .
 For all the reasons others have mentioned - not having to fasten it to the chair , it staying securely in place , easy to move around , easy to clean , comfortable - this is a great seat . I bought it for my daughter when she was 2 , and she still prefers it to no booster now that she is almost 6 . The caveat is that on ours the side -LRB- the `` lip '' on one side -RRB- tore off , taking a bit of the seat with it , after her climbing in and sliding out over and over again . As I saw it begin to tear , I tried to duct tape it ; this not only did n't help but left a sticky mess . I would prefer that it have the back on it but no sides . We still use it ; it is still perfectly functional , but it looks bad . I do like it well enough that despite this I am going to buy a second one for my younger child , since my nearly-6-year-old does not want to give hers up . For what it 's worth ...
 I love this booster seat ! I have purchased both the Fold Up Booster Seat and the Deluxe On-The-Go Booster Seat only to be disappointed with too many straps and zippers . Not to mention , that my two year old daughter did n't trust their stability once they were strapped into the chair . She refused to sit in either of them . I purchased the Cooshie Booster Seat and she loves it . I take it everywhere . It sits securely in place and is comfortable for her to sit in . Not to mention that I do n't have to worry about using the nasty boosters available in restaurants . I just clean it up with a damp cloth or antibacterial wipe and off we go .
 At home , we had a plastic booster with straps to attach to the chair and the child . We bought this chair just for traveling to grandma 's house or a restaurant . But as soon as it came in the door , my daughter loved it ! She wanted to sit in it just to watch TV ... she wanted to sit in it to play with her toys ... . She eventually refused to sit in her regular booster any more -LRB- we now use it for her little sister -RRB- and we had to buy another of these seats for traveling . A great purchase that I would highly recommend !!
 I have 3 children ages 6 , 5 and 3 and they all use one of these seats . I thought by now my older kids would have outgrown them but they are on the small side and still need the extra height to sit comfortably at the kitchen table.All 3 seats are still in fantastic shape . The oldest one I have is 4 years old and the newest one is 6 months old and you ca n't really tell the difference between them . They hold up real well and are easy to keep clean.They adhere well to any seat in my house from kitchen to dining room . No slipping at all.I highly recommend this booster seat . Yes it is pricey but it lasts forever as I can attest too .
 We 've had one for 1.5 years and it still looks brand new . It is used every day at least once . My 3 year old likes to get it down and use it in front of the tv , too . Now my 1 yr old is getting it down for himself , so I am buying a second one for him . Great product .
 My daughter loves her new big-girl seat . She just turned 2 , and the chair works perfectly with our dining chairs . We also took it on vacation with us , and it came in handy . This seat is a great alternative to the pricey toddler chairs out there . I highly recommend it .
 I really like this booster seat . It works well for my two year old . She 's comfortable in it , it does n't slide off or scratch the chair . Very easy to clean as well . The only downfall that I can see is that there is nothing keeping her in the seat -LRB- no strap -RRB- , so she gets up when she wants to , rather than when I want her to !
 This seat is perfect for our toddler ! The seat does not move around and it is very easy to clean ! Our son likes it because it 's so comfortable . A little pricey but well worth it !
 This is a fantastic , portable , washable booster seat . The only problem is when a child is in it , they can not sit flush against the back of the chair ... which causes them sometimes to lay back away from the table . It would be great to find a booster seat that is open on the ends but has sides .
 I just ordered another one for my second child . This seat is awesome . It 's lightweight , easy to clean , and does n't slip off the chair at all . My kids love it too . A must buy after the highchair is done .
 The Cooshie Booster is a wonderful booster seat . It is very sturdy , comfortable , and an excellent replacement for our high chair . It is incredibly easy to clean due to its one-piece design , especially when compared to our high chair that seemed to collect food . Also , the travel bag makes it very easy to take the Cooshie out with you . My 2 year old son loves the Cooshie and carries it all around the house with him . I highly recommend this booster seat .
 Our two year old absolutely loves this seat as does his mommy ! It is made of a wonderfully soft material and it is so easy to keep clean . There are no hidden areas for food to hide in . The non stick bottome keeps the booster right where you want it ! We take this booster everywhere and the travel bag makes it easy to do ! Our son feels like a big boy and loves his new seat . We even take it into restaurants because his cooshie seat is so much nicer than the boosters the restaurant will offer!Awesome product worth the money !
 My son -LRB- 2.5 -RRB- sits LONGER at the table , is comfortable , and even likes to sit in the seat on the floor and read books ! Amazingly simple to clean and very safe . It comes with a carrying case wtih handles and we take it to dinner / grandparents ! He sits in this seat at restaurants and seems to behave and sit comfortably for much longer !
 I love this seat ! My four year old son uses it at the kitchen table and moves it to the den to boost himself up to use the computer . It is so comfortable and portable . It is extreamly easy to clean and the best part is it doesnt have space under it for food to fall .
 I bought this booster seat for our 18 month old son . It was perfect - he liked sitting in it and engaging with mom and dad for meals . Only thing it ca n't do is clean up the mess after the meals . . :--RRB- I felt the soft cooshie construction would be a safer than the plastic models I have seen . My son is active and if you slide him completely under the table he does not try and climb out . The travel bag makes it really easy to carry when dining out or at Grandma 's . I highly reccommend this product .
 We love this booster seat . Judging by the other reviews , we 're not alone ! We bought another portable booster seat first -LRB- that collapses and has to be inflated and strapped to chairs -RRB- . It was fine but high maintenance and too much work . It was n't stable and our son tended to end up leaning to one side . So we found this one and gave it a shot . GLAD WE DID ! It 's very stable and stays put with no straps . I can pull it up and rinse or wash it at the sink and have it back in the chair in a couple of minutes . It 's light and tough . I wish we had bought this one first . Love love LOVE it !
 That 's what my daughter says to everyone that comes to our house . She even wanted her big brothers to try it out . I wish they had one in my size for sporting events ! It is nice and soft ... not that hard plastic stuff and it stays just where you put it on the chair . NO SLIPPING !! I absolutely love this booster and I 'm sure you will too !
 I did love this booster seat . The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that it got a small slit in the side of the foam andgradually got worse quickly . Our children loved it so much they would use it to sit on and play with their toys , so it was used hard . I would buy it again . I just wanted you to know to be careful with it . It is not as durable as other chairs.I had limited success with duct tape .
 For the older toddler , this booster seat is more comfortable and spacious than the hard plastic booster seats with trays . The hard plastic seats slide around on wood chairs and never feel stable , even when strapped around the chair . The trays do n't leave enough room for a bigger child 's legs . However , this booster seats is soft and cushiony . It feels stable on wood chairs , and it allows the child to sit at the big people 's table . Obviously , it 's not as good for the young infant or younger toddler who needs a tray to contain the mess , but it 's definitely better for the older toddler who knows how to eat neatly off a plate or bowl . The older toddler hopefully is also well-trained enough to know not to jump around in the seat because it 's not attached to the adult chair .
 My 21/2 year olds highchair was terrible , so I threw it out on his first b-day . This chair is great , but I dont see anything miraculous going on.PROS - * Very comfortable , my son always says everything should be like cooshie * All one solid piece of foam , bo creveces to get food stuck in * It doesnt slip due to the material , a plus for a wiggly toddler * Sits him up high enough to eat * Can be easily taken off , no straps and all that stuff * Cute color , not bright and pastely * Very light weightCONS - * Is not at all portable , I dont know about you but I wouldnt want to `` travel '' with something the size of a large platter everywhere ! * The `` carry case '' is cheap and really the size of a diaper bag ... uhh sorry I already have one of those * leaves his feat dangling , although this is a problem occuring in MANY booster seatsThis is just a booster . I like it and I am glad I chose it but I dont really understand the amazing changes in children with a booster -LRB- not that I am denying the fact that those reviews are true -RRB- I just dont see how this cooshie could do it . My son is still fussy , and will get down when he feels like it , this comfortable booster doesnt stop him . He loves his booster and loves being a big bow v.s sitting in a highchair like his little brother
 I needed 2 boosters for my two year old twins but had no idea what style or type I needed . I searched thru Amazon and read feedbacks on alot of different boosters before I found my Cooshies ! These are great , my very active twins actually sit for dinner ! They do n't try to get up or wiggle ... too much ! They just love their boosters and I do too !
 My 2 year old loves this seat . After our son decided that high chairs are for `` babies '' we bought this booster so he could sit at the table like a big boy . We 've used it for 3 days and its been a wonderful investment . He loves it ! I 'll be adding the safety 1st 4 stage feeding seat to my yard sale pile !
 My daughter loves this seat . She is only 15 months , but sits sooo still and it makes her feel like a big girl . Definitely worth the purchase !
 Our three year old daughter was ready to move out of the highchair when the twins were born -LRB- now 9 months -RRB- . The cooshie was the best option , and certainly a wise choice.For us we wanted to have a booster that would be simple , no frills and amazing folding mechanisms , cool gadgets , and baby appealing features . We just wanted something to put on our chairs that could bring her up to the table . Well after looking at millions of hard boosters , with straps without , with trays without , reqlining , and folding , high backs , no backs , transformable , or one stage only ... Finnally we laid eyes on the simplist one of them all , but definatly not the inferior model ... The cooshie.It seemed so simple , like , `` thats it '' , no straps to hold baby , no straps to hold to the chair , no trays , no back , no amazing features ... but boy was this chair the winner of em ' all!I loved that my daughter could pick out her own `` style '' , basically a color , but that seeming meaningless thing , was so important to her ! She picked out the purple cooshie -LRB- I believe they come in blue , green , purple , and red -RRB- . We were also able to bring it to one of those stands at a flea market , to get it customized with her name and the cool letters , now she was ready to be a big girl!Well now onto the actual chair ... Its easy to set up , because you just have to place it on a chair ! We have solid wood chairs , but we placed one of those non-slip mats on it , after hearing how it ruins the garnish and finish of the wooden chairs . It doesnt slip , flip , slide , or wiggle , no matter how much my daughter moves , it stays put . I wouldnt recomend you using it on ahpolstered chairs , unless its leather or something that a chair could `` stick to '' . The chair has no back , no straps , no trays or anything ... this means its for an OLDER TODDLER , just as a seat so they can reach the table . Its not for babies , and I doubt I would use it any earlier than 21/2 to 3 years old , its just not designed for babies . You dont purchase a two wheeler for your 18 month old and get dissapointed because your baby falls off adn gets injured do you ... no , because a two wheeler bicycle is not designed for an 18 month old , its for an older child ... Just like the cooshie . Its an excellent seat though . Its like a big block of foam , thats covered in a rubbery material so it sticks to your chair . Its extremely comfortable for a child , and my daughter INSISTS on using it on the floor , on the couch , at her tables , and anywhere else it could be useful , just because its hers , and because its a big girl seat ... something that sets her apart from the babies . We dont mind her dragging it where ever she wants -LRB- have even found it with her in the bathtub ! It actually floats and dries really well , thats durability for ya ! -RRB- . We also found it SUPER easy to clean . We just lift it up and wipe it off with a baby wipe or something . I have honestly never done anything more , its not even like wipe it up and occasionally hose it down like some products , its simple enough to keep clean that way . I wouldnt recomend purchasing it for eating out though . The carry case it comes with is ridiculously large , its just a big piece of vinyl to lure you into purchasing it , making it sound portable . The cooshie doesnt fold , doesnt roll up and doesnt become any smaller than its original size , so its just carrying it around with handles ... I would still purchase it , and have used it at relatives houses ... but wouldnt recomend it for eating out ... unless you dont mind the lack of portability.Its so simple , yet so unique and ingenious . I deduct one star because it does ruin wooden furnature -LRB- my mother tried to use it without knowing that it does , and her furniture was destroyed -RRB- and because it doesnt fold or anything for easy portability , and because my daughter finds it a bit difficult to sit on it , she wiggles around alot until she finds `` the spot '' , and sometimes her legs stick to it -LRB- like on leather seats -RRB- and she cries out `` ouch ! '' . But these are easy to live with and minor problems , I would still recomend everyone purchasing it for your toddler .
 I can not recommend this product highly enough . We went through several other boosters before discovering this one while dining at a friend 's house . The seat is comfortable for my two kids -LRB- now 5 and 3 -RRB- who have each been using one since about 2 years old . They can climb in and out of it without the seat falling off the chair due to the slightly sticky nature of the rubber bottom . The seat is a snap to wipe clean with a sponge , and lightweight enough to carry to grandma 's or wherever . My parents tried to buy one at Babies ' R Us to keep at their house , and apparently they have stopped carrying it and now have their own copycat -LRB- and greatly inferior -RRB- version . I found this seat to be well worth the price !
 Forget all the ridiculous hard plastic , slipping , strappy JUNK for chairs ! You will sigh with relief when your child plops down in this one . THANK GOODNESS there is something that works ! Every parent that visits asks me where I got it . I have so many friends who have bought one after having their child eat a meal , or color , etc. in mine ! GREAT purchase . You will no be sorry . I bought this off reviews alone , and I am SO pleased !
 We 've been using this booster for our 21/2 year old for over a year . Now I 'm buying another one for my 1 year old . It is so comfortable that my daughter will color , do puzzles , play with playdoh , etc. for a long time without getting up . So we use it for many other table activities in addition to mealtime . It 's easy to clean and has held up perfectly over the year + we 've been using it multiple times a day . We have it on a bench seat at our kitchen table so tipping over/not having straps is n't an issue . I miss it when we forget it when we go out to eat , especially since restaurant booster are so slick and unsteady , it 's easy for her to tip over . This one seems to stay put on a chair even without straps . We have n't encountered any residue like other users -LRB- our chairs are fabric or vinyl covered -RRB- . Lastly , our 1 year old loves to climbs in and out of it when it 's on the floor . She 's in the `` climb on everything '' phase and it 's nice for that because it 's low , cushioned , and not top heavy .
 We have had our Cooshie Booster -LSB- almost a year -RSB- . We have purchased several different boosters seats but all have fell short of my expectations . Not the Cooshie Booster . It is super soft , easy to carry , and easy to clean . My daughter uses it for everything . We take it to the movie theater . We take it to restaurants where it is so nice to have your own `` clean '' booster seat to use . She uses it on the computer chair so she can use the computer easily . Her grandparents love to use it at their houses too . If I were going to a baby shower this would be one of the first gifts I would buy .
 When we go out to eat , our 3.5 year old son does n't use any booster seat . So , now that our 22 month old daughter is ready to leave the highchair behind , we want to use his booster seat at home . The problem is that he likes it so much -LRB- better than what restaurants have -RRB- that we are now buying a second seat for our daughter . Clean up is a breeze . No straps to fuss with . Lightweight enough that both kids can carry it anywhere they want .
 This is the best booster seat we 've ever purchased . It sits firmly on any chair , it 's very comfortable for my 3 year old and there are no clumsy straps to deal with . It 's also very easy to take along wherever you go . We would recommend this product to anyone with toddlers who eat at the `` big '' table !
 I absolutely LOVE this booster chair . We switched our daughter to the booster after being frustrated with the Peg Perego high chair -LRB- which , is another story in its ' self -RRB- . Anyway , we started to use the booster around 20months of age . Love it , love it ... It is so easy to clean ! I actually put it in the sink to clean it and then lay it sideways to dry . It is the best investment of all ! I only wish I had invented this product : -RRB-
 ... My 3-year-old got it a year ago and likes the fact that he can move it from one chair to another by himself depending on where he 's in the mood to sit . And when you need all your chairs for adults it 's a cinch to simply pick up and set aside without having to worry about how long it 's going to take you to buckle in again later . -LSB- Someone -RSB- suggested putting something between the booster and a wooden chair , but I think this would defeat the purpose of the non-slip surface and create a danger of a wiggly toddler sliding right out of the chair booster and all . A better idea would be to remove the booster from the chair when not in use . I 'm online today to buy a second booster for our 2-year-old !
 I bought a Cooshie Booster about a year and a half ago for my son . Despite the daily use and not so nice treatment -LRB- my son throws it on the floor when he does n't want to use it and sometimes drags it around the house to use in other locations -RRB- , it is still in great shape . No breaks or tears and cleans up very easily . I also like that it 's soft , so it does n't scratch our dining room chairs and it stays in place well . Both my children seem comfortable in it and seems to enjoy using it . My daughter is now about 20 months old and she and her brother are starting to fight over the booster , so I am buying a second one . I did n't even consider another booster ; I just went straight for a second Cooshie .
 It does seem a bit overpriced but I have not found any other that matches all it 's great qualities . My 2 & 4 year old love it and we have to take turns with the one we have . I really want to buy another although our local BabiesRUs stores are not carrying it anymore
 The booster works great , does not slip on a chair , and is easy for my 2 year old to move around on her own . I highly recommend this product .
 My twins really like this booster . It is comfortable to sit on and it does not slide around on the chair . It is easy to clean and we can bring it with us when we go on vacation .
 My best friend bought these for her three girls and when we went up to visit her I fell in love ! I recently bought three for my little men -LRB- ages 4 , 4 , and 2 -RRB- and they are wonderful . They are lightweight and soft . The boys love them so much , they go everywhere with us . The travelbag that comes with them is great ! Buy one and see !
 This is a really great seat . My 3 yr old boy just loves sitting in it at the `` big '' table . He would n't give up his highchair for nothing but when we got this seat it was no going back . We got a pink one for his sister too , she 's 16months and already interested in her big brothers seat . The only minor downside is that if you have a child that likes to pick at things or say bite they might put holes in it . It 's a soft foam like seat . Very easy to keep clean A +
 Nice product . My 2 year old likes this booster seat . Side and back rails seems to be a little low , but that might make the booster too bulky . As it is , it feels a little on the bulky side already . Nice support on the seat and grips firmly on chairs . Very good product overall .
 My kids love the cooshie booster . Its stays secure without straps and is nice and soft for their little fannies . The booster is easy to clean and is `` stainless '' . I highly recommend the Cooshie Booster . We 've had one for over 4 years now and bought our second when our second daughter was ready approximately 2 years ago . Both are still in perfect condition .
 We just purchased this for our soon to be 4 year old . He had to give up his Safety First Fold and Go Booster to his 1 year old brother who refused to sit in his highchair . The product description says for use up to 4 , but our 4 year old -LRB- 40 pounds , 42 inches -RRB- fits in it fine with plenty of room to grow yet . Was amazed at how well it stayed on the chair . I have to admit I was a little bit of a skeptic . Really a great product . Our 1-year old also thinks it 's a great chew toy and he has yet to be able to bite a piece off of it -LRB- choking hazard , I know -RRB- .
 This was my second one . My first one was chewed up by the dog lol . I love it , it is easy to move around and my boys can get in it all by themselves . Easy to clean up to .
 We just got this for our 2 year old son . It is such a great product . There is no sliding off of the chair and it is so easy to clean . I would defintely recommend this over other booster chairs , we have a different booster chair at our lake house that has all the straps and tray but is very cumbersome and difficult to clean up . Also , my son prefers this booster chair because he likes the ` big boy ' aspect of not being buckled in but amazingly he always remains seated . Wish I would have bought this one first .
 My twins are 6 years old and have been sitting in these boosters since they were three . They are old enough to sit at the table just fine , but a little short for their age , and our chairs are a bit low for our table , so these are just great . They do n't feel like babies , but they 're nice and comfortable . I 'll be buying one for my almost three-year-old next month . My sons have blue and green , I just wish there was a pink or purple for my daughter !
 We currently own 3 of these . The first cooshie seat came free with some stuff I ordered online when my daughter was 1 month old -LRB- 4.5 yrs as of Oct. 04 -RRB- . I put it away , as she was not going to use it before she could sit . At age 1.5 she was having a hard time sitting through meals when using hard plastic booster seats , so I pulled it out . She has been using it ever since . We ended up with 3 , one for home , one for my husband 's car and one for mine , so that if we ate out , we had one . My daughter has always been willing to sit still for long periods of time , coloring , etc. . . as long as the seat she is in is comfortable , so this made sense for us . Over the last 3 years , two of our friends have borrowed one of ours and subsequently purchased one or two for their children . Most of us have wood chairs , however they have fabric seats and wood backs . None of us has had any damage to the wood finish . None of the 6 boosters that we have between us and our friends have any missing chunks -LRB- as some have reported -RRB- . We have all owned them over a year , with ours being used the longest , around 3 years . We were very sad to see that Baby 's R Us store is no longer selling this seat , which is where we purchased our others and where our friends purchased theirs . Their replacement version is from a different manufacturer and I did not like it , primarily because it was not cooshie , which to me , is the soft yet firm quality this seat . I will purchase mine on-line until they reappear at a store where I can purchase a different color again . In case you wonder why I am purchasing more ... two friends in Canada have given me money to bring them back one on my next trip to the U.S. as they ca n't be found in Canada yet .
 This is one of the best products that we have invested in for our daughter . At close to 2yrs she was more than ready to leave her high chair behind and this is the perfect transition to the table . It has a garuantee on the package about how your child will sit longer or your money back and they are right , our daughter loves to sit at the table all the time now . This is exactly what we wanted . The best part about it is that has a non-skid bottom so you do n't have to attach it with a strap , which is a bonus if you have bench seats at your table like we do . All in all this product is slightly more expensive than the competition but well worth it !
 I looked around for a booster seat for my 16 month old son , and this is the best one I could have ever bought ! He 's now 21/2 yrs . old , and he still loves it . The cooshie seat is soft , and easy to clean . We take it with us to restaurants , as it is the most comfy booster seat ever ! Although you pay a little bit more in price , it is worth every penny .
 I purchased this seat when my son was 2 years old -LRB- he is now 4 -RRB- . He actually picked it out because it did n't look like it was for a baby . It made him feel like a big boy sitting at the table without having a tray in front of him . It is durable , easy to clean and small enough to put in a closet or kitchen cabinet when not in use . I will definitely be using this again for my daughter when she is ready .
 At first I thought $ 29.99 was a little pricey for a foam/rubber booster chair , but I crossed my fingers and hoped for the best . We had a rambunctious almost two year old that was a squirmer in his highchair . After it arrived he was so proud to be able to sit at the table in a `` big boy '' chair and eat with us , it immediately changed the way we ate as a family -LRB- in a good way -RRB- . Within a week or so the highchair was rounded up and sent off to another family that needed one - and we never looked back.That was almost two years ago and he still uses his booster every day . He can sit in the chair without one , but he is so much more comfortable with his booster . It also allows him to sit much higher in the chair which is great . It 's also very easy to throw in the trunk for quick trips to grandma 's . In the end this was one of those `` successful '' purchases -LRB- vs. the purchases where you buy those miracle devices that end up in the closet -RRB- . If you are looking for a booster seat - consider your search over .
 After tiring of wiping up trays that did n't stay put , straps that could n't be cleaned completely and levers that did n't operate easily , we tossed our high chair and booster seats for this absolutely WONDERFUL little seat . Made of an interesting foamy material , it actually stays where you put it on a chair so your little one can eat like a `` big person '' at the table with you . The surface wipes clean easily , it 's portable and comes in its own plastic carry case so you can toss it in the car to bring along to restaurants -LRB- who wants to use a filthy universal high chair that maybe 1000 + kids have spilled on before yours ?? -RRB- Your child will love the comfy feel , the secure bottom and the colors ! We bought ours in the store and there was a choice of Aqua , Red , Black , Royal Blue and Purple . The price is right in line with other toddler feeding contraptions , and this one will grow with your child till they are old enough to sit without a booster . There are no straps on this seat , however , so do n't expect to prop a baby inside ... your child must be at least 18 months old OR old enough to sit still while eating and not topple out .
 We have a vintage 1950 's kitchen dinette set with the original vinyl covering on the chairs . The hard plastic booster we were using was leaving permanent dents in the vinyl , so I bought this booster in hopes of remedying the problem . I also wanted our son , now 2 , to have a more comfortable seat at meal times . This seat instantly reduced dinner-time squirming and the vinyl on the chairs is back to normal . I also love the fact that this seat does not need to be buckled to the chair so we can easily move it when needed . Clean up is a snap , too . I rinse it off in the sink with a little mild soapy water , towel dry and it 's back in place . I 'll be giving this as a baby shower gift from now on . Do n't waste your money on other boosters .
 Love this booster ! We 've had ours since it was first introducted in the stores in 2003 ; it is still in great condition and expect it to last as long as my boys need to use it -LRB- and possibably more -RRB- . It works great with our corner knook table -LRB- we even take it in it 's handy case when we eat out -RRB- , but do n't recommend its use on the bench or on a seat without a backing . We had to buy a second to keep my 2 and 3 year old from fighting over who was going to sit in it during meals .
 I just bought this today , after reading some great reviews on it . I have to say I love it . It is very comfortable , very easy to keep cleen , and very sturdy . My 23month old had no problem with it . Its a neat idea that they made the packaging it came in `` the carrying '' case . I dont think I want to add anything else into my hands when I go out , but its a neat idea .
 I am always looking for the newest and greatest baby products on the market . My husband always tells me that having the right equipment makes being a parent easier ! This booster is AWESOME . My 21/2 year old had not outgrown restaurant high chairs BUT tables were getting very crowded with two high chairs -LRB- my children are 17 months apart -RRB- . I decided it was time for a booster . I had tried the plastic booster seats found at many stores and hated them ! We had one incident where a plastic booster slid off the wooden booth and my son was left hanging on to the table for dear life ! I then tried the inflatable travel booster , it STUNK !!! I hated it , we were constantly having to readjust in the middle of meals , NOT FUN ! Then I stumbled upon the COOSHIE BOOSTER . I love it . I keep it in the travel bag in my van at all times , it 's a little bulky to carry into restaurants , but my son loves it . He climbs right in and sits like a perfect gentlemen during the entire meal . When buying this product keep in mind that there are NO STRAPS -LRB- this is not a problem for my 21/2 year old , BUT I would not trust my 15 month old in it for a second ! -RRB- . You will not regret buying this booster !
 THIS HAS TO BE THE BEST BOOSTER SEAT I HAVE EVER USED FOR MY CHILDREN . IT DOES NOT SLIP OFF CHAIRS , THE CHILD DOES NOT SLIP OUT THE SEAT EITHER . ITS VERY EASY TO CLEAN AND VERY DURABLE . I LOVED IT SO MUCH I BOUGHT ONE FOR MY SISTERS KIDS AND GRANDMAS HOUSE TOO . YOU WOULD BE SILLY TO PASS THIS OPPORTUNITY UP .
 This is a great booster to use anywhere . We use it at the kitchen table as well as at the computer for our 3 year old . It is the perfect shape and material , very comfortable . One thing to note
 Our daughter is almost 2 - and the highchair was getting in the way more than anything . We found this chair and bought it immediatly . It sits onto our exsisting chairs and does not slip or slide off . She loves being a big girl now and sitting at the table . Its easy to clean off and very durable . We had some of the other boosters for our sons but they were never able to slide them under the table , so the chairs stuck out . Glad we found this one .
 EASY TO CLEAN ! STAYS SECURE IN THE CHAIR ! MY SON LOVES IT ! I HAVE USED IT FOR A YEAR AND STILL IN PERFECT CONDITION !
 I purchased this seat because my 22 month old son -LRB- who is big for his age -RRB- just did n't seem comfortable in the fold away hard plastic one we had . He was always trying to slide down and would n't enjoy sitting in it . This seat is just the opposite ! He sits in it great , he looks so much more comfortable and does n't fuss to get out of it . Plus , with no crazy straps all around , it is so handy to just put on and take off the chair . I will admit , it may be a little pricey for what it actually is , but for me , it was well worth it !
 I bought this booster seat to replace our 21/2 year old 's highchair-His highchair converted to a booster seat , but the sides of it were too big to fit under the table , so he was too far away from his food.This booster seat is perfect ; it 's comfortable , affordable , and the perfect size to fit under the table , yet give baby good height.I even went ahead and ordered another one for my 17 month old . He loved sitting in his brother 's at the table like a big boy ; so , I knew it was a sure thing and now he has one too!It 's very easy to clean , and no cover ! -LRB- Oldest son tore two covers on his highchair/booster seat -RRB- . It 's very soft material too , great for comfort . It 's also small , easy to transport if you want to take it with you to a restaurant or to Gramma 's house .
 This is a wonderful SOFT booster that your child will love . Very easy to clean up also .
 We love this product and so do are children . We got this for our daughter who is almost 4 years old because she can not reach the table without kneeling . This works great and she is so comfortable . My son -LRB- alomst 2 -RRB- loves it too but without straps and because it is hard for him to sit still , I would not recommend it for an active toddler . The downside is that is slides from our fabric-covered chair so it is not the most stable .
 This booster is great . The material it is made of grips the chair so it does n't slide around when the kids get in and out . We have 2 year old twin boys and having 2 highchairs takes up a lot of space . We switched them to these and they have done great at the table . Plus they are super-easy to clean .
 I was hesitant to buy this seat for my daughter -LRB- 2 yrs old -RRB- since it did n't strap to a chair , but it got such great reviews I gave it a try . It is perfect . It does n't slide around on the chair at all . And the best part is she sits comfortably for long periods of time . We now do a lot of cooking/baking while she sits in her chair and helps . I 'm very pleased with this purchase .
 When our daughter was phasing out of the whole high chair thing , we were reluctant to use those hard plastic boosters in restaurants . They slip and tip and slide all over , especially when you have a toddler who will reach for things -- and whose does n't ? We have used this booster at home on our chairs and in many restaurants , not to mention at family parties/picnics , where we can put it on a folding chair or other chair and she can sit up at the table with everyone without much fuss on anyone 's part . And the bag makes it easy to toss into your car and go and grab it when you need it . Overall , we really like it !
 I love this portable booster . I bought it for our 18 month old son and it makes meals so much more enjoyable . Certainly feeding is more of a mess because he can spread it accross the table . :-RRB- What is also nice is that it is portable , durable and sticks to all surfaces . I was concerned the plastic one 's would slip around too much . . Highly reccommend this ...
 Love this booster seat ! My independant 2 yr old would not use anything else until I found this seat . He was over the high chair and other boosters I tried quickly and wanted to be a big boy . We have had luck with this seat for 4 mos so far and is nice that there are no straps so he can change chairs at the table if he wants to . Easy to clean with no hidden crevices , etc. . Definitely worth the little bit extra it costs .
 Our toddler -LRB- nearly 3 -RRB- has been using this booster seat for the last 7 months -- he loves it ! We had a hard plastic one that he use to sit in while in a kitchen table chair , but it was n't easy to actually sit in that and eat at the table . With the Cooshie Booster , he does easily and is at a good siting hight to eat without constantly dragging his arms through his food.One of the biggest features we loved about the seat , is that it has a continuous flat bottom . After our son was too big for a restaurant high chair , he started using a booster at the restaurant . But those are easy to tip over and get unbalanced , so we gave up on them . After we got our first booster seat for the house , we decided to get a second one to keep in the car for dinner 's out . He stays put in it fairly well.We are planning to get a third one of these as a present for our niece , Ca n't miss with this .
 This is a fantastic booster seat for those in between kids , too big for the high chair , but too short for a regular kitchen chair . We love this seat , its easy to clean and you do n't have to strap it to a chair . My son even likes to sit on it in the living room . We also play matchbox cars on it and his animal figurines also like to play on it ! A great seat for the money !
 This is a very stable and comfortable booster seat . Our problem was that , somehow , it dissolved the finish on the wooden chair it was placed upon . Make sure you put some kind of barrier between the seat itself and a wooden finish . I suspect that there was some moisture between the seat and the chair . The damage over time was severe .
 I must have a newer version because mine stick just fine . I have very sharp corners on the bottom of my kitchen counters and these guys do the job . They are so much thicker and cushionery than the other versions -LRB- pricey though -RRB- , but I think they 're worth it . No more bumped heads !
 I attached these to my kitchen counters about one year ago and am still very pleased with them . They were easy to install and can be cut to fit . I have not experienced any problems with peeling or surface damage . They have saved my son 's head -LRB- and my hips -RRB- quite a few times . In fact , my three-year-old has identified more corners in the house where he would like me to put these .
 Unlike two other brands that I have already tried , these corner protectors work very well to protect grandchildren and pets from sharp pointy edges of my glass coffee and end tables . The protectors are easy to apply and stay firmly attached to the tables even when bumped several times . I also like how well the brown color blends with the mahogany base of the tables , making the corner protectors much less noticeable than ones that I have purchased in the past .
 This product is much more effective when used for children 3 and over . They have lost any interest in just pulling the pieces off out of curiosity . As long as the pieces are left on the table , this is a very useful product .
 These work really well , however they are not rated 5 because we have not found an adhesive agent that wlll keep them glued on for heavy use .
 Very soft and so needed for our two-year-old that races through the house and bangs into everything , and used to give us heart attacks everytime she nearly cracked her head on the counter corners or dining room table . Very satisfied .
 Finally I found corner guards that actually stay on and blend in well with the furniture ! I purchased two other sets of corner guards before these Prince Lionheart corner guards . I could n't get one set of guards to stay on due to the uneven design on the corners of my kitchen and coffee table . And my son easily ripped off the other set . These Prince Lionheart guards were easy to install and its been a couple of months and my son has n't torn any off nor have any loosened and fallen off . I believe these guards are staying on because of the way the pliable material molds well to the corners , even with the uneven corner design of my tables .
 I have a desk with sharp corners . I tried the Safety First corner guards first because they were cheaper than the Prince Lionheart guards . My son ripped off the Safety First guards right away and started chewing on them . Horrible toxic fumes coming from the adhesive on the Safety First guards also . Every time I put them back on the corners , he 'd rip them off , or I 'd accidently knock them off myself . Next I bought these Prince Lionheart corner guards . I do n't know why , but my son has completely ignored them and never tried to take them off . So for me they work perfectly .
 I love these ! I have them all over the house so my 3 yr old does not run into the corners of counters etc. . I also use the long strait pieces that are from the same company on my fireplace edge etc. very useful but you need to use both the corners and the strait edge pieces .
 I put this on the corners of my brick fireplace and sticks well . My one year old son tried pulling on it once and without success and never tried again . They are large with good cushion and will do its job . The adhesive is strong enough and after 3 months , they are still there on all three corners . I would recommend but of course , if your child is persistent , I am sure he/she would get it off eventually . So far , so good .
 These are sturdy , durable , and they look amazing for a childproofing item . They totally blend in with my brick fireplace . I feel confident they will work well for us for the next few years .
 Wow . I am surprised to read all the terrible reviews ! I love these table corners . I bought a set for two tables and once my baby 's initial fascination wore off -LRB- after a day or two -RRB- he did n't even notice them enough to want to tear them off . Although I will admit they are easy to pull off . But he has n't pulled them off yet because they are now just a part of the table . And I can leave him playing by himself by the tables instead of before when I HAD to be right next to him -- and even then he hit his gums on the table a few times ... now I feel much safer .
 I bought these not knowing they were JUMBO but they work great and I am very happy with them . I would recommend these to anyone .
 I just put these on some sharp corners in my house and they are great . The tape is sticking well so far and they have already protected my son 's head . He moves so fast right to where the furniture is . I watch him and move him away , but it makes me feel better to have these there just in case . I needed the jumbo size for the bottom of my entertainment center .
 I used these to cover the corners of a trundle to prevent guests from getting hurt on the corners . The fit was unconventional but they served their purpose . The double sided tape was strong enough but I added some clear tape given the unusual application .
 The Prince Lionheart Corner Guards work great . I grew tired of bruising my shins on the wood corners of my bed frame that stick out from underneath the box pring.These guards were very easy to attach to the corner and blend in well with the wood . Plus I longer get hurt bumping into the wood frame corners .
 Someone would have to work pretty hard to get hurt by a corner that these are adhered too ! Anyhow the weak link in many of these products is usually the adhesive . Generally they do n't stick good and end up in the garbage after kids knock them off or pull them off etc. . These have been on for many months now and are still very secure . This is in a house that regularly has 3 kids 5 and under zipping around .
 I bought these corner guards for the marble edge of our shower enclosure . The color works great for our bathroom . It works so well . It has stuck since we put it on , about 5 months ago . It has even gotten wet . It uses double sided command strips to adhere to the surface . My 15 month old has tried to take it off a few times , with no luck . He does n't bother it that much though , because it does n't really stand out . I 'm sure if he was persistent , it would come off . We purchased a similar product -LRB- different brand -RRB- for our coffee table , and it was off within a week .
 This was a good purchase . The corners are no longer a danger . Easy to use . They work very well . Easy install . Good value .
 Product appears to be well made & serves its purpose . I use it mostly on wooden furniture that I have made , so the color blends in nicely . Unlike others that I have purchased in the past , it is n't overly bulky , so it does n't stick out like a `` sore thumb '' & detract from the appearance of the furniture .
 When the adhesive is used properly , the edge guards stick very well . Of course , a determined child can rip just about anything apart with some effort , so unsupervised children can tear these off if they work on them for a while . No substitute for watching children carefully , but I 'm sure this product has saved many trips to the ER -LRB- I 'm an ER MD , so I 've sutured plenty of lacerations from sharp table edges -RRB- . Overall , these work very well for us , and we 're buying some more .
 I bought these for the corners on all the bed frames in our house in case our toddler fell into them . They are large and have enough cushion to prevent any serious injury . This applies to my husband too as he is prone to slamming his shin into the corner of the bed frames every few months ! I think he loves them the most !
 This is a wonderful product . Advertized as the color grey ... but is actually taupe -LRB- brown/grey -RRB- or tan . I wish it came in true grey .
 I love these . I have n't had to take them off the table so I ca n't speak to the residue part , but these are snug and protective .
 When a baby gets to the crawling stage , your life changes . Table corners are just one of those places that must be protected and this little gadget does so very well . There are some tables that require the corner piece and the long padding all around the parameter of the table due to sharp edges , but in most cases , this is enough . I only wish they were a little less obvious . Unless you have very light wood furniture , these things stick out like a sore thumb . My only concern is that there is an adhesive -LRB- that supposedly comes right off -RRB- . Many months from now I suppose I 'll find out if that is true , but in the meantime I have -LRB- relative -RRB- peace of mind when my grandson is crawling or toddling around and that is Priority 1 .
 I have a blind dog , and I put these on the corners of the coffee table . They 've even saved my shins a few times , so they work great ! The adhesive strips are plenty strong enough to hold them on . They 're not the most attractive furniture accessory , but I imagine they 're easy enough to remove and then put back in place if the Queen or Martha Stewart popped over for tea . Great item . Worth the price .
 This is a great product . They do what they are supposed to do , at least on my desk . My desktop/corners consist of a wood laminate , with a very smooth surface , so these things stick very well . However , I have not attempted to take them off yet , and i 'm sure a little ` Goo-Gone ' or rubbing alcohol will do the trick when the time comes . I will be dissapointed if they harm some of the finish , but then again you ca n't put a price on protecting your precious child from severe injury , which can easily occur when their head hits a table or desk corner ! For this ` peace of mind ' , I give this product 5 stars . One more thing ... there is NO substitute for proper and constant child supervision .
 I use these corners on my oversize coffee table and on my dining room table . The adhesives have worked fine for me .
 this is beautiful and has held up very well . I have gotten lots of compliments on this cover . l l
 one side is plush and super soft - the other is cotton and very nice.def . a great baby girls boppy cover .
 I had gone to Walmart originally to get a cover but it was so rough and did n't feel like anything I would want to sleep on so I 'm sure a baby would n't enjoy it either ... I did some searching and a lot of people told me that the Boa cover was really soft so I figured I would order it and see and If I did n't like it I could return it ... I LOVE IT ! I would sleep on my sons boppy if I could lol GREAT buy !!!
 I really like this cover for my Boppy pillow . I did a lot of searching to find the right cover for the pillow , and this one is perfect . One side is a super soft chenille-like fabric in a pastel green . The other side is an adorable dot pattern that is not too `` baby '' and a bit more modern , which I love . The cotton side is still soft but not as soft as the other side . The pillow is washer and dryer friendly , which is very important for anything you 're using for babies . I do use this cover with a waterproof Boppy cover as well to protect the pillow . I highly recommend you combine the two .
 I love the pattern on this Pussy Willow boppy cover . On the solid pink side it is a very soft fleece-like material and on the print side it is fabric . Very cute and goes great with our Pottery Barn Penelope set .
 If you can still get this stuff it is a must for the lil lady who is expecting . All of the product my wife has used from this company worked very very well . Best of all it made her happy and an happy wifey makes a happy home .
 There is NO way my daughter will be able to get through this gate . She is the most rambunctious little girl too . And she is only 10 months old . She is already running around and able to walk really well on her own . And she loves the stairs . This gate is perfect in front of our stairs and they 're not even with the wall either . The banaster and the very top stair are totally uneven and our opening is about 7 feet wide . And with the Configure Gate and one extension , there is no way I will ever have to worry about my daughter falling down the staris or breaking our gates , which she has done due to the way the top of our stairs are . This is the only gate that I have found that works perfect for our home . Plus the door in the gate is easy to use . You do n't have to squeeze hard on the handle to open it , but it 's not easy enough for a 4 year old to squeeze the handle . I love that this is a heavy-duty metal gate , it wo n't break or fall apart on me and it was easy to install . I 'm so happy that my husband and I bought this gate . It is an all around Great Investment . If you are considering buying a baby gate , you should really invest in a great baby gate . And I HIGHLY recommend this gate . And with the extensions it can fit ANYWHERE in your home or you can make it into a circle for a play yard . If you want a gate for your home , and you want one that will last and protect your child no matter how hard they are on it , get this gate .
 This gate us a lifesaver . Not only do I pets , I have a very adventurus toddler . This gate is sturdy and very durable . It is very convienent because it is designed to fit in an area that isnt straight . My living room has a curve to it so it fits great . A wonderful item . Thank you !
 I bought a couple of these extensions for the kidco playden I ordered online . The extensions actually were n't necessary for us , because the playden came with 6 sides and ended up being very spacious for my energetic little 10 month old . The kidco play den , without an extension , is also large enough for an adult to sit in , as well.I am very satisfied with the play den -LRB- and the extension pieces -RRB- . I feel very free and confident that baby is safe and secure when she 's in there . I like the playden much better than our portacrib for everyday playtime . It 's very sturdy , expandable and open & airy . My 10 month old daughter has n't even thought about climbing out yet , even though I know she would try if she could . The vertical bars do n't really seem climb-able for a younger , mobile baby.My husband actually does n't care for the vertical bars . He refers to the play den as baby 's `` jail . '' I do n't mind the bars , though . Most importantly , baby does n't mind them , either . She actually has a very nice , panoramic view of the room through those bars . And she likes to use the bars to pull herself up to standing.It 's a little difficult to figure out how to change the position of the individual panels . You have to pull up on the panels in a special way . It takes a little time and practice to get the hang of it . I found it almost impossible to get the exact shape that I wanted . I found it easier to just take the unit apart completely and start from scratch.I did n't realize this before I bought it , but you could probably just buy 5 or 6 of the extension pieces and connect them together to assemble your own play den . You just would n't have a door , and the door is really nice to have .
 Excellent product . Exactly what I needed to keep my dogs in one corner of the room with access to their exit door .
 This was one of the best things I purchased when I had the little one . I had no stairs , just wanted to create a barrier to another room and it was great . I would have no problem using this equipment around stairs as it is solid .
 I bought two extensions to add to my configure gate . I love it ! I 've had no problems at all with instability , but you have to be sure not to have the gate too straight . You have to have some bends -LRB- angles -RRB- in it to keep it sturdy . I have triplet daughters and have used this gate with two extensions added to it for 3 years now and have not had any trouble with it whatsoever and the gate is still as good as the day we bought it . Highly recommend this gate to anyone , it 's worth every penny !
 This is nice to have for open living rooms I just wish it would stay a little better on the wall . I feel like every time I open it I 'm going to break the wall .
 Hard to find a gate that my 5 year old can open easily but my mechanical minded 1 year old can not . Fantastic gate ! We use it to block off half of their shared room so that the 5 year old can have her own private space with her little choak hazard toys . Love the way it spans easily across the room . Was easy to set up .
 Very happy with the Configure Gate and these extensions . Went together quite easily . Sturdy construction . I recommend it highly .
 I used one of these 24 inch extensions to cover a 90 inch space . The Kidco configure gate contains three 24 inch pieces -LRB- i.e. 72 inches total -RRB- , so if you need extra length , you can purchase 8 or 24 inch extensions to customize your gate to any length . The extension was easy to use and is very sturdy . The gate looks uniformed and you can not tell it is several separate pieces . The only ` issue ' is you have to connect the extensions to either the section w/the door -LRB- i.e. 24 inch section with the open/close swing door -RRB- or use it as an end piece . I was not able to continously connect extensions to one another -LRB- not sure if I did this incorrectly or not . -RRB- But nonetheless , the extension worked fine and I love my new gate !
 This is a perfect solution when you have a large space and need to confine pets or small children . By adding the extension pieces , you can easily expand it 's size . An added bonus is you do n't need to mount the gate to a wall ! Also , it 's heavy enough to safely confine and light enough to move .
 Bought this gate to keep a small dog in a room . The entry area is not symmetrical and the gate was configurable to fit perfectly . Works well , looks good and feels solid . Highly recommend for this use .
 We bought two different kinds of Gates for our living room area . We bought the Kidco Configure gate and the Kidco Elongate.The elongate was to cover an area of 84 '' . The elongate can only go straight across and opening . It 's extension are screwed together and have an overlap . So the gate is not actually straight across . We are very disappointed in this purchase and wished we had bought two Configure gates . Took us some time to screw the extension in and then to screw the supports in and then to mark it on the wall . Took us over an hour.The Configure gate is on the pricey side . We almost did not buy it . But it has two different size extension pieces and you can bend and configure it to the space you need . We use it at the bottom of our stairs and it bows out to give you an area so that the gate is not up against the stairs.It was so easy to add the extension piece on . You just snap out the pole and add the extension piece . You can bend the gate different ways to fit in the opening.To Mount on the wall you just mark the screw holes and screw in the plate then snap the gate on . It was mounted on the wall in less then 20 minutes . It was very sturdy.I highly recommend this gate .
 These gates are a life saver ! They are very sturdy and adjustable . Now I no longer have to worry about our little boy near the stairs . Definitely worth every penny !
 This gate definitely met my expectations . As we are temporarily living with my parents , our baby 's room is in the living room . I needed a gate that would safely section off the 12 feet between the two walls . This gate -LRB- with extensions -RRB- spans the room and seems very secure to contain our crawling/climbing 8 month old .
 I recently ordered this extension for our configure gate . It came within a few days of ordering . I opened it , followed the easy to understand directions , and had the gate modified and operational in about 15 minutes.Thanks for the easy online experience .
 This is a standard extention . It seems like nothing special . In a way that is really fantastic . It was purchaced for a gate that was over a year old . It matches perfectly which means the paint code , finish , size and means of attachment have remained the same . So it fit perfectly as you would expect when you purchase an extension for a gate system . It was needed because we moved and the distance to span increased . This will not change your life unless you have a kid that wants to go some place you do not want them to go .
 My son gets into everything and anything . This gate system is excellent . It allows you to have baby in hand and open/close the gate . It automatically closes so if you have forgetful people in your house you do n't have to keep checking . These stand the test of time and lots of use . Totally worth it .
 Just make sure you follow the installation instructions . It has been moved around and held up extremely well . Just got installed again to keep our next ` crawler ' contained . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 We have @ 7 extensions but only use 4 of them at the moment . They are VERY easy to install . We have used the gate and extensions to gate off what used to be our living room . Our gate system -LRB- with extensiosn -RRB- is very sturdy and holds up to our twin 1 year olds.I recommend the complete system and would buy again if needed .
 We bought this to prevent our 1-year-old from `` exploring '' the gas fireplace . We purchased one extra insert to fit the space , and the thing works beautifully . It 's sturdy , the slots are close enough together that one ca n't fit their hands too far through them , and the closing mechanism is hard for even an adult to open/close . The only thing we did n't use are the bolts that attach the extreme edges to the walls .
 We got this gate for our two staircase 's , which are side by side . This is the only gate I found that can be used for our situation . Our stairs did n't have the full wall on both sides , so it was a struggle to find any gates that worked.We had to get 2 extensions , but this has worked out really well for us and I think it is totally worth the price . We have had it installed for two months now and love it . It wraps around both of our staircases and is very easy to get in and out of using the door .
 I got many , many compliments on my son 's room . This border was the perfect way to trasition the wall color from construction yellow on top to denim blue on the bottom . Makes the room cozy and colorful ! It was easy to apply and has been up for 1.5 years now .
 This is one of my favorite gifts to buy new moms ... they 'll get more use out of this gift than just about anything I can think of ! Not only is it easy to use , it 's dishwasher safe , it can fit just about anywhere , you can store anything in it , the colors are bright and kids like to play with them . I think it 's also economical and enviornmentaly friendly since ziplock baggies are so expensive you 'll end up saving a lot of money by using the snap apart dish . The best part is that these hold up really well while keeping your snacks/food fresh ... I just love these !!!
 This dish is the best - especially if your child will be with a sitter at all . You can prepare meals with a hot dish and cold fruit that can be kept seperate during heating . I am getting several more for our second baby .
 I love this product because it makes packed lunches so organized & easy . I labeled each part with my label maker to help find any lost pieces . I also like that the food items are not mashed , and my child did not finish it still looks good enough to eat when I pick him up .
 I love this product . I get more use out of it now than even before . Assembled , the Tumble Mates fit perfectly in my twins ' lunch boxes for preschool , with room to spare for a juice box and extra snacks . The sections break apart for heating separately -- perfect for when I pack them chicken nuggets , hot dogs , or fish sticks
 I love using this dish when we go out to dinner . It saves me from taking multiple jars of baby food and dealing with each individual jar . I just put it all in the separate compartments , snap it together and throw in diaper bag . Because it 's all separate lids it does n't get slooshed together in the diaper bag . It 's great clean up too in the dishwasher .
 This is a great product and has tight fitting lids . It is also dishwasher safe and microwaveable . This vendor also ships to APO addresses - thank you .
 This dish is great for those parents that are on the go and need to take baby 's meal with them . The snap on cover is good and it 's all dishwasher safe .
 I used to use Monistat powder , but that item was discontinued due to high costs.This product has similar formula that works for me and not heavy baby powder scented.The unfortunate thing is this product is not on any store shelves ! So I had to orderon-line .
 The item I ordered was correct in the Amazon.com ad , so I ordered multiple bottles . I have recently been having significant difficulty finding this particular version . The box arrived quickly and well packaged . I opened the box and there were 8 bottles of the wrong item . Drugstore.com and Amazon.com both reacted quickly - I received a Credit immediately and Prepaid Return Label the very next day . That 's Customer Service ! I received an email explaining that the Amazon Ad was wrong and Drugstore.com did not carry the item I wanted . I WILL continue to buy on Amazon.com !
 I purchased this bag for myself after my wife bought a different `` girly '' diaper bag . We both loved it so much that she decided to steal this one from me and it is now the only one that we use . The bag is very functional and roomy , and the accesible wipe holder is great !
 This is a great diaper bag that does n't look like a diaper bag . It 's the perfect size for a day-long outing . I can fill it with a couple of receiving blankets , a few outfits for the baby , some diapers , wipes , milk , and some other odds and ends . The plastic wipe compartment seems pretty cheap and can be a pain to open and close . It is nice having access to the wipes from the outside of the bag though . I wish it had an insulated compartment for keeping ice packs and milk . I think a regular messenger bag of the same size could serve the same function as this DadGear bag but I still highly recommend this .
 This is a sex neutral bag for carrying baby 's gear . It is very subtle and has lots of organizational features .
 Iam a single dad and really find this diaper bag to not look like the typical diaper bag on the outside but on the inside has all the space and pockets needed for everything . It is so stylish . I get lots of comments when iam out with my son .
 Our son has n't been born yet , so I have n't had a chance to use it , but have had to contact customer support . My bag was shipped with the lid missing from the baby wipe dispenser , I called the company to order one , and they sent me a few entire baby wipe dispensers . I would definitely deal with this company again , but based on my initial impression of the quality of the bag , I wo n't have a chance to .
 first time parents . we like it . lots of compartments and works well . we like the wipe thing and that is why we bought it . not disappointed at all and no complaints .
 I really like this bag , I just have a problem with its color . I ordered red one and it looks orange to me . I do n't know if they accidentally sent orange one instead of red or maybe it 's just a weird shade of red ?? But we will definitely keep it . It 's simple and big enough for all the baby stuff . Plus my husband likes it .
 My husband LOVES this bag because it does n't look like the typical diaper bag.It 's really spacious , the pockets has the perfect size , the bottle 's pocket has an external zipper to pull out only the bottle , this is really helpful.We really love this bag but my husband carries all the time because it 's a little big to me -LRB- I 'm small size -RRB- .
 Great . Got this for a friend for her shower . She is excited to use this when the new baby comes
 My husband & I chose this diaper bag because it 's not cutesy or girly , and he would n't feel silly carrying it . It 's good quality and looks very easy to wipe clean -LRB- our baby 's still 3 wks out -RRB- . It 's got nice space without being huge & a built-in , refillable wipes-holder . We did decide , though , that this would be his exclusive diaper bag , because even empty it 's surprisingly heavy ! My husband has no problem with the weight , and really likes it -LRB- it IS called `` DadGear '' -RRB- , so I still recommend it , but filled up I think it could be a pain for new mothers to haul around .
 This bag has been great . The size and light weight is perfect for a days worth of gear . The little plastic clips on ribbons on both sides of the bag are great for keeping an extra pacifier handy . The changing pad seems a little thin , so I use an Ah Goo Baby pad . It rolls up and fits perfectly in one of the end pockets . The pockets are all internal so the profile is not bulky . The orange color is attractive . The best feature is the box for wipes . It is built into the bag , so it does n't move when you pull out a wipe . It never gets lost and is easily accessible during a diaper change .
 This bag does n't have all of the bells and whistles that many of the larger bags have , but we wanted a smaller , simpler starter bag for shorter trips/outings , and this will certainly fit the bill . I really hated having an oversized bag with my older daughter for shorter trips . It was just huge and cumbersome and absolutely unnecessary . So , we knew we 'd eventually want two bags , one for quick trips and another one from when we 're doing major trips -LRB- like road trips , or flying out of town , etc. -RRB- . This bag will be great for the day-to-day , shorter trips and errands . There 's lots of pockets/storage , and we especially like the fact that it does n't look like other typical diaper bags , and the bright color is awesome and fun . Once our twin daughters are bigger and we need to worry about packing more stuff -LRB- larger clothes , bottles , snacks , larger/more toys , etc. -RRB- we 'll consider a bigger bag . However , for the first several months , this will work great . Part of why I chose this bag is that I 'm interested in the larger backpack bag from this brand , so I figured getting the cheaper , smaller one might be a good way to see how we liked the durability and organization of this bag before investing in the more expensive bigger one . So far , we 're please with this purchase .
 love the bag , especially since it 's over the shoulder . i 've seen too many peeps with regular shoulder bags sliding down their arm while trying to hold a car seat or baby . it has a lot of compartments to keep stuff organized and still have enough space in the big pocket for formula and diapers.i have to stop using the wipe holder tho . it has always been so hard to open , i took skin off my finger today trying to open it . and it 's very hard to fill the wipe holder too . i have n't found a way to actually remove the holder , so i 'll probably just take the back off -LRB- so there 's not a giant hole in my bag -RRB- and use a regular wipe holder inside the bag .
 I purchased this for my brother and he could n't be happier.Good storage , easy to carry . I definitely recommend .
 I really love this diaper bag which I initially bought to use as the only diaper bag for us when we go out . It 's a great color -LRB- true to picture -RRB- and has some very nifty features , with the wipes case on the front being one of the handiest . It also has stroller clips which we use constantly and the 2 side pockets for bottles -LRB- we use them for sippy cups -RRB- are fantastic and have easy access from the exterior . The inside is super roomy and has plenty of pockets for organizing . I also like the zipped pocket on the front for quick and easy access and I did n't realize until recently but there are also two slim zippered pockets on the front panel on either side of the wipes . It 's plenty big enough to fit everything we need for a full day out . I also have to say my husband likes carrying it since it looks just like a regular messenger bag . I do have to say though that I gave up carrying it around for little trips out during the day with my kid . It became too heavy and big for that use in addition to carrying a purse with it so I got a Skip Hop bag/purse to carry for myself when I 'm alone and ditched the purse . We use this though on longer outings and when we 're together . We 've taken it on a very muddy trip and it wiped up really easily with a damp paper towel . I 'd really recommend it for long outings and for your man to carry .
 This bag was for my boyfriend because we decided we each wanted our own diaper bag . So far , we have been using only his , since we 've been going everywhere together . Our son is now 10 days old , so the bag is still pretty new to us . However , it seems to be pretty great . Probably the best thing about it is that it really does n't look like a diaper bag . It just looks like a typical messenger bag that a guy would take to work or something . It has plenty of room for the things we need , and I like the separate zippered compartments on each end for bottles , drinks , etc. . I use them to bring a drink for myself . The only negatives I have found are that the velcro is really loud when you want to open the bag , and the changing pad is pretty small.UPDATE
 We have had our DadGear bag almost a year now , and its still the bag we use the most . Having the built in diaper wipes is my favorite feature . I also love all the little compartments that help me keep organized . I can keep enough diapers in here for a day trip with my 1 year old and 2 year old , with extra clothes for each , sippy cups and snack . Plus I have the zipper compartment for soiled clothes so nothing else gets yucky . Also , being able to use the built in straps to attach is to our stroller is great , and even with smaller umbrella strollers , the weight of the bag does n't pull them down . Do n't hesitate to buy this bag . I will never use another .
 We found the Dad Gear Diaper Bag on their website and it is versatile enough to be perfect for our needs . It was a great price on Amazon and arrived really promptly in the mail . The simplicity of the exteranl design and the innovative pockets and spaces for all the various accoutrements of baby-ness inside the bag have made it a hit with both myself and my partner . And it clips really easily onto our jogging stroller , to give a real hands-free outing . Great !
 This product is everything we hoped for . We wanted a product that would give us plenty of space , is durable , and would be easy to carry . It has lived up to its expectations quite nicely .
 Can any diaper bag really be manly ? Well this one comes pretty close without going over the top with say skulls and flames on it . Good amount of storage and fairly user friendly . Changing pad it comes with is a bit flimsy but I just toss in a waterproof pad in there to use with it . Wipes container is a good feature too . Wife sometimes grabs mine over her larger Coach diaper bag . -LRB- Which may not be that good of a thing as I shelled out some serious cash for it for her lol -RRB-
 This bag is perfect for us . It 's just our style . It can be a little tight at times , but we tend to be light packers . We cloth diaper , so that takes up a lot of space on day trips , but we breast feed as well so we do n't have bottles and formula taking up space either .
 A&D ; is best diaper cream ever . If baby has diaper rash , cream will get rid of it in day or so.Shipping on this item from this seller is way too expensive .
 Love the scent not like the original . . ewwww , great product clears up diaper rash/irratation quickly , I keep this in the house although my girls are 4 & 8 and well out of pampers , when they are on antibodics and body not acting right -LRB- you know what I mean -RRB- this comes in handy , put some on them so they do n't become soar works like a charm and no smell of cod liver oil , so in love with creamy formula .
 The effective lotions are messy . The clean , sweet ones are ineffective.Until now . I love this cream because it has effective ingredients AND does not slop up my sleeves . Smear it on with your hands , and the stuff wipes off . Plain zinc lotion keeps smearing everything you touch for an hour , but this is a well-judged combination of effective ingredients and useful attributes/I recommend it for dry skin . Alligator hands . Cracked feet . You know what I mean .
 Excellent product . I had used the one with alhoe vera in it and tried to find it at my local drugstores with no luck . Pleased to find it online .
 This is the greatest product . They stick to every restaurant table I have ever secured them to , are lightweight , easy to pack and fun for my daughter to look at . Every time I pull one out of the diaper bag she says `` Elmo , Elmo , Elmo '' . They keep the germs away from her and the clean up is so simple . I would n't do without them , they are great .
 These are perfect for my one year old who insists on feeding himself . Whenever we are out at a restaurant I just grab one from the diaper bag and stick it to the table . Who knows what they wipe those tables with ?! This is a safer and more sanitary surface for your little ones to eat on !
 This is one of the best products on the market !! They keep my 1 year old occupied at the dinner table -LRB- he loves looking at the pictures of the Sesame Street Characters -RRB- and I love the fact that he is n't eating directly off of a restaurant table . I keep them in my diaper bag so they are always available . They are super easy to attach and stay in place . Finally a baby product that is useful , practicle , and reasonably priced !!
 We used these when our son was littler , and now I 'm buying them for a friend . They making eating out much more manageable by providing a clean surface from which baby can eat . My only complaint is that the sticky-tape that holds the mat down is only on the top and bottom -- which means that baby can grab the sides and rip the mat off of the table . If I were the manufacturer , I 'd improve the product by putting the sticky-tape on all four sides . Regardless , this is still a great product and I wish I 'd thought of it first .
 Great product if you spend a lot of time out of the house - eating out , shopping or just not feeding your baby home all the time.Almost germ free way to feed your baby anywhere and then just have it disposed of and go .
 Love these . I use them everywhere . I really ca n't imagine not having them , since my son throws down all plates and napkins still .
 These placemats are perfect for a toddler who loves to dump food out and spread it out on the table , especially for when you 're out in public places . They stick onto anything and have fun things for kids to look at -LRB- my son is obsessed with anything Sesame Street - esp Elmo - so he loves staring at the placemat -RRB- . They 're easy to fit into any purse , diaper bag , pocket so they 're always accessible .
 I have been giving my son finger foods now for the last few months and these disposable mats are very handy while eating out . I take the end of the mat sitting towards my child and wrap the edge of the table-sticking the mat on the bottom side of the table . That way the child has the front table area covered by the mat and the edge of the table . My son likes to chew on the table edge and this allows him to have a clean area to do so . The only reason I did n't rate this a 5 star is that I found another brand that has sticky on all four sides . These only has the sticky tape at the top and bottom edge . I found that my son likes to try to pull the mats off the table if all the edges are n't glued down . These mats are less expensive than the four sided version . That is a plus as all we do is use them for a few minutes and throw them away .
 These are a must have !!! I use these at restaurants , and my son loves them . Each placemat has 2 adhesive strips to securely hold it to the table , and it peels off easily when you are finished . -LRB- The stickiness of the adhesive is similar to that of a post-it note , so it does n't leave any residue -RRB- . It assures a clean eating area , and my son enjoys looking at the sesame street characters on it . Every parent should have these in their diaper bag .
 This is great for dinning out with a child . Not only does it keep my child from placing/picking up food from germy restaurant tables , but it also is covered with her favorite characters . The adhesive is great because the place mat stays in place even if she slides a plate or tries to pull it .
 These disposable placemats are great . I wo n't travel without them . My baby is now eating solid foods by himself , so these placemats are great because they create a clean surface to put his food on . They really stick well . I try to take them off wood tables carefully , though , because sometimes they appear to take some of the varnish off .
 We used these on vacation with both our boys -LRB- 1 and 4 -RRB- and it was perfect . It made clean up a breeze at restaurants and in the hotel room .
 Table Toppers are the perfect thing for when you 're eating out with kids . They will stick right to the table and provide a clean surface for your kids to eat on , and also make for easy cleanup ! I keep several in my diaper bag or purse -LRB- they 're very portable -RRB- and we use them for the donut shop , McDonalds , etc. . My kids are 2 & 4 and now the 4 year old will help put one down herself before she eats , and they both love looking at the pictures -LRB- we also have Dora ones -RRB- . Do n't leave home without them !!!!
 this product is so convenient for when we go out to eat . highly recommended .
 Love this product . It 's easy to use , easy to take along , clean up is a cinch . No worries about what 's on the table UNDER the topper . We 've had three restaurant employess -LRB- different restaurants -RRB- ask about the product for their customers with little ones .
 I guess I ca n't really say much more than the other reviewers except to say that these are really a great product that any parent with a little one who is sitting up and eating solids can not do without . They really do work and are so convenient . Just pop a few into your diaper bag or purse -LRB- I keep a couple in my car glove compartment just so I 'll never be without one when we go out -RRB- and they do n't take up any room at all . Easy to apply to tables and very easy to remove . My 15 mo. old loves Sesame St. characters so they help to hold her attention while eating , also . You really ca n't go wrong with this product .
 These Table Toppers are the greatest for your baby that is eating table foods ! You never know what those tables were cleaned with when you go to a resturant . You can stick the table topper on the table and place your child 's food on top for your child and you will KNOW that it is safe and germ free . My 4 yr old and 3 yr old also love these place mats ! I am so thankful my kids can eat without me worrying about germs !
 I would n't eat out with my 14 month old and 4 year old without taking along a Table Topper for each of them . The self-sticking tabs on the top and bottom hold them securely in place , creating a clean surface for toddlers and pre-schoolers to munch on finger foods and place their utensils without worry of restaurant-table germs . I wish I had thought of these !! They 're a great invention for families on the go !
 I finally found these items after searching at every baby retailer I could think of . They are truly a necessity for every toddler which no Mom should go without ! These toppers are so handy that I never worry over my daughter getting `` cooties '' from eating out . They also fold up very thin so you can just slip one in your bag to take with you . Clean up is really easy , just pull them off & toss .
 These are perfect for keeping in the diaper bag and putting on tables when you go out to eat .
 These table toppers are a MUST for our family when we head out to eat . We never have to worry about what disgusting bacteria is growing on the table or what plate may end up on the floor next . We put these down in front of our little ones the second that the hostess shows us to our table , the Cheerios are dumped out and we are ready to browse the menu.When the meal arrives , everything is put on the table topper ... including the mound of Ketchup that every meal seems to demand . Nothing leaks through and we do n't have to worry about it soaking up all the juices like a napkin would . When we 're finished , it rolls up neatly into a little ball and all of the `` mess '' is contained inside . Great for the waiter/waitress too !
 I use these all the time and love them , The bright color 's are eye appealing and my son like 's them to , Waitress 's alway 's thank me for using them and ask where I got them . They peel off very easy to with no sticky residue .
 I like these for eating out with my toddler , for providing a clean surface to put her finger foods and protecting her from germs on restaurant tables . I tried a rubber -LRB- non-disposable -RRB- table cover but ended up using these more because it is so convenient to just be able to throw it away when you 're done -LRB- sorry environment ! -RRB- . Two downsides -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- ... My 2-year-old is starting to figure out how to pull this off the table and thinks it 's fun to do that . And I wish they were n't covered with Sesame Street characters since my daughter does n't watch TV and I 'm trying to delay the whole `` character '' frenzy -LRB- i.e. `` I want Elmo ! '' -RRB- as long as I can .
 Neat Solutions 20-count Sesame Street Table Topper Disposable Stick-in-Place Placematsproduct is great ... stays in place & entertains my 10 month old grandson
 I loved this product for a while , but now my baby who 's just over a year pulls them off any surface and I keep having to press them back down and try to distract him from pulling them . Still preferable to the restaurant table surface though .
 These peel and stick mats are very convenient and easy to use , and much better than a dirty restaurant table . Unfortunately kids over 12 months or so often love peeling them off the table as much as they love eating off of them . If you normally drive to restaurants , I think aFisher-Price Healthy Care Booster Seat -LRB- or something similar with its own firmly attached tray -RRB- is a better option . These placemats are worthwhile when you need something ultra-portable , though .
 These are wonderful to keep in a diaper bag or in the car . They are great for dining out , and the fact that they are disposable makes them even more convenient . I also like the tiny diner placemat , although it is not disposable .
 I was very surprised to see so many bad reviews of this product . It is one of my favorite items in our nursery . I only have found one CD that skips , out of over twenty I have tried . I have only had to replace the batteries once in 3 months of continuous useage , and honestly I have never even used the nightlight . It fits on my standard sized crib , very snugly , and while the buttons are a pain to get to , I think I will appreciate that as my little one gets older . Since my little one loves music so much , it was a must have for me !
 I am shocked to read all the bad reviews this cd player is getting my daughter is exactly 21/2 years old and I received this gift for her at my baby shower , I just had my son who is now 4 months old and the cd player just quit working , but I do feel I have gotten my money 's worth , I have used it religously for the past 21/2 years everyday at least twice a day and I am now going to go out and purchase another one for my son , I just loved this cd player . But I do agree it does eat batteries I had to replace my batteries about every month and a half .
 This little cd player comes in handy in that I do n't have to put a CD player on what little table space I have . It works great to send in soft music to baby 's crib , instead of loud music from far away so she does n't play with CD player cords and it blasts through my monitor at night keeping me up . The light is really dumb , though , a candle could light more area then this . I never had it skip , and baby loves to sleep to REAL music , and not `` BABY '' twangy-tinkle music . She sleeps longer with it .
 this cd player stinks . its not very loud and the batteries die every couple of days . the batterys are also hard to change . its more trouble than its worth .
 I received this cd player as a gift . Yes , it could be made better ... but it is a CD player that hangs on the crib and has a light . It does use batteries fast , but there is a timer button on the player which allows the CDs to play for only 15 minutes . Usually my daughter is out by the second song . So I can even go back in and turn it off . I love the light for checking on her in the night . This is awesome ... and is a great gift !
 THE CRIB CD PLAYER IS VERSITILE IN THE SENSE THAT I CAN PUT IT ON MY BABIES BASINNETT OR CRIB . I 'M ABLE TO PLAY MY BABIES LALABY CD 'S IN IT .
 I registered for this when I had my baby 2 years ago and recieved it as a gift . I 'm very surprised at all the negative reviews it is getting . We have loved ours and have had no problems . I have even accidently dropped it onto the hardwood floors a few times and it did n't affect it at all . It plays well , no skipping ... The battery compartment is in a strange place but we do n't put the screw back in , we leave it loose and put the back of the clip back on which completely covers it up . I loved it so much I recommended my sister get one when she was preganant and as far as I know , they love theirs too . Maybe only 1 in 20 actually work right !!!
 Grandson loves this CD player . Fits on crib perfect . Sounds great . He loves his music .
 I do n't know why anyone would not rate this product 5 stars . It is absolutely , postively the best product I 've gotten as a shower gift . The volume is perfect whether you choose to have it low or high . It 's portable -- goes on the crib , pack-n-play , and we even put it on our bed if he falls asleep there . I use all kinds of music from white noise to lullibyes . And it does n't eat batteries like I thought it would . I change batteries maybe once a week or less depending on how often I use it . Do not listen to the negative reviews . This product is TRUELY the BEST !!!!!!!!
 I had to have this . I did n't think at the time that I could get more bang for my buck just by buying a regular cd player . The batteries die too quickly , the volume is too low and for the money , you can just do better . I purchased a bright , colorful cd player with a lot more features for a third less and I get lots more out of it . Spend your money better than this !
 I think this CD player works as well as anyone can expect . It fit on our crib fine and I do n't find that it skips a lot unless it 's seriously knocked into which rarely happens . It does eat up batteries but that 's ok because my son seems to love it and that is worth it !
 We bought this cd player a couple of weeks ago and we LOVE it ! We havent had to change the batteries yet -LRB- we play it about every other day -RRB- The sound quality is appropriate for what the product is . We werent looking for Bose quality in an infants cd player . The cd does skip if you bump it but thats to be expected . I think the light is perfect it is enough to see the baby but not enough to disturb the baby ! Great product I will purchase one for my next friend who has a baby !
 I had this on my registry and am so glad to have gotten it . We took it to the hospital with us for delivery - nice and portable . I like that it uses batteries since my little house has a limited number of plugs and most are used for other things . Eliminating the cord also means one less thing we have to baby-proof as she starts crawling . The light is just bright enough to see baby as she sleeps and the blue color does n't hurt her eyes like yellow light can . I love that it shuts off after going through the entire CD rather than being on a timer , and clipping to the side of the crib means more space on tables and shelves . I read the review about this player using batteries , but sometimes the type of rechargeable battery used can make a difference in how long they last . Perhaps the batteries were bad .
 I got this as a gift for my daughter , and she loves it . I put it on to her classical music cd 's and she goes fast asleep . It does skip every now and then , but over all , its a good product !
 I love this CD player . It is so convenient , but it eats batteries like crazy . My twins are two months old . I use good quality name brand batteries and I 've had to replace them twice already . I play mine almost every night , but I do n't use the timer feature , which would extend the life of the batteries I 'm sure , but I want to make sure my babies fall asleep and stay asleep as long as possible . Mine plays the CD once and then turns off which is great . The only bad thing is that the `` play/pause '' button is right next to the `` stop '' button and sometimes in the middle of a sleepness night it 's hard to tell which is which . One night I thought I pushed the `` stop '' button but it turned out it was just on `` pause '' and the next morning the CD was still spinning , which I assume did n't help the battery consumption either . All in all a great product . The sound quality is pretty good .
 My daughter is now 7 weeks old and we use this player regularly when we put her down to sleep . The light is also helpful when checking her at night and putting her pacifyer back in . This player , and the baby einstein CDs guarentee she is asleep in about 20 minutes after a feeding ... a must have for new parents . We have only had it for a few weeks now , and it seems to be working well . Its also portable , so when we travel we can take it with use easily .
 I had this on my registry and am so glad to have gotten it . We took it to the hospital with us for delivery - nice and portable . I like that it uses batteries since my little house has a limited number of plugs and most are used for other things . Eliminating the cord also means one less thing we have to baby-proof as she starts crawling . The light is just bright enough to see baby as she sleeps and the blue color does n't hurt her eyes like yellow light can . I love that it shuts off after going through the entire CD rather than being on a timer , and clipping to the side of the crib means more space on tables and shelves . I read the review about this player using batteries , but sometimes the type of rechargeable battery used can make a difference in how long they last . Perhaps the batteries were bad .
 I am really impressed with how much my baby likes music . I did n't realize it until I got the CD player as a gift and started using it . I used to listen to music a lot when I was pregnant . My baby stops fussing and simply falls asleep when I turn on the soft music . It 's great to have it right there attached to the crib but my favorite part is the timer setting . It allows me to actually fall asleep knowing it will automatically turn off .
 This player is fairly durable and works well under most conditions . I usually turn it on when I lay my daughter down and use the light timer . With Solitudes playing and the light shining down , she 's out very quickly . Others seem to have problems with batteries , but I 'm working on a month with the same batteries . Maybe if you buy decent batteries they actually last.This play is good for the price .
 This CD player is wonderful . My son loves to listen to his Raffi CD and look up at his mobile . This is the only crib accessory that does n't require me to restart it every 5 minutes . I have had no quality issues with this product .
 I received this as a gift when my first child was born , and it was the best thing ever . We only used the cd function not the light function . It 's great because it shuts off by itself , plays at a low volume -LRB- to lull the baby to sleep -RRB- , attaches to the edge of the crib , and it 's small and very portable . We travelled a lot with our first child , and he hated the pack and play , so we bought him a sleeping bag and let him sleep on the floor ... weird ... but he loves it ! We rolled the cd player up inside the sleeping bag and took it with us wherever we went . It helped us keep his bedtime routine in tact even though we were n't in our house/his room . We 're about to have child number 2 and I 'm going to buy another one b/c the first one just died -LRB- dad dropped it on the driveway one too many times -RRB- . Would n't trade it for the world !
 I am surprised by the strong negative responses to this item . I have received it as a baby shower gift and never had any problems with it . My son is now almost 3 and we still use it . -LRB- granted , it had to be moved to a shelf -RRB- Firstly about the battery compartment
 Whether it was on the registry or not , I 've purchased this for many of my friends and they all love it . I also include a lullabye CD and it makes a great gift .
 This was the best $ 50 ever spent!I got the CD player a few weeks after my daughter came home from the hospital -LRB- she was 3 months premature -RRB- . We 've been using it every night for the past 11 months . It hooked right onto the side of her bassinet and then her crib . She loves listening to her Lullaby 's . I have never had to rock her to sleep , I just lay her down , turn her CD player on , and leave the room.We 've never had a problem with it sucking batteries , but we do n't use the light and I always use the timer for the CD player since the baby falls asleep in a few minutes anyway.I do n't know what we would have ever done without it .
 I absolutly love this cd player . It was perfect when my husband and I got to room in with our son while he was in the NICU . It attaches to everything perfectly , his hospital crib , his bassinet , and his crib at home . I love the fact that the music does not play to loud . It is perfect for putting him to sleep . When I get up in the middle of the night to feed him , I just turn it back on . The light is great too because it is bright enough to see that he is okay . We have not had any problems with skipping or poor quality of sound . I would definetly recommend this product !
 I am shocked at all of the bad reviews that this CD Player is getting . I did not register for this item , but someone purchased it for me anyway . I almost returned it because of all of the bad reviews that it got , but I thought I 'd give it a try . I 'm happy to say that my 5 month old has been using it since birth for almost all of his naps -LRB- 3-4 a day -RRB- & sometimes twice a nap so that I can keep him slumbering ! It plays for at least 1/2 hour each nap & I 've only changed the batteries 3 times . That 's pretty good if you ask me ... how long do you expect that batteries last ?!?! As far as the volume , I sometimes find that I have to put it down very low because I do n't want it too loud for sleeping ... I do n't think children should feel like they 're at a live concert when trying to doze off . At any rate , my baby has developed GREAT sleep habits , and I feel I owe a lot of that to the peace this little CD player provides . Yes it is a little pricy , but my son has a small room , and a CD player on a dresser would take from space that is already lacking . The only comment I can agree with is that it is a bit difficult to open the CD compartment , but I rarely change the CD so it 's not really a problem for us . Also , I think they make it a little more difficult so that little prying hands ca n't get to the CD when they 're able to stand . The light is dim , but I did n't intend to use the product for that feature anyway . I recommend that every parent gives this product a try ... I 'm glad I did !!
 We are nicely satisfied with this CD player . I think it 's priced a little high , but the quality certainly meets our needs . We play lullabye CDs on this CD player , so our needs and expectations are minimal . One would surely get better sound quality from a $ 50 CD player , but this one is so handy for using on the crib . It 's certainly an * extra * -- not a required item but a nice luxury . If you like the concept but do n't want to drop $ 50 on this , you might go with a CD player alarm clock instead , but that obviously would n't attach to the crib like this handy little thing .
 I have no complaints as of yet . My five month old has been using it since he was born and is soothed right to sleep every night . The night light is not an issue in fact I forget it 's even there . The child proof latch is perfect and easy to open . I rarely close it though . I do wish it came with a list of other baby CDs to order . But my son still seems to enjoy the classic music it comes with . The price was high but I 'm sure I 'll get my $ $ $ worth .
 I got this cd player because I had such a hard time finding lullibies on tape . I had read the other comments but thought I would give it a try anyway.Bad points - It DOES skip when its hit , so do n't hit it . The light IS dim , so what ? I want the kids to sleep not see what to get into ! The music IS low even on the highest setting , but then again the whole house is n't listening to it.Good points - It plays the whole CD then shuts itself off . -LRB- At least mine does ! -RRB- It uses CDs which can be found ANYWHERE . Its small enough that I can put it on the wall side of my crib and I know my other children CA N'T play with it !! The buttons are a pain to get to , but thats GREAT where kids are concerned , right ?? As for the batteries , I 've had mine a few weeks , play it EVERY night and have yet to replace the batteries.I happen to really like mine . Give it a try , save your receipt and make up your own mind .
 This is a great way to muffle outside sound . I live in an apartment building and with people above and below there are always sudden noises coming about . I simply play some music by my daughters crib so that she has a steady strem of sound rather than a sudden banging of a door where she used to wake up crying .
 I have used this CD player every night since the day my son was born - he 's 2 years now . For the first few weeks I had it attached to his bassinet and the light was fine . The light was n't too bright that it would wake the baby or too dim so you could n't see him/her . Then when we moved him into his crib , we attached it to that . I do agree with the one reader that if you do not have thin rails on your crib , it wo n't attach . We could only attach it on either end of the crib -LRB- side rails were too wide -RRB- but it left marks on our crib so I just lay the CD next to his crib . We even take it on trips w / us . The only down fall is that it does eat up batteries . I usually have to replace them about every 2-3 weeks -LRB- and we use it every night -RRB- . We are expecting our second child in April 2004 and I plan on purchasing another one for this child .
 My sister used this with her boys and gave it me for my daughter . Obviously it has held up well for 3 kids . So far we really have n't had any major problems with it . Yes , it is hard to remove the cd 's , but that 's probably a good thing considering my 19 month old knows how to turn the thing on and off by herself . If it was easy to open , who knows what she would do with the cd ! The thing does skip if it 's moved a lot , but since it hooks to the crib , there really is n't a need to move it once you turn it on . My main complaint is it does go through batteries a lot , but ours gets played at least twice a day . I love the fact that it shuts off when it is over . I also like that my daughter can turn the thing on herself if she feels the need . I think the volume control is great - I play it louder during the day when there is more noise and softer at night . Overall , it 's been great . The back cover is difficult to remove and I recently broke one of the clips trying to pull it off , but it still works fine .
 This has been a tremendous tool for putting my 18-month old to sleep . It 's turned an every-night marathon , sometimes 11/2 -2 hours , of putting her to sleep , into a relaxing 15-20 minutes . Happy Baby makes for happy Mama ! The volume is soft , even at its max setting , but I find one of the soft-to-mid volume settings just perfect for bed time . I wholehearted recommend this for anyone with a toddler who is sleep challenged !
 We love this product . Being able to change the music our son listens to every nite is such a nice option - and we do n't have to listen to the same lullaby 's all the time -LRB- if at all -RRB- . The light is dim , but as a few others noted , who wants a bright light ? The baby is trying to sleep!It 's enough light to see him if I peek in and it 's still on.I feel the volume is plenty loud enough . It is a crib cd player , not a house cd player . It 's plenty loud enough for his tiny nursery , and i 've never turned it all the way up.I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 for the battery issue - it eats batteries worse than any other toy he has - including the swing which we use much more often.I thought that was strange , and if it does take that much power , it should come with rechargable batteries.Maybe the next model : -RRB- overall we 're very pleased though .
 I really like this CD player . I do not understand why it has such a low review . * Yes the light is dim but I did not want a bright light . It is a nightlite . It is just fine . I can check on baby and see him fine . * The volume does not get very loud but for what this is designed for it is fine . I put in a lullaby CD and he drifts off to sleep . * The timer function if great . * The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is that I wish the digital readout and the buttons lite up . It is hard to see in the dark and I do not like to turn on the light to see the buttons and digital read out . Maybe in the next version the manufacture will include this . * As far as the CD 's ckipping when hit , I solved that by sliding a piece of foam between the play and the rails of the crib . No there is no space to move at all and it does not skip . *** It is not perfect but it does the trick ! ***
 I agree with others that this is great because it is child-proof and I do n't have to worry about baby handling it . I love being able to just pop in a cd and know that it automatically shuts off on its own .
 I really like that I can have a cd player right in the crib and it 's easily accessible . I do n't have to worry about having another big cd player in my daughter 's room taking up space , this fits just perfectly . I highly recommend this product if you have a grumpy sleeper who needs soothing with music .
 I love my cd player . My baby uses it every time she goes to sleep ... at night and for naps . I like it cause it shuts off itself . I gave it 4 stars cause I wish it would play louder , ... but it truly is worth buying !
 I have had this product for almost 3 years and it is still going strong . I have nothing negative to say about it . The volume is adjustable and can be quite loud if turned up all the way . No pieces are easy to break off . It fit on my daughter 's home crib and travel crib as well as other furniture like her changing table . It is easy to use and the battery life seems pretty decent to me , with daily use I change the batteries roughly every 6 weeks or so . I have used it nearly every night for almost 3 years and it works as perfectly as it did on day one .
 Even tho these crib CD players were manufactured quite a while ago , they are still available ; I bought mine at a Goodwill store . It was wonderful when our grandchildren were in cribs , but they still enjoy it when they come to spend the night . I guess it never occurred to me that an infant would need stereo sound . The volume level is sufficient for an child , since the idea is to lull the baby to sleep and not to ruin the child 's eardrums . The nightlight is just enough for a child to feel safe , and yet not bright enough to keep him/her awake . Yes , it is difficult to replace the batteries but as any grandparent can tell you , if something is hard to open , give it to a child . I would n't want it to be easier , for safety reasons . Our 6 yr old granddaughter is staying the night and is thrilled that I found the missing CD player which I can hook onto a standard headboard .
 It is a perfect fit for the crib and safe from the baby getting to it . The shipment was sent immediately and packed very carefully .
 I love this product I use it for my 9 month old , I also used it for my 5 year old when she was a baby . I put different cd 's in and it attaches right to the crib and it 's perfect to get the little one to sleep . It also has a night light attached which is a great addition . I would definitely recommend this product .
 My husband and I wanted to buy this for our kids to play the lullabye CDs people had given as baby gifts , but we could n't justify paying $ 50 . I happened to find a used one at a rummage sale for a dollar ! Much more reasonable.PROS
 OK , I agree it could be louder and yes it does eat through batteries -LRB- approx 2 C 's a week -RRB- That aside , my daughter -LRB- 3 months -RRB- absolutely loves going to sleep with music . It has become a nightime ritual for dad and daughter and I would not trade it for anything.I suggest rechargable batteries !!!
 I got this product as a shower gift . I have used it on and off for 3 months and I have n't had to change batteries . I do n't use the night light so I do n't care how dim it is . I also like the fact that its quiet . My child kicked it the other night and the cd skipped , but it did n't scratch and it kept playing . I love that it turns off after the cd ends and that I can choose the type of music that my baby listens to . Great product !
 I have twin boys and a small nursery . There is n't much place to put a boombox but on the floor . After weeks of tripping over the boombox - and after one of my sons learned how to open the CD part of it - I finally decided to get this little CD player . It is * perfect * for what I need it for.I love that : - it clips to the crib - it shuts off after the CD is through -LRB- or can be programmed for an amount of time to play -RRB- - it has a little light -LRB- that shuts off after 5 minutes -RRB- - it can not be opened by a baby - it is small and unobtrusive - it is white and therefore blends in with my nursery -LRB- my boombox is black and all the other options I looked at were either black or some sort of bright/garish color -RRB- I do n't have any problem at all with
 I got this cd player because I had such a hard time finding lullibies on tape . I had read the other comments but thought I would give it a try anyway.Bad points - It DOES skip when its hit , so do n't hit it . The light IS dim , so what ? I want the kids to sleep not see what to get into ! The music IS low even on the highest setting , but then again the whole house is n't listening to it.Good points - It plays the whole CD then shuts itself off . -LRB- At least mine does ! -RRB- It uses CDs which can be found ANYWHERE . Its small enough that I can put it on the wall side of my crib and I know my other children CA N'T play with it !! The buttons are a pain to get to , but thats GREAT where kids are concerned , right ?? As for the batteries , I 've had mine a few weeks , play it EVERY night and have yet to replace the batteries.I happen to really like mine . Give it a try , save your receipt and make up your own mind .
 I got this at my baby shower and I thought it was the greatest thing going , until I acttually tried it . It is horrible !!! The batteries seem to last about 10 minutes the sound is so low that you can barley hear it . Do n't waste your money !!!
 Great cd player . My son loves it and ca n't get to sleep without it . We use it every night and have not had a problem with it eating batteries . Ours does not skip either and it is plenty loud for the baby 's crib to put him to sleep . We could not live without this player to help put our son to sleep . I highly recommend at least trying this player before making up your mind .
 I really love this player ; the light is just right for a baby ; the sound is very good ; I can hear it playing in the baby 's room from my room at the other end of the house . My only complaint is it is hard to open but in a way that is ok too ; we do n't want the baby playing with it ! I highly recommend this item . I may have to buy another because my 8 year old uses it after the baby is asleep !
 I love the product because the cd player is child-proof and portable . The volume goes loud enough for only the child to hear the music . It is great as the child grows and they can eventually play their own cd 's . However , it is a pain to change the batteries because a screw driver is needed . I never had a problem with the cd player skipping music . I would recommend this product to any parent .
 The truth be told , yes the volume is low . It is not supposed to be a stereo system . This is a perfect thing to have for a childs crib . It shows them that music does n't have to be blareing to be enjoyable and also this product isnt supposed to be used for loud music anyway . That is why it is made for a crib !! To be soft and soothing , to lull your baby to sleep . So for those who want a stereo type system to play music in the room i would suggest that you buy just that . My baby goes to sleep more easily with the soft classical music playing . Oh ! and another beautiful option ... you can change the cd 's to whatever you want . Unlike mobiles that only play selected songs over and over and over again . As far as the batteries i have had this for 3 months and only had to change them one time and that was recent . So inconclusion i would recommend this product .
 This crib cd player is great ! We have been using it nearly every day for 16 months now and we have n't had a bit of trouble with it . It is even relatively easy on batteries ! We would recommend this to anyone who wants some nice playtime or lullaby music for their little one .
 I have bought this for several baby showers and it always seems to be a big hit .
 It is present for very low volume , even if you crank it up all the way you will barely hear it -LRB- which makes sense since it is for a baby , just wanted to let you know what to expect -RRB- . It can hold on to any normal crib or bassinet edge but it requires some vertical support or it will just rotate around the horizontal hold . In the bassinet I use the surrounding fabric to keep it mostly vertical although it does tend to rotate a little -LRB- I can live with it but you may find it annoying -RRB- . Night light is LED and good . You can not really operate with one hand , it is not tough , it just needs one to hold the unit and the other to operate . I am happy with it .
 I was so surprised to see all the bad reviews for this product.I purchased this item to play music for my daughter who was premature . She was in the NICU for over 7 weeks . 3 weeks in an enclosed isolet and the rest of the time in an open one . I wanted her to hear something more soothing than the constant sound of her heart monitor alarming and the round the clock activity that goes on in such an environment . Both of the hospitals she was in allowed these . As a matter of fact , two other moms whose babies were in the room with my daughter purchased them as well.I had no problem with skipping discs or anything else . As a matter of fact , the only problem we had was one of the nurses did n't know how to open it and broke one of the pieces . We continued to used this item at home and feel it is a great product .
 I had to write a review on this CD player because I was so surprised by all the bad reviews . We 've had it for a month now and always use the timer and still have not had to change the batteries in it . At first I was worried the volume was a little low , but when it 's night and baby is trying to sleep it 's perfect . I would definately recommend putting on your registry .
 It was a gift from my Mother-in-Law before the baby was even born . I took it to the hospital at delivery and it was a hit . My daughter loved the music and the nurses thought it was great . She is now 2 years old and still using it . The batteries last about as long as any other toy would , I use it for nap time and bedtime . The volume is perfect for bedtime -LRB- it is not meant for jamming -RRB- and I put it on the changing table to avoid the skipping . Also , I love to take it on trips . I attach it to the playpen she sleeps in and it does n't break her routine from home . Love it .
 I had this on my registry and am so glad to have gotten it . We took it to the hospital with us for delivery - nice and portable . I like that it uses batteries since my little house has a limited number of plugs and most are used for other things . Eliminating the cord also means one less thing we have to baby-proof as she starts crawling . The light is just bright enough to see baby as she sleeps and the blue color does n't hurt her eyes like yellow light can . I love that it shuts off after going through the entire CD rather than being on a timer , and clipping to the side of the crib means more space on tables and shelves . I read the review about this player using batteries , but sometimes the type of rechargeable battery used can make a difference in how long they last . Perhaps the batteries were bad .
 I had this on my registry and am so glad to have gotten it . We took it to the hospital with us for delivery - nice and portable . I like that it uses batteries since my little house has a limited number of plugs and most are used for other things . Eliminating the cord also means one less thing we have to baby-proof as she starts crawling . The light is just bright enough to see baby as she sleeps and the blue color does n't hurt her eyes like yellow light can . I love that it shuts off after going through the entire CD rather than being on a timer , and clipping to the side of the crib means more space on tables and shelves . I read the review about this player using batteries , but sometimes the type of rechargeable battery used can make a difference in how long they last . Perhaps the batteries were bad .
 I bought this for my son because we had trouble getting him to sleep . I received a lot of lullaby cd 's for my baby shower and thought this was a great idea . It works great except for the battery drainage & after the cd is over , it shuts off . But in my case , my son is already asleep by time its over.I would recommend this to my friends & family .
 My baby loves music ! So , I bought this CD player since it hangs on the crib and has automatic shut off . I 've been using it for the past six months and love it . At first , it seemed the music was too quiet , but at night when the house is quiet for bedtime , it 's the perfect level . The CD player has n't skipped and I can push a button and it 'll shut off in 15 mintues . It also has a night light that automatically shuts off . I use it every night with my baby and found that if I always use the 15 minute button , the batteries last pretty long . I have definitely used this CD player , changing CDs all the time . I would recommend it . It is rather expensive , but I 've got my money from it .
 Our son spent some time in the NICU , so this product was great for us . We were able to play soothing music at his bedside . A regular CD player was not an option . It quickly uses batteries , but it was worth it for us . We plan to donate it to the NICU after he has outgrown it .
 Despite the other ratings for this product , I absolutely love mine ! The quiet lullays play that my baby loves to fall asleep to . Perfect for in the crib .
 I love this product !! My daughter loves music and this was perfect !! The light is easy to turn on and a very subtle glow to be able to check the baby at night ! The cd player does not offer the `` stereo surround '' of a huge entertainment system , but my daughter did not care ! She danced and loved having the music playing . We played our CD Player a lot and the battery usage is not any worse than a toy with batteries that is used frequently . I never had to return it !
 I do n't know why some reviewers do n't like this product . It 's extremely convenient , and does n't eat batteries at ALL . My daughter is four months ' old , we use this every night , and still have n't had to change the batteries . The volume level is perfect for lulling her to sleep . I love that it fits right on the crib and does n't have to be plugged in with cords dangling around . It 's also safer than a regular CD player because it 's impossible for the kids to get into . Turning on Mozart every night has become part of her bedtime ritual ... I just press play , lay her down , and she goes right to sleep .
 I had this on my registry and am so glad to have gotten it . We took it to the hospital with us for delivery - nice and portable . I like that it uses batteries since my little house has a limited number of plugs and most are used for other things . Eliminating the cord also means one less thing we have to baby-proof as she starts crawling . The light is just bright enough to see baby as she sleeps and the blue color does n't hurt her eyes like yellow light can . I love that it shuts off after going through the entire CD rather than being on a timer , and clipping to the side of the crib means more space on tables and shelves . I read the review about this player using batteries , but sometimes the type of rechargeable battery used can make a difference in how long they last . Perhaps the batteries were bad .
 I just love this CD Player ! I have a premature baby in the NICU and she falls right to sleep when we have it playing . I do admit it really eats up batteries-but its a fantastic item.We have had no trouble with it skipping .
 Just with anything you buy ... I believe that there are pro 's and con 's . yes , the night light is very light but I never even need it since I have a real night light in the room . The music is just loud enough for a baby . It plays all CD 's even CDRW 's . We love having something so small and easy to acces in our baby 's room instead of a big bulky radio . My baby is 9 weeks and we play ot everyday for him . If you are looking for a great way to keep music in your baby 's life , then this CD player is the way to go !!
 Another great product by ` the first years ' !! This handly little CD player is great ! If you use the timer which plays for 15 minutes , you do n't waste your batteries at all , I 've had mine last 3 months , using it atleast once if not twice a day , before having to change the batteries , even when the battery indicator flashes , you can get another week or two out of it . The volume goes quite loud on mine , I keep it quite low infact . It plays Enya quite beautifully , the sound quality is quite good considering it 's such a small piece of equipment.A very good investment ! I certianly was n't disappointed , nor was my daughter : -RRB-
 This is wonderful . My daughter likes the sound of the ocean so I put in an ocean cd and but it on repeat . The only bad thing is I go through ALOT of batteries !!
 I 'm really surprised by all of the negative reviews . I was skeptical about this product but registered for it anyway because I could n't find anything else with such a convenient `` crib-side '' design . My daughter is almost 8 months old and we turn it on every night using the timer setting and the batteries have never run out . It 's quiet compared to normal CD players , but if we turned it up all the way it would be too loud for bedtime . I would highly recommend this product .
 I really dont agree with the other reviews on the cd player . I can hear the player on high from a good distance and really only use the player when she is going to sleep , so how high does it have to go ? I dont keep it on high as not to keep her awake , and the only issue is the light doesnt shine as bright as I thought . I keep it attached to the crib not near her head either.I dont get what the other reviewers dont get . Mine works great
 I really like this product . I was a little leary with all the negative remarks , but registered and got it anyway . I was surprised how loud the volume goes , we keep it pretty low . As for the light , if you are worried about not seeing your baby , do what we did , install a dimmer switch on the overhead light -LRB- this may be my favorite feature of my son 's bedroom -RRB- . My baby falls asleep quickly with this product , so even if it eats the batteries -LRB- I am trying to find rechargable C batteries -RRB- , it is worth it .
 I dont understand all the fuss ! I feel that this cd player is loud enough , you do n't want it blaring when you are trying to get your little one off to sleep . The only thing that I had a hard time with was opening it to put the cd in . You need to press down hard to open it . That is the only reason why I am giving it 4 stars . Also , I like that after the cd finished playing , it shuts off . You do n't have to worry about draining the battery and having the cd play over and over . I love it and my baby does too : -RRB-
 I had this on my registry and am so glad to have gotten it . We took it to the hospital with us for delivery - nice and portable . I like that it uses batteries since my little house has a limited number of plugs and most are used for other things . Eliminating the cord also means one less thing we have to baby-proof as she starts crawling . The light is just bright enough to see baby as she sleeps and the blue color does n't hurt her eyes like yellow light can . I love that it shuts off after going through the entire CD rather than being on a timer , and clipping to the side of the crib means more space on tables and shelves . I read the review about this player using batteries , but sometimes the type of rechargeable battery used can make a difference in how long they last . Perhaps the batteries were bad .
 I had read iffy reviews of this , but still wanted it , and I 'm thrilled to have it . It attaches to the crib itself , so there 's no need for a table or shelf nearby -LRB- this is New York , space is an issue ! -RRB- The sound quality is n't like the home stereo , but it 's quite good . It does eat batteries , but it can also depend on the type - do n't buy the `` good for electronics '' ones , they do n't last any longer . And if you accidentally press `` play '' twice -LRB- putting it in pause mode -RRB- or the CD has a skip , it can be spinning and running down the batteries for a long time without you knowing it . That aside , we use it for every time he goes to bed , and take it with us wherever we travel .
 This product has been a great addition to our nursery . It is one of the only products for children that plays normal CD 's . I love that it hangs on the crib since space is an issue . I do like having the option of using it on the table top so it is versitule throughout the house and as the baby grows . I also like that the controls have an optional cover for protection from curious fingers . The timer and automatic shut off are a big plus ! I agree that the night light is dim - but that is what I like about it - especially since it is so close to the child . Who wants a bright light shining in the babies face while they are tring to sleep ? I also agree that the volume seems low initially , however , when all is quiet in the house and baby is trying to sleep - a little volume goes a long way . I suppose the product would grow more with the child if the volume could be increased . My only real complaint is the speed in which the batteries wear out . I have played mine every night for 2 weeks , and although the low battery symbol is lit , it keeps playing . Rechargeable batteries with an optional cord would be a nice revision to this product . All in all , we are very happy with this product .
 I received this as a gift for one of my showers . My daughter is now six months old . We have played the CD every night since the day she was born . Each time we turn it on she goes right to sleep . Yes , it eats batteries quickly . And , yes , the previous reviewers are right , the speakers do n't allow you to blast Metallica . But that 's not the purpose . The purpose is to play lullabies quietly to your baby . And it works PERFECTLY for that . I would recommend this to ANYONE . It is worth every penny . ENJOY !
 Despite the other reviews , we put this on our registry and are glad we did . We have used it for 5 months and have had no problems with skipping or breaking . Our baby loves to go to sleep with her music . The nightlight was great for checking on her when she was a newborn , but after a few uses the batteries run low and the light is not bright enough . All CD players that run on batteries eat them , but they are safer than cords ... your baby will be mobile in no time .
 I received this cd player as a gift and I LOVE it ! My baby sleeps so soundly with lullabies playing on it . The nightlight is great to use during middle-of-the-night feedings and the volume control is perfect for baby 's ears ! I have not experienced any inconveniences of using this product and I would HIGHLY recommend it for any new parent . It fits snuggly on the crib rails and all of the buttons and controls are safely covered for when baby grows to be able to reach them . This company has thought of everything ! Excellent product ! Could n't get through bedtime as well without it ! Also fantastic to travel with ! Hooks great onto hotel cribs and pack and plays !
 I wanted a pot for boys and one that could be used for a healthy -LRB- chunky -RRB- child . My son used this pot for the entire potty training process . He had one at home and at both grandparents houses . The pee guard did its job and the size was great for my `` chunky '' little one .
 This potty chair is awesome ! I have had this chair for about two weeks . I bought it for my sixteen-month-old daughter . I also purchased Leslie Patricelli 's `` Potty '' book in the same Amazon order . When the box arrived , I took it into my daughter 's room -LRB- I had already cut through the tape -RRB- and we opened it together . She was so excited . We took this right into the bathroom , so she could see . I put the chair in our bathroom across from the toilet and the `` Potty '' book is on a stand next to her potty chair . She immediately sat down on it and opened her book.I did n't intend to start potty training her until after the holidays . I have been trying to get her to say the words `` potty '' , `` poop '' , and `` pee '' . She has n't said any of those words yet . However , she is starting to comprehend the words . She loves sitting on this chair and reading her `` Potty '' book . On an even better note , she has peed twice in the past two days , while sitting on her potty chair ! I was so impressed!About the chair : It 's so perfectly simple ! It is just the base and the bowl that the poop and pee go into . The bowl has a fairly high and wide splash guard , but it 's not so big that it is difficult for her to sit and get situated . So far nothing has splashed onto the floor . The design of the bowl keeps things from sliding down the sides when you empty it into the toilet . The bowl does n't have anything to lock it into place , so be sure to teach your child not to play with it from the very beginning . As the description notes , the design is ergonomical and stable . The chair is high , wide , and well-curved . It would be difficult to tip over.On the -LRB- barely -RRB- downside . The seat is hard plastic and does n't seem comfy . However , my daughter does n't seem to mind . It would also be nice if there was a way of locking the bowl into the base so that curious children do n't try to take the bowl out .
 My daughter loves this potty . She is 17 months and we are just starting to introduce her to the potty . It is sturdy and bright . She can sit in it for a while , even if sometimes she does n't do anything in it :--RRB- I just wish it had a lid , it would make it a little easier to keep her from throwing toys into it .
 I researched which potty chair to purchase for our 18-month old daughter . This one definitely came with high marks , and I can understand why . It 's simple , yet comfortable . Not obtrusive looking or frightening . Comfortable for them to sit on and easy to empty and keep clean . We started out by introducing our daughter to it by unwrapping her new potty and letting her play with it -LRB- clearly before she ever used it for its intended purpose -RRB- in the living room . We found 4 excellent potty books for her to read . She carted the potty around and got used to using it as a chair first so she could learn how to back up to it with out a problem . Then we moved the potty into the bathroom and have now designated as solely a bathroom potty . We know the whole potty training process will take some time , but I 'm very pleased that she 's used it at least twice since we moved it to the bathroom for its intended purpose . We will buy the exact same brand for our next child if this one is too worn out . Excellent .
 I got this potty after reading reviews on all the potty 's on Amazon . What a great potty . My 18 month old son loves it . He is just starting out with his potty training . He pooped and peed on the second day of training and just loves the idea on sitting bottomless on this potty . He has had zero issues with it and I have no complaints . Great potty !
 That 's a very good product , I find it from amazon and all things that everybody write about it was good . I recommend it to . Because it 's for my boy , and front of the pottery trainer was hight . Nothing splash out . I love it .
 When I first looked to get a potty , I asked a few friends with kids who had potty trained , and they said a seat is a seat , there 's not too much difference . The first seat I bought , I just picked based on price , and the fact that it could double as a stool , and it works just fine . I then had someone hand me down this seat and realized how much better it was than the other that I had . It is simpler - only 2 pieces , no moving parts or ways to get pinched , like with the other one . It was easier for my daughter to sit on - the back , plus that splash guard guide her to sit in the exact correct spot so she is aimed over the bowl -LRB- the other one she moves around on it all over the place and sometimes does n't sit in the right spot -RRB- . Finally , she likes to empty her own bowl into the big potty , so this makes it much easier to do that , I have to help her with the other potty ... although I realize this might not be a benefit to some families ! I really just like this one a lot better , the quality is clearly higher.I have to say , my daughter is small , and after reading some other reviews I see it might not be good for very large children , but from my experience it fits her fine and she will not likely outgrow it !
 We were using a Bjorn Little Potty -LRB- which they do n't make anymore -RRB- for a long time . But as my son grew , he kept overshooting and it was becoming a problem . At Grandma and Grandpa 's house they had the Bjorn Smart Potty , which seemed to work better for him . I figured the Bjorn potties have been working well for us , lets try the top of the line Potty Chair!And its working great , the bowl rinses easily . Sometimes a little pee dribbles over the side , but its easy to rinse the whole chair in the tub . I keep it on a little rug to catch the dribbles and just throw that in the wash as needed . Any potty -LRB- with boys using it -RRB- is going to have occasional dribbles.And my son was pretty excited when it arrived !
 This potty is simple , tough , and great for a boy . Helps keep the pee in , and wo n't kill his `` bits '' if he gets caught on it while sitting . It is easy for a child to take the bowl out , empty it into the toilet and put the bowl back into the frame .
 This potty was perfect when my daughter was around 12-15 months . She 's over 2 now , and still uses it on occasion , and now she can take out the bowl and dump it herself into the big potty . She also likes to put her dolls on it when they need to go potty . :-RRB- It 's a great height , seat is a good & comfortable size , bowl comes out easily and cleans easily .
 This toilet has worked great for both my daughter and my son -LRB- from ages 12 mos to 3 yrs -RRB- . I 've used 4 different children toilets and have liked Baby Bjorn toilets the best . Works great !
 This is a much needed tool for potty training ! The only thing we would change is the `` potty guard '' . It should be higher so that it covers the private parts on little boys . Sometimes we end up with a mess .
 This is working great for us . So far she 's pee'ed -LRB- spelling ? -RRB- a few times and does not feel uncomfortable sitting here . Definitely a great product .
 Other than the fact that this potty chair does n't sit flat on the floor , I love it -LRB- and so does my son -RRB- . I guess either this one was made wrong or the plastic got too hot and warped at some point before it got to me . It 's a great little potty , and keeps my two year old son 's `` tee-tee '' from spraying out all over his pants and down onto the floor . My son is a skinny little guy , so his bottom is very small . I had a tough time finding a potty chair that he would n't fall through the hole , but this one is just right ! Again , my only issue is that the bottom portion of the seat that touches the floor is not flat , so it wobbles and rocks back and forth when used . It 's not my floor , because I tried it on various surfaces , including my counter top -LRB- which I 'm 100 % sure is flat -RRB- . I think it might be a flaw in the one I purchased , NOT a design flaw . Perhaps the reason it 's selling on Amazon is because it 's a `` Quality Control reject '' from the factory ?? I would still recommend this seat to friends .
 I just bought this potty and the first time my 20 month daughter saw it she said `` potty '' and promptly urinated in it ! Ca n't beat that ! Looks very comfy too .
 Wonderful ! It was exactly what we were looking for - no more pinched legs or bottom ! He actually likes getting on his potty chair now .
 So tired of all the products with sounds and lights , etc. . Love the simple design , easy to disinfect , easy to put in the car , and yet big enough for chubby little bums ! -LRB- have had size issues with other types of potties -RRB-
 It is well made potty but my son 's pee is all over the place except potty . I dont know what to do in order to keep pee where it should go . Front part may build higher .
 We bought 2 of these potty chairs . They were so easy to clean and stayed brand new looking that I sold both of them for 75 % of their original list price when we were done with them . How cool is that ? They maintained their value.Note
 I had been defecating and urinating in my diaper for I do n't know how long . It had become a minor embarrassment as my friend Sam abandoned this nasty habit and moved on to the use of underwear and the toilet . Mama and Papa were expressing some disappointment and confusion as I alternately soiled my new drawers . The bulkiness of the diaper was interfering with my new-found attraction to sleek-fitting garments and a more carefree lifestyle.Bonus
 This is a great first potty . Our son can practically jump into it and it does n't wobble or tip , even on carpet . He likes to be able to lean on the back and uses the sides of the back to help sit down . I was so glad we got the red version - the first thing he said was `` Elmo 's potty ! '' when we opened the box ! It is so easy to pop the bottom out and clean the bowl , since it does n't have any edges it wipes down in seconds . Also , this was the potty that had the tallest middle piece for little boys , tall enough to catch the pee without being so tall that it gets in the way . However , sometimes little boy pee has a way of going over the top , anyway . I would definitely recommend this potty to start , and also the Bjorn seat insert for later . They make very dependable and easily cleanable products for little ones .
 I tried the Cars potty , like this one : The First Years Disney Pixar Cars Rev and Go Potty Systembut all my son wanted to do was play with it - colossal fail ! Then , I tried a potty seat that fit on my toilet seat , but it required so much help from me that it removed the biggest motivator of all
 Great for 18 month old . Cleans easy w / no seams or crevices to worry about . Lifts up and sets in easily . Love the rubber around the foot print to stop from sliding or `` driving '' potty around tile floor . Very lightweight but does n't tip over easily when little ones are practicing getting up and down . I have two - one for each floor of the house .
 My son is a very tall three years old . We have been trying to get him to use the toilet for the past few months and we were meet with nothing but resistance . I bought this chair because it was taller than most , it looked comfortable to sit on and most importantly , it would be easy to clean . When the chair arrived he was excited that it was HIS chair and sat on it for a few minutes . The very next morning he asked if he could sit on his potty chair . So we did . Nothing , but he was obviously enamored with it . -LRB- I had promised him that he could decorate it with stickers -RRB- He insisted that we take it to my mom 's house and later that day , unprompted , he peed in the potty . We were so excited ! Now imagine how it was later that evening when he actually pooped in the potty , again unprompted.Now I do think that my son may have been afraid of our very tall toilets and did n't like the fact that he had to have help getting on and off . Little Mr. Independence is now doing it all by himself . Yes ! THIS is THE chair you need to get ! I am one happy , happy mommy !
 We 've been using it for my son since he started being able to sit -LRB- around 7 months -RRB- and having used it now for a few months I just bought another one for upstairs . No regrets here .
 This is the ONLY potty I 've found that 's perfect for boys ! The pee-pee guard is integrated to the seat , so it wo n't fall off , and is high enough to `` keep it all in '' if you know what I mean ! =-RRB- I had to order 3 since it 's seriously the only one he 'll even sit on anymore ! We have 4 different types/brands , but he -LRB- and I -RRB- hates them all . This one is truly THE BEST . Super-easy to dump and clean , he likes to do it himself , and the bottom of the potty is rubber-lined so it does n't slide around when he sits down/gets up . It 's also a really good size `` bowl '' , some are waaay too small to neatly go potty in . AWESOME potty and the only one I would ever reccomend !
 There are `` fancier '' potties out there , potties that serve as a potty and also double , triple , or quadruple as a step stool , `` big '' toilet trainer seat , toilet paper holder , or provide positive reinforcement in the form of cartoon characters , music , and who-knows what else . This potty does none of that . It does n't even have a lid to cover the bowl . But those other potties , the ones with the neat designs and features , they are good at a whole lot of things , but not so good at being potties , in my experience . This potty is just that - a potty ... but it 's a really terrific potty . It 's comfy for kids of different sizes to sit on , is n't huge , and is a cinch to clean . And most importantly , with our old potty , my son never peed without spraying out of the bowl ... since we got this potty , he 's never sprayed pee anywhere but in the bowl . That pretty much says it all !
 We bought this potty chair after much research and also owning another one - a Winnie the Pooh Potty chair with a removable urine shield that pops off too easily and just asks to be lost . This chair is so much better that it does n't even compare . Our son has been using it to go to the bathroom -LRB- so far just pee pees :-RRB- -RRB- for several months and loves it . In contrast , he is lukewarm about the other chair.The best things about this chair :1 -RRB- Simple two piece design means that it is easy to clean . The bowl lifts out and rinses easily . Other potties seem to have 5 or more pieces , just asking for places to trap dirt . Not a good thing with a potty2 -RRB- built in urine shield -LRB- into the bowl -RRB- works great and our son loves sitting on it . It is a nightly ritual before his bath .3 -RRB- inexpensiveDownside ? We have n't found a downside yet .
 I almost passed over this potty for something with more bells and whistles . There were potties that converted into stepping stools and one that had a handle that played flushing sounds when depressed . $ 27 seemed a little expensive for two pieces of molded plastic -LRB- bowl and base -RRB- that made up the entire Bjorn potty get up . In the end , I 'm happy with my Bjorn purchase . The simple design is easy to clean . My son is well supported in the ergonomic seat that has a wide base and rubber footings so I do n't have to worry about him squirming and tipping over . The bowl is big enough to catch all of his deposits . Some of the potties I 've seen have very small bowls which I 'd imagine to be difficult targets for little behinds . My only gripe is that my little boy sometimes sprays over the splash guard and wets his clothes . So perhaps Bojorn should look into tweeking that part of their design .
 Dont look anywhere else you have found the best potty chair ! This is my 3rd child , and I have thrown out all the other seats we have tried with our first 2 because I just was not happy with them . I have tried multiple potty seats , and none of them compare to this one!My 2 year old loves going in and sitting on his chair and feels like such a big boy ! I love that the splash guard does not come off where it could easily get lost . I also love the simple clean look to it , very easy to clean no hidden cracks to clean.This item is a must ! I wish I had it 7 year ago when I was potty training my first .
 I love this potty . The only problem with it is that I only ordered one ! I have twin boys who are 15 months , and after purchasing this potty , I realized I needed 2 . I went and bought a different brand at a local store and did not like it . The splash guard made it uncomfortable for my boys to sit on and the seat was so small I did n't think they could go 1 and 2 . I took it back and got a another brand and still was not happy . I will be purchasing at least one more . This potty is perfect for my boys !
 I just LOVE the baby Bjorn Potty Chair . We have so much baby stuff , some of which we did n't really need , but this is one of the best things we ever purchased . So easy to clean , does n't take up too much space , our daughter fit in it from when she was 18 months up to now -LRB- she is 4 years-old and about 42 '' tall -RRB- , and it provides just enough back support for her to sit without being afraid to fall backwards -LRB- when she was younger -RRB- . Now our 20 month-old is using it , too , and it still looks almost new !
 This chair was given to us but I would 've bought it sooner myself if I had known how much I would love it . It 's simple , it 's cute , it 's obviously comfortable , and it 's very easy to clean . My daughter loves this chair and it aided in her training very quickly . She would sit on it in front of the tv for as long as I would let her ! We went on vacation to a hotel last week and took it with us ... I am almost sure she would have `` regressed '' on vacation if she did not have her familiar seat with her . It was easy to take along , unlike some of those fancy bells and whistles seats would be ! She can pour the contents into the big potty herself which she likes doing . I love how easy it is to wipe out and sanitize . I can not recommend this seat highly enough ... daughter # 2 is due in August and you can be sure I will go to the trouble to store this seat for the next 2 years until she needs it ... would n't use any other !
 My son is a big kid -LRB- tall , 28 lb , one year old with chubby legs -RRB- and this potty fits him perfectly . He has already used it for # 1 and # 2 . He does not mind sitting on it at all so it must be comfortable to him . Mess cleans out of it easily too .
 i have read several of the reviews for this potty chair , both good and bad , and i have to agree it is a great potty chair ! great size for a larger toddler . my son is 36 inches tall and 40lbs and finding a potty chair that is big enough and sturdy enough has been a challenge . this one fits him great with room to spare . it also has a large opening so no worries of him missing and making a mess . i also saw some bad reviews where they had problems with the pee guard and pee going over it onto the child 's leg and floor . so far i have n't had that problem . i just tell my son to make sure it is pointed down , which needs to be taught to little boys when potty training anyways . also having the options to pick a color made the experience much easier and my son loved the moment it was delivered and was able to open it and see the color he picked . overall this has made potty training a great experience !
 Comfortable , wildly easy to clean with no nooks or crannies , attractive in an adult designed bathroom . My daughter loves to use it and can sit on it for a very long time without being uncomfortable . We also bought the matching safe step stool and the set was very much worth the money . We get compliments all the time and I 'm happy we did n't have to buy yet another chunk of pink plastic on our journey to potty training perfection .
 I just got this potty yesterday , and I already know that it is everything that I expected ! I have a three year old son and for weeks he has been using a Safety First potty that I am now going to happily throw in the garbage because that is exactly what it is and where it belongs . It is such a poor design that every time he went pee it would leak all over the place . I had to take it all apart and wash it in the bathtub after every use . Not to mention all the pee that ended up on the floor . UGHHH ! I finally used duct tape to seal all the seams between the parts which worked marginally , but I was going through tape like it grew on trees . After one days use of the Baby Bjorn potty I have none of these issues . My son does his duty and there is no mess to clean up other than the waste that properly ends up in the potty ! Now I can spend my time praising him for a job well done rather than bending over the bathtub cleaning up the mess . The joy of potty training is back ! The potty is very easy to clean and just lifts right out of the base . It looks nice and fits well in the bathroom . My son loved all the color choices and picked his favorite color - pink ! I would definately recommend this potty seat to anyone who was having the same issues I had . Thank you Baby Bjorn for being in tuned with end users ' real needs !!
 I am the grandmother of a very active 2 year old boy . After assessing the reviews of potty chairs I decided to purchase this chair . It is very sturdy , . . has n't tipped or teetered when he tries to sit on or get off . I love the ease of ` dumping ' the potty . It does n't leak between the pot and the seat like most rear assessible potties . He has wet the floor by spraying over the cup but only because he has n't pulled his pants down far enough to sit correctly on the potty . It is less than a week of training and I am sure we will master this shortly . It is VERY easy to keep clean . The oval seat seems to fit his behind and is comfortable . I am the mother of two girls -LRB- who are now in their 30 's -RRB- and it looks very different than the potty chairs we used in the 70 's -80 's . But do n't be alarmed by it 's modern looking design ... . the improvement are worth the price !
 This potty works very well for us . My son likes that it is his size -LRB- we also have a potty seat for the toilet which he is n't so into -RRB- . It is light enough that he can move it himself , but the rubber grip on the bottom keeps it from slipping when he sits . I can see how other children may have problems bumping themselves on the splash guard , which you ca n't remove , but this has n't been a problem for him . Also , we have had no problems whatsoever with pee going everywhere as other reviewers have.Pros : Easy to cleanGrips to the floorSturdyGood colorsRounded edgesCons : Ca n't remove the splash guardInside bowl can be removed easily by the child
 I did a lot of research before making the purchase . And this one turned out to be the best !!! It is perfect for a boy . No spill at all . Ever since we got it , my 2-year old son has been using it every day . He loves it ! He has never pooed in the diaper ever since.Highly recommend !
 We have a 2 year old boy who is just getting interested in the potty , so we opted to gear up the bathroom for him . I got this type of potty over the other options because the white ` potty bowl ' can not pinch him when he sits down , the ` little boy guard ' in the front is all one piece with the potty bowl making the contruction more sturdy than other options . With that he can experience all the wonder of potty training without getting scratched or pinched when he sits down or wiggles on the set . The design is pretty basic , easy to clean and durable . A little more than I wanted to spend originally , however the few extra bucks were worth avoiding having to deal with the potty ` biting -LRB- pinching -RRB- him ' or the ` little boy guard ' braking off , and having to clean urine or worse from little seams and cravaces . I also ordered the Bjorn step stool for boy to more easily wash his hands and also stand and pee like Daddy if he wants to . A matching set , so no too much of an eye sore in the bathroom.Mom loves it and boy loves it .
 I bought this potty chair to replace a Winnie the Pooh combo potty chair / step stool which my 3yr old son complained about using all of the time . He would say that the Pooh potty hurt his hiney all of the time . The moment this Baby Bjorn chair arrived my son was ecstatic to say the least . He wanted to use the potty chair right away but it was a bit cold on his tush after having just arrived from the cold UPS truck . After 1/2 hour he was still so excited to use this new chair that he disregarded the cold seat and , amazingly , not only completed his business - both # 1 and # 2 , but also stayed on there for some time afterwards saying how much he loved his new potty . My wife and I were shocked - we had worked so hard each day to try to get him to use his Pooh potty , but he absolutely hated it - he preferred the experience of straddling the regular toilet with the occasional hiney dunking to his Pooh potty . I even purchased the book `` Toilet Training in Less Than a Day '' from Amazon in hopes of getting him to use the potty , but I 've never even had to open the book with this new Baby Bjorn potty chair . This thing is a miracle ! I 'm guessing it must be comfortable for his tush because he loves to sit on it during the day even with his clothes on . What amazes us even more is that he now tells us when he has to go to the potty and he does all of the work himself - pulling down his pants and diaper , wiping , and yes even pulling up his diaper and pants -LRB- or even putting on a new diaper -RRB- . I can honestly say this is one of the best purchases that I have made on Amazon.com and my wife and I no longer dread the thought of having to potty train our 3 month old daughter when the time comes.In regards to the regular toilet , I purchased two different types of potty seats that go over top of the regular seat prior to purchasing the Baby Bjorn potty chair but my son rarely ever used those either - on the rare occasion that he did he he would either complain that they were too cold or that his legs would stick to the squishable cushion.The chair is easily cleaned -LRB- I bought the solid white one -RRB- and is so lightweight that my son can move the potty to his favorite spot whenever he wants .
 This is a great potty chair . I wasted my money on a cheaper one at first only to be disappointed by the size and the ablilty to scoot . This chair stays put . The toddler can easily get on and off on thier own . Additionally , I no longer have messes to clean up on the floor because the cheaper chair did not provide a sufficient `` shield '' for little boys . Do n't waste your money on a cheaper chair -- get this one the first time !
 This is a great potty chair . It 's comfortable for my son to sit on . However , it could use more of a `` splashguard '' in the front .
 We threw out another brand to get a second one of these for our upstairs bathroom . Little to no extra mess to clean up .
 This is an excellent potty chair . My grandson isnt afraid to sit on it at all . I think potty training with `` his special chair '' will be a breeze ... One can only hope !
 My son loves it . Only problem is he does not want to get off of it . Makes it a little difficult to clean but at least he has not rejected the idea of using it .
 If you need a potty chair BUY this one . My son is 21/2 but very tall and a `` big boy '' - this chair sits up higher than the othe baby bjorn seat-which is nice , he looks comfy sitting in it - which is all helpful when learning to go potty . I tried other seats -LRB- too low , not comfy -RRB- and read review on how this sat higher and it has a built in splash guard style seat and it seperate so it can be dumped and cleaned easily .
 I have a 2 year old son and he loves this potty . We have one for our house and one at his grandparents house . I thought it was a little pricey compared to the other models but I just did n't like the other options . I love that there are just two pieces and it 's a cinch to clean . My little boy loves dumping it himself in the big potty . The pot is one piece with a built in boy shield that is just the right size . We have tried another potty with the removeable shield and he could not back into the seat and sit down without knocking off the guard . I would highly recommend this Potty to everyone , try this one before you try anything else .
 Best potty chair for little boys . After buying several potty chairs and returning them because the font shield was n't tall enough , we purchased this chair . We are hapy to say that are no more messes to clean up . Grandma in Iowa .
 I love this potty chair . It 's been very simple to clean and my 14 month old daughter seems to be comfortable sitting on it . She 's more than willing to sit and go potty whenever she is sat on it . It does n't move around much on the floor as it has a rubbery strip to keep it from moving . I also enjoy the fact that the bowl in it does n't move around inside the chair so no accidental spill , misses , etc. . The edges of the bowl are slanted and when you dump the contents into the toilet you do n't get drips like you would on a flat edged one .
 If you are looking for a bigger potty , this is it . I do n't think it 's possible to find a larger one . I am so glad I bought this potty . I went to several different stores and put my son on so many potties after I had already bought 3 and took them back . They are all so tiny it is ridiculous !!! I was getting so ticked off . My son was just over 21/2 years old and he is skinny . I guess they make the potties like everything else in this micro mini world we live in . This fits my son well and he likes it . I love the built in pee pee guard , he ca n't remove it . He loves to bring the insert to me and show off his accomplishments . My son is now 311/2 pounds and just over 37 inches tall and he is very comfortable on this potty . Thank God and Baby Bjorn for this potty . I do n't know what I would have done .
 We have tried four different potty chairs for our sons and this potty seat far surpasses them all!The seat has been a perfect size for our two year old , but it is also big enough for our taller three year old to use.The actual opening is great because instead of being small and round like many potty 's , it has a much larger oval opening which seems to catch everything much better . Also has a nice urine guard on the front -LRB- although it is not as tall as I thought it would be -RRB- that they have NEVER urinated over the top or side of , which is pretty amazing!All the other potty 's we had a problem with b/c they had the guard that can detach and it always ended up down inside and I would have to dig it out , gross!I also like the removable pot to dump , makes it very easy to use/clean . The bottom has grippers so the chair does n't move around , which makes them feel more stable.Has a high back and sides for feeling more comfortable as they can rest their backs and hold on the sides.My 2 year old did n't like other potty 's b/c they pinch or were uncomfortable , but this seat he said is `` comfy '' . Overall a great chair , although I would n't mind the `` pee guard '' being a little higher just to be safe , was n't as high as expected based on reviews !
 My two and half year old son loves the potty chair . It 's our second one and I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 This potty is just great . My baby has been using this since she was 9.5 months old . I love the fact that it has a chair-back so she does n't need me to physically support her when she 's on it . All I have to do is watch her nearby . It 's really well made and very sturdy . Also , the basin is big enough that it holds everything without spills and mess . She does n't mind sitting on it for 10 monutes in the mornings to do her thing ... and she does pretty much without fail . We have n't had to change a poop diaper for weeks now . One of the most useful items I bought for the baby !
 This potty is small but portable . Works well with boys since it has the high guard in front . Easy to clean and the white color is nice so kids can see what they 've done . Another plus is that the plastic is able to be recycled when you are finished with it . Overall , I 'm happy with this purchase .
 My son is just getting started , but he is now wanting to sit on the potty with clothes on about 5 times a day and today he did when he first woke up . The base is nice because it has a grip and does not slide easily . I like the pull out cup too . We got white so it will be the same as everybody and maybe he will feel he is doing the same thing as everyone else . I DO reccommend this potty .
 This is a great potty chair . I love how it goes up in front for the little boys . The pee shield 's not a separate piece so you do n't end up cleaning urine out of any cracks or anything . -LRB- The white part is just once piece . -RRB- All 3 of my sisters have this same potty chair & also love it !
 I chose this potty for my son after reading the glowing reviews online and I was not disappointed . It is sturdy , easy to clean , easy for my son to get onto and the splash guard in front keeps the pee in the toilet . What more could I ask for ?
 My son loves this potty and I love it since it 's so easy to keep clean !!! My 2 year old can even dump it himself without making a mess .
 I resisted shelling out the dough for this chair for as long as I could . I have twins and paying this much for potty chairs was something I was n't going to do if I could help it . So first I bought the potty chair from Ikea . While the cost was amazing , I mean who can beat $ 4 -LRB- ! -RRB- it was waaaaay too small and my son and daughter just would n't sit on it -LRB- and they are n't even large toddlers -RRB- . Then I bought the Bjorn junior , and it also was too small . So I finally broke down and bought the full size chair . Wow ! What a difference ! My son immediately wanted to sit and go potty . It was the first time he peed in a potty and he was so proud of himself . He sat for quite awhile and read a book . So did my daughter . It was obvious that they were comfortable on the chair and that made mommy happy , too . I also like the high back on this chair , as my kids are given a sticker every time they goe potty and they stick them on the back so they can see them . I would definitely buy this chair again !
 This potty is perfect . Has the right size for a toddler -LRB- my son is an average size boy for his age - 16 months -RRB- and it is easy to clean and use . My son used it immediately after getting it and was not afraid of sitting on it . I 'm very happy with this purchase and will totally recommend it to anyone .
 I LOVE this potty !! My 16 month old daughter sits on it for a long time before wanting off , it seams comfortable . Her little feet touch the ground so she feels stable . I would recommend this chair .
 This chair works extremely well and is worth every penny . It is extremely easy to clean , and comfortable for a toddler to use . I would strongly recommend this potty chair to every parent .
 My son is not actually anywhere close to understanding the concept of this , but my impression is that it is VERY simple to clean up -LRB- which I LOVE the idea of -RRB- . It seems comfy , he sits in it often and plays with it sometimes : -RRB-
 we got an inexpensive potty first and it was not comfortable for our baby to sit on . he would n't use that potty , but he went on the bjorn the first time he sat on it . the bjorn is shaped perfectly , with a comfy back support and an oval shaped bowl so there is enough space for a boy to sit and pee . it 's so comfy that he will sit and read a book ! looks great too . simple and easy to clean .
 My 16 month old son enjoys sitting on his potty chair . It suits the contour of the body but unfortunately for boys , the tip of the front guard is a bit shy in height , he needs to sit very still to prevent a `` waterfall '' from going over the guard . I still like this chair , its very easy to clean , he seems to find it comfortable .
 This is the only potty chair my 2 year old Grandson will use . My daughter had to cart it back and forth to day care once a week . Before his visitfrom KS . to MA . I purchased this particular one . I lined up the new one and 2 other ones I had prior for his sister 's potty training and he only used this new one . It is easy to clean also . It 's on Grandma 's favorite 's list.Grandma from MASSACHUSETTS
 I started out with a less expensive potty when I began toilet-training my son , but every time he sat on it to pee , it went all over the floor in front of him . The splash guard just did n't do its job very well . My friend 's son had the Baby Bjorn potty and so I immediately went out and purchased one and it 's been GREAT ! No more clean-up after he uses it because this potty is deeper and the splash guard is higher . It 's also more comfortable for him to sit on and does n't irritate his skin like the other one . As other reviewers have said , this potty is also heavier so it does n't tip over as easily.I higly recommend this to anyone in the market for a potty !
 I am so grateful that I found this potty for my son . It is really the perfect potty chair . It is so well designed . It is sturdy and does not tip at all , even if he leans on just one of the arms or kicks it , etc. . It has a nice high back to give him support and is the perfect height . It has a deflector that is part of the bowl , so that it is all one piece , which is very important for little boys . -LRB- Due to this design feature we have not had any problem with the pee going anywhere but in the bowl -RRB- It is also super easy to clean . Just remove the bowl , dump in the big toliet , wipe with tissue and a Lysol wipe and you are done . Simple , simple , simple . Best of all , my son actually uses this potty and is very successful with it . Once again , Baby Bjorn lives up to its reputation.We had also tried the `` Once Upon a Potty '' potty chair , but it was too hard to clean out -LRB- no removeable bowl -RRB- .
 I love this potty chair !! It is so simple , and that is what I like about it - simple to use & simple to clean . My little boy loves it .
 This seat is the perfect size for my son . He 's about 37 pounds and over 3 feet tall -LRB- almost 3 years old -RRB- . It made potty training so much easier . The `` pot '' is easily removed from the top of the seat -LRB- rather than from the back of the seat like other potty chairs -RRB- . My son uses this potty , and then dumps out the pot in the big potty by himself . I love this seat !
 I bought the green Baby Bjorn potty based on the reviews that far surpassed any other potty here on Amazon as well as Target.com . . I totally trust Amazon reviewers ! I ordered the product just a few days before Christmas and did n't need it FOR Christmas , but it was still under the tree when my 1 year old opened her presents . She only sits on it for 2 seconds at a time , but we 'll be patient . She 's only 15 months , afterall ! It looks great in our bathroom next to the tub and rug.I look forward to baby * using it * more and more really soon !
 This was our second try to find a potty that my son would sit on long enough to try to go . The other chair we had hurt his little butt . This chair is very comfortable for him and he will sit on it for longer periods of time . He 's still not trained yet , but at least he does not refuse to sit down on it now .
 After 2 potties that my son would n't use , we found this one and he took to it right away . Very easy for him to use . Also easy to empty and keep clean . Would recommend this to anyone who is trying to potty train !
 I have a 14 month old . He sits on it . He does n't scream . he 's not using it as a potty yet . He climbs on it and listens to his echo while putting his face into it . Seems comfortable , will be easy to clean , not to big and akward . I 'm sure it will do the job
 He loves this potty chair . It 's easy for him to use by himself and it 's VERY easy to clean up when he 's done . He can even dump it on his own . Great buy !
 I like this potty chair for my little boy because there are no lids to open and batteries in it . It 's perfect . Nice and simple and the piece that comes up in the middle helps when you have a little boy ! I recently bought another one for another bathroom . I would n't buy any other potty chair !
 This is the only potty we 've had , but it has been great . Cleans easily , is sturdy and wo n't tip , and my daughter -LRB- 18 months -RRB- likes it .
 My daughter does pull the pot out and pee inside with out the pot inside . lol But other wise holds up to my kids . Easy to clean also .
 This is a great potty . My daughter has no trouble getting on or off of it and the guard is n't a problem for her . The entire bottom of the chair has grippy rubber that keeps it from sliding across the floor . The `` bowl '' has no seams , creases or other scary places were nasties can lurk .
 Right now the potty is still a toy to put things in and take things out of , I 'm sure it will function fine as a potty when we get to that stage .
 I wanted a chair with a removable bowl , but now that I 've seen my son grab it and attempt to dump it out , part of me wishes I 'd have gone for a toilet adapter style.If this is the style you want though , it 's durable and sleek in appearance -LRB- for a potty chair , anyway -RRB- . ETA
 We all love this potty , my daughter tries it everyday . She carries it around and has her dolly use it also . Great Shape , color , and durability .
 Nice design and easy for child to sit on.Does not take up much room in bathroom .
 My son loves this potty seat . He even dumps his pee in the toilet himself and then flushes . No more diapers at home at 18 month . Ca n't thank the manufacturer enough .
 My son really like this potty chair . He is not quite one but we have been using it since he was seven months . Makes for easy clean up . Once he can walk and stand on his own it will be perfect for him to use .
 This potty is perfectly shaped for my 2-year-old daughter . The design is simple and easy to clean . It 's just right .
 After seeing all the reviews I decided to purchase this potty for my son . It 's very sturdy and easy to clean .
 I bought this for my 6 month girl , she was actually scared when I seat her in at the first time , and tended to lean forward so I have to support her , but she did pee & poo in it . And after one or two uses she totally got used to it and loves being on it .
 We are currently training our 2nd child . With our first , we had 3 in diapers , giving us MAJOR motivation to get him potty trained , so we tried almost every seat out there . Most of them were okay , but just got nasty quckly , were hard to disinfect , or were uncomfortable for my son . The ones with the removable splash gaurd are not gentle and can scrape a child 's sensitive parts . Those were awful . We were `` potty training '' for a full year before we finally saw the BabyBjorn potty chair in a local botique , and DS immediately sat in it . He chose blue , and we took it home . Within a week , he was trained , and began using the `` big boy seat '' , so we saved the seat for our daughter . It was incredable ! Now our 23 month old daughter is training . We bought her this white babybjorn seat for our downstairs bathroom , with the blue upstairs . She has been `` training '' for 6 days now , and is almost completely day trained!This seat is by far the best in our experiences . Here 's why
 I had a Safety 1st potty that I just hated before I bought this Baby Bjorn potty . It leaked , its round opening was WAY too small , and I had a ton of problems with my son leaking all over the front and on to the floor . Plus it came apart in many pieces and had lots of spots bacteria could hide . The Baby Bjorn takes care of all the problems I had with the Safety 1st potty!The simple construction is so sanitary and easy to clean . There are no little places for bacteria to collect.The opening is bigger than other potty chairs and oblong instead of round , so no more pooping on the seat . This alone would have sold me on this potty.The splash guard is great for boys . No more peeing off the front of the potty and no flimsy detachable splash guards that flip down into the seat.It has a nice rubber grip on the bottom to keep it in the same place on the floor.Another plus is that it 's nice looking and blends in with the rest of the bathroom.I 'm very happy with the quality and design of this potty and I have NO complaints !
 After extensive research , I finally settled on this potty chair and I am extremely pleased with my purchase . I , like many other reviewers , was intially put off by the $ 22 price tag.The problem I have with many baby products today is that companies try to make something a `` new concept '' by adding bells and whistles or attempting to make things multi-purpose . Do n't get me wrong , I love technology and my daughter has tons of electronic gadgets , but potty chairs should not double as toys . Nor do I care to have my child using her potty in the future to stand on to reach the sink.This is exactly what a potty should be ... a potty and nothing else . Its ergonomic design and rubber bottom makes it comfortable and stable , even on carpet . It looks remarkably similar to a real potty because if its smooth , white finish . When I got it home my 16-month-old daughter immediately knew what it was and wanted to sit on it . She now loves to sit on the potty and this one appears to be very comfortable for her.In a nutshell , it is simply made , easy to clean and perfect for potty training .
 I started potty training my son early -LRB- at 11 months -RRB- . Since I did n't have any other kids , I had no idea which chair to try . I first bought the safety first chair and it leaked , tipped over , and the deflector pinched my son . All of the chairs that I tried were too tall and my son could n't touch the floor with his feet . Most of the chairs were just a plain seat , with no back or sides , and nothing to hold on to . WHat a nightmare ! I decided to go back to -LSB- the store -RSB- and try another chair . While in the store I let my son sit -LRB- fully clothed -RRB- on the Baby Bjorn potty chair ... he loved it so much ! He cried when I took him off of it ! It has a good deflector that is not able to pinch , it has a wide and deep bowl which makes cleaning a breeze , and it 's design with a high back and sides make it comfy . It is also low enough that my son can easily get on and off my himself . I will definately use the Bjorn products for potty training from now on !
 This is our fifth piece of potty equipment . We have two potty chairs and three potty toppers . The Bjorn ones are the best of both . Our old potty chair , a First Years one , is just too small for my 2yo son . He 's just a little above average in size and just turned 2 a few months ago . He does n't fit on it at all . Not all of his `` parts '' fit into the bowl and pee goes everywhere . With the Bjorn chair , he can easily sit down himself . All his parts fit inside so there is never a mess . And there is plenty of room for growth . In fact , my 4yo can sit on it also and fits fine . He 's a bit on the tall and skinny side though.Unlike our old potty , it is very easy to clean . The bowl is all one piece of smooth plastic , with no grooves or indentations to hinder cleaning . The bowl sits fully on the base , so the pee does n't leak around the seam and onto the floor like our old potty . The bowl is contoured and comfortable . We have never found the splash guard to get in the way of anything . It performs as intended with no problems . There are also grips on the bottom which keeps the seat in place on the floor . Our other potty could easily tip over and slide across the floor . The way the front of the seat is contoured makes it comfortable to sit for my son , his legs sit comfortably on each side of the potty chair . The bowl itself is also easy for my son to carry because of the way it is shaped . I have him carry the bowl to the big toilet to dump its contents.We also have the Bjorn potty topper which I also highly recommend . All one piece which makes it easier to clean . And nicely contoured again for comfort . The adjustable knob in back also keeps it sitting securely on the toilet and it does n't slide around . It is much better than our old one that was actually two pieces and just awful to clean . You can imagine what got in between the two pieces . Yuck!We have the Ocean Blue Bjorn potty seat and it 's quite attractive -LRB- considering it 's purpose ! -RRB- . The white bowl is easy to clean . Obviously , if you can get your child to go straight to the big toilet with a topper , that is ideal , but not every kid wants to do that . My first son was scared of the big toilet for 6 months ! Also , our bathroom is a fair distance from the family room , so having this potty in the family room allows us to catch our son quickly when we see that he has to go . If we had to carry him all the way to the bathroom , he probably would n't make it . You can also use it in the car for travel quite well.My 2yo son has only peed on the potty -LRB- little or big -RRB- a few times until we got this one . He peed on it within an hour of pulling it out of the box . And in the week since we 've had it , he has started to do the big job on this potty once a day too , in addition to peeing on it several times a day . Maybe this one will learn to use the potty quicker than his brother ! One can only hope .
 I recently purchased this potty for my 16 month old son . We are not actively training but I wanted to introduce him to it . The first night I got it , he went pee pee and boo boo in it . I screamed and clapped and sang a little song . He really likes it . He even brought it out of the bathroom and took it into the living room to watch The Wiggles while sitting in it . I like the color , and how it fits his size . He can sit on it and get up all by himself . Its very sturdy , it does n't wobble or tip over like some do . One reviewer said the sprout was a little short , but I have n't had a problem . My son tends to look down at himself while he 's going , so everything is pointing south anyway . I love that there are only 2 pieces to this chair . Very easy to clean . I had a safety 1st chair with the flip top lid and the detachable sprout and I absolutely hated this thing . My son would pull of the sprout and walk around the house with it . He was too concerned with the lid and turning around on the chair to pull the lid up and down instead of concentrating on trying to go potty . With the baby bjorn there are no distractions , no music , no removable pieces -LRB- except the bowl -RRB- which allows him focus on going potty . I just really like this potty chair . I would highly recommend this chair .
 We had to buy 3 potties before going for this one . We tried
 We bought this Bjiorn potty seat 3 years ago , and both our daugher and son love it . I 'm particularly pleased with the splashguard feature on the front , as little boys -LRB- and come to think of it , grown men as well ! -RRB- tend to have bad aim . The highback chair allows your child to relax and sit back -LRB- something you may both have to do for a while when they first start training ! -RRB- The white seat comes out to empty into the toilet - which is the only downside . We also have a potty seat that fits on the big toilet , and it is nice not to have to clean the little potty out when they use that one . Still , the kids prefer their Bjiorn . In fact , the best potty training tool came to me when my 3 year old sat on the potty seat on the toilet and put his extra-large Pooh bear on the Bjiorn potty . Either way , it 's getting its use !
 I bought this for my 19-month daughter and she loves it ! This is her first potty , and she loves to sit on it and put her animals on it . Its lightweight enough for her to carry around . The inner section fits securely and lifts out easily for quick clean up . The back is high enough so she can sit back and be comfortable . She has no trouble sitting down and getting up . This is the first potty I 've tried for her and it 's the only one we 'll need . She loves it ! Great product .
 This is the most comfortable potty chair around ! My daughter loved to sit on it for a chair when we first got it and it did n't take long at all for her to start using it as a potty . . she 's almost 3 now and still uses it because she says it 's more `` comfy '' than the big potty I think the biggest plus for her is the smooth back rest and the biggest plus for me is it 's so so easy to clean !
 My son is now 2 years 8 months , and we started out potty training on the green frog . It 's known as `` ribbit '' . Well `` ribbit '' was n't very deep , and did n't have any type of rubber gripping on the bottom of it . He seemed to be getting way too big for it . So my biggest concern was depth , and height of the back . I still wanted him to feel safe , but not pee pee over the edge . I am very pleased with the depth of this one . It fits him really good now . I 'm a little worried about it fitting for the next 3 months , but we 're working on it and I hope that he is potty trained in the next few months . I like the bottom of this Baby Bjorn because it does have rubber edging all along the bottom edge so it does n't slide around the bathroom . It also has a really good front potty blocker . I would especially recommend this for parents with boys .
 I am very happy I decided to buy this one . It is tall , comfortable for my daughter and so easy for me to clean.My baby is only 4 months but I can tell that she already loves her new yellow potty chair and she likes to use it -LRB- with my help of course -RRB- every day.Buy it , you wo n't be disappointed !
 My kids love this potty , but it does leave a red mark . It does n't seem to bother them and it goes away rather quickly . They like this potty better than sitting on the big potty .
 We love this potty ... it 's not complicated like other pottys . It 's easy to empty and clean ... the seat seams comfortable for my daughters tiny butt ... She loves to sit on it ... glad we chose this one over the other cheap pottys .
 We tried a few potties -LRB- mostly second hand , free -RRB- and this one has been the best . It 's worked from 4 months or so -LRB- whenever he could first sit up , and we 'd plop him on it at the first sign of a bowel movement -- he had us changing him 5 times a day then due to runny poops that escaped any diaper we put on him -RRB- until now -LRB- 18 months -RRB- and I do n't see any reason it should n't work for the next 2 years as well . Our little boy loves sitting on it , because it 's so sturdy and he has a good support for his back . We also have the flip-down potty seats on our adult toilets that he uses but he really likes his baby-bjorn potty the best .
 The product is simple and gets the job done . No frills , but nothing to break either . Looks cute .
 The guard works perfectly for our son ! I wish we had bought this for our upstairs bathroom as well .
 We did MUCH research on potty chairs and decided on BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Potty Chair , which I have NO regrets ... Our son was n't quite ready to start but the sturdyness will be useful as he approaches his 2nd birthday and we start full force . The reason I bought ? No bells and whistles , sturdy and of a quality name . Id buy this again !!
 I am so pleased with this potty . It is very comfortable for my 21/2 year old . It is also very easy to keep cleaned up .
 LOVE , LOVE , LOVE this potty ... I found one in a garage sale , and had to go out and buy two more for upstairs , and my parents house .
 Excellent product , especially like the high back for support . This worked like a charm and within one week our grand-daughter was using it .
 a miracle ! my 3 year old son refused to go near any potty chair but after reading all the great reviews I decided to go ahead and order it anyway . unbelievable but true , he sat down as soon as I unpacked it and is using it every day now . I can not believe it and do n't understand why but this potty chair really does work . easy to clean , sturdy , he can sit down by himself without any problems and it is big enough for him -LRB- he is a very tall boy for his age -RRB- . I can highly recommend this !
 I have been providing daycare for over 30 years . This means that I have tried many many potty chairs . The Baby Bjorn is the best !! It only has 2 parts . No grooves for liquids to collect . Deflector cup is molded to the bowl so it will not detach when child is lifted off the potty chair . Lip on bowl is wide and very easy to clean !
 i returned a different potty same day to purchase this one . the other potty seemed more comfortable with a cushion seat but my daughter slid off the back side and seemed like if she went in it she would squirt out the front . this potty chair she could lounge in comfortably without me thinking she 's going to fall off the back , i thought it would be hard but she enjoyed looking at a book on it . the only issue i had was she got excited and tried to get off of it by herself and hit the front guard , flipping over and going facefirst into our bathroom shelving . at first glace we thought she broke her nose right across the bridge . luckily she is n't scared of the potty and her nose is ok ... i 'm sure as she grows a little she will be able to get off easier but just a warning , i do love this potty a lot better than the first one we got .
 I bought this chair for my 19 month old potty training toddler . The 1st day I brought it home he was so excited and so was I. On his 1st attempt my LO made poo successfully !!! He was so proud ... this chair is terrifc !!! He 's always so excited to `` go potty '' ... It makes potty training easy .
 This Potty chair , is a bit different from others on the market . While priced on the high scale , it seems much more comfortable for the kids , having a higher back support.Cleaning is very easy , and my kid loves it ...
 Our daughter loves using this chair . It is stable and very easy to clean .
 This is the third potty I 've purchased for my son . The first one was made by Parents , and it tipped over the first time my son sat on it . The second was First Years Elmo 3-in-1 , and the cup pinched his behind in 3 places leaving cuts . This one is great . Although my son was hesitant to go on it at first -LRB- which I attribute to his experience with the Elmo potty -RRB- , he fits nicely on it . The other potties were too narrow from front to back , and I had to adjust him several times to get him situtated so that he could use the front guard . The seat lifts out as the cup which lends itself to not pinching his bottom ; and easy clean up . It 's low enough to the ground that his legs fit too . The back and arm supports fit well also . It 's a solid construction and good buy .
 We have the Baby Bjorn Step Stool , Potty Chair , Little Potty , and now the Toilet Trainer . Hind sight is 20/20 . The Toilet Trainer and Step Stool is all you need . Our initial thought was to have the Potty Chair for home and the Little Potty for trips . The reality is our daughter would sit on her potty then want to sit on the toilet like Mommy and Daddy . We balanced her on the toilet before we decided to get the toilet trainer . No more balancing acts on the toilet . She can use her step stool to get on the toilet when she wants . The Toilet Trainer travels well , fits all types of toilets , easy to install , remove , and clean ! The Potty Chair and Little Potty are fantastic quality but you might as well go with the Toilet Trainer from the start .
 I was originally looking at buying a potty chair that had all the bells and whistles , flush noises , music , lights , the works . Then I thought , wait a minute , the regular potty does n't have those things . She wants one like mommies ! I got this for her after being asked repeatedly to read `` the potty book for girls '' She was immediately sitting on it without any prompting . Once I finally took her pants off she went right away . We are still working on going always on the potty , but she loves the potty itself . It is very basic and sturdy . My daughter had no problem sitting with the little guard on the front . I like that it has a separate bowl and my daughter is so proud when she can take it out and flush it down the `` big '' potty .
 This potty chair has a great design that is easy to use and clean . The Baby Bjorn Potty Chair is simple and sanitary . There are no places for bacteria to hide , and the design is much better than some of the other potties out there . My parents have a different potty at their house for my daughter to use , and it 's very difficult to keep clean and to use . My daughter likes the Baby Bjorn much better . I 'd highly recommend the Baby Bjorn to anyone . The price is a little higher , but it 's definitely worth it .
 We read the reviews posted about the BabyBjorn Potty Chair and based on all the reviews for boys we thought we would give it a try . We purchased the BabyBjorn Potty Chair for our 2 year old son , we had the potty for about a half hour and our little boy went potty two times the first day , and 4 times the second day . This potty is easy to clean all you do is simply wash the potty and take a lysol or clorox wipe to disinfect and your done . The best thing about this product is that it only has two pieces . With the inside base being white is a great feature when your teaching kids to potty , they can actually see what they did in the potty unlike most of the other potty products on the market that have a colored inside base . Needless to say we have also tried the Graco potty and it is now with the city dump yard . I recommend this potty for it 's simplicity . Five stars all the way .
 I BOUGHT THIS POTTY AFTER READING MANY REVIEWS ONLINE . WE HAD A FISHER PRICE POTTY THRONE WHERE IT PLAYS MUSIC AND LIGHTS UP , AND MY DAUGHTER DID NOT LIKE IT , IT WAS HARD FOR HER TO GET ON AND OFF AND THE MUSIC JUST PLAYS AND PLAYS ! THE BABY BJORN IS GREAT , I LOVE THE RUBBER ON THE BOTTOM , CA N'T BE PUSHED THROUGHOUT THE HOUSE , AND MY DAUGHTER LOVES IT . SHE WILL SIT ON IT AND READ BOOK AFTER BOOK . THE HIGH BACK IS GREAT TO SO SHE CAN LEAN BACK AND RELAX , VERY EASY TO CLEAN , NO CRACKS OR CREVICES . IT IS A GREAT SIZE AS WELL , WE GO CAMPING A LOT AND IT IS A PERFECT SIZE FOR OUR CAMPER THIS POTTY WILL BE HERE FOR ALL OUR CHILDREN TOO COME
 Love this potty ! It 's white and matches our bathroom nicely ... it blends in . EASY to use and clean , SIMPLE too . Recommended also by `` Toddler Bargains '' . Have not been disappointed !
 I have had great success using this potty chair . The shape is what makes it the best . It juts out in front so that small kids can just back up and plop down onto it without any effort . Before I purchased this I thought it was a lot to spend on a toilet , and I guess it is , but its been worth it to me . Kids are so much more open to new things when it is n't stressful and when they can succeed early on without help ; they want to be independent so badly . The type of chair with a lid is too difficult to climb up on and then turn around , etc. . Its very easy to clean as the hat is removable , the splash guard is way high -LRB- and provides a handle for you to carry the hat to empty it -RRB- . Also , its cute . = -RRB- Oh , I noticed several of the low star reviews complained that the seat left a red ring on the child 's behind . Having been a nurse for 10 years , I have helped hundreds of people on and off toilets and I can tell you that every toilet leaves a ring on every behind if you sit on it for more than several seconds . If you do n't believe me , turn around and look in the mirror the next time you spend more than a few seconds sitting on the throne .
 We 've had several potty chairs and I 'd say I like this one best . It has a high back and armrests , making it comfortable for my daughter to sit . There are n't a whole lot of cracks and crevices , which makes it easy to clean . The chair is sturdy and does n't tip over . It is larger than some of the other chairs , which were a little too small as my daughter grew . If I had to do it over again , I 'd buy this chair first . _________________ UPDATE
 I bought this potty chair for my 20 month-old daughter who we are attempting to potty train . She loved that she had her own potty chair to sit on while we were in the bathroom . She started out just sitting on it with her clothes on to get used to it . Since then , she has gone in the potty 5 or 6 times . I like that it is comfortable , simple , and easy to clean . After she pees in the potty , I just dump the contents into the regular toilet , rinse out the basin and we are ready to go again . The white color also makes it very obvious to me when she has actually done something on the potty . I had difficulty deciding between this chair and some of the other ones with all the bells and whistles , but I eventually decided I did n't want her to have all the distractions of the sounds and gadgets while trying to learn to use the potty . I was afraid she would view the fancier pottys as toys and not understand what the purpose of the potty chair was . In hindsight , I feel I made the correct decision for my daughter and ended up buying a second one to have one upstairs and one downstairs .
 I just received my BabyBjorn potty last week , and my daughter is only 15 months old , so I ca n't write about her being successful at potty training yet . But she has already gone # 1 in her potty the first time she ever sat on it bare-bottom , and I am thrilled . I bought this potty early so she would see it around and get use to it before being expected to use it . As soon as I took it out of the box she wanted to sit on it , and cried when I took her off or took her potty away . And because she likes sitting on it so much , she has started sitting on it immediately after I remove her dirty diapers during her diaper change , before I put her new diapers on . And about half the time she goes pee in it while she sits there.This potty is so sturdy and sanitary cause it is easy to clean . I love how long and deep the opening is , and how there is no chance for leakage . When it comes to potties , the simplest design is definitely the best . My daughter can lean on it without it tipping over , and she loves to comfortably lean against the backrest while sitting on it . The shape of this potty ensures that kids sit on it correctly every time . I am so happy I read the reviews before picking a potty , and bought this one from amazon instead of just going with whatever I could find at my local stores .
 Our family is just starting EC -LRB- elimination communication -RRB- with our 5 month old son . I take it back , we 're coming back to it after a break due to some other events in the family that just made it too challenging . While this potty is n't making the whole EC process any easier , it 's certainly making it more pleasant for everyone involved.First off , this potty is wonderfully small , which makes it ideal for our purposes . At the same time it 's big enough that my 3 year old can sit on it and could quite likely use it , not that he does . He prefers to use the toilet like a big boy , but I can see this potty being useful for long-term use in our family , and both for larger and smaller children.Our second favorite feature of this particular potty chair is the back . We had looked at other potties without a back , but this one makes it ideal for our purposes . Our little guy can sit on this potty chair on his own -LRB- closely supervised , of course -RRB- . Potty time is more enjoyable because he can lean back and wo n't topple over off the potty , which means our little one finds it so nice . He much prefers it to using the toilet or another receptacle . He particularly likes to sit on it while holding on to my knees , or to sit with his feet propped up on that rise in the front , putting him in a more classic EC squat without needing someone to hold him in that position . This allows me the ability to sit in front of him easily to hold his hands while he sits , or as he seems to prefer , holding my knees while between my legs while I sit on the couch in front of him.I can imagine for EC purposes this may be challenging for potty time with a younger baby as the back could get in the way , but I think it could be managed to potty the baby while facing the back of the potty chair similar to the way you would sitting in front of a full sized toilet . I ca n't comment on how it would work for a younger baby though as we got it when he was so much older.Overall , for both EC purposes and more traditional potty time , this potty chair is great . It 's pretty light , easy to transport , and easy to clean . While it 's not as small as other potty chairs that may be more convenient for on the go , it 's easy to move from room to room as need be and could easily enough be put in the back of a car to be taken on the road . We 're probably going to look for a travel potty solution that may work better for traveling , but for the time being we can make this work.Since this potty is so small and incredibly stable -LRB- our 3 year old and 5 month old can both sit on it securely without knocking it over -RRB- I can see this potty being useful for not just the EC baby , but also for a smaller child learning to use the potty . Small toddlers may find this ideal because it 's such an easy , convenient size for self-directed use . Both my boys love this potty . For my family it was a great investment .
 Since we practice elimination communication we looked for a potty that would work well for a young child who just began sitting with no -LRB- or very little -RRB- support . We started using this when our LO was 5.5 months old . From the age of 6.5 months or so , our LO was really comfortable on this potty -LRB- it was OK earlier , but only for very short duration -RRB- . It is very steady , and super easy to keep clean -- you just take out the inner compartment and wash it out . We are very happy with the decision to go with this model .
 I wanted a potty that my daughter would feel secure and comfortable in so that she could actually focus on the reason why we were having her sit on the potty to begin with ! This potty was perfect ! I love the high back and sides . The seat comes out and is so easy to clean ! I also appreciate the rubber around the bottom that keeps it from sliding on the tile floor . She can easily get on and off of the potty without it tipping too , which is a comfort to me ! The only `` complaint '' I would have is that it is hard to hear when she pees -LRB- which I listen for because I 'm trying to praise and reinforce this -RRB- . I do n't know that a singing potty would have really been a good thing for my daughter , but I think it would have been a helpful cue for me ! : -RRB-
 We have used many Potty seats . By far , this one is worth the buck ! My daughter is now 3 and started using the potty at 2 years old . She showed an interest . We were so concerned about using Elmo and something fun and forgetting what `` practical '' meant and `` usable '' for a 2 + year old . I have Babybjorn upstairs and downstairs in our home . My daughter loves it . She is getting a bit older now for this potty as she has grown , so we are looking for a good step stool for our toilets . If you are looking for a potty , this is the ONE TO BUY . The pee does not get out of the potty , its easy to clean and the shape of it works great for when they sit .
 My twin three-year-old boys both easily use the Baby Bjorn potty chair . I love it for its easy to clean surface , stable construction , and how user-friendly it is for my children . We own two
 I purchased 3 different potties for our son so that we could begin potty training . I wanted to have them in various parts of the house . One was an Elmo chair and the other a construction truck chair , and then the simple Baby Bjorn chair . This chair is FAR AND AWAY better than the other chairs . It is smooth on all sides , so that my son does n't scrape himself when trying to sit down on it quickly . It 's very easy to clean , and I like that the front guard is higher up to help avoid accidents . The other chairs either do n't have enough of a guard or they have sharp guards that can injur your child . All in all , I would say avoid any potty chairs with characters or gimmics , and just stick with this one . It is simple and the best chair out there !
 We got this for our 14 month old boy and he quickly got accustomed to using this . It is very easy to clean and is low enough to be very comfortable . He grew too tall for it within six months and we had to get him to the baby potty seat , which was another training curve . I liked the product .
 I was very satisfied with the quality of this potty chair . However , my daughter used it as a piano bench for her toy piano and nothing else . Then one day I took her to a family restroom that had a little potty in it and she ran for it to go sit down . I immediately bought her a potty chair that looked more like a real toilet and found that she actually was interested in potty training , she just did n't realize this chair was supposed to be a potty .
 Thanks to Amazon 's 90 day return policy , we bought 4 different potties for our boy to try . No , he did n't `` use '' them , just sat on them to test durability , comfort , and function.Durability - solid plastic . I 'm not going to sit on it , but it handles a 32lb kid no problemComfort - No problem sitting on this potty . the raised back is very nice additionFunction - The most important aspect . The raised lip on the front is a MUST for boys . Other potties we tried the lip was not high enough -LRB- or not there -RRB- , which could be a disaster . Raised back is also helpful for holding and guiding your kid down.Highly recommend this for potty training at home . We have the other brand/styles that have wipe holders , etc but do n't use it . Avoid the `` talking '' potties and create your own reward system -LRB- M&M ; 's work great or there are a ton of potty training apps for phones and tablets -RRB- . You can also get one of the more basic , smaller potties to keep in your car for trips .
 After going through the potty learning process with 4 kiddos , I 've got a handle on it . Wipe , Flush , Wash is easy to say , tough to get down pat . This is my 3rd potty seat . My first was a gift , handmade from wood with a slide in insert that was a huge pain to remove without smearing you know what everywhere . It was pretty , but not practical . The second was a cute little Fisherprice one with a fancy electric sound of flushing when you pressed the `` silver '' handle . The silver quickly wore off and all the cracks and crevices were impossible to clean.When bubs # 4 was ready , I was looking for a new seat . One that was portable , easy to use , and most importantly , easy to clean . With all those small parts and tight corners , some pottys really lose their shine after a while , both figuratively and literally . After some research , I decided to purchase this one . I can honestly say that it is the only potty I love . :-RRB- Simple , portable design , bright , fun colors , and a comfortable , easy-to-clean seat certainly do make this the best potty EVER!The BabyBjorn is easy to clean , and it 's contoured seat is the most comfortable I 've seen . -LRB- Honestly , getting a potty learner to sit on something with a hole in the bottom is hard enough , why make the seat uncomfortable ? -RRB- The side handles help them to `` aim '' their behind better , and the insert easily lifts out for dumping and detailed cleaning , and their are no corners , anywhere , for dirt to hide in . It 's made of extremely durable plastic AND has a non-skid base on the bottom so it does n't slip when your kiddo sits down.One word of caution
 Very sturdy and has rubber to grip the floor so it is stable ! The best part -LRB- and the main reason I purchased this potty -RRB- is that it is PVC and BPA free !! No harmful plastic in our home !
 just what we wanted !!!! Description was right on . My Grand child has truly taken to it . It wo n't be long now !
 I like how it is a basic potty with no frills . Currently DS is not using it yet , but I ca n't wait to get out of cloth diapers !
 This is great , partly because it 's low-profile and does n't take up much space , and also -LRB- best of all -RRB- because it 's SO easy to clean ! The plastic seems super-slippery so all potty messes slide off OR are easily wiped away with cleaning solution . Even the white does n't discolor over time . The slight rubber bottom keeps it sticking to tile , so that 's convenient . I would definitely recommend this to any and all looking for a small , simple quality training toilet . For boys , the pee guard lip works pretty well .
 My son loves this potty chair , so much so that we 've bought three of them in different colors , one for each of our bathrooms . The high back is nice and the seat seems comfortable enough . My son is potty training at 2.5 years old and we 've been using the potty chair for several months . The high back helps guide him onto the chair correctly . We 've never had a problem with him spraying over the top of the splash guard . It 's nice and high ! Additionally , the seat is easy to remove for cleaning , and we have n't had any issues with other areas of the chair getting dirty and requiring cleaning . The mess is contained nicely within the seat . My son can even pour the contents into the &#34; big toilet &#34; on his own without any spilling . Lastly , the base is wide and sturdy , and the rubber bottom keeps it from sliding when he sits and stands . We 've tried several of the seats that fit on top of a regular toilet seat , but both of them wobbled and fit incorrectly , and my son is too nervous to use them . This seat makes him feel secure and confident while he 's learning this new skill ! Overall , we are very pleased and have recommended this potty chair to several friends already !
 This is the best potty for boys . My son rarely pee 's out of it and the splash guard in built in and comfortable . He loves this little potty ! The only downfall is having to clean the insert , but that would be the same with any potty that does n't attach to the toilet .
 I purchased several potty seats before buying this one . This is the only one the my son can sit on comfortably . Several are more round therefore being better for a girl , some of the boy splash guards are to sharp . I highly recommend this seat to any parent with a boy .
 Having selected this chair based on the reviews here I felt I should give my own . This was for my first child , now 3 and we bought this over a year ago . He is fully potty trained now and still uses this seat and I think he 'll be using it for a while to come . It cleans and disinfects very easily and still looks brand new . He 's very comfortable in it and its a very very good fit . It was a year ago , and it still is . For the novice parent of boys , it does n't matter how high they make the splash guard , boys need to point it down . That took some learning on my part . We have the Bjorn that fits over the potty too , but we 've hardly used it . He and we love this one way too much and its so much easier for him to use the potty on his own .
 I have bought several potties for my son ! I wish we had bought this one first and we would of been able to save so much ! It 's the best ! So good , we bought another one to keep at grandmas house . My son loves this potty and it 's so easy to clean . My son is almost 4 . This one is the most comfortable one he 's ever tried too !
 I bought this potty chair to replace a potty I bought last year . I chose this one because of the reputation of Baby Bjorn products and I feel that this chair has made good on that reputation . This potty seat is simple , just the base and removable pot which is a feature I was looking for since we move the potty seat from room to room . The splashguard is part of the removable pot so it can not be removed or misplaced , another feature I was pleased with since the splashguard on the other potty has gone MIA . This potty chair is sturdy and does not have a flimsy base like the previous potty seat I bought . It also has a rubber strip along the bottom so it stays in place.I have read reviews of other people 's toddlers not being able to fit or boys hurting their sensitive parts but we have not experienced this . My son is cautious when he sits on the seat and I am there of course to supervise and help . As for not being able to fit , I had my 7 and 10 year olds sit on the seat and my slim 7 year old fit with room to spare and my average sized 10 year old was able to slide right in but it did n't stick to her hips when she stood up , so my average sized 21/2 year old fits on it just fine .
 Got this for my daughter -LRB- shes 2 -RRB- . I like it real well . She is a smaller child and it fits pretty good . She can sit on it and on feel like she 's going to fall in . I would recommend this to others . I also got the step stool . She likes to run over to the sink and wash her hands when she 's done ... The step is nice too.BabyBjorn Safe Step - White -LRB- I got the pink one to match her seat -RRB- It stays put and is sturdy .
 I bought this potty chair for my 20 month old daughter . She loves to sit on it but for some reason she likes to sit on it without the bowl . She is short for her age so when she sits on it the splash guard gets in the way . So I put the bowl underneath the potty and it works great for us . Overall this is a great potty . No distractions , portable , and seems to be comfortable to sit on . I would recommend this potty to anyone looking for something to train their child . Good Luck to all the moms and dads !
 I bought this chair for my almost-14-month-old son to get him used to seeing it and sitting on it . I usually put him on it with his clothes on and he thinks it 's funny to stand up and sit down over and over again . I 've put him on it a couple times without his diaper and most times he actually uses it ! I think it 's more likely due to lucky timing , but I 'm still so proud ! I 'm not pushing the potty-training idea yet since he 's not quite 15 months yet , but so far he seems happy about the chair . I am a little worried about him outgrowing it before he is fully potty trained , but I 'll probably just get him the BabyBjorn attachment to a regular toilet if that happens .
 I have been trying to use the old potty chair I used for my older children , but just like it did n't work for them , it did n't work for my youngest son either . The old one had a small round shaped container , the baby bjorn has an oval shaped container which makes it possible to get it all in there and not all over the back of the chair . The splash gard is the perfect size for my little guy . It is very stable and does n't tip over when he stands up . The fact that it does n't turn into a step stool is just one more perk !!! He ca n't pull it apart !!! It 's just the right size for my almost two year old . I read many reviews and went back and forth about this chair and the smaller one , and concluded that this one would be best considering the size of my little guy . He 's not huge , but he is taller than most kids his age . I ca n't believe I waited until my last baby to find this chair !! Hindsight really is 20/20 is n't it !!!!
 We have tried a number of potties before I came across this product . The ones we purchased prior to the BabyBjorn were either uncomfortable for sitting or difficult to empty out . What I like most about this potty is the raised round support . it makes it easy to start early with the child . Our 15 month old girl uses it as her chair in the bathroom . The raised front of the bowl serves as handle for emptying as well as to prevent splashing from boys . This is a functionally designed potty in every respect .
 `` me love mine potty ! mi mommy liks it also and got me too of dem !!! even dough mine fwends wowe undies , me did n't kare-me liked diapers but wen mommy getted me dis comfy potty , i never gon na go in mi diapers ever again.i luv it cuz i can do it bi miself like mi mommy and daddy !!! weneva i need to go i just go an sit down.it is so cozy dat me dozent mind sitting on it for while.sinc it is ony too peices , when im dunn i can just spill it in da toilet and wipe itwith potty wipes * and its all cleen for next time ! `` Mom 's Commentary ; This potty is really fantastic!I bought two of them-one for upstairs and one for downstairs.I especially like the white one because it gives a clean look.All the other pottys I 've tried either had lots of grooves and peices that were hard to clean and deal with or were only one piece which we would have a whole `` operation clean-up '' after each use . As my child mentioned , she can spill it in the toilet and then clean it with CLOROX WIPES . -LRB- she calles them `` potty wipes '' * -RRB- The rubber strip on the bottom makes it stay where its put.I also bought the matching stool so that she can wash her hands and that stool proves to be great as well!I think that this potty deserves five stars !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 What a surprise!I kindof assumed that I would have to bite the bullet and buy something not made in the usa . . but this actually is made here !!! I ca n't wait till my lil guy uses it ! Finally a company that hasnn ' t sold us out !
 Son has only sat on it a few times . Slow going in getting him potty trained so do n't have a ton of info to give .
 I practice Elimination Communication -LRB- EC -RRB- with my child -LRB- boy -RRB- . We started with this potty when he was 5 months old , and it has worked great . He was n't quite able to sit up on his own at 5 months , and the high back provided both of us with a lot of security . -LRB- Disclaimer
 She 's still being potty trained , but she likes to sit on the chair . Easy to clean . The only draw back is that she can play with the removable bowl . She takes it out . It 's simple .
 This product is so awsome I acually bought 3 of them for my daughter . One for home , and one for each grandparent 's house . Adorable , practical , easy to use and clean . Also very durable if you have one of `` those kids . '' Good price , ready for potty-training . You ca n't go wrong with this product .
 my 13 month old likes to sit on it , even though we 're WAY early ... also wears the removable potty part for a hat . maybe in a year or two ... seems like a nice comfy product though - look forward to using it when the time 's right . maybe i can review it again then .
 My mother brought a few potty for my daughter and they are either too small or just so uncomfortable for my heavy built toddler , she ended up kicking it around the house . When we saw this at the store , we knew we have to get it because my daughter would n't get off of it . I started actively potty training her at 27 months . She loves sitting in it so much that she would make excuses just to sit in it . She is a big girl -LRB- 38 lbs -RRB- and the high back is perfect for her to relax and go about her business . And after a week , she is pretty much day trained and she started taking me to go potty with her every morning . This potty makes her feel like a big girl as well because she can help Mommy emptying `` the bowl '' into the toilet all by herself . And I found it very easy to clean .
 This design could n't be any more simple ! Two pieces of plastic . An insert that removes easily to empty out ! Must have been designed by Apple 's JONATHON IVE ! Now , if I could only get my little boy to use it a bit more often ! Still working on that one ! Great chair . Highly recommended !
 I actually went to B R Us and had my twins try this out before I bought it online -LRB- which was cheaper -RRB- . I looked at other potty chairs-some had musical flushes , soft chairs , lids , etc , but decided agaist the others because I did n't like the idea of cleaning between little nooks & crannies and/or putting in batteries , etc. . I bought 2 of these , one for each of my 19 month old twin girls . It is extremely easy & simple to clean . My twins can eaily & comfortably sit on it for minutes at a time , even though they are on the small side -LRB- 31 & 32 inches tall -RRB- . I especially like that it stays in place and does n't scoot all over the floor-unless the twins are behind it & pushing!I highly recommend this potty chair .
 My daughter got this potty a few days ago for her 2nd b-day . She has been using it non-stop since and is fully trained ! Other reviews complained that because of the guard it was n't a great girl chair . Well my short 2 yr old girl has no problem plopping down on it with zero discomfort . She can also easily pick up the pot and empty it herself . I love that it is so streamlined
 This is my second potty purchase and I truly wished it had been my first . My first was the fisher price fun to learn potty , which costs about $ 5 more and is shaped like a regular toilet with the pretend flush handle . My son thought it was a toy and constantly `` flushed '' to hear the music instead of sitting on it . When this potty arrived and I took it out the box , he grabbed it and said `` mine '' and immediately sat down on it . He started using it the very next day and it 's been a success so far . I do n't know if it 's the potty or if he 's just ready to be potty trained -LRB- he just turned 3 -RRB- but I do know that he loves his potty . I highly recommend getting this and forget about the bells and whistles of the fisher price model .
 We 've had this for 7 months!Well designed ... easy to clean , and easy on the tush.We just empty , rinse , and wipe with a lysol wipe to sanitize.My 3 yr old son has anxiety about big toilets , and still uses this even though he 's been potty trained with NO accidents for 6 months . He 'll use a `` big potty '' if there 's nothing else , but he loves the independence of using this one ... and frankly so do I.We 're buying another one for my daughter and I 'm actually excited about potty training!I read all the reviews , but I was still scared about buying this one , we had already tried 2 others , and this one is more expensive.IT 'S ABSOLUTELY WORTH THE EXTRA MONEY !!! We plunked this sucker in front of the television , and sitting for the long wait for # 2 was n't torture for him.The front is nice and high ... although we still had to teach him to hold his -LSB- ... -RSB- down to avoid messes . Nothing is mess-proof during potty training , but this one DEFITELY cut down on the spills.We used stickers as rewards , and he put them on his potty.The container is big ... the other products we tried had tiny containers.Okay , I know there are more awesome things about this potty , I just ca n't think of them right now .
 We just started using it on our 9 months baby girl . I 've always holded her for pee and poo poo . However , she 's a big girl and has gotten so heavy that every time she poos , it takes forever to wait . My arms are always ended up very sore each time . I said , well , maybe it 's time for potty ! I know it 's quite early for potty train but it 's good to setup a regular poo poo time for infant so they can be easily potty trained later . I 've always been a fan of Babybjorn , its baby carrier did n't disappoint me . So I immediately bought this potty . For the first time , she cried when sitting on it . I said , maybe it is indeed too early for potty . Yesterday , I tried again , guess what ? She did n't cry ! She had her first poo poo in the potty ! Today again ! She did n't cry at all ! The only to becareful with infant tho is that you have to hold them and make sure that they do n't fall ... Other than that , it 's fine ... Great potty ! Highly recommend !
 This is a great potty for bigger kids . My Daughter is on the tall side but more slender and I found this to be a good `` fit '' . It was even easy for her to empty herself ! We ended up getting the white one though , since we wanted it to look like the `` big potty ''
 My son has just started potty training and he is very comfortable on this one . I love that you can take the inner part out and wash it . Very user friendly . The color is amazing .
 I bought two of these potties on the recommendadtion of a friend . They are neutral in color and look like our adult `` potties '' which our daughter loves . Easy to clean , removable section makes it simple to empty and wash . We 're very happy with our choice .
 We really like this chair for our little boy ! He enjoys sitting in it , and seems very comfortable , as he reads his books or watches tv waiting `` to produce . `` It 's a good height , has a good ergonomic design , and the splash guard in front is perfect for a little boy.The plastic basin cleans up very easily , so the poo slides right out into the toilet , and then washes up quickly!I think you 'll be happy with this chair ; just note it has no adapter for a grown-up toilet seat.We also like this shade of red , it 's a nice bright , rich red , which I think would work equally well for a little girl , or a little boy .
 I got this for my daughter after reading all the great reviews and they are all accurate . The fact that the potty was only two pieces and easy to clean was the selling point . No nooks and crannies to catch dust and other yucky stuff . My daughter has been potty trained for 6 months now , but stills prefers this potty to the big toilet . A + +
 I was looking for a potty seat that would fit my son - he 's a little big for his age and all the other chairs had teeny tiny holes for the ... poop . Plus , all of the deflectors would end up hurting him . This chair definitely fit the bill . The hole is big enough , the deflector is built in and does n't hurt him at all and on top of all of that , it 's SO easy to keep clean . I would recomend this potty seat to everyone !
 With five young children in our home , we have two of these Baby Bjorn potties . With constant use -LRB- and abuse -RRB- they still look brand new ! They are easy to clean -LRB- I have even stuck the bowl portion in the dishwasher -RRB- and easy to transport . My kids LOVE the bright colors which make potty training easier :-RRB- Well worth the money !!
 I like the simple design . It 's also easy to clean , portable , and my son likes to sit in it . The only reason why I did n't give it a five star rating is because when my son gets up , the seat sticks to him . I would have to hold it down in order to prevent a mess from occurring .
 We had bought a potty chair when our son turned 2 , when he started using it a few months later I was greatly disappointed , I spent so much time trying to keep it clean , it had lots of little cracks and crevices and it was not really big enough . After reading reviews on this potty I decided to buy it . . . boy am I glad I did , this potty is larger than most of the ones I have seen and it is so easy to keep clean . My son is not a large 2 year old and he had trouble with the one we originally bought . We have no more messes on the floor and this simple two piece design makes keeping it cleaned a breeze .
 And he sat on the weee little chair , and it fit him just right . I purchased this potty along with the Once Upon a Potty DVD , which at 22 months my son was n't too excited about , but at 25 months and just today infact , he woke up dry and was ready to use the potty for the first time . I chose white to match with our Big Potty and love how all the curves are soft on it . It also has a back rest so they are encouraged to sit all the way back . Also , the seat just lends itself to pinch-free comfort . The little cup is easy to pour , clean and put back for little hands . We bought two , one for upstairs and one for the downstairs . Good Luck !
 I am so grateful that I found this potty for my son . It is really the perfect potty chair . It is so well designed . It is sturdy and does not tip at all , even if he leans on just one of the arms or kicks it , etc. . It has a nice high back to give him support and is the perfect height . It has a deflector that is part of the bowl , so that it is all one piece , which is very important for little boys . -LRB- Due to this design feature we have not had any problem with the pee going anywhere but in the bowl -RRB- It is also super easy to clean . Just remove the bowl , dump in the big toliet , wipe with tissue and a Lysol wipe and you are done . Simple , simple , simple . Best of all , my son actually uses this potty and is very successful with it . Once again , Baby Bjorn lives up to its reputation.We had also tried the `` Once Upon a Potty '' potty chair , but it was too hard to clean out -LRB- no removeable bowl -RRB- .
 We love this potty . It 's easy for our son to use and easy for us to clean . The splashguard is the best !
 My son was 17 months old when I ordered/recieved this item . He was just getting interested in the potty and trying to take his clothes off . When I got the package he was right there and he tried it out right away . he fits perfectly on it , but it is a little ackward for a beiginer . Now a month latter he is seasoned at sitting down on it and getting back up . He is almost potty trained and I am convinced it is because of this potty chair .
 The BabyBjorn potty chair works very well with my little boy as the guard is excellent for blocking urine from getting out of the stool . My niece uses it as well and loves it . It is a good height , stable base , easy to clean and I love that it has a back for their comfort .
 Do n't think or look any more , just buy this one . So easy to use , my son took to it right way . That 's after he had a not so pleasant experience with 2 others we tried first . This potty is lightweight my son can carry it from one room to another ; super easy to clean no crevices to trap urine ; and nicely designed . No need for all the bells and whistles , they were distracting to my son too . He 's been using it for about 6 months , now I just have to figure out how to transition him to the big potty . BABYBjorn also makes a potty for that , which I will be buying too . Perfect !
 We bought a different , 3-in-1 style potty initially and boy , was it a pain to keep clean . This made it -LRB- and the bathroom -RRB- stink to no end . It also had a removable pee-guard that our son loved to remove and drop in the toilet.I LOVE how simple this potty is . Two pieces , plus a built-in pee guard -LRB- which our 18 month old has had no issues with -RRB- . We have n't had an issue with him peeing out of the potty . I think the high seat back makes him feel more secure while he 's sitting there doing his business . It also has no-skid rubber on the bottom , so no more scooting around the bathroom.Buy this , you wo n't regret it !
 This is a great potty chair . I like it because my daughter can carry it around the room and play with it without it falling apart . My son had one with a lid and it fell apart and was cumbersome every time he tried to move it .
 I picked this potty up 2 days ago and I really ca n't complain . My daughter is 9 months old and seems to have no problem with it . I do understand some of the concerns with pee coming out because it happened to us yesterday . I did n't make a big deal about it and it did n't seem to bother her . I happened to have it sitting on a waterproof pad , just incase , so nothing got on my carpet . But she seems very comfortable on it .
 My daughter has been using this since her tenth month . Although the potty offers no frills
 My son is 30 months old and I was trying to train him on the big potty with the ring insert with no luck at all , he hated it . So I read all the potty reviews and this potty stood out as being the best , and it is !!! My son is a big boy and he fits on it perfectly . The pee guard works very well , so far no spray over . He loves sitting on it so much that he does it all the time . He will even pee when he barely has to , and it 's super easy to clean . My son was completely trained after just 2 days , it was amazing , I never thought it would be this easy ! There are a lot of cutesy character potties out there that talk to your child and come with all kinds of bells and whistles , but this simple design ensures that your child will use it as it was intended and not think it 's just another toy to be played with . I highly recommend this potty !!!!! *****
 I am so happy with this potty chair . My daughter potty trained at 21/2 years old and we have been using this chair for about 8 months . It is wonderful ! The high back is great for the times she needs to sit for a while . She can relax in comfort . One of the best features of this chair is the removable bowl . It makes cleaning very easy . The main reason why I purchased this chair is because I did n't want a character potty in out 1st floor bathroom that guests use . We are very happy with this potty chair and would highly recommend this product . It costs a little more than some of the other potty chairs on the market but I would say this chair is worth every penny !
 Our son who has n't actually used this potty yet does love to sit on it and he also loves to move it around . We love that is it has a simple bowl for the pee and that the pee guard does n't come off . With its ease of cleaning and easy to move design we would easily recommend this potty to anyone .
 This is the first potty chair I have ever bought and was a little nervous despite the great reviews ... & I realized it was all for nothing . This is such a great product ; my son absolutely loves it , willingly sits on it , and there are no messy accidents when he is using it . & best of all , it is made in the good ol' US of A ! : -RRB-
 I ca n't believe I 'm writing a review about a potty , but this is one great little toilet . Do n't waste your time with any others if you 're trying to potty train . We read `` Toilet Training in Less Than A Day , '' and my 31/2 year old daughter was truly trained the day we got this potty using those methods ... after several unsuccessful attempts using other , more complicated potties . This seemed comfortable for her to sit on with a place to rest against if she needed to be there a while , and she was able to empty it herself without making a mess . It is easy to clean and the white is refreshingly not obnoxious looking for those trying to maintain the illusion that your bathroom is a spa . I 've got nothing else to say ; this is a well designed product we will use with all our children .
 No `` nooks and crannies '' for `` stuff '' to accumulate . Sturdy , simple , perfect . Our triplet boys played with them when they arrived and just started using them . Easy to clean , easy to stack -LRB- we have three -RRB- , right size , what else is there to say ? Great item .
 Love this potty . Not only is it cute but has some great qualities .1 -RRB- High back and stable base - toddler is n't likely to tip over in this . -LRB- have had other potties where this was a problem -RRB- 2 -RRB- Simple design means no extras that mean extra crevices , joints and leak points . As a result easy to clean . -LRB- Have had others that I dreaded to clean-up after use ... practically needed an old toothbrush to get the gunk out of the crevices . -RRB-
 I ordered two BABYBJORN potty chairs , one for our grandson and one as a gift for another baby . After researching many designs on the web , this product seemed the best .
 My son is about 2 and he started showing interest in using the potty , so after much research I decided on this potty chair . This chair is very durable and does n't slide around the bathroom floor like most potty chairs . Also , it is very easy to clean w/removable pot and the splash guard actually works . My older son had a fisher price royal potty seat when he was younger and it was a joke , very hard to clean , splash guard did n't work & the music was a real distraction . Keeping it simple is the best way to potty train . When my son goes to the bathroom I reward him with a popsicle and I make a big deal about him going potty each time to keep him coming back : -RRB-
 This was the second potty that we tried , and we finally found it . Definately great for boys ! Also , very stable . My son sometimes sits there for a while just because it 's comfy , definately a plus when you starting potty training .
 After trying a potty chair that always ended up with a mess due to an inadequate splash guard for boys , I did my research and purchased this one . He has no trouble using this one and I have no messes to clean off the floor or walls !
 My son is VERY tall for his age -LRB- he 's almost 3 and is 41 '' tall -RRB- so it has been very hard finding him a seat that he fits on comfortably . This seat is great and he enjoys sitting on it .
 I had purchased at first just a regular potty from a local store and didnt think it would be a big deal a potty is a potty . . well i was wrong after buying the first one my daughter would turn herself around on it and it had nooks and cranies where germs would stay since it was hard to clean ... i then read the reviews for the baby bjorn potty and knew this was the one my daughter is small and it fits her like a glove and she doesnt do the spins anymore and it is so easy to clean with everything a smooth surface ... i would highly recommend this one to anyone who is looking for a good potty
 We were given this potty by a neighbor , and my son has had some great early success on it . It 's comfy , and the fact that the splash guard is a unibody construction with the removable pot is a godsend , in terms of how easy it is for my son to get on and off the chair . Within days of his first success , he was able to use this potty with no help and carry the pot in to me in the next room to show off his latest success ! However , we did n't find out how truly great it was until we tried to buy a second potty for upstairs use . We 've purchased two others . One had a splash guard so low and poorly designed that my son 's `` privates '' landed squarely on top of it every time he sat down . Another had a high splash guard , but it was soft and movable and flopped down underneath my son every time he sat down . He 's become very upset each time we try a new terrible potty and I feel awful for putting him through it . No more . We 're buying a 2nd Baby Bjorn right now and I 'd highly recommend that anyone about to embark on the potty training journey with a boy do the same . Simply the most well-designed potty chair out there .
 I went thru 3 other potty chairs and my son did not like any of them . I was especially impressed with the oval opening versus the usual circular opening on other chairs . I found this potty to be the easiest to clean . This was the best potty I have found and works especially well for a boy . Highly recommend this .
 This is light , safe , easy to clean and attractive . My daughter likes it and is having no trouble so far using it . She can easily and safely get on and off it by herself or with help . It is also easy to clean .
 I love this potty ! It has a high back for support and is the most comfortable chair that we 've tried ! A WORD OF CAUTION , our son was hesitant to try this new potty as we 'd tried several of the cheaper ones first . As the saying goes , you get what you pay for . Start with this potty . It really is a great purchase .
 I DECIDED TO POTTY TRAIN MY SON USING JUST A POTTY TOPPER AND A STOOL . HE REALLY LOVES TO DO THINGS ALL BY HIMSELF JUST LIKE MOMMY AND DADDY SO I FIGURED THAT WOULD WORK BEST FOR HIM . NO MATTER WHAT I DID HE CONTINUED TO HAVE ACCIDENT AFTER ACCIDENT . WE WOULD SIT IN THE BATHROOM FOR LONG PERIODS OF TIME AND HE WOULD ALWAYS PEE AFTER I TOOK HIM OFF THE POTTY . I DECIDED THAT GETTING HIM HIS OWN POTTY SEAT WOULD ENABLE HIM TO SIT ON THE POTTY FOR LONGER PERIODS OF TIME , INFRONT OF THE TV OR IN THE LIVING ROOM , WITH THE FAMILY , OR IN HIS ROOM . I THOUGHT THAT IT MIGHT BE JUST THE THING TO MAKE HIM UNDERSTAND SO I WENT ON THE INTERNET TO PICK ONE OUT . I PICKED THE BABYBJORN POTTY CHAIR BECAUSE OF THE SIMPLICITY OF THE DESIGN , EASY CLEAN UP AND THE DEFLECTOR . MOST SEATS HAVE VERY SMALL DEFLECTORS OR NONE AT ALL . SOME HAVE DEFLECTORS THAT DO N'T STAY PUT . I ALSO LIKED THAT IS WAS DESIGNED TO STAY ON THE FLOOR AND NOT SLIP , SLIDE , OR GET STUCK TO THE CHILD.THE DAY THIS ARRIVED MY SON HAD HAD THREE CONSECUTIVE ACCIDENTS TO SPITE THAT FACT THAT WE HAD SPEND MOST OF THE DAY IN THE BATHROOM . I WAS JUST ABOUT TO GIVE UP AND PUT HIM BACK IN PULL UPS WHEN IT FINALLY ARRIVED . HE WAS SCARED AT FIRST BUT I TOLD HIM THAT THIS WAS HIS VERY OWN NEW POTTY CHAIR AND THE SECOND HE SAT DOWN HE PEED IN IT !!! I LET HIM TAKE THE POT TO THE BIG POTTY AND DUMP IT WITH ME AND THAT WAS IT ! HE WAS HOOKED . I DID N'T EVEN NEED TO ENCOURAGE HIM ANYMORE OR HARASS HIM TO SIT DOWN . HE WOULD JUST RUN RIGHT OVER AND PEE AND THEN DECLARE `` I DID IT !!!! MOMMY HELP ME DUMP IT . '' HE ONLY USED THIS POTTY CHAIR FOR ONLY ONE DAY BUT IT WAS DEFINETLY WHAT HE NEEDED TO GET THE IDEA . THE VERY NEXT MORNING HE SAID THAT HE WANTED TO USE THE BIG POTTY NOW AND HAS NEVER LOOKED BACK . WE USE THE POTTY CHAIR NOW FOR OUTINGS . IT IS GREAT ! EASY TO CLEAN AND EASY TO BRING ALONG IN THE CAR !!! I WOULD HAVE GIVEN 5 STARS IF NOT FOR THE FACT THAT THE DEFLECTOR IS JUST A BIT LOW . IF MY SON WAS N'T LEANING FORWARD TO WATCH HIMSELF PEE IT WOULD BE A CLOSE CALL.THERE WERE A FEW REVIEWS THAT STATED THAT THEIR CHILD 'S LEGS WERE BEING SQUISHED BECAUSE OF THE DEFLECTOR BEING SO WIDE ... MY SON WILL BE 3 IN 2 MONTHS AND HE IS A BIG BOY IN THE TOP 75 PERCENT FOR HEIGHT AND WEIGHT AND HE FIT FINE WITH LOTS OF ROOM TO SPARE !!! THAT WAS THE ONLY THING THAT CONCERNED ME WHEN I READ THE REVIEWS .
 I first got this for my 6month old son , after reading the `` Diaper free before 3 '' book . In India , the grandmothers start potty training the babies well around 4-5 months when they start sitting with support . In the same aspect , I got this chair just to make sure my son sits on the potty chair when parents use the bathroom and it worked very well . I am writing this review since I dint see any other reviews for kids as young as 6 months.The first day , as soon as me and my son got up , we went to the bathroom and sat on our own potty chairs , surprisingly , he peed in this , on the first day only ! From then on we are repeating it every day and he seems to understand he has to pee to get out of that chair and hence does it . He likes to sit on this one , as it has the backrest , and armrest for both of his arms and his foot has not yet touched the floor but , its good enough for him . In a way , its good that his foot has not touched the floor yet , as he doesnt try to stand up :--RRB- . He has one of his squirty friends or a book in his hands to keep him happy . Even if he tries to reach for something on the either side , the chair doesnt trip and it holds well.Every single time , I put him on this , any time of day , he pees assuming thats what I want him to do . Pooping , we have not started yet , but so far it has been easy to clean and the splash guard does work great , remove the inner seat and wash it in warm water , and its even sanitized!Its been about a month since I got the first potty and here I am ready to buy my second one for the bathroom on the first floor . I got the Fisher-Price Precious Planet Froggy Friend Potty but he doesnt like it since it has no back or arm rest ! He wouldnt sit on it even once , and its going back to Amazon today while I order my second potty chair !
 We LOVE the baby Bjorn potty chair for our THREE MONTH OLD . Seriously , for those of you that are interested in infant potty training/elimination communication this is definitely the potty for you . Our daughter can sit in it without us holding her up even though she is not yet sitting up on her own . And she does n't mind it at all . The high rounded back and the front splash guard help hold her in place similar to the way a BUMBO seat -LRB- not for potty use -RRB- does it . We also really like the fact that the actual compartment that she pees/poops in is detached so that you can just take that to the sink/toilet and rinse it really easily . There are TONS of colors to choose from and right now the price on AMAZON is a good deal -LRB- like 22 $ no tax or shipping -RRB- . Totally get this seat !
 I purchased this chair for the training of our 2-year old twin boys . I liked that it was a neutral white color without unnecessary bells and whistles . It is very easy to clean , and has a rubberized non-slip base , which is great for tile bathroom floors . If you have tall toddlers , you may want to skip this chair and go right to the flip-down toilet seat , though . Our boys are both very tall and this chair was too small for them . The chair sits quite low to the ground and their knees would be up too high when they would sit on it . The bowl is also quite small , making it difficult to `` hit the target '' and we would often end up with leakage onto the floor . With girls it might work better ? If I had to do it again , I would probably skip the chair . Overall , this is a nice product , but best for smaller-statured toddlers .
 I got this for my 11 month old because she was starting to tell us when she was wet and needed a change by pointing to her changing table or upstairs . Sometimes she would even tell us ahead of time . We are not planning to put any pressure to train at this age but we thought it would be good to have it on hand and get her familiar with it.To our surprise she figured out what it was for without a lot of fanfare and will go and stand on it or near it when she wants to use it . She does n't use it every time , but has a handful of times and for sure is on the path to diaper freedom.Pros : Comfortable for the little one -LRB- she is about 20lbs -RRB- The inside comes out for cleaning and there are not any seams to gather gunk.Looks like a real toilet.Cons : Wo n't work as a seat on a real toilet.The back is smooth , slippery and tapered with no handle which makes it hard to grasp.Pro tip
 My two year old loves this chair . We are just practicing sitting on it right now . It fits her well and it 's easy for her to get on and off it . It does n't slide around on the floor and she seems to be comfortable while using it .
 Fits my toddler perfectly , easy clean-up with the detachable bowl , very well put together . What else can you ask for ?
 Everything as expected , but now that I have it , it would be nice if it had a lid to cover when not in use.The other thing ... . when a child gets up , the insert part has the tendency to stick to the child 's skin , but it does fall down back within a second or two .
 We have two other potties -LRB- hand me downs , etc -RRB- and this one is far superior . My son prefers this throne to the others and that says it all . Easy to clean , no silly lid that falls down , breaks etc. and very comfortable . Get one for your little pooper .
 This is a great potty chair . We have a frog potty in our upstairs bathroom and my daughter complains that it hurts her bum . This is her favorite and she says it is comfy . It 's the perfect size and easy to dump and clean after each use .
 This item probably does n't need another review but I have to say this is really an excellent potty chair . When my son was about 16 months we got him an inexpensive safety 1st potty . At that time we just wanted to introduce him to the potty and see what happened . He had a few victories on the potty but they were few and far between . He was n't really interested in using it and when he did he often peed out of it because the guard was not at all sufficient which really frustrated the both of us . He is now 23 months and seeing that he was becoming more interested in the potty I wanted to try another model . I ordered this one and I told my son he was going to have a new potty coming in the mail , on the day it came I got him excited and we opened the box together . He immediately loved it and used it 4 times successfully within the next few hours . It has been about a week now and I swear this potty is magic . He loves it and uses it all day everyday with ease and success . Definitely a very worthwhile purchase !
 Our 2-year-old-son is being potty trained using one of these chairs in each of our bathrooms . He 's very large for his age , around 40 '' tall and 37lbs . He fits on the chairs with no problem , seems very comfortable on them , and they have been working great for us . They 're very easy to clean , and the splash guard is useful , although it 's not a substitute for gentle reminders to point the , erm , `` hose '' down when he 's sitting down to pee . The grips on the bottom seem to work well on our tile/vinyl flooring . Definitely recommend .
 This potty seat is perfect . My daughter is almost 3 so a bigger potty was necessary . I love the back on this as well as the splash protector in the front . Even girls can spray and make a mess ! LOL My little girl picked out the green color herself and it 's very pretty . It 's easy and convenient to lift out the white part and pour the pee in the potty . The bottom has a good grip so it 's not sliding all over the floor . Excellent product .
 GREAT POTTY CHAIR . The built in splash guard is so nice for little boys , but this chair is fine for girls as well . Reviews I read before I ordered the BabyBjorn potty chair remarked how well the BabyBjorn suited larger toddlers . My 21/2 year old grandson is very small for his age and this potty chair is a fine size for him , too . His feet reach the floor comfortably when he is sitting on it . The removable oval bowl design is a great feature , as it allows more room for the child to sit comfortably and `` complete their business '' . The bowl is also easy to empty . I highly recommend the BabyBjorn potty chair .
 Seems to be a very sturdy and comfortable chair for my 19mo daughter . No frills design makes for easy clean up and no distractions . It 's rather light and tends to scoot on the floor as she 's trying to sit , but I 'd still buy it again .
 Love it , love it , love it ! We have had it less than 24 hours and my 18 month old daughter has used it about 6 times . It is perfect for us !
 We had the Safety First chair and were excited , because it was the same one that Elmo used in his Potty training video . Quickly I found out that the opening was too small . Even for my daughter . The opening is a circle not a oval . If she did n't sit all the way back and lean forward her urine would leak all over the front making a mess to clean up . Let 's not even talk about the way she had to sit on that chair to `` poopoo '' . A friend bought the Bjorn chair and highly recommended it . I was a little shocked at the price , but after the things I had to go through with the first chair I was willing to pay that price if it worked . It worked like a charm . She loves to sit in it and it is so easy to clean and disinfect . It 's a very well made and well thought through product .
 The first potty chair I got for my son was the kind that converts from a chair on the floor into a step and seat that goes over a standard toilet seat . It was ok for practice , but the first time he actually peed while sitting on it , the splash guard on the little center cup did not do its job , so some got on the floor , and my son refused to try after that . Also , for a boy to successfully pee in that style of potty , he would have to be sitting up straight , with his bottom all the way back , manually aiming into the potty receptacle . With the Baby Bjorn potty chair , my son could relax and slouch any way he wanted to , and the pee would stay in the potty . I 'm happy to say that after three weeks of practice on the Baby Bjorn , he finally felt confident enough to try again , and was successful . It was the breakthrough we needed for him to feel comfortable peeing in something other than a diaper .
 my son loves this potty chair . we also bought a royal step stool which he disassembles everytime he uses it ... which is a problem . I am going to return it and buy another Baby Bjorn .
 This is the best Potty that I 've found -- and I 've tried many of them out there.What makes it SO great is the ease with which you can clean the bowl that comes out . It is the perfect height & width too.I have read other reviews where some parents complained that the potty bowl sticks to their child when they get up from using it.Simple solution : I put 3 pieces of velcro strips on the underside of the bowl about 2 '' each , as well as on the base , under the bowl . A simple fix ! When he gets up - the bowl stays in place.This is a fantastic , well-worth the money potty . Do n't bother looking at the others . I wasted my money on so many until I tried this one .
 I love this potty seat . It is VERY easy to clean , and I love the splashguard in the front . I bought this potty after I tried another brand that I purchased at a garage sale , that one had a horrible splashguard , my son 's penis rested on top of it and the pee went everywhere but in the potty . This Baby Bjorn potty is oval and the splashguard works well , which seems to make it easier for my son to pee in the potty , not in front of the potty . Also , I have n't seen a potty that is easier to clean
 This potty is perfect for super busy parents . It does not have a lid . So you will never forget to pour out the contents . It is nice and curvy , and that makes clean up a cinch . Wonderful price for a wonderful product .
 I have a 2 year old in the potty training phase . I first potty we bought him was terrible , so I decided to try the Babybjorn . We ALL are so happy we did ! It 's a perfect potty chair . There are only 2 pieces and NO nooks to squeeze into to clean . it 's very simple in design . It has a wonderful pee guard for my boy and he never gets the pee on the floor . He actually sits back a bit and watchs himself pee . I just love this potty for the ease of cleaning it . I just lift out the bowl , dump and rinse . It 's good to go.At the end of the day , I just spray a little Clorox anywhere on it and let it dry for the next day . My son loves it , too . Its very comfortable and easy for him to use on his own . When we were doing the naked potty training -LRB- now we hav emoved to underwear ! yah ! -RRB- he was able to get to the potty and go all by himself without trying to get a lid off like the previous potty we bought . He would sometimes just sit there for a decent period of time just waiting . He was totally comfortable . LOVE this potty and we will be using it again with our second boy due in a few months .
 I gave this as a gift at a baby shower . The mother likes it as well as the baby ! Simple to use and clean .
 We have been loosely potty training , at my daughter 's discretion -LRB- self-lead ... working beautifully -RRB- for a little over 6mos , and recently she has become very independent about it all -- she literally holds up her hand to stop us from following her to the bathroom to use the potty sometimes ! We have always just had a cushioned training seat on the big potty , and had recently gotten a potty seat with an attached `` step ladder '' , but she had trouble getting her pants down safely once she was up there , so she could n't REALLY go and do it by herself . I thought I would give the floor-potty a chance , and got this one . She immediately said `` I want to go pee pee ! '' and so I showed her that she couljd stand on the floor , take off her own pants/pull-up and go ... she did , and the potty is super sturdy , it 's the perfect size for her tiny little hiney -LRB- she 's only 23.6 lbs at a little over 2yrs ! -RRB- , and she had no trouble at all getting on or getting up ... the `` arm rests '' were a great way to help herself get back up - might want to consider that if you are considering the smaller Bjorn potty chair . It emptied easy as pie , and was ridiculously easy to clean and sanitize ... but once I did that , she grabbed it and put it back in the shipping box ... she just prefers the seats on the `` big girl potty '' . Otherwise , great little chair , for sure.I would mention , the `` lip '' that is there to prevent issues for little boys or `` forward spillage '' during a pee , might prove a little tough to maneuver or might get a little boy caught on it ... I 'm sure they have to be high enough to actually prevent the spill/splash , but this one took my daughter a moment to get over the little hump , and being a girl she does n't even have the `` extra accessories '' .
 We used this through two kids and while they both only used it for a short period of time it was very easy to use and clean . Not a lot of nooks or crannies so you only had to wipe it down .
 Loved it so much we bought another - one for both floors of our home . My son played with all the noise making potties and chose this one on his free will . I like the rubber grip for the bottom and that it does n't have all the frills because in all seriousness its a training potty who needs frills or noises
 I have a 3 year old son and 2 year old daughter both potty training . Due to multiple moves , my son was interrupted in his potty training and we thought we would have an issue with resuming it . However , he loves this potty ! He does use a regular toilet as well , but he loves that this one is low to the ground and not as shaky as his big potty . It can be pushed over if they lean up against the higher back area but it has not tipped over yet . It is still safer than the seats on the larger toilets . My daughter immediately showed interest in the potty as soon as she saw it . She likes to sit on it just for fun.It 's easy to clean , lightweight and fairly stable . The green is much nicer in person . Looks more akin to the VW Beetle 's green color . Very fresh looking . It 's also small enough to not take up too much space in the bathroom . My husband and I are very happy that we purchased this product .
 It 's really durable and simple . I bought it in red so u could continue to use it or a boy or girl . Comes from a trusty brand .
 When our first daughter started potty training , she immediately picked out this pink potty seat and we really have no complaints about it . It does not tip over , it is super easy to clean -LRB- which I 'm sure is important to most parents ! -RRB- , light enough to be fairly portable , and as comfortable as a potty chair can be I suppose . In fact , my daughter does not mind sitting in it for long periods of time which definitely helped during the whole potty training process . And actually we liked it so much that we ordered a second one for my younger daughter even though she 's not quite ready to be potty trained yet . We had previously ordered the little bjorn potty chair for my younger daughter , but that one does n't have any back support and is almost too lightweight . If it seems weird to write a review about a potty chair it 's only because this turned out to be so essential for my daughter throughout the training process . Seriously , the whole potty training thing is such an ordeal anyway , you do n't want to have to deal with any subpar products along the way . This bjorn product is just what we needed to get the job done .
 Our 16 month old loves this potty . It has been easy to clean and he can sit comfortably in the &#34; chair . &#34;
 My son loves this potty chair ! We had another but the pee guard was n't up high enough to keep him from making a big mess everytime he used it . The gaurd on this potty chair is one solid piece apart of the area he goes in , so the guard ca n't pop off . We tried potty training 6 months ago , but it became such a hassel with the other chair that he did n't want to use it . With his new Baby Bjorn chair we 're having no problems , he actually wants to use it .
 It seems like I 've tried about every potty chair on the market.I had my son pick the color he wanted and in 1 day it was here!After months of resistance , he saw this out of the box and asked to have his diaper taken off.The pee guard is so much better on this seat . It keeps the pee in the bowl AND does n't crush my son 's privates.Hooray for BabyBjorn !
 LOVE this potty - it 's so easy and comfortable for our son to sit on . Picked this one up after starting out with a Fisher Price potty that did n't have a splash guard -LRB- stupid me ! -RRB- , which was frustrating for everyone involved -LRB- trying to tell/help a 2-year old to `` point it down '' ... yeah , right -RRB- - as soon as our son tried this one out for the first time , his motivation level skyrocketed and he quickly became excited about peeing in the potty , instead of dreading it . The design and height are perfect , and the seat is easy to remove and empty -LRB- so much better than the ones where you have to slide the potty part out to empty it -RRB- . Best potty ever !
 My son and I love this potty . I never had a hard time training him to use it . In fact , I only told him once what to do , and he was using it since then . He seems to be very comfortable with it that he seems to actually enjoy sitting on it while making poo and playing his toy ramp & cars at the same time . He also likes using it without doing something else so I know its not about the toy . He loves that he can be independent & his potty makes him feel that . My son is 2 years old and weighs 32 lbs . Cleaning is also very easy , even without a liner . This happens when my son would use the potty on his own without a liner . I only have good words to say about this potty . I have no complaints at all .
 I love how easy this is to clean . There are very few grooves for grime to stick . Also looks great and matches the bathroom .
 Sadly , this product arrived warped and would n't sit stable on the floor . Had to box it back up -LRB- um , bulky -RRB- and send it back.Found it locally and purchased . Love the product itself now that it sits safely and securely . Easy clean up due to the lack of creased and only 2 smoothly molded parts . Would purchase again .
 At 9 months my baby is already using this potty in the morning.The potty is sturdy , comfortable and very easy to clean . I really like this product , it is well made and the baby feels safe when sitting on it .
 I bought this potty chair for my 11 months old . He loves to do his business in this little potty . He used this potty 4-5 times a day with his grandmother 's help!And as far as I know , both of them are very happy with the product!Great buy !
 This potty training chair is the best one I have used for my 2 yr old son . He can easily get on and off of it , which is a problem with other chairs . The ONLY thing I wish it had was a hole on the back of the chair to put your hand in to lift and move it . Just grabbing the top of it to move where the potty is located is cumbersome .
 I bought this potty when my son was about 9 months old thinking I could potty train him early . Alas , that was a huge failure . However , by around 2.5 , he got the hang of it , thanks to this great potty . He could sit on it for hours as he read his little books . We later bought him the Baby Bjorn toilet seat -LRB- also a great product -RRB- . A few months later , his little sister started potty training . And by 8 months , she was pretty much potty trained on this toilet . It is comfortable for both him and and her and it is easy to clean -LRB- very important -RRB- . No bells and whistles and flushing noises , just good old-fashioned design .
 i used this to train our third child . this is by far the best potty i have ever used , especially for a boy . save your money and do n't get roped in to buying one with all the `` extras '' - they come in too many pieces and the flip up and down shields serve as a distraction and can cause injury . this potty is simply designed with a built in shield that is high enough to block the stream . just lift out the bowl and empty-very easy to clean . i bought two so i could have one upstairs and downstairs . my child was trained in one week ! well worth the money .
 This is the fourth style of potty we tried and the first one without a major problem . As others have noted this is especially good for boys . If you have a boy , do n't waste your time on the other choices . This wins easily .
 For nearly a year , I have been struggling to help my now three-year-old become potty trained . We have tried four other potty seats , and all have proved difficult to use : - We first tried the Primo Ducka toilet seat -LRB- looks like a duck -RRB- , and while it was cute and engaging , he could not climb on the toilet to use it by himself , and it often directed the liquid flow right between the toilet and seat -LRB- what a mess ! -RRB- . - Next , we used an old-fashioned wooden potty chair -LRB- the kind with a high back and arm rests -RRB- , but this had a separate plastic guard that hurt my son and also allowed liquid to leak.-The third potty chair we tried was the Baby Bjorn Little Potty , which slid too easily on our bathroom floor , was too low to the ground , and always allowed liquid to drip along the outside when tipped in the toilet during cleaning.-My son did enjoy the next potty - a `` Peter Potty '' toddler urinal . It was great fun to stand like Daddy , and it even had a water tank so that it could be `` flushed '' like a real potty . After several months , however , the top water tank started dripping often , and the bottom reservoir was so hard to pull out that when it finally let loose , liquid sloshed out!Frustrated , I set out to scour Amazon for one final shot at a potty that would work for my son and would be easy to clean . After reading the positive reviews , I decided upon the Baby Bjorn potty chair , allowed my son to be involved by selecting a color -LRB- blue -RRB- ... and could n't be happier with our choice!My son has been excited about his new blue Baby Bjorn potty chair since the UPS driver brought it to our house , and I am impressed as well . This potty chair is tall enough that it is comfortable for him to sit upon , there are no separate guards that pinch him , the rubber bottom prevents it from sliding on our floor , it has a back and armrests that help my son stand up after going potty , he can use it by himself , AND it 's super easy to clean ! I have found that if you pour the liquid out the back of the potty chair insert -LRB- where the white bowl curves upward -RRB- , the liquid does not run down the outside of the container like other potty chairs.Overall , while a bit pricey , this is without a doubt the best potty chair we have found for our toddler boy . I would highly recommend that other parents try this chair before wasting their money on any others !
 I 've owned one of the Baby Bjorn potties before , but must have lost it during a move or maybe even given away ? This is a replacement for a potty I already had and was greatly looking forward to using again with my toddler son . As others have said , easy to clean and sterilize due to simple design , and comfortable to sit in.I did want to say , though , that the packaging was weird . The potty arrived very quickly thanks to my Prime membership , but upon opening the box I found just some paper filler , and the potty in a plastic bag . No baby bjorn box . I 'm sure it 's new - I examined the pieces closely and found nothing suspect . I 'd just feel more confident with this had it arrived packaged in an original box . This is not the sort of item you 'd want to buy if you knew it had been returned already used . Amazon 's description does say they do n't accept this on returns , so okay , but still ...
 This a nicely molded piece of plastic - simple , no sharp edges . Just the right size . Our son started sitting on it for pracice at 11 mo. . His feet can be on the ground and hye likes to sit on it . The pail comes out easily to dump and the bottom has rubber , so it does n't slip on the floor . Shield is also high enough for potty .
 I have one upstairs and one downstairs for my twins . I bought this becasue it does not have a stupid character on it , dowes not play stupid music , and does n't look ridiculous . It looks like a little real toilet . Baby Bjorn is a great company .
 We love this potty . We 've had 4 other potties and this is my favorite . It is super easy to clean up and the bright colors are great . My son still loves to sit on his green potty . He is 28 months and can easily pee , empty it , and rinse it by himself . I 'm not sure what the people who are complaining about pee going over the place but he can do it by himself with no problems . Just teach the child to sit properly in a chair & make sure it 's not hanging out of the potty -LRB- taught my son to tuck it in at 18 months so there really is no excuse -RRB- . He is about 32 pounds and 36 inches & I 'm sure he will be using it at home for a while . While he 's been using the regular toilet for a while too at home , he loves his green potty . BTW , baby bjorn makes 2 potties -LRB- and a ring too -RRB- this is the larger one . If you are wanting a smaller one , there little potty is great but would not recommend it if you are starting with an older child as it is rather small -LRB- my son loved it at 15/16 months and will use it now but I do n't think I would buy one that small for an older child -RRB- .
 After reading several reviews I purchased this potty chair . Here are the positives and negatices and why I think is good but not great.Positives :1 - REALLY EASY TO CLEAN . This chair is just two pieces both solid plastic . Super easy to wipe down or rinse out with bleach .2 - DOES N'T COLLECT ODORS . Because it is solid plastic and no soft foam , it does not collect odors .3 - SOLID WO N'T TIP . The design is great . It does n't tip over when child gets in or out . It grips the floor well and is hard to shove around4 - SUPER PORTABLE , LOW PROFILE . It 's a small , but not the smallest potty out there ... they make a smaller one piece potty and it is super portable because of that . It also does not take up much room in the bathroom.Negatives1 - BUILT IN SPLASH GUARD . Because the splash guard is built in , it can be hard for little ones to get on and off . My infant son started potty training at a year and even though he was a walker he could not get his leg over the splash guard to sit down - which discouraged him from sitting .2 - BUILT IN SPLASH GUARD AGAIN . The spash guard can hurt a little guys parts when they stand up . My son bumped himself several times which discourages him from using it . Now that he is a bit older -LRB- 17mo -RRB- this is less of an issue but be aware of this for the young ones .
 It is very simple ... but really comfortable , this is our second potty and I bought it for our second bathroom , my son feels so comfortable and safe that I moved it to his bathroom , putting the Fisher price Elmo potty in our guess room ... the cleaning it is great and my almost 3 year old can do it by him self ... As a suggestion do n't go for the potties with too much paraphernalia choose a simple design one you wo n't regret ...
 This is a great potty chair ! It is simple , easy to clean , and nice looking for a potty . Contains messes well , even with a boy .
 I 've been deciding betwieen this one and the smaller version , and I 'm so happy I went with the one that has taller back support . I started using it with my 5.5 month doughter and she loves it , she seems very comfortable on it . We 've been using it every day , for over a month now . She goes between 5 to 11 times a day . I still get to change 2-3 wet diapers a day , but for the past 16 days she went # 2 only in her potty and not even once in the diaper.It 's very easy to clean . Perfect size . Love it .
 We really like this potty chair , got this in pink color and it looks very cute . It 's stable but at the same time very light . The back part is very comfortable i think , it lets ur baby lean back relax and concentrate on the important process :-RRB- also its very easy to clean , just take the white part out and wash it . We are very happy with this product .
 We have this potty in green . I was lucky enough to find it on clearance at a local store by me for $ 12 !! If I would have known how much I would love this potty , I would have spent the money on it two years prior when we were potty training our first child . I love the simple design of this potty and that it only has two parts . It makes cleaning much easier . No one enjoys cleaning out a potty , but it 's so much easier when you only have two pieces to clean . Our other potty had several pieces with it and a lot of cracks and crevices . I just wipe this potty up with a lysol or clorax wipe and I 'm done !
 I have been looking at all different kinds of potties with my two kids and so far this one is the favorite -LRB- for all of us -RRB- ! First off , it comes in so many colors they can pick from ! Secondly , it is sooo easy to clean and keep clean . Only two pieces to the whole potty chair ! Seat is very comfy for smaller OR bigger children.Spray guard works well , while still leaving room to teaching the child to point down.I have had more success with this potty then any other !
 My daughter is 6 months old and I decided to start potty training her :-RRB- best idea ever ! the back support of this particular potty is great , since she can not sit by herself all that good . It 's great that you can remove the `` dirty '' part and not worry about the whole thing every time . I already started saving diapers , she loves sitting on it EVEN if she is on the move all the time . A book or the favorite toy also helps !
 After trying 3 other potty chairs finally found the correct one !! The Babybjorn Potty Chair is stable and has lots of support and is very easy to clean . Bought this for my 2 yr old Grandson and he really likes it . He has no problem using it and we are potty training with great results . I highly recommend this potty chair .
 We have both the bjorn potty chair and the potty seat . Some days my 18-mo-old wants to have baby doll on the chair and herself on the toilet . I mainly bought this one so we 'd have one for traveling . It is made of hard smooth plastic and the white bucket comes out . Close to the floor means she can get on and off by herself ... that 's a pro and a con .
 My daughter-in-law had purchased a potty but was keeping upstairs next to her `` big '' potty . Rather than keep running up and down the stairs every time the urge to go came , I bought one that could be kept downstairs . It is far more stable and easier to use than any other I have encountered . I highly recommend it .
 Easy to clean , perfect size , welcoming , stable , great looks . My daughter started to sit in it at 18 months and was almost fully `` potty trained '' at 25 months . It is the best for BMs . She has a big bottom , so she is starting to use the big toilette now , but this still works like a charm for her night time potty visits .
 This is perfect for a toddler that is taller or male . My son is over 40 inches and just turned 3 so the other potties we purchaed just did not do the trick . This one works great and helped us transition him to the big potty .
 I am so happy I purchased this potty for my son when he was 14 months old . Though I knew he would n't be potty trained that early ... I wanted him to become familiar with the potty . I bought a white one -LRB- so it resembled ours -RRB- and put it in our bathroom in front of `` mommy 's potty '' . Whenever I was in the bathroom sitting on `` mommy 's potty '' , I sat my son on `` Aidan 's potty '' . I sat him on it with his clothes on and even let him take it out of the bathroom to play with it . I just wanted him to get comfortable . Well ... much to my surprise , I 've been able to notice lately -LRB- he 's now 16 months old -RRB- when he 's going to go `` poopy '' ... so I took him and sat him on it naked . I sat on `` mommy 's potty '' in front of him and just talked him through what he was doing . Verbal communication and consistant key words really help . He made me so excited when he actually went # 1 and # 2 ... This potty ... is so comfortable for little guys because it is smooth ... nothing will pitch or scratch their important pieces . The best part however was I was able to rinse it with hot water and use a clorox wipe to clean it . Soooo easy to clean . Simple Potty ... Simply Perfect.Great for beginners ... No bells and whistles ... keeps them focused .
 Originally , I had bought the Boon potty chair . It looked cute but it 's really not for boys . What a disappointment . The shield is too small and the seat is not comfortable . As soon as I bought the Baby Bjorn , you could see he was more interested and comfortable in this seat . Also , the shield is high so there is n't a big mess to clean up every time . This seat is the best seat on the market in my opinion . Highly recommend .
 This was the second potty I bought after I realized the first one I purchased was not user friendly for a 2 year old . The bowl of this potty removes very easily allowing your child to carry it to the toilet and dump on their own . I was a little concerned with the `` spray guard '' in front as I have a daughter but as it turns out it seems to help her get situated on the seat .
 I have found that Baby Bjorn potty products are the best on the market and does n't break the pocket book ! It 's oblong vs round so urine and poop stays in the pot . The built in splash guard is great ! It 's easy to clean and light weight , but built tough . Variety of colors . My triplets are all different shapes and sizes . We have a very large boy and has plenty of room for him . Our other son is a bit small for his age and because the pot is oval there is no leg stretching and no `` falling in '' . Our daughter is long and very thin . She has no problems what so ever on this ! Her tiny behind does n't fall in or slip or anything . The splash guard never gets in her way ! It 's just the best ! Other moms who see this ask where they can get one ! Highly recommended !
 This is a great potty ! No place for it to leak at , we had the Royal Potty but it leaked very badly . But this one is great ! Plus it is cute !!
 We got this in hopes of potty training our 2 year old daughter . So far she 's loved to sit on it and read . Hopefully once we start training it will prove very useful .
 As a `` first time '' mom of a 13 month old boy , these reviews have been so helpful ! Not only do I know which potty seat works best for other little guys ... but I also know the ones to run away from ! Thank you Moms !!!!
 i love this potty . baby bjorn makes great products . the quality is fantastic . this will last all of my children 's potty training years . my son was 81/2 months old when i got it . i put him on it immediately . he really liked it . i want to make potty training fun and introduce it early to make it familiar . i have not put it in the bathroom yet , just in his bedroom . oh , and it matches the colors in his bedroom . i like the fact that the white bowl can come out to dump in toilet , rather than just a one piece potty . he has not really USED it , so i can not comment on the actual functionality . but i am looking forward to potty training with this potty .
 This `` potty chair '' is light weight , yet sturdy . It is easy to clean and has simple lines so that the entire chair can be cleaned easily , if need be . It stays put with the rubber stoppers on the bottom . Great chair !!
 If I were to design a potty chair it would look something like this one . It 's simple , big enough for boys -LRB- I hate those tiny bowls that somehow boys are supposed to pee in -RRB- and easy to clean . Perfect , what can I say more ?
 Bought this training potty to start introducing our 16 month old daughter to the potty . She loves this little pink seat and took right to it . It 's easy to clean and easy for her to use . The little bump in the front of the seat can be a little tricky for her but other than that , we are really happy with it !
 This potty chair is easy to clean and kids love to use it ! It is convenient and easy enough to take on the go .
 I highly recommend this product!It did meet all my expectations!Easy to clean , sturdy , comfy and most of all my daughter loooves it!As soon as I put her in it , she knew what it was for , rather than those other ones with all the bells and wistles that just distract them ! Great product
 An excellent product . Well designed and sturdy . Our daughter tried several other chairs before finding this one that works perfectly for our grandson , so we bought one as well . At nearly 3 years old , he is well on his way to being toilet trained thanks to this chair .
 This potty chair is very nice , no cracks or crevices that need to be cleaned .
 I bought this potty as a travel potty for my 3.5 yr old . He fits on it perfect and it fits in the back nice . I had a fisher price potty in the back of my SUV before , but the `` pee pee guard '' kept falling in and the toilet seat lid kept falling down as he went to sit down ... so I really like that this is all one peice . However , we 've had one accident with it , my boy forgot to `` point it down '' and it surged upward and out :o-LRB- got ta watch that !
 Love this potty . No messy parts to clean . Rubber feet grab the floor to prevent slipping when the kid sits down . Large bowl with lip for boys is a nice feature , no more `` flippy '' to fish out of the potty bowl . Ca n't say enough great things about this potty ! Buy it already !
 We 've tried two before ... the on-the-toilet , a branded version -LRB- Dora -RRB- and this version is so clean , simple and fits the little toddler body perfectly . Easy to clean and small enough to put anywhere in the house . I 've since purchase multiple versions for each location and even drop shipped one for a vacation .
 I purchased a couple different potty chairs , with no luck . The splash guard would fall down or off , so when I saw this one I bought it . It works the best of all I 've found . Plus , it 's nice for `` reward stickers '' .
 I was worried about finding the right potty seat for my son when I read all the reviews about them hurting or scraping their `` privates '' . My mother-in-law found this on at an outlet store for $ 7 -LRB- brand new -RRB- so I wanted to try it for price alone . It is wonderful ! My 2 year old learned quickly and now goes by himself . We have a potty seat too , but with this he can go completely on his own . I highly recommend this product !!!
 Before buying this potty I read a review that it was not designed for boys in mind , and that the deflector is hurting boys ... well we had to buy a potty anyway , and after my first purchase almost a year ago , when I got Safety First potty , I really took time looking both in the shops and online . The problem with the Safety first potty is that they should have called it Hurting first potty , because the deflector there is just horrible - thin , with sharp edges and literally looks like it is designed to deprive boys of their private parts . Besides that , it just can not stay in place - I tried sticking it with tape , and the hole was way too small - my baby could fit either the back or the front side , but not both . So keeping the fingers crossed , I decided to try now Baby Bjorn potty - we had a carrier before , and it was perfect , and when the potty arrived I knew I made a right choice - it is very ergonomically designed , and my boy absolutely loved it and sat there from the first time without hurting himself on deflector - plus it is much harder to hurt yourself on this kind of deflector that `` hurting first '' one . And since that he sat there many many times , and never even touched it - and he goes into it also without any mess , as some of the reviews say.It is very comfortable and the hole is oval shaped and large enough , and it has space for him to grow - and I 've got a big boy , 27 pounds and 90 % on his height ...
 we just started potty training and are doing great on this potty . very smart design can remove the middle and wash it seperately .
 This was my second purchase of a BabyBjorn potty chair . I had bought my daughter one when she began potty training my 2 year old grandson , but not one for my home . I was using a potty insert and a stool and found little Ben was having trouble getting on . I asked how the BabyBjorn was working and she told me he uses it only . She was so right , I am so happy to have purchased this ; mine is blue and her 's is red . He loves it ; it is sturdy , easy to clean , and does not move when he sits down or gets up.Wonderful item and I highly recommend for the daunting task of potty training ! I plan on this being my number # 1 baby shower gift from now on !
 I originally bought a seat that fits on the toilet and a large stepping stool to save myself from having to clean out a potty seat . This worked fine when I was placing my daughter onto the toilet , but she is too small to climb up by herself , especially with pants around her ankles.This potty is much better as it allows her to develop the skill of taking her pants down herself and sitting on the potty . We got the white one to match our bathroom and my daughter loves the teddy on the front . She is comfortable sitting on it , and empties it into the toilet herself . The potty comes out of the seat easily , and is very easy to wipe clean .
 My son was being very stubborn about training . We finally go him this seat in green -LRB- now dubbed the nighttime potty -RRB- and in red -LRB- for mornings of course -RRB- . He loves using them , and we are thrilled that he is finally finally training.They are a snap to clean . we use clorox anywhere to spritz , wipe and disinfect.I highly recommend these !!! btw , my older son is egging the little one on . THey have decided to make good use of our two potty living room . They Wii while they wee.anything that works .
 I got this potty chair for my daughter when she started potty training at 19 months . She never complained about sitting on it and I loved how high it sat because she is extremely tall for her age . She is able to pull the little bucket out and dump it herself now without making a mess . We recently started toilet training with the baby bjorn toilet seat and it was a good transition for her and she still likes to use her little green potty for her # 2 's because she does n't like people helping her in that area . It is a great chair and worth the extra few dollars .
 This potty came highly recommended from a random potty testing blog I found and that review is proving true for my 11-month old girl . Obviously , she is younger than many of the children of the negative reviewers so maybe size will become an issue later but she 's approximately 25lbs now , and there is no size issue.Baby loves to sit on it and is using it regularly . I do notice the red line on her little bum after see gets up , but she gets red lines on her legs from socks too and neither seem to bother her.Bottom line
 Great potty for girls ! My daughter is 23 mo-old and took right away to her yellow potty ! She is still at the early stage of just sitting on it to get used to it but it is great ! I used another brand for my other daughter and it was n't as easy to clean . Also the seat does n't pinch like a few others that we tried that are the more ` character ' style . I wanted to distinguish it from being another toy .
 This is the perfect size for little ones ! Many potty seats require them to remove their pants in order to straddle the seat - a pain ! Other seats have a removable potty guard - which means that it just ends up IN the potty . This one is easy to dump , easy to clean , easy to use . Plus , it looks great ! When we train , we keep ours in the kitchen -LRB- where we seem to live -RRB- so as to be more consistent . As the child improves , we can make it to the bathroom in time so the potty seat can be free to go outside with the child . We 've found that children often do not want to come inside to potty , so by taking the potty outside to them , no more accidents ! For our first child , we took this in the car when we traveled , but now we take the Pottette - another MUST HAVE purchase .
 This is a child sized toilet . It is attractive looking . We have one for our downstairs bathroom and the kids bathroom as well as at the grandparent 's house . Our 2 year old was easily toilet trained on this and love it . I think it is easy to clean , just remove the inner seat , empty , and rinse . My son is approaching 3 and can now help with that . I also like that we can leave it in our half bath and not have to move it when guests come over or when an adult wants to use the toilet . We are big fans of this .
 We purchased the Baby Bjorn Potty Chair to begin introducing our 16 month old to the potty training process . We figured since he was so young we would just slowly condition him to use the potty , starting right after the evening bath . After a couple of weeks he now knows to go directly to the potty chair once his diaper has been removed at the start of his bath and again after he is out of the bath and we are getting him ready for bed . We did have a couple experiences with him going on his own into the bathroom to potty in his potty chair after a morning shower with Mom ; not realizing until we heard him clapping for himself in the bathroom . We have n't started the morning potty time yet , but we probably will in about a week . We were originally considering getting one of the potty chairs that looks like a toilet and you can flush it and then it sings to you , but we decided to go with something not so chaotic , making the learning experience as simple as possible for our son . While we still have a ways to go in the potty training process , the start we are off to seems pretty solid . We both highly recommend the Baby Bjorn Potty Chair .
 This potty chair is Perfect for BOYS !! We have tried a couple other potty chairs that just did n't work . He has no problem with using this potty at all and I love the elongated bowl . It really helps to make sure little boys have enough room to sit back and make sure the pee stays in the potty . We love this potty very much .
 This is working just fine , no regrets , in fact I purchased two . I originally bought one form my home and when my daughter saw it , she liked it better than the one she had purchased . So ofcourse grammy bought her one too .
 We received this item last week in the mail and I have to say that I am very satisfied with the quality . This is a very sturdy chair with a nice no-slip rubber coating around the bottom edges , and this seems like a chair that will be super easy to clean . My daughter is not quite ready for this but I am sure this is a great purchase .
 This is my daughter 's first potty and she peed into it the very first time she sat on it ! It is easy to clean and fits well in a small bathroom , very user friendly !
 This potty chair does n't come with all the whistles and bells like other potties . But is the best . When i was shopping for a potty , i read the reviews and then went to the store to `` explore '' for myself . i was n't convinced of any other potty . why ? 'cause all the others either did n't sit sturdily on the floor -LRB- and this is w/o a child sitting on it -RRB- or were difficult to clean . This potty is simple and sturdy , gets the job done , comfy -LRB- my picky daughter never complained , she likes the teddy bear logo on it -RRB- , and so easy to clean . Never had a spill too . Besides , potty training should be as simple and natural as possible , so choose a simple potty . i have 2 of this item -LRB- 1 downstairs and 1 upstairs , now thinking of using 1 at home and 1 for the car -RRB- . there 's plenty of space to stick stickers as a reward everytime she goes potty too .
 I have boy/girl twins and we tried 2 or 3 different potty chairs before I found the Baby Bjorn . It is the only one I tried that does not leak . The built in splash guard at the front is great . The other chairs had a splash guard that was removable my kids immediately removed it and lost it . The Baby Bjorn chair is sturdy and all edges are smooth . The insert goes in from the top and is easily removed . The other potty chairs with the inserts underneath were very difficult to get postitioned correctly and remove without spilling .
 This is a great potty chair . I had a Safety 1st potty chair/step stool combo chair that did n't work out because my son likes to dump the potty by himself and in order to do that he had to lift the chair apart and then pull out the bowl . It was always messy . This chair is wonderful in that the bowl fits nicely on top of the seat so he just lifts it straight up and out and is able to dump it easily . With the Safety 1st model and others , there are lots of spots and crevices under the bowl where the spills get caught . This Bjorn potty chair is simply constructed so it is easy to clean .
 It is one of the most stable , comfortable and `` consistant '' seat I have found . My 18 month old daughter can get on and off by her self and hits the target every time . The hole is larger than any other I 've seen .
 I ca n't say enough good about this potty chair . It 's inexpensive -LRB- but very well made -RRB- , SUPER easy to clean , has a very comfortable splash guard for boys and is comfortable -LRB- I 'm assuming -RRB- . I originally bought the Safety 1st Potty Chair/stool . Do n't like it at all . Tough to clean -LRB- lots of spaces for urine to get -RRB- and I do n't think it 's very comfortable as my son refused to sit on it . Within 20 seconds of sitting on the Baby Bjorn he peed . Refused for weeks to do that with the Safety 1st . Great product . Ca n't say enough good about it.From a parent 's stand point , it 's the best b/c it 's soooo easy to clean . I 'm not clean freak , but this is a huge benefit with anything in the bathroom.Kudos to Baby Bjorn for a simple product .
 My 26-month-old daughter started sitting on this potty seat when she was 18 months old , and she loves it . She finds it comfortable and will sit on it for a long time . The removeable white seat makes cleaning very easy . This is a wonderful seat for potty training and definitely worth the money !
 I 've decided to start my 9 month old on her potty training with just simply sitting on the potty and getting used to it . She has actually peed in it a few times and while she does n't understand i 'm hoping she 'll be used to it by the time she does . . anyhow as for the potty itself it is a perfect fit for my tall and skinny 9 month old . I did see some reviews that said it was too small for some toddlers and I can see that now that she has used it . It 's got a far enough seat in the back as well as a perfect-height seat back that she can comfortably sit on the potty while I read her a book and wait . . It is easy to remove the bin and rinse out and I do n't have to worry about things getting into crevices and cleaning the whole potty . It 's lightweight and has a nice slip resistant rubber grip on the bottom . I researched and read reviews for every potty and found that this was the perfect fit for us . I 've decided to stay away from potty 's that convert into a seat and keep the potty and toilet a separate experience . I 'll be buying the baby bjorn toilet seat trainer when the time comes for her to use the toilet .
 Our three year old son immediately loved this chair -LRB- we ordered it in his `` favowit '' color green -RRB- . He is fairly tall for his age but can still sit in it comfortably and it looks like shorter children could as well . My only complaint is that when he stands to tinkle , the urine inevitably hits the back of the seat and the design is such that it leaks underneath . It 's easy for us to clean because we have mostly hardwood or tile floors but I can would n't recommend this for homes with mostly carpeting . I know our son likes to have his potty chair in various rooms in the house so it could make quite a mess . Other than that , though , it 's lightweight , easy to transport if needed , easy to clean/dump in the toilet and my son loves it .
 We have just started potty training my 33-month old son and he likes this potty chair very much . He loves it because his favorite color is red -LRB- his favorite car character is red -RRB- , the cute bear -LRB- that what he said when he saw the potty chair first time -RRB- and comfortable to sit on it . I love the Babybjorn products and I love this potty chair too . No leaking , an integrated splash guard is working well and easy to grip the armrest when he stand up from the chair . And also the inner potty is easy to grip to remove and easy to clean . I 'm very satisfied with this product . I would definitely recommend it !!
 My daughter has loved her potty . She is 10 mo old and has enjoyed sitting on it . The second day we had it she went pee pee on it and we are now a week into having it and today she went potty 4 times on it at 10 MO OLD ! I am so glad we have our BABYBJORN to help us EC .
 I like the design and sturdiness and simplicity of the Bjorn potty and would recommend it to others . My 11/2 yr old is able to sit comfortably enough on it . He has not yet grasped the concept of actually using the potty , at this time he only sits on it , so I am not yet able to review how well it works for keeping the urine from splashing out when it 's a boy baby using it . It is very sturdy and has rubber on the bottom edges to keep it from easily sliding on the bathroom floor . My son likes being able to grab the arm rests for support when standing himself up . It is easy to clean . I choose the white potty because it most resembles an adult toilet , and because I want to easily see any stains and be able to properly clean it once my son grasps the concept of `` going potty '' and really starts using it . When he starts really using it , I will update this review at that time .
 This is a pretty good design and we especially like the high back , which makes it possible for babies/toddlers to sit unsupported .
 Like this chair . It 's small , convenient and gets the job done . The back rest really helps the baby . Would certainly recommend to others .
 This chair is the perfect height for our 14 month old grand-daughter . She can turn and sit on it perfectly . It is easy to clean and very light weight so we can take it anywhere . Took her a while to get used to getting over the cup but has since had to problem . I would recommend this chair for little girls . Works very well .
 We have just started potty training my 22-month old , and have n't used this chair very much . It is sturdy and does n't look like it will slide on the floor or accidentally tip over . It is a good size for a toddler and comes in lots of great colors . I bought this because I read many lukewarm reviews on the potty chairs that sing and light up and do fancy things like dispense stickers ... we wanted something simple and basic , and this fits the bill . My only complaint is that the inner bowl , while very easy and quick to remove and clean , can be a blessing and a curse
 With some help and patience , my 14-month-old son does stay in this Babyjorn potty and does a really good job doing his business . It is so easy to clean . Just pour out , use soap and water to rinse , then whip down . Done !
 The potty chair is great ! My 14 mo. old has not used it yet , but she does sit on it and explores -- a great first step.The design is sleek and easy to use . No sharp edges and easy to clean .
 Very nice little seat . My daughter has tried to use it a few times . She likes to remove the white portion of the seat but I just need to teach her to leave it alone .
 Over all I have loved this potty -LRB- as much as you can love a potty -RRB- . But My son has started to stand when he pees and the result is a flood on the floor every time . If the pee hits the back of the chair it flows out under the bowl . Yes I know it is an aim thing which is why I still highly rate this potty.My fix is having him use the toilet when he pees which is a lot less messy : - -RRB-
 The Baby Bjorn potty chair is so easy to clean , and that is the biggest reason we purchased it . It is 2 parts , the seat and the removable bowl . My 2 year old daughter can feel comfortable as she uses the bathroom , and then she can dump her pee pee into the big toilet all by herself . I then rinse the bowl in the bathtub and place it back into the seat . When she uses the chair for pooping , I always assist her in her clean-up . The seat and bowl are easy to sanitize , with no cracks or crevasses for gross stuff to hide in.I ca n't imagine having a potty chair with a padded seat or one that required the child to lift or unlock anything to empty the bowl . This is a simple and easy to use potty chair that I 'm certain will last through years for multiple children if needed . And it 's not ugly . We have the white one and it does n't stick out as a tacky child 's toy potty chair . Some people think the child should pick out their own seat , and my vote is to pick this chair , and let them pick the color if you want them to have a say . YOU are the one that has to clean and maintain it!We also have the toilet seat topper made by Bjorn , and I feel that is an excellent product for when the child transitions to the `` big '' toilet .
 This is the best Potty Chair I have ever had . I have gone through many potty chairs in my child care home and this is the best . This is great for little boys and girls of all sizes , even the chunkier hineys ! Cleans easy too ! : -RRB-
 Everything I read said to keep the potty as basic as possible.You ca n't get more basic than this potty and the winning factor for me is that it is so easy to clean.There are n't any cracks or crevices you need to worry about.I bought it long before I knew my child was ready to use it and placed it in the bathroom as someplace she can hang out while Mommy was in the potty . If your child was like mine , she wanted to follow you everywhere , even the bathroom.She started sitting on her potty to emulate me.After a bit , she asked to take her pants off and that 's how we started potty learning.Since the basin is one wrap around tub , I just life it off to clean and put it back . No need to snap things or worry about cleaning crevices.I also like that it is the right size . The back helped stabilize her when she was really small and now as an older toddler , it still fits her just fine .
 I bought this potty based on the reviews and absolutely love it ! I thought I would try out potty training with my 8 month old son and its been a breeze so far . No messy clean up and he sits on it with no problem . He 's a little taller than most 8 month olds . I am definately satisfied with my purchase .
 I have this for my almost 3 year old son who is around 30lbs and very tall . He loves this seat . He fits in it just fine , we have had no trouble with leaks , and he finds it very easy to use on his own . The potty is very easy to clean , and we have never had a problem with pee getting everywhere . The one thing I would change is that sometimes the removable seat does get stuck to his thighs when he stands , but he 's learned to be careful , and we 've never had an accident due to that . Otherwise , great potty training seat !
 I have twin boys that are 3 and I love this chair . It does n't have a lid or removable splash gurad . I have two other sets of chairs that the twins only play with . Putting the lids up and down , taking out the removable seat and catch basin , etc.This simply constructed unit has no corners or edges . It has smooth contours including the splash guard that does not come off and is attached to the catch basin . The catch basin is a combination seat/emptying pail which enables you to easily remove and empty . It is easily cleaned and because of the simple design less appealing to play with.I think the best feature is the smooth built in splash guard which you need with boys.This seat does not convert to a toilet seat for the bathroom toilet , which I think does n't work anyway - on the other potty chairs I purchased the seats slide and flop when you put it on the real toilet and then becomes unsafe . I recommend the Babybjorn toilet trainer for that .
 This is the third potty I 've purchased for my son . The first one was made by Parents , and it tipped over the first time my son sat on it . The second was First Years Elmo 3-in-1 , and the cup pinched his behind in 3 places leaving cuts . This one is great . Although my son was hesitant to go on it at first -LRB- which I attribute to his experience with the Elmo potty -RRB- , he fits nicely on it . The other potties were too narrow from front to back , and I had to adjust him several times to get him situtated so that he could use the front guard . The seat lifts out as the cup which lends itself to not pinching his bottom ; and easy clean up . It 's low enough to the ground that his legs fit too . The back and arm supports fit well also . It 's a solid construction and good buy .
 I bought this for my 1 year old daughter and I must say that I love it ! I like the fact that it has a back to it . Sitting on the potty can be very uncomfortable for a little one when there is nothing to support their small backs . My little one is doing good with her potty training . The seat appears to be comfy for her and the receptacle is very easy to remove and clean . The chair itself is easy to clean as well . I also like the fact that they come in different colors they are really cute .
 I purchased this potty for my 21 month old based on the other reviews I read . She 's very tall -LRB- 97th percentile -RRB- , and I realized the smaller Bjorn Potty Chair would be too small for her . This one is perfect . It has a rubber rim around the bottom so it stays put on the ceramic tile floor . It 's super easy to clean , and it 's very plain looking so it blends in with her bathroom . She loves it ! She puts all her dolls and stuffed animals on it so they can go potty , too .
 I am a mother of three and my son being the last ... 24 months ... potty trained himself . I am convinced it had a lot to do with the potty chair . It is the best !!! It is sturdy , leak-proof , love the splash guard on front for him , and perfect size for him . I got the cute little ones for the daughters and overall , this is much better due to the quality . Get this potty and I am sure you will love it too !!!
 We bought another potty with a detachable soft seat which can be used on a regular toilet and the potty can convert to a step . Fisher Price maybe ? We thought it was great and put up with the pee leaking out and the guard that didnt work untill one day no matter how much I cleaned it , it smelled like pee . We found out the cushion detaches from the handles and was a nice little pocket for pee to dry in . After reading recomendations from Toddler Bargains -LRB- the best book ! -RRB- we decided on the little Bjorn potty . Mainly due to the one piece construction . Once it arrived we were a bit surprised to see how small it was and my sons knees were nearly up to his chest . Oddly enough , he LOVES it . It goes to show you , they know what they like better than us . The straddle design is so much smarter than the stupid splash guards . We rarely have flyaway pee to deal with now -LRB- though thats normally due to sticking issues ... boy stuff I dont understand cause Im a girl -RRB- . The entire potty is nearly the same size as the removable bucket from our other one , so carrying the whole thing to dump isnt an issue . I really just love how there is no cracks or anything to clean . Its a simple swipe with a lysol cloth and were all done ! Leave it to Baby Bjorn , they always know what works best . -LRB- oh , by the way , we often forget that its easier to push things out when our knees are up , but think child birth , and the stomach flu ... -RRB- We have decided to buy three , one for the car , one upstairs and one downstairs . It works wonderfully in the car too !
 This potty works wonderfully for average size boys since the basin is one-piece molded plastic . -LRB- i.e. not detachable -RRB- . My little boy was average height/weight when he started using it at 21/2 . The urine stayed inside the basin , did n't splash out , and the basin is very easy to clean . However , my son outgrew it within a few months , and actually started having accidents in his diaper again because he was being pinched . We bought the Potty N Step Stool , removed the pee guard , and it has worked well as a `` just for # 2 '' potty.I would not recommend it for larger boys
 As a Mom , I wanted a simple to clean potty . Just a frame with a removable bowl . No sliding bowl underneath ; no music ; no paper holder.I picked up one at the store that was very simple to clean . It also converted to a stool and seat for the toilet . Well , we had it about a month before the little boy urinated in it . It shot right over the top of the guard.After reading other reviews on Amazon , I ordered the Baby Bjorn . My 2 yr old -LRB- 26 months -RRB- trained himself in about 8 days after we got the new potty . No messes . Easy to clean.Side note - 3 weeks later , he prefers to use the ` big potty ' and the Baby Bjorn sits idle as an option .
 Following the other great reviews of this potty chair , I purchased it from Amazon.I have been so satisfied with it that I 've already recommended it to 2 of my friends with similar aged children.My just 2 year old son has been potty-curious for a couple months . He gets stir crazy on the toilet seat that goes on top of the toilet -LRB- and legs fall asleep , I fear -RRB- and completely rejected the cheaper potty seat I bought locally -LRB- it pinches , is too small , etc.My son is very big for his age -LRB- 39 '' tall -RRB- so I needed a potty seat that was n't too small . Being a boy , the shape and ` guard ' in the front are also important.Like so many others have reported here - my son also will sit on the potty chair forever . He is fond of getting up in the early evening to use it , so it resides on the floor at the end of his bed for quick night-time use . Like the other baby bjorn products , it is very smoothly shaped so is very easy to clean and comfortable.Buy it ! You will not be disappointed .
 I bought this potty chair after looking at several other brands/styles because of the high back and arm support . It has a great `` wrap-around '' design that is perfect for my 4-month-old who is just getting familiar with the potty . For those working on infant potty training , I highly recommend this chair . My little one has no problem sitting up in this chair by herself -LRB- of course I 'm holding onto her for security -RRB- . She has already made many , many poops and pees in the Baby Bjorn Potty Chair ! It 's also very easy to clean . Just dump out contents , rinse , and wipe with a disposable disinfecting wipe . Definitely easier than changing a diaper !
 I purchased this potty chair for my daughter . We practice elimination communication and wanted a potty as she got a bit bigger to use . This potty is wonderful . We 've never had an issue with the insert pinching her legs or anything like that . However , I would suggest it for an older EC baby , such as 12 mos + . It 's a bit high up for my 7 month old . We purchased a Baby Bjorn Little Potty afterward that she loves and we will be using for a few months if not longer . As she grows we 'll move back into the Potty Chair !
 This is a great potty seat and very easy to manage , however the potty disassembles quite easily from the base and does not have a cover . I was not able to find a babybjorn with the aforementioned essentials . Would buy the same brand , if they made a new version that covers and did not come apart so easily from the base -LRB- my daughter take out the center all the time -RRB- which can become a problem if she empties the content .
 Great Baby Bj&ouml;rn quality of course . Provides my little on with back support as well . And the color . . well it 's her favorite shade of PINK ! Awesome !
 I bought this for my 9 month old daughter just to have somewhere to put her while I was using the bathroom . Well she ended up loving it and using it on a daily basis . No she is not potty trained -LRB- or even close -RRB- but she enjoys going peepee while mommy does . Perfect height and easy to clean .
 My goal was comfort and safty for my son and cleaniness ; this lil potty accomplishes that and more . There are no frills with this potty except its safe and oh so easy to clean . There are only two pieces , i love the lil cup that is attached to the front of the potty -LRB- no flying pee-pee accidents -RRB- , safe smooth lines no cuts -LRB- yes I 've read some pottys cut a babys bottom ! -RRB- , no messes -LRB- pick up the cup and flush . -RRB- I ca n't think of any cons to this potty . I love this potty .
 its a good potty seat.Could have been much better with a lid that is why 4 stars . . other than that great item
 I got this for my 14-month-old daughter . Right now it just sits in the bathroom for her to get used to ... she has n't `` used '' it yet . It 's plain , simple , and unintimidating . I think it will be a good potty for us .
 My son has n't used it yet , but I 'm sure it will be great when he does . It had a lot of good reviews . The only downside I see so far is that he always wants to lift the tray out and play with it . I 'm hoping he wo n't do that when there is `` stuff '' in there .
 We tried another potty first , but we had a problem with pee not being kept in the bow because the lip at the front was not high enough . So far no problems with this one . Our son loves it .
 My son is a big 20 month old so finding a potty chair for him has been very hard . This one is perfect in size and there is additional room to grow . If you are looking for a plan jane potty seat that does what it says then this is the one .
 I bought this for my granddaughter as she is starting to show an interest in getting those diapers off . She likes it . It was n't boring or scary . Which is one reason why I decided on this chair , bright colors are more interesting to a tot . She has been sitting on it . But we are n't at the take off the diaper stage yet . I do think this will be perfect for her !
 This is a nice simple potty without a lot of silly gadgets . I would prefer it to have a little bit of cushioning around the seat , since toddlers who are just learning have to sit on it for so long . However , I 'm still very pleased with it .
 I bought this for my 18 month old daughter to get her used to the idea of a potty . I love the fact that it is simple , no bells and whistles to distract her from the task at hand . It 's comfortable for her to sit on -LRB- the higher back allows her to relax -RRB- and easy to clean . I highly recommend this product .
 This blue potty chair is used in our toddler rooms at our preschool . Children and teachers like them . Fast delivery .
 Would be nice if the white container was made with a little cushion for the small tush , but it 's nice in that it 's easy to clean and easy for the little ones to sit on . My 12 month old has no problems sitting in it .
 This is a great potty for boys . We had some problems with accidents with some other brands but this one keeps what should happen in the potty , in the potty . Easy to clean , too .
 and hopefully our last ! Son liked it from the beginning . Although we have n't had success on it yet , it is comfortable enough and roomy enough that he can sit on it for a while to get used to it .
 I had wished that I had bought this potty chair from the very begining . I bought my son the royal potty throne from fisher price it ended up leaking . I never could find the place that is was leaking . So I purchased Babybjorn Green potty chair . My son loved it the moment that I took it out of the box . He wanted to use it in the family room . I love it because it is only 2 pieces . It 's so super easy to clean . And it is green my sons favorite color . Great price and great size . I recommend this item .
 I keep this potty as a spare in our master bath -LRB- we have other potty seats by Bjorn -RRB- . My son loves this potty , and so do I . The simple design makes it easy to clean and use . Ive learned my lesson with the cheaper potties made of thin plastic . I returned every one of them and purchased all Bjorn products . I love how sturdy their designs are .
 I spent quite some time online researching on a good , reasonable potty and found this product . It 's a bestseller and even better - most of the buyers are very satisfied with it . It 's functional , sturdy , easy to clean and seems comfy . My son had some success with that one . : - -RRB-
 We just got this potty after trying the Safety 1st potty for a couple of months . As soon as my son saw it he knew just what it was . We watch the `` Once Upon a Potty '' video and the old bowl style potty in it was throwing him off I think . THis is close enough to that style that he started quoting part of the video upon first site . He then stood up backed up to it and sat down without any assistance , a great improvement from the other potty . He can get up and down from it without maiming his privates . His only problem with it so far is that he 's apparently gotten use to having the back pressed against his rear so he pushes all the way back on this potty too . This is a little odd given its oval shaped bowl . Hopefully our stalled potty training will get a jump start down . Just in one day he is much more eager and willing to sit on it and he giggles over quoting the video while he sits there .
 We bought 2 of these potty chairs . They were so easy to clean and stayed brand new looking that I sold both of them for 75 % of their original list price when we were done with them . How cool is that ? They maintained their value.Note
 It 's an excellent potty for a 6 month old like my baby . The potty is small enough for a 6 month old to sit on it , and at the same time big enough to serve her for at least 3 years . The seat is comfortable and , evidently , suggests what is supposed to be done while sitting on it . The back is comfortably close so that it supported my baby when she did not sit yet confidently on her own . And , the potty is sturdy and does not slide . It 's been over a month now , and we are having total success with this potty
 The potty arrived in great condition , thank goodness , but not the box . It was taped all over , hard to open , and it did n't have any packaging on the inside so the box was crushed.I also found the item to be misleading . The page that had the toilet showed a picture of a blue toilet -LRB- royal blue -RRB- for sale . I received a light blue . I 'm keeping it because it does n't matter that much , but I was really looking forward to the royal blue . I just wanted to mention it to other people who might only want the `` royal blue '' . The Bjorn product itself is great . My 20 month old son loves it and sits on it all the time without trouble . He is short for his age too . We have a red one as well and are very happy with them .
 My first three children were born in Sweden . We have used this potty for ever ! My oldest is now 20 so we passed it along to friends some years back.I will definitly buy one for my grandchildren . It is easy to keep clean and even easier to store ! No extra parts/nothing to break either !
 I can not believe I spent so much money in potty chairs and potty training solutions before ! My son , who is three , had been potty trained at school for over a year yet will not go potty at home . We bought everything you can imagine to motivate him and get him interested . Nothing worked . I read somewhere that kids may find some potty chairs uncomfortable or too baby-like . I read the positive reviews about the Bjorn chair and , since it was so inexpensive , I decided to give it a try . My son chose the color he liked -LRB- green -RRB- and started using it since it arrived . He was so comfortable when using it that he would take all the time he needed -LRB- sometimes he would even read a book while seated -RRB- . He was off diapers in just a couple of weeks . It is also great to keep next to his bed during the night while he gets night trained as well . It is very easy to clean and disinfect , both the bowl and the frame , and it actually has a sleek design . I give it five stars!UPDATE : My son is still using this potty chair TWO YEARS LATER ! We keep it in his bedroom for night use . I keep spraying some Chlorox to disinfect it every day and it is still in mint condition . Can not believe it !
 I really love this potty chair . We are potty training our 20 month old son and this chair is awesome . It is very comfortable and my son loves using it . I have heard that other chairs cause problems for boys , but this chair works perfectly for my son . The pee stays in the potty and it is super easy to clean . I would recommend this potty to anyone wanting to potty train !
 I had very high hopes for my son in terms of potty training so this pretty and sleek BabyBjorn potty was purchased when he was less than a year old . Needless to say , it stood unused for quite some time until he realized that in order to become a ` big boy ' he needed to master the very adult art of toilet training . Here are the reasons why I think this potty served as a positive enforcement in his determination to achieve this complex task :1 . The potty has no useless bells and whistles . I remember going through the toilet isle at my local Babies ` R'Us and could not comprehend why a child would need flashing lights and music to sit on a potty . Toilet should serve one purpose and one purpose only -LRB- I wo n't spell out exactly what -RRB- , and too much stimulation takes away from the real function of the apparatus .2 . BabyBjorn people really understand male anatomy . My mom got another potty for when my son visited and returned it after the first try when her living room rug ended up covered in you know what . Boys need higher tabs in the front of the potty , and BabyBjorn is an excellent example of good design . We 've never had an accident at home .3 . The potty is easy to clean . It consists of two parts
 Really like it . The front barrier needs to be a little higher for boys but otherwise , it 's easy to clean and my toddler loves the red color . It also helps that it matches my bathroom !
 BabyBj&ouml;rn Potty Chair PinkMy granddaughter loved the chair . . at 16 months , she immediately took to the seat . Very easy to keep clean and sanitary , comfortable for little behinds . .
 I have a 29 pound , 11 month old and we are beginning to introduce the potty . We 've encountered problems with other potty chairs being too small , not sturdy enough , and having a virtually useless splash guard . After reading reviews on the Baby Bjorn potty chair-it sounded like it had the biggest splash guard in comparison to other potties . So I ordered one-thinking that if it did n't work , I 'd just have to hold my son on the potty each time until he was big enough to go alone . I did n't like that thought because I think it 's important for the potty to be an independent kind of thing . When it arrived-I loved the design ! It is super easy to clean ! And YAY-the splash guard actually functions as it should . The whole thing is only 2 pieces . The base and then the bowl & splash guard . I put my son on the potty the very night it came in-and it fit him perfectly . And to make it even better ... he went in the potty & NO MESS . No more mopping the floor each time . I love it . I 'm so glad to find a potty chair that is suited for big boys !
 This was our second attempt at a potty chair . We have been pleased with the design and the size which is larger and therefore more comfortable than the first one we tried . Our toddler likes using it . A big plus - no bells and whistles and obnoxious cartoon characters . Worth it .
 BabyBj&ouml;rn Potty Chair - BlueMy daughter had purchased another potty chair with all the buzzes and whistles . It actually talked . The baby enjoyed playing with it but that is about it . With the new chair , which looks like a real potty he has already started doing his business . What else can you ask for ?
 My 3-year-old daughter is in the 99 percentile on height and weight -- she 's a big girl . This potty is the perfect size for her . Also , the design of the front of the potty allows for no `` splashes '' or messy streams outside of the potty . On some other designed pottys she had to be sitting perfectly or there was a big mess ; not with this one . I highly recommend it . Also , I put it in the back of our vehicle when we 're travelling or for ballgames , and it will work in this way for another year , I think . -LRB- Then she 'll be too big for the chair by the time she weighs over 45 lbs . Besides , by then she 'll be able to `` hold it '' until we find a toilet . -RRB-
 This is a wonderful potty.It is long/big enough for my son -LRB- 3 years -RRB- to fit in properly . It has very few joints/seams for stuff to get stuck in and it does not slide and slip across the floor . All in all it is a wonderful potty and i am glad i found it after buying 3 other unsuccessful ones . And best of all my son loves it .
 We love this cute little potty . My son loves it too . I really like the front part that comes up slightly for boys and its easy to clean as well .
 This is a great potty chair . It is simple but cute , does n't take up too much space in the bathroom , and is very easy to clean because of the removable inner potty . The splash guard works really well for a girl , and we 've had no leaks . Be careful , though , since the inner potty can get stuck to the child 's bottom and create a mess if he/she gets up too fast . We learned this the first week , but since my daughter learned not to jump off her potty chair excitedly when she is done , we 've had no accidents .
 Perfect . Just what we were looking for . Simple , easy to clean , fits easily in any standard bathroom . Potty training , here we come .
 I am very pleased that I went ahead and purchased this potty as opposed to what I usually get at the local Wal-Mart . This potty is a great size and shape for my girls . I primarily use this for my youngest -LRB- now 7m -RRB- for EC , however my oldest -LRB- 2.5 -RRB- who is almost done potty training likes it also and has used it several times ! I like the high back , makes it easier to keep the baby seated , and my oldest seems more comfy having a higher back to lean against . Am probably going to get another to keep at the grandparents ' house . Would definitely recommend !
 Works like a charm ans is easy to clean ! Granso even asks for it by name - i.e. , &#34; Potty &#34; This works very well and assists with potty training .
 This is an excellent first potty for a toddler as they are going through potty training . My son loves this potty and the color . He feels that it 's his &#34; special potty &#34; and has taken to it very easily . The fact that it 's &#34; his own &#34; has made potty training a breeze , as he loves the experience of going completely on his own on a poty that 's his favorite cover . The little guard on the front ensures that there are minimal accidents and the plastic surface makes the potty easy to clean .
 I started using this when my son was 13 months , and the high back is perfect for smaller children . He 's 19 months now and still very comfortable using it .
 we havent learned yet to use on it but i love the color and looks nice in the rest room and
 We had another potty that was given to us and i now know why , it spilled everytime she used it . I bought this seat and never had an accident . The back of the seat is highly and the front is just right that there has not been any on the floor . Would highly recommend !
 This potty arrived super fast . . -LRB- I live overseas in Japan -RRB- . I think it arrived here in less than a week ! This potty is as cute as a button , super easy to clean , and my son LOVES it . The first time he saw it he wanted to sit . . I had him peeing in it on his second try of sitting on it !! Best potty on the market ! I am so relieved at how easy potty training is with this thing ! Thank you Baby Bjorn for coming up with this amazing design !!
 The moment my daughter saw it , she started to use it . It catches her attention right away . The potty is sturdy and comfortable for young kid .
 I bought this for my 2 year old grandson . He loves it ! I liked the height , color choices , ease of cleaning & the non-slip bottom . He removes the bowl & empties it into the big potty by himself . Anything that encourages him to use the potty is a positive thing .
 I am very happy with my purchase . This potty chair is sturdy and easy to clean . The splash guard seems to work very well for boys . Also , I like the simple yet `` fashionable '' design , and so does my son.Since it 's made of plastic , you may get some -LRB- mineral ? -RRB- buildup from urine . I put vinegar in the potty to soak it , and it came out very nicely . After using for almost 2 years , it still looks brand new .
 I purchased this potty after I bought and returned an Elmo potty and Safety 1st potty from Wal-Mart . The Elmo one looked too much like a toy -LRB- my son just wanted to play with it -RRB- and the Safety 1st one was an awkward square shape -LRB- my son actually cried out of discomfort the first time he sat on it . -RRB- I read lots of reviews and decided on this one and it did NOT disappoint ! I love that it actually looks like a toilet , not a toy ! The high back and arm rests provide extra support for getting on and off . The contoured front is great for boys . It is VERY easy to clean . Oval shape is similar to a real toilet which makes it easier to transition . Best of all , my son loves it and seems very comfortable on it . I would highly recommend !!!
 This potty is great ! My son loves to sit on it and the splashguard is definitely tall enough so that he does n't spray the floor . : -RRB-
 My father had made my daughter a potty , but it had the pot that slid from behind under the seat . So there were little spills from time to time . I bought this potty and my daughter loves it !! It 's so easy for her to pick up and flush and there is never a mess . Definitely worth every penny !
 We 'd tried other potties with no success . The stable base and high back on this potty make it comfortable for my child . Since he can easily sit on the potty and feel secure , it is easier for him to go . Clean-up is very easy with this potty , because there are no crevices . Highly recommended !
 I went throung various potty training chairs and seats , and the potty training was not successful . After I got this one , my son pretty much potty trained in a few weeks . He loves it , it is very comfortable and there is a support for childs back . I am a first time parent and I wish someone would have told me about this potty chair earlier .
 I purchased this for my 16 months just to get started . She is still trying to figure what is this . Sometime she think this is toy . We are still trying to teach her to sit on and I am sure she will learn pretty soon . I feel like 16 months is little bit early for potty.I like this product as it has high back rest . With the value this items I paid , it worth .09 / 20/2011 : Just to give you update : She started using this after 18/19th month and NO MORE DAIPERS >> >> WOW she still loves this ...
 I looked at several potties before choosing this one . I like it 's simple construction and the fact that the splash guard is `` built in . '' My son is over 30 lbs and has no problem sitting on this seat . I would highly reccomend using this potty for boys simply because it does not have a flimsy splash guard like so many others .
 My wife just purchase this potti chair and we ca n`t be happier with the results . The same day she brought it home , our son did number one immediately . I do n`t know what made him do it so quickly , but it works . It so easy to clean with no mess . This is a must have if you are experiencing trouble in making your son go to the potti .
 We had the Royal Potty by Fisher Price before this one and were not happy with it at all . This potty is better in every way . Forget the bells and whistles of the fisher price potties and go for the simple , efficient , easy to clean , and pretty Baby Bjorn . My son would n't sit on the other potty because it was n't comfortable , he also had trouble backing up onto it him self . He can get on the Baby Bjorn all by himself and he 's comfortable sitting there for a while . We are so glad we made the switch .
 My three year old used this when she would n't go alone and needed this is the Living Room . It was a great seat because she could sit back and just go . She 's moved on since then but I will remember this great seat always and keep it for my son for next year !
 I was looking for a potty to use for baby potty training , he 's 6 months old and in the 25th precentile . I saw that some people commented that it was small , which is what i was actually looking for , and it works great for us . The back is great , he can sit on quite comfortably , so long as I entertain him!He has used successfully , and it 's really easy to empty . I just add some water if needed and flush it , the seat just lifts out.There is an imprint on his bum after he gets up , but he does n't seem to mind.Here 's a tip
 When I began my research for a potty chair for my son , I had no idea how many things there were to consider ! I really did n't want anything that made noise or had lights but we ultimately decided on this chair because of the one-piece splash guard since I learned that it was n't uncommon for little boys to hurt their tender bits on other chairs . It is well-made and sturdy ; it did n't tip when my son got on or off . I think the main thing it did was to give my son the confidence to use a potty - his feet stayed securely on the ground and it was stable and did n't slip around . He had no problem getting himself on and off of it and he liked the ` responsibility ' of dumping the contents into the big potty -LRB- I liked that it was easy for him to do that , and easy for me to clean the bowl afterward -RRB- .
 I used this seat with my son , and now with my daughter . He started potty training at 12 months and was pretty much done at 15 months , with his very last accident at 18 months . He was a small toddler and the seat was just the right size to sit on.Now I have a six month baby girl , we are E.C.ing -LRB- Elimination Communication , or Infant Potty Training -RRB- . She uses the pot part separate from the chair to pee in . We have been using in with her since she was two weeks old , and she is very comfortable sitting over it in mommy 's lap . She recognizes the pot and knows what it is for . I look forward to the days when she will recognize the pot in the chair and sit on it by herself.Great seat , easy to clean , nice for early starters , and also for older kids who want their own chair and want to empty the deep pot by themselves . -LRB- Very low risk of spilling . -RRB- Mrs. Meg Logan
 We purchased this potty for our son after the potty we borrowed from my sister consistantly leaked urine when he would potty on it . This seat is great -- only two pieces and super easy to clean . The splash guard on the front is one solid piece with the bowl so it does n't have the gap that caused the problem on the other potty . The splash gaurd is also high enough so it gets everything in the bowl . This is by far the best potty out there !
 I started potty trainingg -LRB- Elimination Communication method -RRB- my 4 month old with this potty . The design makes it easy for the child to go to the bathroom . I swear it puts pressure in the right areas to help express the pee and poop ! My baby is already potty trained at 6 months ! She loves the potty . The back and side rests give her the support she needs . She sits on it like it is a throne . It is easy to clean and very sturdy . The best potty in the world !
 This is a great chair . Very sturdy . The white piece in the middle easily comes out so you can empty the contents when needed . The bottom of the chair has a non slip rubber so it stays in place . Materials seem high quality . The shape of the chair seems to be comfortable for my child . I give it a thumbs up .
 I love the simplicity of this potty . It does n't have a bunch of distractions , or anything to ` scare ' a toddler . My only issue is that my little girl always wants to pull the little bowl part out and wear it as a ` hat ' . She has yet to potty in the chair , but I 'm nervous that when she does , she will still pull it out , and make a huge mess . I did n't consider that before I bought this .
 I just love this potty . It is the only potty I 've found for my 2-1/2 year old son that is both easy for him to use and SUPER easy to empty and clean ! We had been using a different potty with a cushioned seat for awhile before realizing the cushion was soaking up urine , yuck !! This one is so easy to clean ; I ca n't say enough good about it .
 My 2.5 year old is a big kid , 40 lbs , 38 '' tall . He needs a bigger potty chair , which this is . We have the smaller baby bjorn potty we were using but he ca n't keep his pee in it , he 's just too big . I like that the potty cup comes out to wash , but it often sticks to his bottom as he stands up from it . We 've had urine on the floor several times just because of this . I ask him to hold the white cup down when he stands up , he just gets over excited when he goes and stands up right away to look inside . He sat on one at a friends house that had a cover over the removable cup , which is by far a better design , but the high back on this one makes a nice spot for spending extended amounts of time on it as he reads and tries to go . All in all , I like it and would recommend it with reservations .
 I love this chair - it 's a lovely shade of blue . I do n't think it 's any cheaper than I could purchase at Target , however , that would be the only -LRB- if any -RRB- downfall . It 's the perfect size for my 18 month old son , and he will grow into it easily .
 It seems comfortable to sit on it . My baby loves it and starts to try to sit on it often . It works great for us to do training .
 We bought this for potty training for child # 2 . It 's the best thing around . With our oldest , we bought the chairs with all the gadgets , gimmicks , etc as well as some others . Hands down , this simple , easy-to-clean , comfortable chiar is all that 's needed . Best you can get !
 This is the best potty ever . My daughter feels so comfortable with this potty and actually prefers this potty over her princess one that makes sounds . When we first started potty training my husband bought her the princess potty which plays music when pee hits the sensors and she liked it but used it only a couple of times because she preferred her `` white potty . '' Great potty and love the back support . In fact , we have to convince her to get off the potty after she 's done going to the bathroom otherwise she will want to read or watch a video on it for an hour -LRB- if we let her -RRB- . Definitely recommend !
 I originally started with a small seat to put on the toilet for my toddler , but this works way better . He is able to sit in it comfortably and I do n't have to worry about it tipping over . I like the white color so I can easily see spot and make sure its clean .
 I loved this thing . Very high quality made , has an attractive look . I will be ordering more stuff from this company .
 We 've had this for 2 years now and its an excellent product . My son is 5 already and he still using it because its in his bedroom and he does n't have to go all the way downstairs to pee if he does n't want to since there is no bathroom upstairs . I love how I can just remove the insert and take it down with me on my way down , its small enough it can be rinsed out in the sink . So we use it long after he 's potty trained its just a useful little thing , and portable if you need to take it on a trip or somewhere . My only regret is not buying it sooner . This would make an excellent gift for a baby shower !
 This is a great potty for potty training . I use this for my 2 year old , and it 's a good size for him to sit on . It also has a pee-pee guard -LRB- I 'm sure there 's a technical name for it -RRB- , so he does n't spray all over when sitting down . It 's very easy to pull the white part out and clean it with each use . It 's also very , very light , so I can carry it up and down the stairs to different bathrooms . Good buy .
 I did plenty of research before ordering this chair and I 'm glad I did . This chair is great and my daughter has been sitting on it off and on all week . Every day she is trying to get better at being potty-trained . This chair is great , ESP . For the price !
 my son loved this , it was sturdy , easy to clean , great ` splash &#34; protection in the front , i would highly recommend this to anyone who is potty training their kids , great for boys and girls !
 We used this for both of our boys and am glad to say they are now successfully trained . This is a low price , high quality option .
 Bought this for my grandson when he comes over . It 's lightweight and easy to move . He seems to like it . The plastic shroud in the front is great . My only concern is that it could be bigger . If you have a boy and get this system , you 'll learn what I mean .
 I love that this potty blends in well in the bathroom . White just like the adult sized toilet . My daughter really likes to sit on it and we are just starting the potty training with it . Seems very easy to clean out .
 We bought this potty to train our daughter off diapers . At first she seemed like she was avoiding it . Then one day -LRB- just about 2 years old -RRB- she started asking to go to the potty by herself . It is easy to clean . It is stable . It is easy to move around the house and most importantly she likes it .
 Easy to clean , attractive , nice back and side support and a safe urine catcher . What more could I ask for . Son likes it and the Potty book I got to go with it is great too .
 My daughter started using this at 6 months . All her poops goes in it everyday . She loves it and looks very comfortable on it
 I bought this chair as a second potty for my 11/2 year old daughter while I potty trained my son . I already owned a a white one for him.The great part of this potty is its simplicity . The high back is genius . The 2 piece design is perfect . My wife thought my son would like a `` car '' potty . It broke down into 4 pieces . My kids tore it apart playing with it .
 My daughter loves this potty . She actually thinks using it is fun . My wife and I have bought a few other potties that just did n't work that well . This one is perfect . We are so happy we bought it .
 I purchased this potty chair after researching and reading reviews for the most popular ones . I was concerned about comfort , how easy it would be to clean , and if the shield was tall enough so that my sonwould not pee overit onto the floor . So far , he loves sitting on his blue bear potty and has peed in it several times !! It is so easy to clean and there are no small crevices that would be hard to clean out . The bottom of the seat stays put on the floor and keeps my son from moving it all around the bathroom scooting it . It is small and fits great in our small bathroom , but still plenty big enough for my son who is 27 lbs and 33.5 in tall . He will still be able to use this potty for awhile ! This potty chair is definitely worth the price and I would and have recommended it to friends ! The only thing I would change about this seat would be to have all these same features but still come apart to have the seat sit on the big potty and be used as a step stool , but there are several seats that already offer that . I am so happy with this potty that I do n't really mind that I need to purchase another seat for the big potty and astep stool . For now , this seat is perfect for my little one : - -RRB-
 Awesome !!!! My son who is 40lbs and only 2 years old ca n't fit onto any other seat . Plus this one is soooo great for boys , there is plenty of space and the guard in front makes it really easy !!! I love it !!!
 Highly recommend this for training potty . Have a little girl and it has been so easy to use and teach with . Easy to clean and move around . No problems with splash back either .
 Great purchase ! My son loves this seat . The splash guard is high enough for little boys who are learning to stay seated the entire potty experience . ;-RRB- The bowl in the middle is easy to remove and clean . I would definitely recommend this potty to any of my friends .
 I purchased this seat when my firstborn was a toddler . I 'm guessing he was around 2.5 years old.It came with 2 pieces
 I love this potty . Because it only has two pieces to it , its easy to clean . The high pee-guard means no need to supervise when my son is using it . We do n't ever have any splashing incidents . Like most stand alone potties , it is very small and low to the ground so I do n't anticipate being able to use it for much longer .
 My 18 month old daughter loves her new potty . She sits in it a couple times a day . I love the fact that it has the rubber bottom so it wo n't slide around on the kitchen floor . And no matter how she climbs on it she ca n't seem to tip it over . Its great . We have the green one , its a little lighter in color then the picture online .
 My 10 months old bay just likes this potty . It is a very good choice .
 This is the second potty that I bought . I started with the Fisher Price Fun and Learn potty . My son hated it . I bought the white Bjorn potty chair . I let my son put Thomas the Train stickers all over it . Now , he loves it .
 This potty chair is great ! My son is a big kid at 2 , and the other chairs I purchased were way too small for him to get his whole behind on . Plus , this seat is oval so it gives him plenty of room for his `` baby boy parts '' without scraping or squishing him , and plenty of room to keep the potty from splashing out . He has never complained about sitting on this chair , and will sit there for ages while we wait ! A great product !
 My son loves this potty and I think it 's easy to clean . we have several around the house and even have one for the car .
 After countless searches for potty styles and reviews , I decided to purchase the babybjorn potty chair for my 2.5 yrs toddler boy . I wanted something simple with no frills/noises/characters , plus I wanted an easy on/off for the potty insert . This one is great with one piece insert vs. others with 2 parts for the insert -LRB- splash guard -RRB- . My toddler and I went on babybjorn 's website to see the various screens of toddlers using their pottys . I let my toddler pick out the color , he wanted orange which they did n't have , so he decided instead on the blue . The potty is very roomy and there 's no worry of a tip over . To start , I have my toddler sit on the potty every evening before his bath ... he loves it and ca n't wait to sit on his very own potty ! I would definitely recommend this one vs all those others that are too distracting to any toddler .
 This is our daughter 's second potty chair , and I 'm so glad we bought it . We started with the Safety 1st Comfy Cushy 3-in-1 Potty , because I thought she would like the soft seat . That seat , however , is a ring that does not stay in place very well . She always chooses this Baby Bjorn potty over the other chair . It is simple to use and very easy to clean .
 BabyBj&ouml;rn Potty Chair - BlueThis potty seat is awesome . I bought it for my nine month old and he loves to sit on it and pee in it before bathtime .
 We love this chair . We used a couple of other chairs with our older daughter and they just were not as stable or as easy to sit down on . This chair is also very easy to clean .
 This seat has a large oval opening which allows plenty of room for little boys to scoot around .
 That 's not true for all potty seats -LRB- some seem better designed for girls than boys -RRB- , but since we have B/G twins and ideally wanted matching seats , we researched exhaustively . The Baby Bjorn Potty Chair was an excellent purchase and made potty training relatively easy.It 's also attractive , comfortable , and cleans easily . 5 stars.We had red and blue but there are more color choices now , and note also that certain colors go on sale from time to time .
 This is the only potty chair you will ever want or need ! My two children -LRB- ages 3 and 2 -RRB- loved their chairs and were potty trained in no time using the Baby Bjorn potty chairs . I previously purchased one that played songs when they went potty , but I quickly found it was very difficult to clean and to move around the house -LRB- too many parts -RRB- . I loved the fact that is was so very easy to clean - no cracks or grooves or lids to worry about ! And I loved the portability of the chair . It is lightweight and easy to move around the house -LRB- I would use it in the children 's playroom when they could not make it to the bathroom -RRB- . The Baby Bjorn could easily be used in your vehicle as well . Great simple design and very comfortable for the children to use as well . Two thumbs up !
 This is the potty chair to get . It does n't cost that much more than the Target one we originally got , but it is way , way better . It really is ergonomically superior . I completely recommend it .
 This has been our saving grace on the road , anywhere when your kids wait until the last possible minute to go to the bathroom and then your running frantically , while they are crying . Keep it in the car trunk - you wo n't be sorry , along with some wipes - It 's been the smartest thing I figured out as a mom .
 We used this mainly as a car potty because my son did not like loud flushing public restrooms . It is very lightweight but sturdy in the back of our SUV , seems comfortable and we never had any leaking/tipping/splashing issues . This chair is super easy to clean thanks to its lack of moving parts . I 'd buy it again .
 I orignally bought the baby bjorn seat for the toilet . My daughter was afraid to go on the big potty , so I bought this potty . She sat in it right away . Now that she is getting older , she alternates between the two units . I prefer the seat , since it is less clean up but I let her choose . As long as she is going potty , I do n't care.I have n't had an issues with this unit and I like baby bjorn products . I also have 2 step stools , which are great and the baby carrier , which I loved when my daughter was smaller .
 This is a great potty . The biggest issue to me was cleaning . This chair has no seems or corners to trap things . The inner liner lifts off and is easy to wipe clean with a disinfectant cloth . The boy shield is not too high and is rounded nicely so they wo n't hurt themselves while getting on . The base is very solid and sturdy and does n't move at all . It also looks comfortable with the arm rests . My son is n't potty trained yet but we purchased it so he could get used to sitting in it . He seems very happy and will even sit in it to read a book . Does what it should and does n't distract from what they are supposed to be doing with alot of toys and noise .
 My little girls likes using this over the other potty that we got , personally i think it works better than other , cheaper ones , i like the hard seat so she doesnt want to sit there forever , and it forces her to get in the proper `` position '' which she doesnt always achieve the other potty .
 Our first potty for our daughter had one of those squishy foam-type seats . We thought that would be more comfortable , but soon realized it just irritated her bum . It had a huge reservoir , was a pain to dump and clean , and that foam part was always getting dirty and could never be completely cleaned.A friend had a Baby Bjorn , and seemed happy with it , so we gave it a try . My daughter chose her own color - I love that there are so many options - and we ended up with a green one . She loves this potty . It seems comfortable , and she does n't get that red ring around her bottom from sitting on it . And best of all , it 's SO EASY TO CLEAN . The reservoir is compact and can be rinsed in a small bathroom sink , but holds plenty . If you forget to dump it once , it wo n't overflow on the second use.My first daughter still prefers this potty over using the adult one . She 's 3.5 , and big for her age . The size of this potty is very versatile , and I think it will last her a good while longer if she needs it to.Now my second daughter is getting to the potty-training age -LRB- 18 months -RRB- , and we 've invested in a second one in her favorite color , yellow -LRB- it 's actually a lovely shade -RRB- . The same potty that can accomodate my preschooler works just as well for my little toddler , and that 's a great feature.I have zero complaints about the Bjorn potty . It 's absolutely worth the extra money .
 My son started showing potty training ready signs at 16 or 17 months . I did n't know much about potty chairs so I just went out bought a `` simple '' cheap chair . The cheap chair was a great introduction for my son but when the time came that he was truly ready he needed a real potty chair and for him it was the BabyBjorn potty chair . After we received this chair -LRB- after doing much research on potty chairs -RRB- I spent two days potty training my son with much success . My son was just under 23 months when he was potty trained and although I give the trophy to my son for being ready , the right potty chair only made my son 's job that much easier . This chair is perfect for boys with the rounded edges of the potty guard so their delicate bits are protected . The high backing provides support and offers comfort for the child . The tub of the chair is just the perfect size for little bums . My son always fell into his other potty chair which made him leary but this just fit perfectly . And as a plus for the parents-there are only two pieces to this chair which makes for easy cleaning . My son has been potty trained for a month and even when taking a bath he will get out of the nice warm tub to do his business in his favorite blue chair . I have already recommended this chair to 3 of my friends who have boys and although I recognize that every child is different and you have to find what works for your child , I would highly recommend this chair to anyone in the potty training stages whether you have boys or girls .
 This is a solid and staple potty that is exactly the right size for my daughter . The pot is easy for her to remove , empty , and replace without spillage . I do n't think I could ask for anything more .
 I love this potty chair . My daughter uses it all the time . It is very easy to clean , having no little crevices to collect grime . The little splash guard is probably supposed to be for little boys , but it 's good for her too - when the flow hits the hard plastic it does n't splash out on the floor .
 I had bought a different potty for my little girl and she would not even sit on it . I bought it because it played music and had a flushing sound . She did not like it at all . She LOVES this one . It has a back on it -LRB- unlike some -RRB- and she sits on it just like a little chair . It is comfortable for her and easy for her to get up and down on .
 My daughter is 18 months and used this potty chair for the first time this evening . It 's a decent seat . It fits her well , and she seems comfortable with using it . I 'd say it 's a decent value as well .
 My son loves this potty . After some introduction time , he is excited to use it and usually stays seated -LRB- he is 19 mo -RRB- We have been doing light potty training since he was 12 mo old , and started with a crappy but simple potty from Target . The old one often pinched him and sometimes he was able to poop on the back of the bowl , but not with this potty . It 's sturdy , seals nicely and easy to clean . Wish I would have found this one first !
 Great starter potty for toilet training . Just the right size , plain and not intimidating . No destractions . Great rubber bottom so it does not slide on bathroom floor . Very easy to clean ! I loved this one so much , I bought 2 more .
 This potty is simple , sturdy , and easy to clean . Works great for my 18-mo . old son . We have n't experienced any of the problems with the splash guard that some other reviewers have mentioned . We 're happy with this potty , it 's much better than others we 've used .
 I love this potty chair . It 's easy for my child to use , easy to clean and simple . I 've tried purchasing chairs that `` flush '' , `` talk '' , etc. , and do n't like them because it 's just not good to mix electronics with a little potty chair ! Usually they are defective or more complicated . I was happy when I bought this because it 's simple and easy for my little one to use . It 's also made very well and has a nice skid proof bottom . Great product !
 We had one of those cheap pottys we bought at Walmart , I think Safety1st . My son hated it and so did I . The hole is too small and it 's just flimsy . So I ordered this potty based on reviews . I kid you not - when my son saw this potty the first time , he expelled `` potty ! '' pulled down his pants and sat on it . Just like that . Now I do n't plan to potty train him until the summer , but he just likes sitting on it and that is fantastic .
 This is the perfect potty in my opinion . It is n't too big and its easy to keep clean -LRB- not a lot of nooks and crannies like the Fisher Price one -RRB- . I also like that it is very stable , it would be nearly impossible to tip it . I would definitely recommend this potty , buy one for each bathroom and to keep in the car for those inevitable emergencies !
 I bought this product too early for my baby to use but now that she is 2 she is teaching herself to potty . I have this in the restroom and when my child would see me use the toilet she decided she wanted to use her babybjorn potty and she actually is in the process of training herself . For now she only pees in it and she even empties it out by herself in the toilet and she is 2 years old . This product is cool she sits on it she does not fall in she fits perfectly even tough she is petite . It does not tip over its perfect . I love this babybjorn it is awesome there are no cons to this product .
 honestly , i was going to get the smart potty instead , but this was eligible for amazon prime and thus a few cents cheaper -LSB- every penny counts these days ! -RSB- but , im glad i got the potty chair . on a quick note , the green is not a bright lime green , its more of a muted lime green if that makes sense . -LSB- more natural-leaf-looking than neon . -RSB- were not getting too serious about potty training , just yet , but we do set our daughter on the potty after naps . shes peed in it a couple times , now . the center `` potty bowl '' removes easily and doesnt force you to touch anywhere the pee has touched since it has a `` lip '' to grab up under the front `` horn '' of the bowl . you simply remove and dump the bowl part into the adult potty , maybe put a lil water in it from the faucet to rinse it and dump the contaminated water into the toilet , too . very , very easy to use . my daughter can sit on it herself -LSB- shes 13m -RSB- and stand up unassisted , as well . the back chair part aids her in sitting down so she doesnt plop down -LSB- like every child this age does -RSB- and lean back too far.the only down side i see with this potty is my daughters curious and wants to touch inside the bowl while sitting on the potty . but thats just a learning curve of whats `` yucky '' and shouldnt be touched . ; -RRB- overall , i recommend the baby bjorn potty chair because it doesnt have any bells and whistles -LSB- which i find pretty pointless for a get-down-to-business type of personal business , -RSB- its fairly inexpensive compaired to others out there , and its functional and safe -LSB- no leaning back too far . -RSB-
 We got this potty chair in pink and it has been well used in our house ! My daughter was introduced to the potty at a very early age so that she could take her time in getting comfortable with it . I love how it is a simple , uncomplicated , yet stylish , chair . Not at all garish or intimidating for the baby . My daughter recognized pretty quickly what this potty chair was meant for and we have had no problem in having her relieve herself in it . Its purpose is clear because there are no distracting sounds or cartoon figures detracting from it . The high seat back has proved to be useful . My daughter holds onto it for balance as she is sitting down . It also seems to be difficult to tip over . The only thing that I was concerned about was that the high seat back invites my daughter to lean her back up flush against it so that half of her bum winds up resting on the back rim of the potty seat . Not good for free flow of bowel movements . Thankfully she has had no messy accidents with this . Somehow she learned to scoot forward enough in her seat so that all her waste drops freely into the bottom of the bowl . My mother-in-law bought the same potty chair to keep at her house after seeing just how well it has been working out here . I 'm thinking of buying another for our second bathroom . Love it .
 I bought this item because I had previously bought the ` comfy cushy ' potty by Safety 1st which I discovered was extremely unsanitary and GROSS ! This potty is so nice compared to others I have seen.This potty chair is not like to ones you see in stores . The store ones have pictures , characters , buttons , and sounds . I do n't want my child to be distracted by that kind of stuff . This potty is definitely plain and simple . I got the white one because it looks more like a real toilet . So far it is VERY easy to clean . The splash guard works pretty well for my little boy -LRB- 18 months -RRB- , and the seat fits him well , in fact , he still has lots of room to scoot back if he wants . So far I have not had a problem with the seat moving around or pinching his skin . I am glad I finally found the potty that works for my little boy !
 Okay so I ordered this potty from amazon based on the reviews . I have 16 month old boy and figured why not get this started . I looked at many potty chairs and spent days reading reviews before deciding on this one . I just received it today and my son has made tinkles on it 4 times in 6 hours . He absolutely loves it , the last two times he sat there for about 10 minutes waiting to tinkle a second time . It was super easy to clean and at first impression I 'm really happy !!! One week later and nothing but success I love the simple design it is so easy to keep clean and the splash guard works great !!! This is an awesome product and I would recommended this to any parent trying to potty train a boy .
 I am potty training my 19 month old daughter . She is my 6th child and I have owned a league of potties over the years . The problem with so many potties that I find is that there are too many bells and whistles that make potty time more of playtime than getting down to business . This potty is super simple to clean which is a BIG bonus over other potties . You simply pick up the insert , dump it into the toilet and rinse out the insert . I usually just use a clorox wipe to clean it out . The shield is high enough that a boy will not pee all over himself , but short enough that a little girl will not jab herself while trying to sit down . My daughter is 19 months and 24 lbs and this seat is the perfect height for her . As said , my twin 3 year old sons have used this a few times -LRB- when both just got ta go at the same time and one is already on the big potty -RRB- and had absolutely no issues with it at all . I wish I would have bought this the first time instead of spending hundreds on other potties over the past decade .
 I bought this for my 2 year old daughter to help with potty training . We also have theMommy 's Helper Contoured Cushie Step Upbut that is a little difficult for her to get to the top step and turn around on her own so we wanted something she could use a bit more autonomously and that we could bring with us for potty stops during a driving vacation . This potty fits that bill however , my two concerns with it are making sure she sits square on it so she does n't land on the spray guard and hurt herself . Also , one time she was sitting on it and stood up to adjust herself and the white potty part stuck to her bottom so when she went to sit down again , somehow she got a tiny bit of her skin pinched between the white removable part and the red main body part . It really hurt so now whenever she uses it , I make sure to un-stick the seat from her skin before she sits down again . Other than those two points , it seems like a good enough potty . I do n't know if it 's helping her learn to go any faster than any other potty seat but it had good reviews and she fits well on it -LRB- she 's very tall for her age -RRB- .
 I purchased two big boy potty books that arrived a few days before this potty did . We had a different potty that did not work well for boys at all . Once this potty got here he has not had one accident !!! He just turned two yesterday and he loves his potty ! He gets excited every time he goes and claps for himself proclaiming that he is a big boy !!! I would highly recommend this potty !!!! Do n't keep searching buy this one ! I threw his other potty right in the garbage .
 Just started introducing the potty to my 19 month old and he loves to sit on it and `` practice '' . So far so good ...
 With five young children in our home , we have two of these Baby Bjorn potties . With constant use -LRB- and abuse -RRB- they still look brand new ! They are easy to clean -LRB- I have even stuck the bowl portion in the dishwasher -RRB- and easy to transport . My kids LOVE the bright colors which make potty training easier :-RRB- Well worth the money !!
 What a great potty seat !! The molded plastic makes clean up a breeze so you do n't have a residual odor developing . My son loves it . It is also small enough it does n't take up much room in the bathroom . And the color blends in nice .
 This is the second potty seat that I bought for my daughter . She loves this seat . The first potty seat was one that could turn into a stepstool . You could remove the top to put on the toilet if you wanted . Well , we thought that was great , until we realized the top and bottom were constantly separating . It was making us crazy and annoyed . It was also awful to clean.Being a big fan of other Bjorn items , I decided to buy the -LRB- what I thought was overpriced -RRB- potty . Well , I wish I had just bought this in the first place . It 's a cinch to clean ! Just so easy to pop in the shower if there is an awful mess to clean.It has no whistles or bells . Instead of a sticker chart , I told my daughter I 'd give her money everytime she used the potty . She was excited to `` feed her piggy '' pennies.My daughter -LRB- now 3 -RRB- also sits on this chair when she is playing . Its that confortable . Also , small and portable enought to take with you when sleeping over someones house .
 I purchased this potty because it was very simple in design . I knew the ones that looked too much like toys or played music would be distracting to my daughter . The first time I put it out she sat right down by herself . After reading other reviews , I also agree that this is a small potty and one of the reasons it works so well for us is that my 18 month old daughter is very petite . If she were on the opposite size of the growth scale , I can see that it would likely not be wide enough.Still , for us , it 's great ! Simple design , easy for her to get on and off of herself , easy to clean , it has a back that she can lean back against , nothing to fall or pinch her . If you have a smaller child , I would recommend this potty !
 Baby Bjorn consistently combines great design with simple products . No bells or whistles but it does the job . I would greatly recommend this product ; my daughter loves it and got motivated to start potty training .
 I ordered 2 of these - one for the downstairs bathroom and one for the upstairs bath . My daughter has taken to this seat right away . I had a musical potty seat prior to this one that did not work as well . This potty seat has a large opening for the children to comfortably sit on . There is a rubber backing on the bottom of the chair so it wo n't skid on your bathroom floor . Potty training has been much easier since I ordered this seat !
 I have a 13 month old daughter and she loves to sit on this potty . I must say that the smooth surface is easy to clean/wipe . The back rest is convenient b/c it keeps her/him in place . The middle leg divider has a Pro/Con . This part makes it a little difficult for her to stand up . This is a good thing if you want her/him to stay put , bad if you want her/him to get up on their own . Over all , my daughter loves it and that 's what is important for me .
 This chair is larger than some of the seats out there , and fits my average-sized 21/2 year old boy very well . Some seem like they would be really hard for a boy to use , as things tend to spray out of the smaller seats ! The seat is shaped just right for splashes , and it seems comfortable . Now if only my little guy would use it more than once a day , we 'd be in business ! I love the simple design , my son loves the color -LRB- he picked it out himself -RRB- , and it 's so simple to clean . It also has grips on the bottom so that it wo n't slide on the bathroom floor when he sits in it -- a must !
 kid friendly ... the right size for little bottoms and I sent it to my grandchild ... just in the nick of time .
 My older son would ONLY use this potty , which we had borrowed from a friend whose son was older . We moved and gave it back to them , as they had another younger boy and needed it . It is SO GOOD for boys especially , b/c the splash guard is HIGH and pee does n't wiz everywhere . Also , it is SO SIMPLE to clean -LRB- just two parts -RRB- from an adult perspective . So , I bought this for my younger son -LRB- now 2.5 yrs and potty training -RRB- BUT , my younger son is n't really that into it . He sort of likes the other -LRB- cheaper and actually more annoying & more messy -RRB- potty . So , long story short , it 's a good potty , especially for boys , but every kid is different and -LRB- as my older son says , &#34; Mom , kids like what they like ... &#34; -RRB- each has their own opinion -LRB- especially 2 yr olds ! -RRB- , so you never know if this will be &#34; the one &#34; they want to use and get trained on ! GOOD LUCK with potty training !
 Compact , friendly to the toddler . My two and one-half year old grandson likes to empty the bowl himself into the toilet , and it rarely spills .
 We have been through a few different potty chairs , and this particular model from Baby Bjorn is our favorite ! It is big enough and sturdy enough so that it does n't get knocked around by toddlers , but also not too big or obnoxious to look at . It does n't have the lights and sounds some of the others do , but we had those and a -RRB- they broke and b -RRB- our kids lost interest in them after a few weeks anyway .
 We love this potty !! We 're doing elimination communication -LRB- &#34; EC &#34; -RRB- with our daughter so we started &#34; pottying &#34; her almost as soon as she was born . Because we did n't know any better at the time , we first used a toilet seat reducer or just held her in the infant-in-arms EC position . Luckily , at around 4 months , we found this potty and have never looked back.The high back is perfect for infants who are n't able to sit up yet fully unsupported . We still needed to closely supervise , as she would sometimes lean forward and , once , she took a dive and ended up bruising her forehead on the bathroom floor . I blame myself fully , as I had looked away momentarily . Now that our daughter is older -LRB- 11 months -RRB- , her feet touch the ground , so she 's much more secure in the seat . She still needs close supervision though , as she likes to try and stand up out of the seat.I also love that the insert is easily removable . We just flush the &#34; contents &#34; and rinse the insert out with water in the sink . Every now and again we 'll let it soak in warm soapy water , but if it 's washed right away after use , it stays quite clean.All in all , this is a great potty and we 're very happy with our purchase . Thanks Baby Bjorn !
 I had read that this was the best potty for little boys . My son loves it so much he does n't want to get off it . A boy and his ` throne ' . We are very happy with it .
 After attempting potty training with a different potty chair , this one is a dream . The first one we had was a chair that doubled as s tool . It had a very limited splash guard and the seat was completely flat . My daughter would n't have anything to do with it . When we finally got her to sit on it and use it the pee went everywhere ! We bought this chair and she will sit on it and pee ! Right out of the box she did ! It is more ergonomic than most of the chairs out there and the splash guard is high which helps fight messes !
 This potty chair has far exceeded my expectations . I now have two in my home . The two most important characteristics of this chair are that it &#8217; s very comfortable and easy to use for the child , and SUPER easy to clean for the parents . I would recommend this potty chair to any parent looking to make potty training as simple and easy as possible !
 Very happy ! Its a must have if you have a boy ! This potty is simple and sturdy , gets the job done !
 It shipped fast and in perfect condition -LRB- new -RRB- . My little baby boy sits on it and seems very comfortable and with no problems . Perfect height , easy to clean and affordable . I highly recommend it and comes in many colors .
 My 13 month old has started to use the potty so I bought this chair and it 's a perfect fit for her . I tried a different one and she could n't quite get her feet to the ground . I feel like this is a perfect one . And I love gray !
 We started elimination communication with our daughter when she was five months old so we needed a potty that would give her support since she couldnt sit up on her own . This potty was perfect with the high back . We would place a hand on her tummy so she could Not fall forward but with the high back she was able to lean back and be comfortable . This potty has a non-skid bottom which is perfect for counter tops or wood floors . Some may think it is a little bulky when traveling and we have found that if we go to camp we just take the insert with us and she just uses that . We are very happy with this product our daughter does n't seem uncomfortable when using , it securely stays put when she is using it , and easy to rinse out reusable insert . We love : - -RRB-
 My daughter loves her personal pink potty . It 's the perfect size for her -LRB- 2 years old -RRB- . It 's very easy to empty and the surface of it is exceptionally easy to clean . The back on the seat is nice for when my daughter is having a longer potty experience , she just leans back on it.We have a fairly small bathroom but this potty fits with no problem !
 Our son loves this potty . It was delivered quickly , it washes easily , and it is simply wonderful . Only positive things to say about this potty . Highly recommend .
 I purchased this because my son 4 uses the babybjorn toilet seat and it was such a great product . This is another excellent product from this line . It seems to me that my children are more comfortable on products from this line so to me it is worth the extra expense .
 This is a great little potty chair . I like its two piece design , and how easy it is to empty . I like the high back , and so does my son as he likes to `` lounge '' as he uses it . The only downside is that the piece the comes out does sometimes stick to his behind so when he stands up there is potential for a mess , but this will be true with any two piece plastic chairs . I really like the no slip grips on the bottom of the chair so my son ca n't scoot it across the floor . All in all , I would probably buy this chair again .
 This is the best potty on the market . Two seamless smooth pieces makes it easy to clean , and the splash guard is smooth unlike others which have rough edges . Compared to the Bjorn smart potty , my son prefers this one . We use the smart potty for traveling and grandmas house . This one is larger and easier for my son to get off .
 Item as described . My grand daughter likes it she thinks it great just to sit on very comfortable for her to just it on . Not ready for training yet
 We love this potty chair -LRB- bought one for each bathroom -RRB- . The design is simple . It is comfortable and easy to use . My 2 year old son has had no problems with it . Very portable -LRB- we keep it in the back of our vehicle for longer trips -RRB- . We also have the BabyBjorn potty seat which is great as well . I like having both so my son can choose whichever he wants -LRB- he likes both equally -RRB- . Made in the USA too !!
 My 20 mo old is on the taller side , and the potty seems a little on the shorter side . However , it is the most comfortable seat we have tried -LRB- I have 4 boys -RRB- and the least likely to leak . Overall , I am well pleased and would highly recommend it for anyone with boys .
 If you have a boy buy this potty chair . My son -LRB- 3 -RRB- uses this potty chair all the time and I 'm happy with it . The pee does not spill out of the potty , every time he has used it he has never once made a mess on the floor . There is also room for him to grow . His bowel movements stay in the potty , I do n't have to scrub every surface to clean out his BM . It is easy to clean , i just rinse it and then use a disinfectant wipe . Cons
 I have two different pottys . This is my granddaughters favorite . It is very easy to empty and clean . I love it .
 We just bought our second one of these . We tried several different potties when training our oldest daughter , but the simple , sleek , easy to clean design of this one is superior to all the others we tried . We keep one in the house -LRB- carrying it around to whichever room she is in -RRB- and the other in the car . Would strongly recommend this potty !
 I have a son and this is perfect !!! He doesnt pee out of the potty and its easy to clean since it is solid plastic . It isnt distracting like the cartoon pottys so he just used it for its purpose and that 's it !!
 The first time I put my 15 mo old on this potty , she peed ! She only has once since , but she does know what it is for now only a couple weeks in . So far so good ! Would definitely buy this again !
 This potty is perfect for my 22 month old . I have had it for a few months now and she really likes to sit on it -LRB- even though she has n't gone in it yet -RRB- . She looks very comfortable sitting in it for long periods of time -LRB- which is where we are right now -RRB- . I love the ease of the removal bowl . The size is not too big or bulky . I 'm glad I made this purchase .
 This is the perfect potty ! We had been lifting my son up to use the BabyBjorn seat which fits on the big toilet but now he can use his own ! We have the smaller version of this seat but he had outgrown it . This seat is the next step up but we did n't know about it . I 'm so happy that he can use this by himself -LRB- he just turned two -RRB- . We now take the seat we used for the big potty out with us so he can use public bathrooms . Works like a dream ! Thanks again for another great product , Babybjorn !!
 I tried a over the toilette seat for my 2 year old but we have the chair height toilets in our house and I think being that far up off the floor scared him . I purchases this potty seat to try and he likes to sit on it and has pooped in the potty several times . The splash guard is built in so it is not uncomfortable as the splash guard on the over the toilette seat one I have . We are still in the learning stages but so far I think I made the right decision after researching so many different potty chairs .
 This potty chair is great but a little pricey . Easy to clean and no complaints from my son regarding comfort . Overall a great chair for the beginners .
 This is the best of all the potty chair options we 've tried . Its sturdy , stable and looks to be pretty comfortable . There are no distracting bells and whistles and my daughter ca n't fall out of it . My one critique is that my daughter loves to remove the white bowl and sit on the empty hole , but that 's more a problem for me to deal with than a design flaw -LRB- still , if you have a child who might do that too , this might be a factor for you because it just lifts off -RRB- .
 The Babybjorn Potty Chair has many nice features . Easy to clean -- supports child , compact sturdy and simple . BUT if your child is small -LRB- like mine -RRB- the guard on the front is cumbersome . My child ca n't not mount the potty himself and must be placed on the potty . When he tries to get on the potty he has hurt himself in ways that makes any male member of the household wince .
 Excelent , well built product . Very easy cleanup . Our daughter loves it and we would definitely recomend it to others -LRB- actualy we already did -RRB- .
 I purchased this potty in blue after reading so many great reviews on various websites . I 'm so glad we went with this one . It 's perfect . Easy to clean , nice looking , and seems comfy for my son . The guard does n't always work perfectly unless he 's sitting just right , but at least it has one ! Love this potty and highly recommend it !
 This is our 2nd potty seat . Our first one was a Winnie the Pooh potty . It was too small for our 2.5 year old son . His privates would always hit the splash guard . The Bjorn is the perfect size and cleans very easily . He loves sitting in it with little coersion involved .
 We purchased this potty chair and another one in pink for our b/g twins . They are very easy to use but our son has a bit of a problem keeping the urine `` in '' the potty chair , so the only thing I would change is making the shield a bit higher to give a better chance of it preventing `` overspray . '' Otherwise I love that the chair only has two parts , rather than a separate seat from bowl from base , like we had with our older children . I also like that these two chairs stack easily so we can bring them with us for day trips and vacations , etc. . Overall I am completely satisfied with my purchases .
 I love this potty chair , it 's perfect for my 2.5 year old . We still are n't trained yet , but he loves sitting in it and emptying it is a breeze . It has a high back so he can recline some and get comfy while waiting and it is a little higher up than most potty chairs , so if you have a taller child , that 's great . Nice big opening for everything to go in ... I have found with other potty chairs the opening is so small that pee and poop would splash everywhere , but this is nice and big and open to catch everything . Also has a little shield for boys .
 I was so happy when we got this chair delivered ! My daughter loved it instantly . We took it with us on vacation and it was easy to stick in the car and so great to have when needing to stop and have in the hotel room . The easy to pick up potty bowl makes dumping and cleaning so much easier . I love all Baby Bjorn products !!
 This is by far the best potty chair out there ! It comes in many different colors and my daughter picked pink . It is very easy for kids to sit on , so easy to empty , and no room for leaking on the floor like the models that have the slide in catch area.I have a daycare and all of my parents have purchased this potty after seeing how great it works ! Great chair at a wonderful price !
 I love the simplicity of this potty . It has a nice high back . The removable seat makes it easy to clean out , but is nice and secure when my son is sitting . The bottom has a rubber no-slip trim which is great for any kind of flooring . Perfect size for a toddler .
 Thanks to this potty , my son no longer looks like a gorilla sitting on a donut -LRB- husband 's words -RRB- !!! I love that I do n't have to keep telling him to `` point it down '' anymore because of the design . He sits very comfortable on it despite the fact that he 's only 2 , and the size of a 31/2 year old . The best thing is ... it 's super easy to clean !!!
 This is the second one of these we purchased on amazon for our second daughter . I wish I had bought one of these for my first ! They are the best ! Super easy to clean , very stable - much better than all the others . We 've had many others and they all went in the trash when we got the second one of these . Try it - you wo n't be sorry !
 For the most part , I really like this chair . My son is an average size two-year-old , and he fits really well on it . I also LOVE that the guard is permanent , rather than a flap that can fall off or be played with . Also , this chair is really easy for my son to get on and off of by himself , with the rubber lining on the bottom for holding the chair in place.The only thing I do n't like is that if he sits on it for more than 30 seconds , it leaves a red ring around his bottom . He 'll sit on it through a whole book or two , but if he has n't done his business by then , I 'm usually out of luck because the potty starts hurting his bottom and he wants to get off.All in all , a great , simple product . Not sure it 's totally worth the amount of money I paid -LRB- kind of expensive -RRB- , but my son likes it for short periods of time , so that 's helpful in the potty training experience .
 Great Potty . I got this to get my son used to the idea of using a potty and he loves sitting on it . It 's nice and roomy and is easy to clean . Just 2 pieces .
 This is the 3rd potty seat we 've tried - others failed because the cup in front was not tall enough for a little boy , no back support for him to sit there for a while , etc. . I wish we had gotten this one first - do n't be fooled by it 's simple design and the extra money . You 're going to save more than that by just heading straight to the one that works . This one was also much easier to clean than the other ones .
 My son is 20 months and figured it was time to start to potty training . The best thing about the chair is , he 's not afraid of it.Just be aware it has some size to it . Other than that it 's been GREAT !
 This product replaced our old chair which came apart to be cleaned and somehow always had urine seeping to places besides the bowl . The Baby Bjorn only has one removable piece , and everything is always in the bowl . I love how simplistic it is . The sizable `` horn '' on the front of the bowl keeps the firing zone covered for little boys which is a major bonus.My son is on medication which causes difficulty going . I decided that he may have success -LRB- and better health -RRB- if he were able to sit on a potty and relax . My concern before I ordered the chair was that it would not fit him properly since he is only 14 months old . Needless to say , we now are proud owners of a Baby Bjorn potty , and my baby puts a proud `` poo poo '' in it every day . The design is perfect for any little person to straddle , and their feet can rest on the floor so that they are confident and not afraid to fall off . This also gives them leverage for a `` good push '' .
 Our daughter loves her potty ! It is very sturdy - does n't tip over because of the rubber on the base . Very easy to clean . Wish it had a cover to prevent it from getting dirty -LRB- dust and hair -RRB- . Waiting to see how the splashguard will work once our son starts using it .
 I bought this potty for my 2 yr . old boy after wasting money on a cheaper 3-in-1 potty . I thought I would be saving money by getting something that was a potty , stool , and separate seat all in one , but my son hated it for various reasons . I ended up buying this one after being unsuccessful with the other one for months . I opened it in front of him when it arrived and made a big deal out of it , and he immediately sat on it and stayed there for a while , pretending . Within the next week , he started running to get it and bringing it into the living room so he could sit on it while he watched his Elmo 's Potty Time DVD . Within the week after that , he began wanting to try to go potty in it , and did ! I should have just listened to the fantastic reviews and gotten this one in the first place!I love this potty chair because
 Well , since this is just a potty seat there is n't a whole lot to say . It works great . We bought two of these and three or four of the smaller Baby Bjorn potty seat . Both kids were happy with them . The three year old sometimes will still use her Baby Bjorn instead of the regular sized toilet , and it still fits her fine .
 My son was showing interest in going to the potty . We bought a toilet seat that had a smaller seat inside the lid . He was not too thrilled . So we bought this chair and he instantly loved it . He talks to the bear whenever he goes and we have been accident free for 2 weeks . He is even coming around to the big potty ! Love this chair !!
 My nineteen month old daughter loves this potty chair . We even bought another one for her grandparents ' house . My daughter quickly adapted to the raised splash guard , so that was not a concern . The potty is very easy to clean , as well .
 My 19 month old daughter and I love this chair . She grew quite fond of it the moment I introduced her to it . She peed in her new chair almost immediately after sitting in it ! It was so exciting . Since then she 's peed and pooped in it a handful of times . Not only that , but she sits in it almost every day.It is cute , comes in several different colors , very light , and is easy to use and clean !
 This is the best potty chair ! My son used it for the first time at 15 months and will still use it now at 2 . It is the perfect size and he always looks very comfortable on it . It 's easy to empty , easy to clean , and we almost never have a problem concerning the height of the splash guard . This is one of the best purchases I 've made for him !
 I am getting ready to potty train my 2 year old girl . I 've owned two other potty chairs for my 4 year son , but wanted to try this particular chair . It looked more durable , simple , and I love the colors . I have no need for the bells and whistles of the new chairs.Also , I have been a fan of Bjorn for their infant carriers and their AWESOME plastic bibs . So far , the chair seems stable and sturdy . My girl sometimes has a hard time getting her leg over the ` splash guard ' - which I think would be great if Bjorn made the bowl versitle , with the splash guard on one end for boys and one without on the other end for girls . I 've tried to turn it but it does n't fit in the chair right . But otherwise , so far so good .
 I looked for a few days and read lots of reviews . The potty chairs I thought I 'd like had horrible reviews . I have a boy so I needed something is a higher guard . This has a nice high guard . He does n't have a problem sitting down on it . Its simple and easy to clean with no hidden spots for potty to hide , like a lot of the potty chairs I looked at . He likes to stand up to potty and he has no problem with that either . I have had it a couple months and still have n't found anything I do n't like about it . It even has a skid-proof bottom so it does n't slide around on slippery bathroom tiles when he 's trying to sit.If you want a simple design , easy to clean , reasonably priced potty , I would recommend this one . If you want to entice your child with their favorite character/s get some stickers . There is ample blank space to decorate it .
 This potty chair is wonderful . I went through three other potties before I found this one . I have a little boy and there are no more accidental mistakes on the floor .
 I recently purchased this potty for my 16 month old son . We are not actively training but I wanted to introduce him to it . The first night I got it , he went pee pee and boo boo in it . I screamed and clapped and sang a little song . He really likes it . He even brought it out of the bathroom and took it into the living room to watch The Wiggles while sitting in it . I like the color , and how it fits his size -LRB- He 's 27lbs and 32 inches tall -RRB- . He can sit on it and get up all by himself . Its very sturdy , it does n't wobble or tip over like some do . My son has even held onto one of the sides -LRB- while sitting on it -RRB- and leaned over to pick up one of his books and the potty did n't tip at all . One reviewer said the splashguard was a little short , but I have n't had a problem . My son tends to look down at himself while he 's going , so everything is pointing south anyway . I love that there are only 2 pieces to this chair . Very easy to clean . I had a safety 1st chair with the flip top lid and the detachable splashguard and I absolutely hated this thing . My son would pull off the splashguard and walk around the house with it . He was too concerned with the lid and turning around on the chair to pull the lid up and down instead of concentrating on trying to go potty . With the baby bjorn there are no distractions , no music , no removable pieces -LRB- except the bowl -RRB- which allows him to focus on going potty . I just really like this potty chair . I would highly recommend this chair .
 This is by far the best potty chair . I bought the BabyBjorn because I wanted something no-nonsense -LRB- no music , flushing sounds etc -RRB- . This potty chair is sturdy , has a large splash guard , and very sanitary -- only 2 pieces . It has never leaked , unlike some others I had when my older children were potty training . It must be comfortable , because my son sits on it in his clothes to read books . I would definitely recommend this potty chair . Great purchase !
 I just got this potty chair for my almost 10 month old son . Like another reviewer said , I do n't intend to potty train him now but just let him get used to sitting on a potty chair . He loves to sit on it and look at a book . It is the perfect size and shape for little ones just learning to sit on a potty . I like how my son can sort of straddle it and sit securely with the high back to support him . Other chairs seem like they would be awkward and hard for toddlers to keep their balance when getting off . Not this one-my son can stand right up without scraping himself on the splash guard . The design is great . It is easy to pick up the bowl part to empty it and then rinse it right out . My son looked really comfortable sitting on it and to my surprise he 's even pottied on it 3 times already since I got it , about 3 days ago . I highly recommend this potty chair over the other ones , even though they might look nicer and cost less .
 I bought two potties before I realized that my boy had a big bottom and most other potties have really small opening and no pee guard in the front . I broke down and bought this . This does n't have the bells and whistles like some other potty . But it 's beauty is its simplicity . he is able to sit and do his business , carry the urine/poop container to the toilet and rinse it all by himself -LRB- he was not even 2 yet ! -RRB- . I would highly recommed the potty training book `` Potty training in less than a day '' . it 's out of print but you might find an used copy on -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 I am so grateful that I found this potty for my son . It is really the perfect potty chair . It is so well designed . It is sturdy and does not tip at all , even if he leans on just one of the arms or kicks it , etc. . It has a nice high back to give him support and is the perfect height . It has a deflector that is part of the bowl , so that it is all one piece , which is very important for little boys . -LRB- Due to this design feature we have not had any problem with the pee going anywhere but in the bowl -RRB- It is also super easy to clean . Just remove the bowl , dump in the big toliet , wipe with tissue and a Lysol wipe and you are done . Simple , simple , simple . Best of all , my son actually uses this potty and is very successful with it . Once again , Baby Bjorn lives up to its reputation.We had also tried the `` Once Upon a Potty '' potty chair , but it was too hard to clean out -LRB- no removeable bowl -RRB- .
 There 's no need for buttons that play music or a ` play ' flusher that makes sounds . My son was very distracted by all the bells and whistles of another brand , that he did n't even want to try it . He absolutely loves his Baby Bjorn potty chair ! We got one in white and a stool to match . It took him one week to learn how to use it ! He 's only 19 mos . now and only uses it before and after the bath -LRB- which is a great start ! -RRB- It 's a simple design and he looks pretty comfy in it . The part you take out and clean does n't lift up when he stands up -LRB- like other chairs I 've heard of -RRB- . I just throw out the waste in the toilet , rinse it out in the sink , then wipe clean and dry with a Clorox disinfecting wipe . So easy ... buy one now !
 If you are looking for a smaller sized potty LOOK NO FURTHER ! My girls are consider very small for their ages . My 21 month old daughter -LRB- She is the one the seat is for -RRB- weights about 19lbs and wears a size 3 diaper with room to grow.this seat is PERFECT for her . she does n't fall in . I love Graco and i have the training rewards potty from my other daughter but the little one slides through the seat w / a diaper.I find it easy to clean too . She has only went # 1 once so far but that 's another story LOL.I give it a 4 only because I do n't think it would be good for older kids or babies big for their age trying to train . I 'm thinking from the looks of it , it can hold a child up to 25 lbs give or take . Nor can i say how good or bad it is for boys .
 My daughter is 181/2 months old and we just got our potty on Wed and by Friday , she had gone potty twice . I read everywhere that this potty was the best and it is . She loves to sit in it , it does not slip on the floor and is easy for her to sit down and get back up . It low enough to the ground that she can play with some toys while she waits to go potty and does n't have to get up off the potty to pick up something should it drop on the floor . The only thing she does n't like is the spill guard , but on her own , she turned the insert around -LRB- so guard is in the back and yes , does not lay perfectly flat , but works just as good -RRB- and has had no problem since -LRB- but this is why 4 stars and not 5 -RRB- . Yes , this means she ca n't sit back and use the backrest , but she leans forward when she sits on it anyways . The insert is super easy to take out and wash up . We LOVE LOVE LOVE our fabulous potty chair !!
 We are taking a soft approach with potty training our 21 month old . He likes his potty chair and can sit on it comfortably , though is n't really using it much yet . Like the chair , purchased 2 of them in different colors , good size for tall 21 month old and easy to clean . I knock off one star only because I can tell the `` splash control '' on front for a boy is n't going to be perfect , but I think that is likely to be a problem with every potty chair out there ... and no big deal since I plan to keep the potty in the bathroom only . If we do decide to take it to another room I will absolutely put something under it to protect the floors .
 Be for i bought my son his potty I did my research and I just knew this potty was perfect . When it was delivered i was happy . When my son saw it he was thrilled and took to it right away . But the good part for me is that the middle of the seat is just high enough to cover his wee wee and the potty is just short enough for him to sit on . His feet is touching the ground . Ps
 We highly recommend this potty , especially for boys . We have started potty training our 22-month-old son recently . When he was first introduced to the seat , he loved it immediately and sat on it to watch TV . This potty is very easy to clean b/c the insert is a single molded piece . No cracks & edges to trap anything . The guard works very well in preventing leaks . The high back provides good support for our son , and the high sides help him get up from the potty very easily by providing support as he pushes off the potty . Overall we are very happy with this potty . We have not tried other brand , but picked this one after reviewing customer reviews for the other brands . 1 improvement Baby Bjorn could add would be to allow locking of the insert . Our son imitates everything we do like any other kids would . B/C he knows we would take out the insert after he makes a deposit , sometime he would lift the insert up himself before we can get to it and spill on the floor.We just purchased a baby bjorn potty trainer seat , hopefully it will work out just as well !
 We have a small bathroom so I was a little worried how this would fit in there without getting in the way , but it fits great . My toddler loves to go & sit on it & at 18 months has already did 1 & 2 in it ! It 's a wonderful simple design that makes it super easy to clean . Love the green color , I think the picture displays the color accurately on my computer .
 I got this potty for both my two year old and 9 month old girls . I used the little BB potty for an older child and it worked great . I love that their feet touch the floor when they use it . It is easy to clean also . This is a good potty to use at home for the beginner . Highly recommend !
 This is a great potty . It seems very comfortable for my little guy . He 's only 9 months old , but we started potty training at 6.5 months . He loves it and stays put there . Easy to clean .
 This is the only seat we have used so I ca n't compair it to other seats , but my son is 3.5 and uses this seat just fine the splash guard works and it is easy for him to sit and aim . I like the colors as they are not obnoxious and my son loves the teddy bear . Simple like a potty seat needs to be .
 I had a great experience training my son on this potty . It helped him get comfortable with potty training and within a week he transitioned to an adult potty . I think having a comfortable place to start really helped lay the ground work for his successful training.Pros : - Sturdy -LRB- never came close to tipping over no matter how much my son bounced and played around on it -RRB- - Easily removed potty bowl -LRB- Never easy for small hands to pick up , empty and replace -RRB- - Easily cleaned -LRB- The design is simple so there are no little cracks or wholes that are hard to clean -RRB- - Comfortable design -LRB- No sharp edges to make little bodies uncomfortable -RRB- - Easy to store -LRB- Because it is small , compact and comes in only two pieces it is easy to store -RRB- - Comes in a selection of colors -LRB- My son got to pick the color , and I think that helps children warm up to the potty easier -RRB- Cons : - Maybe a little small -LRB- my son was almost 3 when we potty trained him . The seat seemed just a tad smaller than would be perfect . It was n't a problem , but that 's the only thing that could be considered a possible con for this item -RRB-
 has a larger `` drop '' opening than a convertible potty that fits onto a toilet seat and step ; better chance of your child pooping into the potty as opposed to pooping on the rear of the sitting area . However , the sitting area on the rear is also wide . If your child sits all the way back , there 's a chance he/she can poop on the seat .
 I have 2 of these for my twins . Having gone through the search of a good one with my first child , I found this and bought 2 . It 's simple to clean , you take out the wipe potty part by hooking some fingers to the front and dump the contents into the toilet . Rinse it and you 're ready to go . You can sanitize it with some clorox spray and just put it back down until the next time . It 's portable so you can have it anywhere . There is an anti slip rubber on the bottom so no worries about pottying children ending up somewhere else than where you left them.My twins are now potty trained , but I still keep one in the back of the van for emergencies . You never know if you 'll make it to the next toilet , you know ?
 This potty is the best . My daughter can fit on it easily unlike her previous potty . It 's not the most attractive potty , very simple/plain . Overall it serves it 's purpose .
 I purchase this BABYBJORN to replace another potty chair that I purchased first for my son . This one has a great shape that accommodates little boys without having to worry about `` overshooting '' or `` spills '' as my son calls it . He is very comfortable using this and I would purchase this product again in a heartbeat . It is very easy to clean and does n't have many nooks/crannies that would make cleaning difficult . This potty chair has been a great training tool !
 We bought this several months go so our now 20 month old daughter could `` get used '' to it being around . Two weeks ago she started using the potty and we 've had great success with it . The splash guard in front keeps her from sitting too far to the front . I highly recommend this seat !
 Even though it 's on the expensive side , we now always by this chair for boy baby showers ! It 's absolutely the easiest to clean chair out there , and the one that gives the boys the room they need ! Boys have a very hard time finding potty chairs that are deep enough for their parts to avoid squishing and touching the guard -LRB- yuck ! -RRB- . My son was able to dump the potty himself from about 18 months old -LRB- we did n't encourage it , it just happened -RRB- , with no spilling . The high back is great for those long waits ; my son likes to use the back and arms for leverage when going # 2 . The firmness of the chair has NEVER bothered any of the kids that have used it here.I was really worried about spending my money on it ... but it 's one of the best baby items we have every had .
 This potty is great . We use diapers and EC . Started with the baby bjorn travel potty at 7mo , but she started to outgrow this at a year . Moved that to the car . She is much more comfortable on this potty . She is 18 lbs now , but it really seemed to be more of a height thing . She was too tall for the little one , and much better with this one starting at about 28 inches . Easy to clean of course , especially with a diaper sprayer , and chlorox wipes if needed .
 How can the simplest of potty seats be the most expensive ? In this case , you must pay for the simplicity and functionality of this design . We looked at many other potty seats with music , lights , lids , and countless other useless bells and whistles . You would have to clean those things at a car wash to get in all the crevices and moving parts . This seat is stable , simple , and easy to clean - just like the one I had when I was 2 . I guess no one but Baby Bjorn thinks simple functionality is the way to go .
 I let my 24-month old son choose the color -LRB- RED ! -RRB- of his new potty chair . When it got here I let him sit on it before and after his bath and he went potty that first night ! Since then he has gone 5 nights in a row -- he loves this potty chair ! It is so easy to dump the potty in the toilet and rinse out the basin -LRB- I do it in the tub -RRB- .
 This is the BEST potty chair you can buy ! For my first daughter I tried 2 brands of potty chairs . One would leak and the other was just uncomfortable . This Baby Bjorn potty chair is comfortable and easy to clean . I loved it so much I got 2 of them . One for each level of my home . My daughter loved it so much she was trained in 24 hours ! You will NOT be disappointed with this purchase .
 I purchased this potty chair for my 2 year old daughter . It arrived today , upon opening the box and setting the potty on the floor , my daughter was so excited she sat down and went potty in it within just a few minutes . She loves it . Arrived in excelent condition and is very sturdy . My daughter has no problems getting on and off of it by herself without the risk of it tipping over . The removable bowl is great , it 's so easy to clean . She loves to just sit on it . Excelent product and I would recomend it to everyone who has a little one getting ready for the next step in becoming a big boy/girl .
 We bought this after reading the reviews on it . It 's very sturdy and easy to clean . It does n't have all the bells and whistles like other seats but I do n't think it 's necessary personally . We bought this one also because it looked like a real potty . My daughter started showing an interest in training at about 18 months but we bought two of these -LRB- one for each bathroom -RRB- probably at about 14 months . She started sitting on her potty with her clothes on and so when she began to show a real interest , the seats were there and she was already comfortable with them . We also wanted her experience to be like that of what she sees her family do . Afterall , the real toilets do n't play music . We have just provided her a good amount of books to keep her attention when she is just sitting there .
 I love the design of this chair . It 's all one piece -LRB- except the bowl -RRB- and it 's very stable . I like that there is a back for support . The removable bowl is convenient to empty and clean . I bought this for my third child , but I wish I had had it with my other two .
 We were given this potty -LRB- in blue -RRB- by a neighbor , and my son has had some great early success on it . It 's comfy , and the fact that the splash guard is a unibody construction with the removable pot is a godsend , in terms of how easy it is for my son to get on and off the chair . Within days of his first success , he was able to use this potty with no help and carry the pot in to me in the next room to show off his latest success ! However , we did n't find out how truly great it was until we tried to buy a second potty for upstairs use . We 've purchased two others . One had a splash guard so low and poorly designed that my son 's `` privates '' landed squarely on top of it every time he sat down . Another had a high splash guard , but it was soft and movable and flopped down underneath my son every time he sat down . He 's become very upset each time we try a new terrible potty and I feel awful for putting him through it . No more . We 're buying a 2nd Baby Bjorn right now and I 'd highly recommend that anyone about to embark on the potty training journey with a boy do the same . Simply the most well-designed potty chair out there .
 We just bought this seat today and I am already soooo glad that I bought this one and not one of the other cheaper models I was looking at . The other models may have been cheaper but they were much more complicated , having three seperate parts to make keeping it clean quite a challenge . The BabyBjorn has only two pieces and the whole thing is a nice , shiney clean looking white . My daughter is comfortable when sitting on it and she gets on and off of it with no danger of tipping . I am so pleased with this chair . And if you are like I was and having a hard time spending $ 22.00 on a potty chair when there is another available for $ 12.99 , give yourself some perspective
 This is a great potty . Comfortable and safe for the child , easy to clean . Buy it.I would like to refute those those who say it 's not for boys , because this is an excellent potty for boys and for girls.The complainers are unrealistic in teaching a boy to stand to pee in a POTTY . OF course it made a huge mess !! Too low , wrong shape and size of container , etc. . Teach your boy to stand to pee in the TOILET . I ca n't imagine letting my sons stand and pee into a potty . That 's just rediculous . My sons have never even tried to pee standing at the potty . Makes no sense.All the little boys I know learned to `` go potty '' peeing and pooping sitting down on a potty . Then later they transition to sitting on the toilet sometimes , -LRB- body size makes the difference here -RRB- and at some point starting to stand to pee at the toilet as they have seen Daddy or big brother do.I started training just under 2 years . After they were fully trained -LRB- it takes a few weeks/months -RRB- my sons used both the potty and the toilet , whichever they felt more comfortable with . By age 4 , they used the toilet exclusively . just FYI .
 My son is only beginning to potty train , but he instantly felt comfortable with this seat . I had purchased a construction truck potty for him because he likes that sort of thing , and he thought it was neat , but he hated to sit on that potty . I failed to realize how important comfort and feeling secure are in the potty training process . He was successful the first time he sat on this potty and tried to pee ! Great product !
 This potty chair is wonderful ! It is very comfortable for my son and easy to clean ! He absolutely loves it !
 This is exactly what I expected . This chair is a good height for our daughter . The molded chair does n't have any seams , which makes it very easy to keep clean .
 I just have to say that this potty chair is wonderful , especially for boys . No more accidental `` spraying '' when sitting on this chair . The splash guard is nice and high , and it does n't have any sharp edges that might injure little boy parts . Also the way the potty chair is designed requires them to sit with their legs spread a little bit which helps to get things pointing down.Also another bonus is the one piece bowl that lifts easily out for cleaning . No more lids to lift or bowls to slide out that always leave drips .
 This potty is stable even on slick surfaces due to the rubber rim on the bottom . It is SO nice to be able to simply lift the bowl out to clean . We use this with our daughters ages -LRB- almost -RRB- 2 and -LRB- almost -RRB- 3 . They both love it and often race to see who gets to use it first ! The backrest and roomy feel seem like a great design , and my kids must agree , as I have never noticed them to care much about other potties . The colors are great too ! I like the splash guard as it helps the girls to sit in a more natural position to go potty -LRB- legs apart -RRB- . Also , being solid plastic is a plus for me as our last seat had the `` soft-seat '' style top and would literally absorb urine . This seat will ensure you a clean , odor-free potty for your little one . I love it !
 We love this chair ! Our daughter is sixteen months , she is not totally potty trained yet , but getting there and she is very comfortable on the chair . It is easy to clean and very stable . I agree with some of the other reviews that I have read that a potty chair should n't be a toy that plays songs or lights up ... it should be what it is , a potty . Also , we got the chair in white , which is the color of our toilet and I think that helps also ... when we first gave it to our daughter she immediately knew exactly what it was .
 This seat is stable , easy to clean , and a good size . My kids both like it . The front part comes up just far enough to keep them from peeing out of the potty seat , but not so far that it gets in the way when they are trying to sit down .
 Love this potty chair ! After potty training with it , I purchased a second one for a second bathroom . I have only potty trained girls and can not attest if it works for boys as well . It 's smooth , easy to clean and easy to dump the pee and poop . The whole potty does n't get messy in the process .
 This potty is very good , for sitting . But now that my son likes to stand and go ... Well let 's just say his aim is less than perfect . If he hits the back of the seat , or anywhere other than a direct hit , it rolls straight down and under the rim of the removable bowl . I 'm constantly cleaning up the floor and pretty much the entire chair.So if you 've got a stander , maybe not the best bowl.Thanks for reading !
 I LOVE that this is `` healthy '' materials - HATE that it sticks to my sons bottoms when he stands and in 2 cases pee everywhere -LRB- one other case POOP EVERYWHERE ! -RRB- I will keep the 3 that I purchased for him , but I did purchase one wood potty that I like much better too.Just trying to keep healthy the best we can . I guess nothing is perfect ...
 we used this for a short time and eventually it just collected dust . there 's options out there that are n't as clunky if your taking it to go .
 My 23 months went potty on this by himself.I could n't be happier with this product.Works well for me .
 We have started using this with my son who is 6.5 months old and it 's a great size for him with room to grow .
 This potty is very nice . I bought this because of the sleek look , high back . It will work fine . My daughter turns 2 yrs old soon , I will then try her on it if she is ready .
 After purchasing 4 other potty chairs with different bells and whistles it seemed that the hole was rather small on alot of the potty chairs . My child is of average size so I could n't understand why . I noticed them using this potty chair at the daycare and was immediately on a mission to find it . I have the yellow one and it is perfect . Just the right height , just the right size hole . Best of all super easy to clean b/c it only has 2 pieces to it ! I want to buy another to put in the spare bathroom .
 This chair is so easy to use and comfortable for my tall two year old son . It was hard to find a potty that is tall enough for him , so he did n't feel like he was sitting on the floor . The base is really wide and I have no fear of it slipping or tipping over . It was a little more on the pricey side , but the quality is worth it .
 This is well-designed and comfortable to use . The seating area is seamless and the removable pot is large enough that my toddler can place himself on it and be `` ready to go '' with no help -LRB- unlike other potty seats where it was difficult to place himself correctly over the tiny pot -RRB- . There are only two pieces , the seat itself and the removable pot . Easy to use , easy to clean . If only there was a lid , I 'd give it 5 stars . Great chair !
 This IS a great potty . Easy to clean and simple in design , HOWEVER , if your son has learned to stand up to pee , then be prepared for messes and spills over the bowl and under the bowl to clean up . Of course , we are teaching him to aim in the bottom of the bowl , but in the meantime , we continue to clean up under the bowl because he aims toward the backside of the potty , which then leaks underneath the top piece and onto the floor.I still give it 4 stars because of the simple design , and I love that you just lift the top part and clean/empty it . I would 've gotten their one piece smaller potty , however , my son is 21/2 and a big boy , so I was n't sure if he would fit on the seat .
 My son is 1 year 8 months . We recently tried to start introducing him to this potty , and the very first time he sat on it , he peed ! Granted , we have to keep an eye on him when he is around it -LRB- apparently the bucket part makes a good hat . -RRB- But it is really encouraging for both my husband and myself to see that he not only likes , but will use this potty . The babybjorn potty is a Great Buy , not to mention I received it very quickly .
 Great potty . We had the BabyBjorn Little potty and loved that , but our daughter was getting a little tall for that one . This one is a good height for her -LRB- small , 21 months -RRB- and is so easy to clean . Our daughter took to it well , and puts her `` FooFoo '' dog on the little potty while she uses this bigger one .
 Our son loves to read while sitting on this potty , and it 's quite stylish too !
 i really like the simplicity of this chair , with potty training my first , i tried all the chairs with buttons , noises , etc. which did n't really appeal much to my toddler after the first couple of times . they were harder to clean because of all the little pieces and were uncomfortable and left marks on him . this is much easier to clean , keep clean , and very comfortable for the little ones to sit on . i gave it 4 stars because i havent started potty training my second yet , other moms who recommended it to me , say they love it .
 We bought this potty when my daughter started showing interest in the potty at about 18 months . The only possible drawback here ws that I chose the potty for her and there 's `` no frill '' , whereas I know there are other potties that sing or whatever when the child uses it . That said , we loved this potty . It is very sturdy - it 's not cheap , flimsy plastic , so it 's very solid . It has rubber grips on the bottom so it does n't slide all over the floor -LRB- in fact , my daugther had a hard time moving it when she tried to ! -RRB- . The bowl itself was very easy to keep clean and I never felt like it was dirty or grungy . Because it is made of smooth plastic , we just emptied the weewee and poopoo easily into the big toilet , ran water from the sink and bathtub into it and emptied that into the potty as well and flushed . Finally , the part that sticks up at the front was very usefull since sometimes when our daughter would sit , she would really have to go and the pee would come out quickly and forcefully . Now that she uses the `` big potty '' that usually means it shoots out of the front but on the little potty , that piece kept it from doing so.So , this is a great purchase - we will be using it again when our baby boy is ready to do so ...
 I purchased this product beacuse of the fabulous reviews it had with other Amazon customers . We started early with our 14 month old . She is n't distracted by unecesssary toys attached to the seat and enjoys the comfort of sitting down in it . The bowl comes out for easy cleaning and the seat has fabulous grips on the bottom to prevent sliding . I would purchase this product again over anything else on the market .
 Bought this in blue because I have 2 baby/toddler grandsons and figured for the excellent price , it might be nice . It appears comfortable , tall enough-I was afraid it would be too short but it is not . It is easy to assemble-two pieces !! - and easy to clean . Some potty chairs do not have a contoured area in the front to accomodate little boys when they are sitting , but this does thanks to the design . Now if I could just get more consistency of use by the 2 yr old !! : -RRB-
 I bought this for my daughter so I could start potty training her . This is a great chair and I would recommend it for anyone looking for pottychairs
 It is a very sturdy , and easy to clean potty chair . Not alot of parts , cracks and crevasses to clean . Easy to wipe down and keep clean .
 Love this potty seat ! My son showed zero interest in being potty trained but as soon as he saw this he dragged it out of the bathroom by himself and said pee-pee mama ?! He 's been using it every day since for the next 3 weeks . Good stability , easy to clean , has traction on bottom for hardwood & tile floors , good price point and comfortable for my 2 yr old to sit on . He 'll sit there for an hour or longer if he could and does n't want to get up I actually have to fight him to get off it and he NEVER sits still . Great seat . I deff . recommend it .
 We started out with theSafety 1st 1-2-3 Teach Me Training System in Whitethat was given to us from a friend . Well my son could n't even sit on it without screaming bloody murder ! It was pretty crazy , actually . . He was about 10-11 months at the time , and the only thing I could figure was that either the hole was too big and hurt his bottom , it was too tall to sit on it correctly -LSB- he 's usually in the 10-20ish % for height -RSB- OR he just could n't balance his weight because of it . I heard several recommendations for the baby bjorn from other moms . I was able to find them at Target and Babies R Us to see them in real life , as well as a similar version by baby bjorn that was maybe 2cm shorter but had no ` back ' to it.We received the larger version off his Amazon wish list for Christmas , by this time he was 13 months but size had n't changed much . We tried sitting him on it several times right after opening and we had no issues AT ALL . He had no problem sitting and keeping his balance . He could also stand up easier by putting both hands on each side of the backrest , much better than the other potty we had . I will update more when potty training is in full swing and it gets more frequent use . But so far so good .
 I like it but like the Smart potty by BabyBjorn better . Its smaller and more easily stored away . Other than that this one is easy to use as well , inside comes out and outside easy to clean as well . it 's just so big and my son seems to prefer the smart potty as well .
 This is the cleanest , simplest and most efficient training potty out there . It does n't have silly bells and whistles , but rather gets the job done well and fits my son comfortably . It 's super easy to empty/clean and does n't distract from my clean decor at home .
 This is the most sturdy potty chair I have ever seen . I highly recommended it . The high back is perfect for long and comfortable encouraging sits . The variety of colors to choose from is excellent . I got this for my 1-1/2 year old grand-daughter . Parents have already introduced it to her and she had a good response . More on the progress later!Great buy folks !!
 This works better then any chair I tried for my 18 month old son -LRB- 3 total -RRB- . The seat is long enought to fit his butt , and the cup is tall enough to stop the mess , the back keeps him from falling off the back , the rubber keeps the whole thing in place , simple clean up . However , I wish it also closed to a stool , my daughters did and she is 6 now . We still use it as a stool in the bathroom . It just seems that it would be nice if it grew with the kid .
 sturdy , baby loved it , easy to clean . used it for a short time since potty training was rather quick .
 It 's silly how much though effort and research went into our purchase of a potty chair for my daughter , nonetheless it paid off . Is she trained yet ? No . But , that does n't make this any less of a good purchase . We have the full size Baby Bjorn chair in the bathroom and this is our travel option . My daughter likes this chair , however it is n't comfortable to sit on for long periods of time . It 's one piece construction makes it easy to clean and prevents the child from getting it on them too . Baby Bjorn has done it again !
 These potty chairs are used in the toddler rooms of our preschool . Very nice colorful chairs . The children really like them .
 I am very happy with this potty . It has a high guard which works well for a little boy .
 This potty is simple and very easy to clean with only two pieces . It is also more stable than others we used . We like it .
 i love this simply designed , sturdy potty . my son loves it which is most important . he has no trouble sitting down on it ; no pinching , no crampedness , no tipping over . the well sized arm rests help him up & down & the splash gaurd is high enough to prevent him peeing all over ! having only 2 pieces & no crevices or anywhere for stuff to get trapped it is so incredibly easy to clean . the first few days we had it my son thought it was so comfy that he would bring into the living room to sit on & read books ! great product , great price . i am now planning on getting another one to leave at my mother 's .
 We initially bought a potty chair from a local store . Each and every time my son used it I had to take it apart and clean every crack and crevice . I read the reviews on this potty and am I glad !! We ordered it from Amazon and the day it arrived my husband called me to tell me it was the best purchase we had ever made !! It 's simple two piece design make it a breeze to keep clean . With the first potty my son would end up going everywhere because the splashguard was not high enough . This potty chair is almost oblong in shape and it keeps everything where it should be . It it large enough for my avearage size 21/2 year old boy . This is worth every penny we spent on it .
 Purchased this potty for my 2 year old daughter . She enjoyed just sitting on it . It 's comfortable and fits her just right . She 'll even sit and read while she goes . Love the pull out bowl feature . Great for dumping and cleaning in a jiffy . My daughter even feels proud because she can help dump it . Easy to use . No buttons , no whistles , no ways for it to fall apart . Thrilled we picked a terrific potty the first time.We 're getting a second one in a different color for her bedroom upstairs since she 's starting to use it more often.Highly recommended .
 This potty chair is wonderful . It has a nice , easy to clean design that blends well with any bathroom . It 's a good size too . I also like the fact that it does n't slide around . It has rubber on the bottum that grips any type of floor . I would recommend this item .
 I have had wonderful luck with this potty seat . I got it for my son at 20 months when he showed interest in the potty , not expecting him to actually use it for some time to come . As soon as we got it out of the box he was so excited to have his very own potty , especially one that looks so much like Mommy and Daddy 's -LRB- we got the white one -RRB- . He went potty the first time he sat on it and has been enthusiastic about going ever since . I love it because the base is wide and sturdy , there are no bells and whistles to distract the child , and clean-up is wonderfully easy . Wash the bowl out , and there are n't really nooks and crannies that you have to worry about getting dirty and cleaning . All in all , a wonderful product . My son and I both love it .
 I bought both the little potty and the bigger bjorn potty simultaneously for my 10 month old son about 3 months ago . We had started doing EC as it was pretty obvious when he had to go . Anyway I think the little potty is a nice size and great for travel but much prefer the bigger potty at home as it has anti-slip stuff on the bottom of it an the back frame it a little more supportive . Given his constant movement at this age it is a big help on my tile and wood floors having that extra grip .
 This is great . My 11 month old girl loves it . She does not want to get up until she does something . Easy to clean . It would be even better if it was little bigger .
 This is the best potty chair design i have ever seen.This is the simplest one to use.It is only two parts and makes cleanup a breeze !
 This has worked great for our tall average weight 20 month old girl . She can easily sit on it herself . The pull out bowl and simple lines make it very easy to clean . Sculpted handle in back allows easy carry to other parts of the house if needed . Very stable .
 It took some searching but finally I found a potty that did n't sing or dance or have a mini toilet roll holder , and that was large enough to be comfortable for a nearly 3 year old boy . This potty is perfect and simple - does n't slip , does n't topple , has a slightly elongated shape which is great for the older toddler , is easy to clean and thank goodness - does n't sing !
 We started out with the BabyBjorn Jr. and advanced to this one . These are the best potty chairs made . The kids feel really comfortable sitting in them and they feel safe since their feet can touch the floor and it is very stable . At 9 months my 2nd granddaughter is already using the Jr. version and my 2 and 1/2 year old potty trained at a year and has just now switched to the regular size model .
 Baby Bjorn Potty Chair - GreenI went through two pottys for my son before i came across this one . it fits him perfect , and he just loves it . would recommend it to everyone .
 We used this potty chair for both of our daughters , who potty trained at about 2.5 years old . Its simple design is absolutely ideal for use and cleaning . It 's comfortable for toddlers to sit in , as well as easy for them to lift out the bowl and empty into the toilet themselves . The splash guard molded as part of the bowl is excellent , providing protection as well as not being an impediment to the child sitting down . -LRB- I ca n't speak for how much protection it offers for little boys , however . -RRB- The smooth plastic without any real corners or edges makes cleaning effortless . Plus , the rubber bottom really does keep the seat from slipping across the floor . Plus , as an added bonus , it resembles the potty seat depicted in the `` Once Upon A Potty '' video , so the kids can easily connect the concept to real life . I highly recommend it , and ca n't imagine using any other seat !
 I love this potty chair . My son is very tall for his age and was too small for the other chairs . When he would sit on them his little hoo-ha would hang over the edge and he would end up peeing all over the floor . This potty is such a great chair . The oval shape allows plenty of room for boy 's parts . He can even swirm around on the chair and I do n't have to worry about pee on the floor . It 's great .
 I bought this potty seat for my second child . It is the perfect size and it is easy to clean . Nothing fancy which is perfect . I really like the no skid surface which prevents the seat from sliding around on the floor .
 How can anyone not say that this is the perfect product unless you do n't like the scent ? It 's lotion , it 's light and it works for me and my babies . You could pay $ 40 for a bottle of -LRB- name your brand name lotion -RRB- for your face but this works just as well .
 I started using this lotion after working out because it smelled good and was the only lotion that did not feel greasy . I am now hooked . I have a bottle at home , at work , and in my bag . My skin is always soft and I get lots of compliments on how I smell .
 This lotion still remains a great product after all these years . Same great smell with Amazon 's great low price in bulk is a no brainer . Great moisturizer for the skin with a great smell .
 Before I had babies , I never really knew how babies got that clean and baby-ish smell ... . but 6 years ago when I had my first son , I realized that they get that wonderful soft smell from this pink bottle ! haha It quickly became a favorite of our family , and I hardly ever leave the house without putting it all over my little baby boy , and now baby girl . I just love it when people smell her little head and say how good she smells - little do they know that it 's thanks to this pink bottle ! Not sticky , and blends into the skin easily , this is the best baby lotion ever made ! Not expensive , and definitely a necessity when it comes to babies . Heck , I 've even used it a time or two myself when I 'm in a hurry and needing some moisturizer quickly . Now when I attend baby showers , I like to include things I enjoy or things I have to have myself for a baby ... this is now on the top of the list of items to give ! It 's a definite must if you 're having a baby !
 This is the best baby lotion ! At first I thought that a 6pk would have been excessive but it 's ideal for me since I 've left 1 with the babysitter and 1 each with the grandma 's .
 i found it cheaper at the time to order it online since i was already ordering other things . it works just like any other desitin .
 Erica Asahan wrote : I just received my shipment a moment ago . I love this product . I have been using Johnson 's Baby lotion since birth and Iam very glad that I found this product at really great deal here at Amazon . I guess I will have to start shopping for everthing on here .
 I 'm a dude and this lotion is my guilty pleasure . The smell immediately takes me back to my childhood and makes me think of my dear mother . I find it absorbs quickly but do n't use too much as the scent can get a bit overpowering and for god 's sake if you have B.O. DO N'T slather yourself in this . Take a shower and then use it , as I have smelled that terrible mix of B.O. and Baby lotion on people before and it makes me want to throw up .
 great product its just lotion.and keeps my skin feeling fresh and non-dry . i would recommend this product to any parent
 i got this because we was using the little bottles that friends give us , boy this save me alot trouble , i was happy that i got 2 packs for the price of one , this retailer know how to make us happy , and my son loves it because he smiles and falls a sleep every time we put it on him
 Got to me in great time and it works great . Moisturizes my baby very well ! I even use it sometimes lol .
 Great moiste . Great smell . love it ! Been using this cream since I was a little girl , and now I am a mother and we all use it . . never dissapointing !
 I usually get mine from the local drug/dollar store.Classic pink color and smell . It has n't changed much.It dose n't irritate my sensitive skin.Good for dealing with `` ashyness '' on knees and elbows .
 You ca n't get a better lotion -LRB- not that I even know what would be better for basic lotion -RRB- for this price . Period .
 This lotion is nice and light and non-greasy . And ofcourse it just makes the baby smell so fresh .
 I have used Johnson 's baby lotion off and on for years . My mom used this on me when I was a baby and I have continued ever since . It leaves my skin feeling lightly moisturized without that sticky , greasy feeling you can get from other lotions . And believe me I have used TONS of lotions and usually end up throwing 1/2 the bottle out . Not my Johnson 's ! I also love the powder fresh smell and the retro pink bottle . Next to my Palmer 's cocoa butter lotion I use for nights when I want more of a deep moisturizer , this is the best !
 This has been around for as long as I can remember and it has n't changed . Quality was the same as I remember . Thick and full of moisture with that distinctive aroma . I used it on my baby and I will use it on my grandbaby .
 Amazon had this at a great price and it made an even better deal using the Suscribe and Save . This is the only lotion that my husband will use . He swears by it . This is a very good lotion and it smells so good . It combats his dry skin and it does n't irritate .
 i have exzema i like the smell after the shower it soaks in
 Do you find that every time you go to buy body lotion , your favorite brand has changed something ? Johnson 's baby lotion is the same great , light , dependable all day body lotion .
 i thought i would try the baby lotion since about all the others i have tried leave my skin feeling tacky and oily . this product was a good buy and seems to be working . leaving my skin soft and seems to be taking care of the dy areas -LRB- knees and elbows -RRB- i love thanks barbarag
 I 'm an adult now and I 've been using Johnson 's baby lotion literally every since I was a baby . I use it to moisturize my hands and body when I 'm out of the shower , and I use it to moisturize my face before I go to sleep . I find it works just as great as all those other facial moisturizers but at a much cheaper price .
 We bought this for our grandson , one for his home and one for ours in hopes of getting him to want to go on the toilet and rid him of his diapers . He is now just over 2 and no luck so far but we like the seat and we are sure he will some day soon .
 After looking into a number of Potty seats , I chose this one . I am very satisfied with this product ! My son is easily able to put it on and take it off by himself . It is snug and secure . No complaints . I have one for each bathroom now !
 I saw some other reviews saying that they had issues with some other slow closing seats . Our son has n't used this yet , but I wanted to say that this fits our toilet seat PERFECTLY - it 's VERY stable !!! Our seat and toilet have an elongated shape - not round .
 this is a great secure little seat for my 8 month old - started at 5 months.easy to clean , easy on and off .
 We used this seat to train our daughter & she LOVED using the big potty just like mommy . It easily fit the elongated bowls that the house we use to live in had . We have since moved & it wo n't fit the kid 's bathroom bowl that we currently have , so I will have to buy something else to potty train my son . The -LRB- new -RRB- lid has a very curvy shape & a safety lid that wo n't slam shut and this potty seat wo n't even go down into it , even at the smallest adjustment . It does fit a standard size bowl fine so we may still use it in another bathroom . Otherwise , I would have given this seat five stars . The only drawback I noticed the last time we used it is the adjustment -LRB- to fit it to your toilet seat -RRB- tends to move and I would have to retighten it every few days to keep the seat stable . Another excellent product from Baby Bjorn .
 First , please no videos of this product in use.attaches secruely to toilet . It 's got the pee blocker for boys that 'll come in handy for our second . I gave it four stars as it does n't actaully do the potty training ...
 BabyCatalog.com has this white with black `` trim '' color combination for sale -LRB- $ cheaper ! -RRB- - which I purchased for my baby boy . We are bypassing the usual potty and just using this trainer.Even though Jason is barely almost 3-months old , we have introduced the trainer to him . We place him on the trainer and support him while he sits on it to poop straight into the toilet , once a day . It can get tiring if you squat in front of the porcelain bowl to support your baby , so get the step stool at the same time for you to sit on it now and face the baby.Your baby will enjoy looking at you front and center . The splash guard on the front is great - you wo n't get pee 'd by your baby boy . And it also serves as a privacy guard.We put a regular suction hook on the side of the toilet tank and it holds the Baby Bjorn trainer well . My mom toilet-trained my older sister and I before we were 1 year old by a similar style trainer -LRB- Baby Bjorn was n't around in the late 1960-70s . -RRB- My mom also potty-trained my sister 's three sons by the time they were 1 using just the trainer and no actual potty `` bucket '' . My sister purchased an extra trainer to take along trips and to use in public restrooms.You will use this trainer for as long as your child 's bottom is much smaller than the regular toilet seat . So it is truly worth the $ price tag and hence my 5-stars .
 After trying multiple seats , padded ; with handles ; with characters , we landed on the BabyBjorn seat . First of all , it caters to my daughter 's want to be independent . By securing into the toilet seat , I do n't worry about her climbing up with her stepstool , and sitting down on the potty . She gets on and off without issue . It is also light enough for her to articulate on and off of the toilet after she cleans it -LRB- she 's 2 for reference -RRB- . We bought two for the house , and another for daycare . I highly recommend this seat .
 I ordered this potty seat for my 22 month old daughter because she was using the baby bjorn potty chair for a while but refused to use a public bathroom . I had got one of the little character seats from wal-mart figuring it was the same thing but no go , it never seemed to fit on toilets right and wobbled scaring my daughter . I finally broke down and spent the extra money on this seat and it was worth every penny . I just put the entire seat in my bag and she has never refused to use a bathroom since . We have used it in more public bathrooms then i can count and since it is adjustable I have never had a problem getting it to fit on a toilet seat . This seat took away all my stress of taking our daughter out for long trips and made toilet training a breeze . I ordered the matching pink step stool and she loves using the set at home too .
 After trying a couple of other seats , I broke down and bought this one . My son does very well with this seat . He can put the seat on and put himself onto the toilet . The most important part ... the splash gaurd it adequate . I love the fact there is very little to clean up afterward . Before this seat I had to clean up every time . Urine seeped onto our seat and it was nasty . I never purchased a Baby Bjorn product . I always thought they were a little pricey , and I tend to be more practical . I am glad I got this seat . Could not be happier .
 Fantastic product . Fits elongated toilet seats . Completely adjustible and does not slide around under child for a secure fit . Worth every penny !
 The one and only , that works for boys.Wish bought it earlier , before getting frustrated with Fisher Price roal potty -LRB- leaks everywhere -RRB- , cushie toilet seat -LRB- same here -RRB- etc.Worth to mention , that Amazon has sale days on this seat and I got mine for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- only -LRB- free shipping included -RRB- .
 Great so far ... my 2yr old -LRB- well 2 and 3months -RRB- has been using his step stool to get on the toilet as well as just holding the door handle and hiking himself up and over . This seat is great for boys as when they are this little standing up to pee can be a mess , because usually the urine does not even reach within the toilet bowl . The little cup in front allows them to see and watch and still ensure all his ` business ' is making it into the toilet ! The only reason I did n't give it 5stars is because the little latch that tightens so that it clasps to the seat does n't seem to fit our toilet seat ... so it 's very easily moved or removed at this point . But , it has n't hindered his safety or interest ... it 's just frustrating knowing it 's not secure . Otherwise we just bought it with thoughts of potty training in a few months when our son is a bit older , but he 's already excited and using it while at home . I prefer the attachable seat vs the mini toilet chairs because this gets them familiar and trained using the real toilet . Quality is great , and have always been satisfied with BabyBjorn products .
 This potty seat is exactly as advertised ... my granddaughter is 21/2 and we go potty everywhere !! So far it has fit on every seat we 've needed it too . It is very well made and easy to use and clean .
 because we absolutely love it ! We tried many seats with our oldest son -LRB- 3 -RRB- and this is his favorite , hands down ! We have one upstairs and one downstairs and I am purchasing this one to send to his preschool . It is so easy to use and clean . He can put the seat on and take it off by himself . I can not recommend this seat highly enough !
 Easy to install , remove , and clean . My 2-year-old daughter took to it right away . She also has the Baby Bjorn potty chair , and this appears more comfortable -LRB- although she uses both interchangeably -RRB- . Recommended .
 We have used this for our son for 2 years now and all we had to do was to tell him to point his `` pee pee '' down and he does it each time he uses it , now just to go `` poo poo '' though.It is easy for him to be able to pick up and put onto the toilet himself because of the handle as well . We bought the stool with it when we purchased this .
 Having our grandson move closer meant I needed to purchase some necessary equipment - and a potty seat is definitely necessary . However , the toilets in our home have elongated seats and many of the potty seats I looked at were made for standard toilet seats . After reading numerous Amazon reviews , I decided to purchase the BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer and am very pleased with my choice.The BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer sits on the seat and is then secured by turning a wheel at the back of the seat . This moves two `` wings '' so that the seat attaches securely to the toilet seat , even if it is an elongated seat . After securing the seat , I tried to wiggle the BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer from side-to-side as might happen with a rambunctious toddler . The seat held firmly in place.The splash guard at the front of the seat is sufficiently high to prevent accidental oversprays . Further , it is curved so that liquids do not hit it and splash out the sides ; they flow down into the toilet as they should . The solid piece construction of the main seat prevents waste products from becoming trapped in grooves or joints and minimizes the possibility of odor.Further , the seat rinses off easily and can then be hung , by the large attached loop , to dripdry . I hung a light S-shaped hook over the towelbar on the back wall of the bathtub and use it to hold the BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer after it has been rinsed.If you are looking for a quality potty seat which will fit both standard and elongated toilet seats , you should definitely consider the BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer . It is a five-star necessity !
 A perfect fit ... we have elongated toilets , and this seat worked well . The splash guard was the only one that actually worked . Super easy to clean , thanks to its ingenious design.The `` character '' potty seats were tempting , so we used a neighbor 's ... . my son was encouraged by the design , but they were n't sturdy , impossible to clean -LRB- disgusting dried pee collected in between the foam and the plastic rim -RRB- , and when he got pinched by the splash guard , I had had enough.Bought this . Then bought another . Worth the money .
 I got this for my 3-year-old son who is potty training . I wanted a potty seat he could get on and off of easily as well as be comfortable and keep the pee from splattering everywhere . This one fits the bill perfectly . He 's not scared to use it and he fits on it very well . The splash guard seems to do its job as long my son keeps his aim in the toilet ! I would recommend this seat to other mothers of little boys and girls . It 's been worth the money spent on it !
 having gone through several -LRB- cheaper -RRB- seats - and tons of clorox wipes cleaning up the dribbles off the toilet and floor - I read reviews and tried this one for my twins . the adjustable mechanism makes all the difference in the world - as long as its adjusted snugly on the toilet , no leaks , dribbles , messes ! i bought one for each toilet that they use and it 's worth the $ , no question !
 This is not offensive to look at , it stays put on the toilet and the splashguard works beautifully . Its very easy to clean because it 's all one piece and my son feels very comfortable sitting on this one without pinching his thighs or feeling like he may tip to the side .
 This potty seat is simple , comfortable and easy to use . I have only found one toilet that it did not fit on . Only potty seat we 'll use for our kids . We love it ! Seat is made in Sweden .
 Our 22 month old son loves seating on his new BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer seat ! It fits perfectly in our elongated toilets , and it wo n't slide at all ! We are now going to start potty training , and I think we wo n't have any problems trying to accomplish that . You wo n't regret it !
 My very little daughter potty trained at 16.5 months when she was only 19 lbs . I was a little concerned that this seat would still be too big to hold her safely , but she has no issues with it . Additionally , it fit onto our toilet perfectly -LRB- a Western style toilet in China -RRB- and is very secure . No slipping at all!We had been using a little potty seat initially , but the cleanup of that is tiring , and the concept a little disturbing , so we brought this back to China after a trip back to the States . I was n't sure how my daughter would transition to it since she did like her little potty seat , but she LOVES feeling like a big girl using the big potty . She also likes that she can now reach the toilet paper herself after she is finished going.This is a great concept and a durable product .
 I just bought this and I have to say this is the only potty seat that fits my toilet seat . My toilet seat is elongated and curved . I 've read many reviews which says that it does n't fit unless your toilet seat is completely flat . The rubber edge keeps the seat firmly in place without slipping . However the paddles on either side does n't really do anything since my toilet seat is curved I just make sure they are out of the way .
 We love this toilet seat because
 This is a nice seat but the adjustable part in the back does n't really work for our toilet . It 's ok though since it stays on the toilet nicely and does n't move around . Works great for our little boy
 We have been using this seat for about 1 year now and have bought multiples for convenience and for our vacation home . This potty seat sits firmly on a variety of toilets seats keeping our son from wobbling around or falling when he tries to get off the potty . It has no sharp edges or places for his hands or fingers to get stuck . The center front is molded to have a cup like piece that helps greatly to keep him from peeing all over -LRB- since he must pee sitting down until he is tall enough to stand -RRB- I do wipe the from cup part down after he uses it but I found any mess to be minimal and definitely easy compared to cleaning out a floor sitting potty seat . We had one of those but retired it because it was so awful to clean !
 We got this for our 2.5 yr old who is potty training . I was concerned that it would n't sit well in the toilet seat , but it does . It secures tightly and is a perfect fit for her little behind . ; - -RRB-
 Using it with my 2 year old . Only toilet trainer that works !!!! Highly recommend to anyone who has a boy
 very pleased with this product it is well constructed . Have n't used it yet but it is ready for our grandsons when they come over .
 Not much to say . They are easy to install , comfortable for the kids , and easy to remove when not in use . There is a wheel that can tighten the unit to the toilet seat if you have a dedicated kid bathroom . We do n't . And without tightening the seats stay firmly in place . When not in use , you can place a hook on your wall and hang it.Strongly recommend . Had them for 2 + years and still going strong .
 We researched lots of seats for our elongated toilet . Not only does this fit securely but my daughter can put it on be herself . We also like the loop to hang it and that it 's easy to wash !
 Started with a BABYBJORN Smart Potty and then upgraded to this when the kid was a little over 2 . Wanted to associate the toilet itself with going to the bathroom.There is a know that you can turn to adjust a bracket on the bottom so it will secure itself to the toilet -LRB- wo n't shift laterally but you can still pull it up off the toilet -RRB- which is reassuring so you know your kid wo n't magically fall into the toilet if this trainer is off-center . It works great . Just put the kid on the toilet and wait . YMMV if your kid actually goes to the bathroom but I do n't think that 's any fault of this product . It works as any toilet seat should , just for your toddler .
 This product really does fit ALL toilets . We used it on the road at a hotel , and it fit on the hotel 's elongated toilet . I highly recommend it .
 Before we bought this potty seat , my 2 year old son wouldnt sit on the toilet alone , he always held my hands or had me hold him under his arms so he wouldnt fall in . We got this and he gets it out and puts it on the toilet and goes by himself . The splash gaurd could be a little higher but i taught my little boy to point his `` peepee '' down so it wouldnt get all over . I love this potty chair because it gives him confidence to use the toilet alone!I would buy for all bathrooms !
 Excellent potty seat . LOVE that it 's adjustable and solid . It does not slide around like other seats and is contoured just right for little tushies . I bought 2 other cheaper seats but neither fit our toilet seat very well and were uncomfortable for my son . I wish I would have spent a little more and bought this one first ! Highly recommend !
 This is a great little seat that prevents little bottoms from ending up in the toilet . My son loves his , I will probably get another one for upstairs so I do n't have to keep bringing it up and down with him . It pops in and out so easily that I just put it on when he is ready to go and store it next to the toilet when he is n't - can can put it on himself . It also holds still when in use , it ca n't fall off the toilet with a kid sitting on it .
 Unlike many seats that are made up of multiple pieces of plastic/foam that are connected , this is one single piece of plastic which means there are no cracks or nooks that pee can get trapped in -LRB- especially for boys -RRB- . Also , it 's easy to adjust and the handle allows you to put it on the wall if you buy an adhesive hook .
 We have a tall toilet with a long seat and I was worried this would n't fit . Somehow I missed in all the reviews and description that it has a WHEEL on the underside that you can adjust to fit ANY toilet . As a result , it fits our toilet perfect.My daughter started using this at 14 months old and has never had any issue falling through . We tried a few other cheaper toilet seats and they slid around and scared her . You have to be careful because this can scare a kid off for a good while . Also , the other ones left marks on her bottom and I had to hold her to keep her from falling through.You will love this !
 I love the dial on the back that makes it really secure on any shape seat . It does n't shift side to side and feels like an extension of the real toilet seat because of how secure it stays in place . If you 've ever had a kid fall into the toilet you know important that feature is !
 This lid is great for my petite 3 year old to use . It adjusts to fit most toilet lids - does not fit well on grandma 's already contoured seat . This is a hard , but perfectly contoured seat for a little bottom . We have the cushioned one , with little ducks which is nice , but this is really a step up . It has the nice guard in front to help minimize over shoot . I really liked this one enough to purchase a second for trips to grandma 's . It is strong , sturdy , easy to clean . It comes in other colors , but I only have white . It is great how it adjusts to fit snugly with my lid underneath . Since my daughter is petite she has a hard time getting high enough to just sit - she has to `` shimmy '' and this snug lid is very safe for her to shimmy onto with out moving . Worth the extra money .
 I LOVE this toilet seat . My daughter had been trained on her little baby bjorn potty that sits on the floor and at first she had no interest in this . I think it made her nervous to be up high -LRB- she is only 17m -RRB- . But one day she refused to go on her little pink potty . She kept climbing up onto the toilet . So I put this seat on , she went , and she 's been using it ever since ! It is VERY easy to use . It does n't slide around and all and takes about 2 seconds to put on and take off . We have an elongated toilet so I know it fits the non-standard size . I have n't taken it out with me yet but that 's the next step . Very happy with this purchase !
 The toilet trainer works as described . I bought it for my aunt who takes care of my two year old boy .
 I would definitely recommend this toilet seat for little kids . I first purchased a less expensive seat which slid all over the toilet seat making it very difficult for a small child to learn how to go to the bathroom all by themself . So , I returned it and purchased this one at the recommendation of my sister . It 's great ! You can adjust it so it fits snuggly on your specific toilet seat and I paid less purchasing on amazon.com than buying at a retail store .
 This seat is awesome , it fits both elongated and normal bowls very snugly . It does not slip and slide . My 2 year old daughter can lift it up and put it on the toilet . It is very easy to clean . Great product .
 We 've had this toilet topper for a while and it really is nearly perfect . Easy to put on , take off , and clean . I always tell my son to push his little man down into the toilet , so we have n't had problems with the splashguard like some have . It would be nice if the seat was a little bit squishy -LRB- like the weePods -RRB- so it would be just a little more comfortable to encourage him to stay on it longer . But for the price , yeah , this is the best we 've used .
 I love this seat . It is secure and easy to sit on . I also like the splash guard in the front , it really helps with the messes that could be from my son . The only thing I recommend is getting one in your child 's favorite color . I have a black one and a blue one , my son will only use the blue one because it 's his favorite color .
 Buy this now . Save yourself from cleaning little potty 's . Get the stool too .
 this fits my elongated toilet which the padded cartoon character seats will not . It 's easy to clean too - there are no crevices like the padded seat . The splashguard does n't really do much for boys and because of it , my son ca n't keep his legs close together like he can on the mini toilets in his daycare , so he has to be very conscious to not spray when he pees.I think it 's a bit bulky for travelling . we have a folding potty seat that we bring with us for travelling .
 This is the best seat ever , it is easy to use and keep clean . I had a cheap padded one from a big box store and I had a enough of cleaning it everytime my son used it . Would recommend any purchasing this for their child .
 I never found anything that comes close to how well this potty seat works . Fits pretty much any sized toilet seat and is very secure and easy to keep clean . So much nicer than cleaning out a potty chair , and comes off and on the toilet effortlessly . Our son 's been using it for the last year and I had to buy another one for the upstairs bathroom because we liked the first one -LRB- we use downstairs -RRB- so much . Well worth the price .
 My two year old granddaughter loves this . She can put it on the big potty by herself , and with her Baby Bjorn stool , hops right up , and seats herself with only a little assistance from me . It 's comfortable for her , and she has great success , and feels very `` big '' . -LRB- I also have the small , portable Baby Bjorn potty in pink , which she likes , too , as an alternative sometimes . -RRB- She likes to read her Mr. Rogers ' book on going potty while she sits , so I know it 's very comfortable for her . It has a great `` tinkle shield '' for little boys , but it does n't get in her way at all . Wonderful design ! Also , the toilet seat stores easily behind or beside the big toilet , so it does n't take up any room in the bathroom when not in use . I just bought another one for her parents . Wonderful product as well as Great value for the money !
 Our 23 month old son loves the seat and it is the right size for him . We went through two other seats available in the stores -LRB- Target , Lowes -RRB- but neither was comfortable nor lasted more than 2-3 weeks . I highly recommend this seat .
 This is a wonderful potty seat ! I just purchased my second one -LRB- I have twins that always have to `` go '' at the same time ! -RRB- and it works wonderfully . It fits the toliet seats very snugly - we have an elongated toliet seat , and makes my boys feel very secure . It is also very easy to take off and on - the boys can do it themselves which encourages independance . Well worth the money !
 We have the Baby Bjorn Step Stool , Potty Chair , Little Potty , and now the Toilet Trainer . Hind sight is 20/20 . The Toilet Trainer and Step Stool is all you need . Our initial thought was to have the Potty Chair for home and the Little Potty for trips . The reality is our daughter would sit on her potty then want to sit on the toilet like Mommy and Daddy . We balanced her on the toilet before we decided to get the toilet trainer . No more balancing acts on the toilet . She can use her step stool to get on the Toilet when she wants . The toilet trainer travels well , fits all types of toilets , easy to install , remove , and clean ! The Potty Chair and Little Potty are fantastic quality but you might as well go with the Toilet Trainer from the start .
 This potty seat fits on the toilet and does not slip around . the child is secure and comfortable , rather than doing a balancing act . This goes a long way for a child trying his best to learn . Also , its easy to clean .
 After buying a couple of potty seats that were much less expensive and a potty chair that played music for my 27mo . old son , I finally gave up and bought this one . I am very happy with it , and my son takes great pleasure in the fact that he can easily put it on and take it off all by himself . It does n't slip around , and the built in splash guard is perfect . He ca n't take it off and lose it somewhere in the house like he did with his potty seat 's splash guard , and the edges are smooth so he does n't scratch himself on it when trying to sit down . Also , the potty seat was too small for him by the time he was 2 . -LRB- He is a bit big for his age , but not chubby or anything . -RRB- Since it does n't have any cracks for the mess to settle into , it 's easy to wipe clean when needed.I also like the fact that it 's just plain white with black trim since I am using it in the guest bathroom . I bought a little hook that you stick on with adhesive tape and put it on the side of the toilet tank to hang the seat on . It works perfectly , the seat is out of the way when it 's not in use , and my son can easily reach it when he needs to use it!I am glad I spent the extra $ $ , I should have listened to the reviews I read and saved myself the trouble of buying and returning the others !
 we bought this topper to use when our daughter was 6months old . we were having her use the toilet to poop instead of her cloth diapers and the big potty was too big . i tried putting her on a small potty chair and she cried . so i bought this and it was the perfect combo . she could be up high and see us but it also gave her , and us , more security while she was up there . now that she 's 16mos old , she still ca n't climb up alone to use it but can sit all by herself on it and it appears very comfy . it adjusts to any seat and there is no danger of it slipping off or into the toilet . once she can climb up to the seat by herself , it will be even better to have -LRB- i have vivid memories of being afraid of the `` big '' potty -RRB- . i prefer when she uses this seat instead of her little potty chair because i have nothing to clean up afterwards ! it 's really well made - buy a step-stool to go along with it and you have a place to sit while helping your little one go !
 Do n't get me wrong , our Bjorn trainer is a keeper - has a great seal , extra pee guard in the front , adjustable fit , and the handle makes for easy storage and cleanup . But , when it comes to toilet seats for training ... let 's be honest ... you can find a cheaper one that does the job . This one is just maybe the Cadillac of trainers ? I would n't buy this one again , but would certainly want one as a gift !
 Excellent Toilet training seat . My daughter is able to sit on her own and the seat remains in place . We had an extra long toilet seat and this one fits like a charm . The only con is the price , it is three times more expensive than regular toilet training seats .
 Comfortable for toddler , fits toilet seat well with easy adjustment . Easy for 18 month old son to put on/put away . My only complaint is regarding the `` splash guard '' which is really just in the way . I wish they offered one without it .
 This toilet trainer fits my toilet ring , because it has a dial you can adjust ! It 's a very good idea . The trainer is well contoured , which makes it comfortable for little ones to sit on . Another good feature is the handle on it . I hang it on the wall above our toilet . Very good quality and considerate product .
 This is simply the best slip-over potty seat out there . The adjusting dial underneath allows it to fit snugly over oblong or round toilet seats , so there 's no slipping around on the potty . I recommend this especially for boys because it does n't require a special flip-up piece in the front . Also , the hole is a little bigger than the cheaper models , so I would recommend this for average-sized 3 + kids . My son is over 5 now , and he still has to use this , so it defintely will last a long time as far as age of the child and sturdiness of the product . It cleans up easily , too .
 This is the best potty seat I have seen , and I have tried quite a few . First of all , its adjustable `` arms '' secure it snug to any toilet so the seat does not move at all ! This feature helps give your kids confidence to get up on the potty . Also , it is one piece so you do n't have to clean in cracks and crevices . The hook is a great feature , and the seat it lightweight so your child can handle it and `` do it myself '' . Finally , this is a WONDERFUL potty seat for LITTLE BOYS ! The angled , built in splash guard is necessary for potty training boys . When it comes to potty training , a daunting task for a little person , you do not want to mess around with inadequate potty seats . Not that one potty seat will work for everyone , but this one is quite near perfect .
 Do n't waste your $ $ $ on other seats . Just get this one to start with !!! Best seat out there and worth it !
 My little bear has always been big for his age . I have had a time trying to train him on potty chairs that are way too small -LRB- in terms of him splashing and even being bigger than the chair . When I found this and read another review of someone with a big little boy I immediately ordered it . It has been great . He can put the seat off/on the toilet seat himself and is very secure and balanced while going to the potty . He puts the seat up himself on a hook next to the toilet when he is done . I have a little stool he uses to help himself off/on the seat . He is doing great with the potty seat . If you have a little boy who is big for his age , I DEFINATELY reccomend this to youBabyBjorn Toilet Trainer - White/Red
 I would recommend this product to everyone . My son adapted very well to using the potty seat . Much easier than the traditional potty trainer that tends to be a messy clean up .
 I had two Big factors in choosing a seat
 My son was afraid to sit on the big potty at all . I was nervous that this seat would be wiggly without handles , but it does n't move at all when it is on the toilet . He can easily get it on and off by himself and then sits comfortably and confidently.Within 2 hours of having these seats in the house , he was pooping on the potty ! He trained in 3 days - no joke !
 It 's a good product . It may be a bit more expensive than some other seats , but we like it becasue of the safety lock on the back of the seat . Highly recommended !!!
 I love this toilet training seat ! I like that it 's a hard , molded plastic , and not a soft seat . It looks so much nicer in the bathroom and cleans better too . My 3 year old daughter finds it comfortable to sit on . The adjustment knob helps keep the seat in place.I also like the high splash guard in front ... girls can have little fountains too , and this is the only seat we 've used that keeps everything contained in the toilet . It was well worth the extra money .
 Great product . Fit is great and design is what is expected by a parent . I picked up an over the door hook from a local store for $ 1.99 to hang this off the side of the toilet when it 's not in use . So happy with it that we are purchasing another .
 This is a great potty seat for a girl - I have not tried it with a boy . It is very stable and comfortable and no worries about her falling in an elongated toilet . Very pleased !
 I have 3 boys and this is the solution for our needs . I like it is made of hard plastic instead of the foam type seat , easy to clean . It has a nice shape for sitting . As far as a boy doing number 1 while sitting on the potty , he has to lean forward or you will have a mess to clean up . That does n't seem to be a big deal to the boys . It has a nice loop on the top so we can hang it on the toilet with the potty hook and it is adjustable to fit different potty hole sizes . Seems very durable . I have one in every bathroom .
 I did a lot of research before purchasing a seat to go on our toilet . I already have a Bjorn stand alone potty but my daughter did n't seem to be comfortable on it for more than a minute or two and she wanted to sit on the big potty but is just too small . So I figured a seat to go on the regular toilet would be the way to go . So far though it has n't gotten her to go she does seem comfortable sitting on it . The design is really clever and I do believe that it would fit on any seat tightly the way it 's adjustable . It 's nice to feel comfortable that it 's not going to slide around . I think this is definitely the way to go for toilet training.Update 11/21/2011
 This product is so great ! My daughter is 23 months and we have started the potty training process.The seat is so comfortable and fun for her , she asks to go just to sit on it.The ergonomic design is ideal for their little bums and the way it sits on any of our three toilets -LRB- all differnt sizes and shapes -RRB- is genius!I ca n't recommend this product enough !
 I have now purchased and tried 7 different potty chairs/seats . Four potty chairs and three seats . This one is the best and our favorite . It fits on all toilets I 've tried , and it works just fine for my boy who just started potty training last week . The splash guard is high enough to capture his urine and not get allover his clothes . The seat does not move around when he climbs on the toilet . I love the clean white color , and it hangs nicely . My son has no problem taking it off and putting it back on a hook . The opening is wide enough that this will last a while . I ca n't say enough about this seat . OH most importantly , when my son gets off and on the seat , it does n't hurt his boy parts at all .
 This is the right size hole and shape for our extra long toilet seat . It is also adjustable so it fits on any seat.The length of the hole was the most important factor , as my 3 year-old-son is 37 '' tall and tends to go long . That being said , he does not like the hardness of the seat as he is coming from a foam cushy seat , however , it does the trick most of the time . Product arrived on time , new and packaged well .
 After buying a few cheapies , we purchased this one . The adjustable fitting wheel really does work and the rubber lip keeps it from moving all over your seat and scaring your kid.The pee guard bump , for boys , really works . Enough said for such a small priced item . Just buy it .
 I just got done potty training my boy/girl twins using the small potty chairs that sit on the floor but we are planning a vacation in a few weeks and they were terrified of using the big potty but we really had to get them using one . I bought a cheap-o potty seat and it slid around all over the place and they were scared to use it so we went back and paid twice as much and got the Bjorn and so glad we did . We have a TOTO brand toilet and the seat is very deep and contoured so the lock on the Bjorn did n't work at all on our toilet seat , but because it also has a grippy bottom and is quite large , it fits great anyway . My toddlers were fine using it and began using the big potty the same day we bought it . Definately worth the extra money , great design !
 Love this seat . With the cheaper seats w / Disney designs , etc , the pee was always getting everywhere but the potty . This is perfect for my son . The bump between the thighs keeps his legs apart so pee gets IN the potty instead of on it and it is deep enough so that even if the pee does not go straight down and still gets in the potty and does not leak under the seat . Fits well on our toilet seat .
 The stand alone potties are good for starting , but this is great for once my girl had potty training down and while she 's still little . Works great on our oblong shaped seat .
 This is one of the better option as it is very easy to clean and wipe down after each use . Also works well for boys . It also fits perfectly to the elongated shaped toilet seat . However , it does not fit our other toilet seat that has a soft-closing lid with a more round shape .
 Great for boys , adjustable , never a mess . With other potty seats , the boys always managed to pee out , either over or under the seat . I have 2 of these now b/c they are the best !
 I bought this for my son who is currently potty training . He just turned two and is pretty big for his age , but this seat fits him perfectly . We have had no problems with urine spills , the guard at the front keeps it all in the toilet . He likes helping to put the potty on and take it off too by turning the dial that tightens and loosens the potty seat on the toilet . This is the only toilet seat we 've tried , but it 's working out great for us . I would definitely recommend it !
 Easy to clean . Stays in place -LRB- even w/o using the built-in `` lock '' -RRB- . Seems comfrontable . Splash guard could be larger -LRB- but let 's be honest , unless you 're putting a Jai alai cesta on there , not sure anything is really going to contain the misses of an active 2yr old boy ! -RRB-
 I 'm glad that I got this seat for my daughter , she is comfortable in using this and she can place and take the seat by herself from the toilet and this fits most of the toilets . It is a good quality product with great design and worth the extra money , I would highly recommend this product .
 My search for a potty seat that would fit an oval toilet ended here . I love that it can be adjusted to fit so it is n't sliding around when toddler is trying to sit down on it . Great product for the oblong toilet !!
 I bought this for my son and read the reviews about the splash guard not extending down far enough . I decided to take a chance and found out that it does indeed lead to spills onto the actual toilet seat and under the toilet trainer seat too . It 's not that big of a deal to me because it 's not like it 's going all over the floor . I just do a quick wipe of both seats after my son is done . It takes two seconds and I do this so I do n't get a smelly bathroom . When my sitter and husband watch my son , they do n't do any cleaning up of the seats and I have yet to notice the bathroom smelling . We have an oblong seat and it fits perfect . We do n't even use the adjust dials and it stays in place . I gave it four stars because I really like it even though the splash guard does not extend further down .
 This is the best potty seat by far . I have 2 boys and I never have a wet mess after they use this seat . I bought other seats but they always left a wet ring around the rim and I had to rinse the seat and their legs every time . I never worry about a mess with this seat . Worth every penny .
 This was actually my second purchase of this seat . This one is for Grandma 's house . We also have a BabyBjorn potty chair . My daughter uses both , but she 's getting to the point where she 's a little big for the potty chair and likes to use the `` big '' potty but is still to small for it . So this seat works perfect . It 's easy to lift on and off and it fits her behind just fine -LRB- she 's on the small side -RRB- . She can easly lift it on and off herself and move it around the house when she wants . A little pricy , but recommended .
 Do n't waste your money on any other trainer seat ! The Baby Bjorn seat is the most comfortable for your little one , and a breeze to clean . I bought other seats -LRB- four bathrooms in our house -RRB- and ended up throwing them all away . This one is probably the most expensive , but its worth it when you are trying to teach a VERY important skill !!!
 We tried several different stools and seats , with horrible results . They were usually too small for the average child and did n't provide adequate protection for boys who might `` overshot '' the toilet . The baby bjorn seat solved all our problems . It is easy to clean and no mess . My son now only uses it to go # 2 , but it still fits him nicely and is comfortable for him .
 I have potty trained four kids now , and I wish this product was available earlier . Simply the best toilet seat out there.Top Two Reasons Why This Is The Best :1 -RRB- It does not slide on the toilet like many of the other seats do . The kids do n't feel like they are going to slide off the toilet .2 -RRB- The potty `` guard '' in front is very effective for the boys . Many of the other toilet seats have a removeable guard , and the kids just pull it off and drop it in the toilet .
 A friend gave me one when my daughter was 9 months old and we 've been using that since then . The curvature of the ring cover fits both the toilet and baby 's bottom really well . It does not move on the toilet as some other designs do . It 's easy to clean . I also have a cover with cartoon characters on it but my daughter would keep moving off it and trying to see the characters so it 's really distracting . The Bjorn one does what it 's supposed to do and does it well . Now my daughter is 2 years old and started potty training a few weeks ago . I like the Bjorn so much that i bought another one for our 2nd bathroom also .
 I bought this seat for my daughter so I could save myself from cleaning out a stand alone potty . She loves it and is n't afraid of the big toilet at all . The seat fits any shaped toilet seat unlike some other brands that claim they fit all toilet seats . It may cost a bit more , but you wo n't waste your time buying or searching for another seat . Make sure to get a step stool that is the proper height so your little one can climb on and off the seat by themselves .
 This is perfect . It adjusts very easily to any bowl , is firm and steady when it attaches , pops on and off in a second . There 's nothing to improve and nothing more we could want .
 My wife and I are both very happy with this product . Very convinient . Great design . We found it on Amazon and bought it because of the reviews and are glad we did .
 We bought this in conjunction with the step stool for our son -LRB- now 4yrs -RRB- when he was potty training . He is a big boy and is potty trained but STILL uses this seat on the toilet to keep from falling in . He also still uses the stool ! Worth every penny !
 We like this seat over the others we bought previously . There 's a rubber seal around it so it stays put . The others we had tended to move around and scare her . It 's easy for her to pick up and put on the toilet seat herself . The great plus is that it fits all different kinds of toilets . It 's a bit bulky for travelling but not too bad .
 After reading several reviews I bought this seat and I am so glad I did . It was worth every penny . No more pee on the seat/floor/etc . Easy to remove . Stays in place . Easy to clean . Love it ! This was my fourth potty seat purchase , make it your first .
 It was mailed fast , works great , easy to clean . My kid loves it and puts it up and down all by himself.Our toilet tub is slightly elongated , and it fits perfectly with a little easy adjustment.Just what we needed .
 I bought a Sesame Street seat at Walmart , and it was too rickety - my son would n't get on it , and he could n't get on it himself . I bought this BabyBjorn seat , and it fits perfectly . It 's so comfortable for him . Do n't waste your money on any other adapter seat .
 This seat is great for our toddler . He can put it on and take it off by himself and has NEVER been pinched . We did have to train him to sit back so that the shot would go down instead of spraying out . I liked the seat because the cup is molded on , no parts for my toddler to pull off .
 this has been such a great thing for our family . no more cleaning little toilets , yeah . . i definitely recommend this to anyone ... also get a stool of some sorts so they can get on it themselves .
 We 've got a couple seats , this is by far the best . It fits any size/shape toilet seat !!!!!!! It works wonderful with the Bjorn stool , my little guy is able to get up on the potty by himself and sit comfortable while reading his potty books while trying to be potty trained -LRB- 2years -RRB- . Must have .
 My two yr olds likes this more then the smaller pottys , but I know why its made for her little bum , no red marks , no pain , easy to clean and fits any toilet . Great for on the go or just at home .
 My 21 month old son LOVES to sit on this potty seat . It is so secure on our toilet seat - does n't move at all because it is fully adjustable.He 's not quite ready to be potty trained , but every night before bath I ask him if he wants to sit on his potty and go pee-pee and every night he does . -LRB- Nothing actually happens , of course . -RRB- We had one of those free standing potty trainers , but I just could n't imagine having to empty that thing out every time he used it.This was one of my best purchases for my toddler !
 This product is great ! It fits well on our toilet and is the perfect size for our little 2-year old to sit on . She is just starting to potty train , and rather than first making the transition to a potty chair and then to the toilet we 're going straight to the toilet . And no mess to clean up either . She just uses a little stool to walk up to get on top of the toilet and is comfortable enough to sit there while she reads her books . It 's a great solution for someone looking to start potty training their little one .
 I bought this product for my son . It is a great product and my son seems to be comfortable while sitting . I have two of them and I think their great .
 We 're struggling with potty training our 3yo boy and these potty seats have been great ! They are all one piece so there are n't any cracks and crevices that you have to clean , and they are contoured perfect for his little bottom . There is a handle on the back so it 's very easy for adults and kids to lift it off of the toilet , and then you just drop it back into place when your little one needs to go potty . My sister recommended them to me -LRB- she 's already trained two kiddos -RRB- and we 've been truly impressed - as impressed as one can be with a potty trainint seat that is ! -LRB- wink -RRB-
 I 've used this seat for all of my kids . I 've tried others and all have fallen short of this one . This seat goes onto the toilet seat already there and there is a dial you turn on the back of the seat that secures it so it does not slide , slip or move . My kids can put this seat on the toilet and secure it by themselves . So if you 're tired of emptying out the stand alone potty seats you need to buy this seat . My kids feel safe and secure using this seat . BabyBjorn really knows how to make good quality things that are practical , well priced and long lasting . I 've used this seat for many years without a single problem . If you 're looking for the right potty seat for your little ones , this one is the one you should get , hands down .
 We used this toilet for our son after he potty trained in a little potty -LRB- which was a huge mess to clean b/c it has so many grids underneath where I discovered pee would `` pool '' and smelled so bad ! Anyway , we first tried the Elmo potty attachment , very cute cheap plastic , used it once but would fit / even sit at all on our elongated toilet . This one adjusts , and it fit perfectly . We are now in a new place , with different shaped toilets , and it still fits well.Been researching a new potty attachment to buy since his little brother trained up from an Ikea -LRB- $ 3.99 ! -RRB- bowl shaped potty , but would like to move to the next level . Lil brother will not sit on this ! So we bought a `` Cars2 '' one and b-4 opening it , decided it was n't a good product , and also found bad reviews on it . So my husbands brilliant plan now is to cover the bear circle on this product with an awesome circle Cars2 sticker , and trick our son ... hope it works . : -RRB-
 With two little boys , a good potty seat is a necessity around here . I must have bought four different potty seats and was in despair . One scratched the toilet seat permanently , one did n't block anything so there was messy clean up each time , etc. , etc. . Finally , in desperation , I read reviews and saw that most people were saying they wished they had bought this seat first . I completely agree . We 've had it for two or three years now and it still works great . It blocks all the mess little boys can make , and it has a little wheel behind it so that you can adjust its size to your toilet . So far I have n't encountered a toilet it does n't fit . It 's more expensive than the cheap ones , but since I bought about four of those , buying this one outright would have saved me money in the long run .
 We 've tried a few different brands of potty seats , and this is by far our favorite . It stays in place when kids climb on and off instead of slipping or tipping like some other seats . Unfortunately we changed our toilet seat/lid combo to one of those slow close plastic ones that has the removable hinges for easy cleaning , and the Baby Bjorn training seat does n't fit it . Also , after about three years -LRB- and a couple of kids -RRB- the black rubber handle on the back started to break , but I consider that minor wear and tear . Overall , I 'd recommend this seat above others on the market . It safe and looks nice .
 My 20 month daughter started to say ` pee pee ' whenever she wanted a diaper change . We found she wants the diaper change when she was about to pee -LRB- or poo -RRB- when her diaper is already heavy and she does not like to wet the carpet or the blanket . So I thought maybe it 's not so early for her to start potty training.We got this Babybjorn toilet trainer delivered , and tried to put on the toilet - and as a curious toddler as she is , she asked me to put her on it -LRB- in her own language -RRB- then started peeing and she even tried to clean with tissues -LRB- she just dumps the tissue - I think she caught that from her big sister -RRB- . Since then , she tries to stay away from diapers whenever she 's not traveling or sleeping.She 's on the heavier side at 30 lb . She sits on it very comfortably alone , but smaller babies might have to find a smaller stand alone type potty trainer bowl .
 My daughter started with the Baby Bjorn stand alone potty seat - which was great when she was just getting started with the idea of using a potty . She quickly became too tall to use the stand alone potty seat , so I ordered this Baby Bjorn Toilet Trainer and it has been fantastic . She quickly learned how to put the seat on the toilet herself and adjust the wheel to make it snug . It was also easy for her to remove and hang on a small butterfly doorknob my husband attached to the side of the sink cabinet . The seat gave her a great sense of independence and allowed her to be comfortable and secure while learning to use the big potty.It is also great for traveling . I would put it in a zippered canvas tote and carry it with us into rest areas -LRB- it really does fit any toilet -RRB- - she could sit securely and be protected from unclean surfaces -LRB- I would carry a small container of Disinfectant wipes to clean her seat off each time we used it in a public restroom -RRB- . I highly recommend this Baby Bjorn Toilet Trainer !
 My 2 year old son and I love this potty seat ! It is EASY to clean , fits securely on all toilets , even elongated , and my son can put it on and take it off by himself . We use it in conjunction with the Baby Bjorn step stool , which I also love . We have had other potties and this is the best , except for the Baby Bjorn Little Potty . The potty trainer plastic is hard but contoured to fit a small or large person - my 15 month old daughter fits on it , and so do I !! Hard plastic is more sanitary because it wo n't crack and gather germs like the padded kind . The urine splash guard does the trick with little boys until they learn to aim , but is not cumbersome for females , either . It actually helps provide some stability to the child . It is very nice not having to empty and clean a separate potty for him . The design is clean and nice , which is important to us because my kids ' bathroom is also the guest bathroom , decorated to look like a spa in cool blues and white . The white seat does n't stick out like a sore thumb or look overly cutesy or childish in a nice bathroom . We take the trainer seat on vacation with us and visiting relatives . A word of caution - be sure to use with a sturdy stepstool , because for most kids , getting off and on the adult toilet without assistance is hard without a stool and can be dangerous . However , if your child is scared of sitting up so high , go with the Little Potty . My daughter is scared of the adult toilet and likes the Little Potty , but my son wants to be `` BIG '' like us and use the adult one . If you end up needing a floor potty , go with either a one piece design or a design in which the ` collection bowl ' ca n't be removed by the child while sitting on the potty . We had a ` royal ' potty - TRASH ! My son was scared of the red light that sensed urination or bowel movement , and freaked out when it made noise . The splash guard was bothersome to him , causing him to hurt himself more than once , and he frequently pulled it off in midstream , making a mess . He also pulled the collection bowl out from the front in midstream , and ended up peeing directly on the floor . Love the Baby Bjorn toilet trainer , stepstool combination !
 We have 2 potty seats and another child size potty . I actually did n't use the Baby Bjorn for a long time because we had other options . But after finally seeing how easy it is to use , we love it . It 's easy to put on our oblong toilets . It fits snuggly , and is easy to clean . My son is 34 pounds now and is way to big for the little chair we bought . The Baby Bjorn fits him fine , there is no need for an extra potty guard and he has n't complained once about it being uncomfortable . I would n't change it a bit .
 Length :
 I like the style and ease of this potty seat , but for my daughter , the hole is much too big . She squirms on it , and will not use it unless I am holding onto her-she starts to slip and fall in . I am having to end up buying a much smaller seat . Hopefully she will grow into this one . She is 21/2 and a little on the small side .
 Great potty seat . Safe and secure - does n't slide around . This one has the best mechanism for keeping the seat in place , so that our toddler can relax and take care of business . Also , if you have a boy , the raised `` shield '' at the front edge is worth the price of admission .
 Regular training seats you place on top of an adult size toilet just were not stable enough for my son . Add the fact that one of our toilets is oval and it was a BAD fit . Also add that he 's a very big boy and regular seats would allow him to pee right over the little pee catcher -LRB- do n't know the official term ;-RRB- for that part -RRB- . He 'd say , `` Mommy - I fall '' and did n't want to try . This seat works great because you can adjust it to make it fit with more stability .
 Since I consider this expensive I gave it 4 stars ... -LRB- I wish there was a 41/2 star rating , it is better than 4 stars -RRB- Besides the expense , I 'm quite happy with this product . There is nothing else on the market like it ... so , we went ahead & purchased it.This is an adjustable child 's toilet seat that fits onto a regular toilet . Because toilets come in different sizes/etc . there is a dial -LRB- near the handle -RRB- which you turn to make the trainer seat fit snug on the toilet . I have found it is easy to place on the toilet plus it is so easy to remove . Some other brands of child 's toilet seats are very difficult to remove . The BabyBjorn Toilet Trainer also has an oval shape opening ... child 's head wo n't fit through it . A child might try to wear it as a `` hat '' but it will not go down over their head & around the neck.Neither our son or daughter have had any problems using this seat/trainer . It is easy for them to place on the toilet and remove . Our children do look so much more `` comfortable '' sitting on this Toilet Trainer seat instead of sitting/falling into the toilet when using a regular/adult size toilet seat . Before purchasing this I also checked out the Toilet Trainer at the BabyBjorn website . I was impressed with the information there . I recommend people consider purchasing the Toilet Trainer .
 We purchased this product for our 3.5 year old sone , who finally graduated from the potty to the big people toilet . I 'm extremely happy that we purchased this product . This seat was our second try , the first seat we purchased had to go back to the store due to the fact that the splash guard instead of preventing the pee to go all over the place , was actually catapulting it across the room when my little boy was n't aiming . When he was , due to the spash guard being too small and our son sitting too high on that seat , we ended up having pee running down the front of the toilet . After a week of the potty adventures while I looked at different options available on line and at the stores I gave this seat a try . I was not disappointed in the least . The splash guard works great , it 's not huge and younger boys might have difficulty aiming , but I believe it 's the best option available for those of us who have boys . It 's extremely easy to use , we have been able to take it with us when we visit friends and family and we have not come across a toilet that this seet would not fit on . It 's very easy to clean . The plastic is very smooth , so there are no issues with scratching . The only gripe I do have is that sometimes my son complains that his bum get 's tired of sitting on the hard surface . But on the other hand , it 'll ensure that he will not sit indefinitely on the toilet reading his books : -RRB-
 It is a seat that finally fits my toilet . I have an elongated toilet and this is the only one that fit it . Now if only my son will use it -LRB- lol ! -RRB- .
 I like the curvature of this seat . And the dial to custom the fit to toilet seat is also wonderful . It does n't slip or move around no matter how much wiggling goes on.The only negative is the lack of shield in the front . It is MUCH better then most but maybe needs a bit more for boys.Overall , I love this product and would recommend it . Just make sure they 're sitting where it 's pointed south !
 It is a toilet seat , so a grown man should n't get to excited about one , but if you are trying to toilet train your toddler , your perspective changes.My son was not really digging the tiny little potty Mom had gotten him at Wal Mart . Though he is in the 50 percentile in height and weight , this thing was just too small , especially for a boy . When he finally did `` go '' he was n't `` tucked '' and it was traumatic for him . He gave up on things for a while . We wanted to get him back on track.As a guy , I knew the importance of having a long-enough distance from front to back . I also knew my son would dig being able to use a `` big boy potty . '' He used it the first time and has pretty much been dry , when awake , for several weeks now.This Bjorn seat is perfect . It is long enough for boys . Also , the connection system with the dial is both very secure and very easy to set up . Installation or removal of the seat takes literally 3-5 seconds . This is important if the bathroom is shared.I really do n't know how they could have designed this better .
 hard plastic.easy to cleanhard to fall off.perfectly fitted for tiny bottoms , and bad aim in little boys .
 It 's amazing how when you have a quality tool , it makes the job easier . This is the case of the BABYBJORN Toilet Trainer . It 's the best fit and works great for our three year old .
 Love this seat . My daughter is almost 3 and fits perfect on it . No slipping around and fits any size toilet . I gave it 4 stars because I feel it 's a lot of money for a toilet seat , but it works better then the `` fun '' cartoon kind .
 We bought the Baby Bjorn Toilet Trainer after looking around and trying to find another seat that will fit on our elongated toilet . This one fits . There 's a little dial on the bottom that easily adjusts to whatever seat you have . There are no corners that they can get hurt on . Both my older one -LRB- 3.5 -RRB- and my younger one -LRB- 2 -RRB- fit on it without worrying about slipping through . There is a splash guard that does n't get in the way . The only problem is that it does n't have handles for my kiddies to hold .
 My son is 3 and a half and we started potty training two months before he turned 3 . We had purchased the cheaper seats at Target and Walmart , but he would still have # 2 accidents . Our toilet is very elongated and all the other seats did n't fit well and were very wobbly . We just recently bought the Baby Bjorn toilet trainer and now he is excited about going # 2 ... . It is very secure because of the adjusting dial and he can get on the potty all by himself . No more accidents after a week with this seat ! The high front prevents # 1 spillage and the contor shape holds him well . I wish that I had known about this seat 8 months ago . I very highly reccomend this seat !
 Great seat . It is adaptable to all toilets . There is an adjustable knob that cranks underneath to tighten it to the seat but you have to reach into the toilet to do it . I found that if you just get it close before you place it on the toilet it stays secure . You can either place it on top of the seat or lift the seat . It 's easy on and off and your child can even do it him/herself . It worked so well I purchased three .
 Here is what I like about this : - you can adjust some fitting with the turn of a dial on the inside back of the seat so that it does n't shift when on the Toilet -LRB- this way I can use it on different toilet bowls and it sits steady -RRB- - just one piece -LRB- that way things do n't get in between the pieces -RRB- , less mess and easy to clean - contoured etc and all the stuff they say in their descriptionWhat I wish was different
 We have an elongated Toto toilet with an angled toilet seat . I bought a standard potty seat initially , which slid back and forth on the toilet seat . My daughter was terrified and refused to sit on it . After reading the reviews online , I bought the Baby Bjorn . Fits perfectly , does not move . I read another review that said the `` wings '' that the dial uses to latch on to the seat need to be removed to fit an elongated seat , but we did not have that problem . Put the Baby bjorn on our toilet seat , twisted the dial , and viola , the seat does not move . Highly recommend this potty seat !
 Fits my toilet seat perfectly . My soon feels secure and not wobbly while sitting on the seat.Never used a potty , as the BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer made the toilet easy to use for my 34 month old son.Raised front area prevents little boys from having accidents while potty training.Lightweight , but well made and sturdy.Removes easily , so grown ups can use the toilet , or potty training son can stand and practice his aim !
 When our daughter first started potty training , we bought one of the less expensive character covered potty seats . However , out toilet is elongated and the cheaper seat did not fit flush and always wobbled . Our daughter could n't get on and off the potty by herself because the seat would always move as she was trying to sit down . It was clear that our daughter felt very unsteady and uncomfortable on it , and frankly it set back out potty training efforts.Flash forward , my husband shows me the Baby Bjorn seat one day while we were walking through a local baby retailer . I first I thought `` $ 30 for a toilet seat !?! Seriously . '' Well folks , it was $ 30 well spent ! Not only is this seat fashioned to fit elongated toilets without the gaps , but the rear dial truly allows you to get a snug and secure fit . My daughter is clearly more confident both getting on and off the toilet and while sitting on this seat.I would absolutely recommend this product to anyone toilet training a young child !
 Not only does the dial adjust so that it fits your seat opening , the high-rise guard is great for little boys . My son is so excited to start potty training!Oh , and it 's not an eye-sore ! Love it !
 I order this for my 2 year old daughter after my friend recommended this to me . My daughter love using it . It fits very well because it is adjustable . It does n't wobble around . It is easy to take off also . I even bought the stepping stool for her to use also .
 Our daughter wanted to start trying on Mommy and Daddy 's potty - so we bought this . Took 2 seconds to spin the wheel to tighten and viola done and ready to use . She loves it and is using it , and no more cleaning up the small potty !!! Love it ! Get a stool and viola the big potty works for little ones . Would buy this again ...
 We 've been potty training my son for several weeks now , and he showed signs of being interested in using the big potty . So we bought a well-rated fancy potty seat with all sorts of `` features '' that was absolutely terrible . It was quickly returned , and replaced with this one.This seat is SO easy to use - there 's a dial that 's accessible from the top back to adjust its fit , and it 's snug as could be . We have one of the long oval toilet bowls , and that did n't cause any trouble with this seat . It 's secure and does n't move around , but really easy to take off again for adults and older kids to use . This only showed up this morning , but already my two and a half year old has nearly figured out how to get it on and off the toilet seat by himself . It has a nice pee-guard for little boys , and sits down into the toilet a bit so the pee does n't end up coming out between the toilet and seat . We put a big sturdy step stool in front of the toilet , and my son is so excited now that he can get up there and down again by himself !
 I love this potty seat . I ca n't even begin to tell you how great it is . It 's made out of sturdy plastic that seems as if it will last a long time . It fits snugly in/on the toilet with no problems . The adjusting mechanism is genius . It 's super easy to clean and I do n't have to worry about the seat absorbing any bathroom nastiness . It comes off the toilet quickly and easily for adult users and the handle allows for easy hanging . My son loves sitting on it and has n't looked or acted uncomfortable during use . He has great confidence sitting on this seat . The splash guard is n't too short or too high and the hole is just the right size for my potty-training toddler . We have n't had any issues as of yet and I am thrilled to own this . We tried self-standing potty chairs as well as the seats that attach to the toilet . This is by far my favorite .
 My husband and I bought a couple different potty seats from locals stores and we constantly had to reposition our son so that his pee was going in the toilet and not every where else ! This potty seat is perfectly designed . . we set him on the potty and do n't worry about a thing ! Fits perfectly on the toilet , does n't slide around and it 's white so it is n't a terrible eyesore . And if the pee hits the inside of the potty seat there are no cracks or seams or anything for it to run into it just runs straight down into the toilet ! Easy to clean ! Seemed a little pricey for a what it is but well worth it in our opinion especially since we just threw the others away ! Will be ordering another so we have one downstairs as well ! I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a potty seat .
 My children use only this item for their children , so I purchased one for my grandchildren to use at my house . It is very compact , yet extremely sturdy .
 I do n't have a ton of experience with potty seats . I only have one child , who was recently potty trained last week - there 's a new baby coming and we had to get it done . However , I did read a lot of reviews before purchasing . And after my experience with it so far , I am convinced there are none better . I could n't have imagined a more easy-breezy potty training experience.-Easy to tote around - it has been to several different houses.-It has fit securely on any toilet seat we 've tried . I usually do n't even use the adjustable dial , but it still feels secure.-Little ridge in the front keeps urine from leaking.-I LOVE that I do n't have to clean out a potty chair basin . Gross . Really , I ca n't imagine too many worse things at 8 months pregnant . Flush it down and GONE.-It is comfortable for her to sit on - she 's never objected using it.-Since she has been trained on a real potty , she will sit on a regular toilet seat without hesitation when we do n't have the BABYBJORN Toilet Trainer with us . I believe it has helped eliminate any fear she might have had using a real potty.I was really dreading the potty training . Actually , I was petrified , until one morning my husband woke up and said to our daughter -LRB- without us even discussing it -RRB- , `` Let 's wear your big-girl panties today . '' So I just went with it . Without reading any books that I had planned to pour over before attempting the training . That was 10 days ago . She has n't had an accident in 6 days - # 1 OR # 2 . She even wakes up with a dry diaper -LRB- still wears a diaper to bed -RRB- . And once woke me in the middle of the night telling me she had to go . Champ . I realize that the potty seat is n't wholly responsible for this . However , I really appreciate the ease of use for her and me and think that it has made her transition much more comfortable . So happy with this purchase . Will be recommending it to all of my friends !
 Initially saw that the daycare had this kind of kiddie toilet seat and noticed an ease of use when my daughter had to go to the potty . It 's on the pricier side than say the Dora or Sesame Street types you can find at Target , but I found it more secure and comfortable for my daughter than those ones . It fits snug on the toilet so I 'm not worried about it shifting around when my kid tries to sit on top of it -LRB- which was an issue with the Dora/Sesame Street type I previously purchased . -RRB- Another plus - the thing is easy to clean ! I 'm planning to get a second one for a different bathroom .
 I tried a couple of other seats first . The Sesame Street seat slid around , and the First Years Secure-Adjust Toilet Trainer was too big . We have the Eco Drake round Toto toilets with soft close lid . The seats curve down in the middle and are small . The Babybjorn fits on the smallest setting and does not slide around . I can see how it could adjust to quite a large toilet seat . We should be able to use it when we travel too . Our daughter is almost 3 and has been using the small BabyBjorn potty chair , but she started sitting on the regular toilet , so I really wanted to find something so she would be comfortable . When I first put it on , she stayed on there for a long time , and now uses it everyday . I believe this is our toilet seat -LRB- TOTO SS113-01 Transitional SoftClose Round Toilet Seat -RRB- : http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000QTZOBK/ref=noref?ie=UTF8&s;=hi&psc;=1You can see how it curves downward in the picture so most potty seats do not work on it . I was so happy that it fit !
 I previously bought a stand alone potty seat that was cute and made sounds but , frankly , it frightened my son a bit . Besides that , he told me he wanted to use the `` big '' potty . So I needed a seat that would fit on my elongated bowl toilets and my search -LRB- and a friends recommendation -RRB- led me to this seat . I kept it in my Amazon cart for a while and , like most Amazon items , the price fluctuated a bit . I finally bought it when it was around $ 23.00 . Once I received the seat , I immediately wanted to see how well it would work on my elongated seats . I turned the dial and within seconds it was a perfect fit for my toilet . My son seem very interested in it and wanted to use it . That made me happy . It seems like it is comfortable for him to sit on and we have never had a problem with the splash guard not working properly or pee getting anywhere it should n't . It is easy to clean and we move it on and off the toilet all day long , which is nice . It is a nice , clean looking seat too , which I like.We would definitely buy this seat again and we have recommended it to a few friends .
 From reading the reviews here , we had to try this seat out . Last night , my son picked out the red and white model . After getting it home , we had it set up in less than 10 seconds - he sat on it and peed in the potty !! He loves it and is so proud . It is well made , easy to fit and looks nice in our washroom . Thank you so much Baby Bjorn for a product that WORKS ! We tried other seats and well , let 's just not go there . This is the only seat you will need . LOVE IT !
 This is amazing !! My three year old puts it on by himself and then takes care of his business ! We are now working through # 2 stage and then overnight ... wish us luck !
 They 're not perfect -LRB- our 3 y.o. son is not potty trained yet -RRB- , but they 're the best that we could find , after getting two other types of trainers . We bought three of them . One is for our home , one is for their preschool , and the last one is for their babysitter 's home . Our daughter is doing very well , so hopefully our son will follow her lead .
 My DD loves this seat . She was only 10mths when we got it , but the first time we put here there she was happy . Now she picks it up by herself and would sit there forever if she could . Easy to clean !!!
 This is by far the best potty seat we have tried . It costs more than most other seats , but it is worth every penny . It really does adjust to any size toilet seat and it does not budge once you have it adjusted properly , which is very easy to do . My 3 year old son can put the seat on and take it off himself . We love it !
 Our son used the Baby Bjorn stand alone potty . But by 31/2 I realized we should have gotten him a potty seat & stool earlier ! This seat does not require attachment to the toilet seat , it simply sits right on the seat . The have only one quibble ; the adjustable fit dial does not seem to work well on out toilet 's seat . That does n't seem to be a major factor or problem as the seat fits snugly anyway . My son is able to place the seat himself which gives him greater confidence in being able to go potty by himself.While he was learning how to use the stool & potty , I went with him to the bathroom to be there in case there was a problem . Now , he has it down .
 great fit all the way around . for my boy and for the toilet . great product .
 I 'm a big fan of Baby Bjorn products and this potty seat was worth the money . It 's sleek and obviously , ergonomic for my 2 yr . old 's bottom . The only time it 's ever leaked was from her error of not sitting far enough back in the seat , so that her urine sprayed between the potty seat and the toilet seat . Otherwise , it installs so easily and remains clean so that if you need to remove it from the toilet you do n't feel grossed out touching it . I 'd definitely buy another if I needed to . We use this potty seat in combination with the Baby Bjorn step stool for the upstairs potty and the Baby Bjorn whole Potty Chair for downstairs .
 we have this and two bjorn potty chairs -- adding up to three pottys in a very tiny NYC apartment . But there must be inspiration in numbers because my very stubborn four year old is finally training !!!! The seat is comfortable for him . Catches all ! and we are just thrilled.This is one bit of Gear BabyBjorn got right . Do n't even hesitate , grab this , grab the step stool so your childs legs do n't dangle . . get a potty chair for the other rooms , and perhaps your child too will be inspired .
 This products works well and provides a secure seat for toddlers to sit , much better than cheaper , non-adjustable models .
 We had a cheapo toilet-top seat before this -- it was messy , pee shield too low , had a rough edge which hurt my son . This cost two-three times as much , but MAN is it better ! It 's awesome -- easy to clean , pee shield tall but safe , comfy for him to sit on ... and we 're finally making potty training progress ! I HIGHLY recommend this seat .
 This is the best potty seat ever . Simple to use , no mess to clean up , fits perfectly & securely right on top of the toilet seat . Plus the big bonus ... . they get to flush the toilet like a grown up !!!! and its an easy transfer to a regular toilet since there already sitting on it . Plus its a total space savor , its great for the 1/2 bathroom ! I Highly recommend this product .
 We bought this for our 22 month old who had been using 2 different all-in-one potty 's for a while . he is taller -LRB- 95 % -RRB- so these other seats were kind of tight . He took to this sea immediately , and fits on it much more comfortably . The guard is large and the one-piece construction makes it all easy to clean - it 's even dishwasher safe ! all in all a great seat -LRB- we bought the bb step stool too -RRB- .
 This is a third `` copy '' of this seat that we have bought from Amazon - that is how much my wife and I liked it . It is well designed , with smooth lines , rubber stabilizers and no rough or sharp edges or points . Fits easily and reasonable securely over any solid adult toilet seat - no need to lift it . We use these at home in every bathroom and take one with us when we travel . My three-and-a-half y.o. daughter is able to pick it up from the floor and place properly on a toilet herself . The round dial that locks it into place does not have to be tight , thanks to the rubber bars on underside . Therefore , even though not really locked in place , it does not slide . Obviously , that is VERY important . If she felt even a bit insecure on it , she would n't use it . We had two other seats -LRB- from different manufacturers -RRB- , both of which wobbled if the child did not sit straight and still . Which kid does ?! So the Baby Bjorn continues its reputation for quality products that are really well designed . I highly recommend this seat to anyone with a toddler in a house !
 great and convenient . well made product . My child does not slip off - she fits well on the seat . It is sturdy and it fits my toilet well . easy to clean . BabyBjorn is incredible !
 This potty seat fits more securely than any other I 've tried . The adjustable brackets give it a very firm fit into our standard , oval toilet seat , and our two year old is very comforable sitting on it . Recommend highly .
 It is perfect and is worth every penny . Easy to clean , adjustable , and my child can put it on/take it off without assistance , which makes my life so much easier ! Definitely 5 stars !
 I have bought two BabyBjorn Toilet Trainers for my elongated toilets ... they are a bit more expensive but so worth every penny ... they do n't shift when tightened onto the toilet seat ... I have tried other seats & they moved all around which scared my son ... my son can easily put it on and off the toilet seat himself ... it has a convienent loop on the end that I can attach to a hook for easy storage ... it works great for little boys who need to sit down when first being train ... the tinkle stays in the potty . I highly recommend this potty seat especially if you have an elongated toilet seat and/or a little boy !!!
 We had a regular potty chair that sits on the floor and grew tried of it taking up floor space , cleaning the bowl , etc. so we decided to try the Bjorn Toilet Trainer . We love it ! It does not take up any floor space , sits nicely -LRB- fit is great -RRB- on our regular toilet bowl , no cleaning up meeses and our toddler can get on and off of it all by himself . I would highly recommend this product to anyone who is potty training .
 We absolutely love this potty seat . My son has been potty training but is outgrowing his little potty -LRB- he 's tall and long legged -RRB- so we thought we 'd better get something he could use with the real toilet . This seat is very comfortable for him and easy to adjust to fit any toilet . My son is only 21/2 but can put this on and take it off the toilet by himself . I would highly recommend it !
 This seat has an adjustment to fit any toilet securely . You definitely do not want a seat that slides easily or makes the child feel insecure while atop the toilet . It just seems to be the right size to fit any size toddler as well . My friends children use it too when they come over . Great buy !
 I have now pruchased 3 of these for my son to use at home and our second house . The dial is an awesome feature and fits tightly to your toilet . I love how easily it adjusts and is very sturdy .
 My son used this for early potty training -LRB- while still sitting -RRB- and my daughter is currently using it . We tried several others , and we were particularly interested in something that would be portable . The small toilets that you have to empty out every time are messy and troublesome and totally miss the portability option . The ones that fold were n't sturdy enough . This is a great shape to help hold the child in place . The hole is n't too big , so my kids were n't afraid of falling in at all . The guard on the front is great for little boys just learning , but it is n't too sharp or too tall , so it did n't get in the way of the sitting . The shape of the seat also helps to guide parents exacly where to sit the child so they wo n't miss . It is easy to get on and off the toilet so adults can still get to the potty quickly , or vice versa . While it does n't fold , it is quick and easy to keep in the trunk of the car for resturaunt visits and emergency stops at convenience stores . And I found a canvas draw-string bag that I used to carry it in so I was n't toting a potty around . This is a perfect seat .
 ... TWO YEARS LATER ... I still have not regretted my purchase of these 2 seats -- they are still as strong and sturdy and clean as on day one . My daughter is now 41/2 and is still very comfortable on them and still uses them every day . My son is now 2 and he uses them and now I 'm really thankful for the guard which works really well . Great investment - like I said before , take my advice and make this one your first choice . . Finally we have found a sturdy potty seat that snugly fits our elongated toilets . The potty seat has a dial that secures it firmly to your toilet seat , is made of sturdy plastic , and has a guard , and no creases or seams to catch icky , smelly stuff . My daughter is 21/2 and loves this seat . She sits on it sometimes for 1/2 hour and sings all the songs she knows - so she is obviously very comfortable on it.Despite the price , we purchased a second one for downstairs and have n't regretted our decision . We will definitly use them when my now 6-month old baby boy 's potty-training time comes . My sister laughed that we paid that much for potty seats -LRB- she has 2 boys -RRB- , only to end up purchasing 2 of them herself !! Take my advice and make this one your first choice .
 We bought this about 8 months before my daughter started seriously training . Once she started training this was a great seat and she used it until about six months after she was trained and could get up on the seat on her own . Great seat .
 I 've bought 2 other toilet training seats prior to this one and neither fit my elongated toilet seat -LRB- high step Kohler elongated toilet -RRB- . The BabyBjorn fits my toilet seat perfectly due to the adjusting dial you turn to &#34; lock &#34; the seat in position . There are no holes or scary spots showing with this seat so my twin toddlers feel confident getting up on this seat . I have boy/girl twins and this seat fits both nicely . My boy is not as ready to potty train as my girl so I 'm not 100 % on how well the raised guard will work for stopping urine splashes from him . Happy I spent the extra money to have a seat that fits and is comfortable for them both !
 safe , sturdy and non-bulky toilet seat . My toddler now feels confident to climb onto toilet seat on her own - our previous training seat moved around so was very difficult to get onto . Easy to take travelling too .
 All the other toilet seat covers we tried did n't fit . This one fits securely and is easy to clean . Great
 We bought two . Have it up and downstairs our almost three year old likes this more then the potty chair . You must buy a stool with it but otherwise great
 we keep one upstairs and one downstairs . It 's easy to maneuver and wo n't slide around , cleans up nice . stores away easily .
 just starting out but the potty fits great on an adult toilet and is great for a boy sitting down .
 I was having a hard time finding a potty seat that fit our elongated bowl in the basement bathroom , until I came across this seat . The dial in back made for a snug fit . The seat does n't move at all and # 1 & # 2 go where they belong . Have n't had any issues cleaning it up .
 For some reason my son likes this better than sitting on his own baby potty . He has yet to &#34; go &#34; but at least , for now , he wants to sit on the toilet .
 We have two of these and love them . I tried to use the little potty that sits on the floor but I prefer this one . It is much less messy . We have a boy and the front of the seat is high so it keeps the pee in the toilet for the most part . Would highly recommend this !
 Love this thing . Relatively cheap , comes in various colors , has an adjustment knob to ` fit ' various toilet sizes , the hooks allows you to hang it -LRB- added a tacky hook to bathroom wall -RRB- and best of all it does n't have the creavises other seats have - let me explain . Had another potty seat that was ` cushioned ' - &#62; not sure why a kid needs a cushioned seat , it is not like they will be sitting reading the newspaper for ten minutes at a time - anyway , it did n't take long for the vinyl cushion to get pee and other ` gunk ' stuck between the cushion and the plastic rim - and then you have to look at it each time to put it on the toilet . This is a better option .
 I originally bought this potty because my oldest child 's potty trainer was too big for my toddler , which scared her . I was gritting my teeth paying $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for a seat , but I told myself I could use our other potty seat -LRB- with Dora characters -RRB- for car trips or something . Forget it ! Now that we 've been using the Bjorn for a month , that other seat is going in the trash and if we need another seat , we 'll buy a Bjorn again . Our old seat was always filthy and somehow managed to be dripping when you pulled it off the seat . The Bjorn potty is well designed and is not messy at all . I like the handle , so you can pull it off the potty without touching the seat . However , I ca n't imagine trying to hang this seat . It is not flat on the bottom at all .
 Great little toilet seat is adjustable to fit round and oval seats . Such adjustment , along with the rubber ring around it make for a very stable seat . Of course , saving the space in the bathroom by using this is a great benefit to those with small bathrooms . One huge plus that we havent seen a lot of on other training seats , is that there is a raised front to act as a `` pee wall '' for my clown of a son . : -RRB- Bought two we were so impressed .
 We bought this for our daughter , who is now 5 . It has been wonderful !! My 3 year old son is now using it . We just ordered another for the second bathroom in our house . The best part is this seat fits , and we mean really fits , on all sized toilet seats . We move frequently , and never realized how many different sizes and shapes toilet seats actually come in . BRAVO Baby Bjorn !!
 my son tried the peter potty pop top and the pee guard on that is not very good for a boy . this trainer seat is awesome , my son has no problem with it . the seat adjusts to fit all different sized toilets and the guard is nice and high . easy to clean as well .
 I love this toilet seat ! It is very easy to clean and fits really well on my oblong toilet seat . It does n't wiggle or slip out from under my toddlers . This is the 3rd seat I have purchased and it may be the last . Thanks !
 This seat is the perfect size for my 2 + year old son . I purchased the Baby Bjorn step stool too , so he is a `` BIG BOY '' because he can go to the potty all by himself . His behind fits snuggly on the seat , while his , well you know , stays in the toilet thanks to the splash guard in front .
 We had a really hard time finding a seat that actually fit our son . By no means is he a large child , but apparently it is too much to ask for him to be able to use the bathroom -LRB- # 1 or # 2 -RRB- without having to move forward or backward on the seat.Thankfully , this seat has a large enough hole that my 2 year old can comfortably sit without having to adjust .
 This seat worked perfectly for my 2.5 y.o. son . He is a big guy and the other seats were just to small for his frame . Also I have the oval toilet seats throughout my home and it fits perfectly . I have the BabyBjorn potty chair and now the trainer seat has just made our family so happy !
 My son has been using a trainer potty , but if I never have to wipe one of those out again it will be too soon . Borrowed another type of toilet-mount seat , but it slipped around and pinched his legs . Then I came across this one , and it is THE BEST !! I never knew I could get excited about a toilet seat , but this has really made my life easier .
 I have two of these . One for home one for Nana 's house . My son feels comfortable on it . It is sturdy and easy to clean . No creases for urine to get stuck in . No removable pieces.For now , my son straddles the seat and puts his hands on the raised area in the front meant for catching little boy 's stream . This position allows him to lean forward and get everything in the water .
 I know this is a more costly seat , but save yourself the hassle of your poor little one falling into the toilette because of an ill-fitting seat . My toilettes are oval , and the cheaper seats were just so unstable , this one is great ! It adjusts to the width of the potty , definitely worth the money !!!
 I bought this for my 2-year-old grandson who is just ready for potty training . I chose this one because of the excellent reviews and the brand name . It 's perfect ! It has a knob on the back that can be turned so that it fits exactly over the regular toilet seat firmly . We hang it on the wall right next to the toilet so it 's ready at a moment 's need , and when a little guy has to go , the seat needs to be ready right away ! And this seat is perfectly formed so that a little person 's bottom is cradled with room for the little fountain that we hope will ensue . :-RRB- We looked at other brands and tried some , but were unhappy with them all . Either the seat wiggled , or was made of a material that would absorb the smell that we want to flush , or the front was too low or uncomfortable for a little boy . Buy this -- well worth your money !
 Fits the toilet perfectly with the adjustment dial . I have a boy and all the pee stays in the potty . It is worth the money .
 I have tried several toilet seats and none seemed to work . This Babybjorn worked well . The raised area in the front could be a little taller but it is much better than the padded and unpadded seats we tried before . Overall this is a great seat with no areas for urine to hide and it 's easy to clean and came with a toilet hanger so it 's not in the way when he 's not using it . My little boy is 2 and can up it on by himself .
 I 've bought several potty training seats , and this is by far the very best out there as far as fit and stability.If I were going to change one thing about it , it would be to make a boy 's version and a girl 's ; the guard in front is pretty unnecessary for our daughter , and it gets in the way of her wiping herself.With that said , I 'm really happy with the way it adjusts to fit the seat and does n't wobble or slide to one side , like other seats I 've tried . It 's also very easy to take on and off the toilet seat so others can use the bathroom with no trouble , thanks to the handle.Don ' t bother with those other seats . This is the one you need .
 I bought that stupid Elmo seat and it does n't work . All of the other seats elevate the kid so that the pee -LRB- if you have a boy -RRB- goes flying across the room . This is the only ergonomically designed seat I 've found that allows the body to sink low , and it 's worth the ridiculous price in the end . Do n't waste your time or money on anything else .
 It 's hard to get excited about a potty seat , but my toddler loves this one . We keep the BabyBjorn Toilet Trainer on a low hook next to the toilet for him to grab . He can carry it by the little rubber handle and -LRB- with some help -RRB- put it on the seat . I 've already adjusted the potty seat to fit our elongated toilet . It fits nice and snug on top of the toilet seat with no rocking or tipping , and my son sits on it quite well with no danger of falling in or off it -LRB- he 's almost 2 but he 's big for his age -RRB- . It fits round toilet seats too with just a turn of the dial , which makes it great for travel . I wish it came with a travel bag/carrier of some sort . -LRB- I 'll have to make my own travel potty kit
 We purchased this toilet trainer because of its elongated hole . The regular potties have such a small , circular hole that my son did n't fit well on it . Also , the splash guard is higher than on most potties , which is excellent for boys .
 This is by far the best potty seat for toilets on the market ! I 've tried several others , and this is far superior to any others . Since it is adjustable , this potty seat does n't shift at all when put on the toilet seat.The sit down Baby Bjorn potty is also wonderful . For potty training , we 're only going with Baby Bjorn products from now on !
 My son has been using this seat for about a month after graduating from the BabyBjorn Little Potty . This is a fantastic seat for many reasons :1 . It has an adjustment dial to make it fit securely on most size toilet seats . This seat does n't slide around , unlike the padded seats without any adjustment , so my baby feels more secure while he is sitting on it .2 . It is one piece of molded plastic , so there are no crevices to collect anything and no need to take it apart to wash the inside ... just rinse or wipe with a disinfectant wipe .3 . The front shield is high enough to prevent any overspray from my son .4 . The seat is compact enough that we have packed it in our carry-on luggage when we travel
 We are in the earlier stages of potty training our 3 year old son and are still becoming familiar with all of the potty training accoutrements that are out there these days . I purchased another brand of toilet trainer , because it appeared to have a lot of extra padding , and although it was n't horrible , I could tell that my son just was n't comfortable when sitting on the `` big boy potty '' . We all know that potty training requires a lot of patience for both the trainer and the trainee , and comfort is key ! My husband came home with this Baby Bjorn trainer and it has worked beautifully . It has a snug fit on the toilet seat -LRB- and the fit is adjustable -RRB- , and is nicely contoured so that my son has the needed support to sit comfortably -LRB- and more patiently -RRB- on the potty . Although it is made of a harder plastic , it still seems to be more comfortable than the more padded versions that we were using . And with a boy , the built in guard has also come in handy .
 We had the Baby Bjorn LITTLE potty chair that sat on the floor and used this with our son from the time he was under a year old until about a week or so ago -LRB- when he turned two -RRB- . It worked great for infant potty training , but he was getting big for it and we were having trouble with messes on the floor from misguided actions.This Baby Bjorn toilet ring works great ! I love how it is adjustable . We have a round toilet seat and this adjusted easily to fit perfectly ! It does n't move around at all when it is in place on the seat . I have had NO trouble with his pee spraying out and making a mess , though I can see that IF he leaned back , the potential is there -LRB- but what chair is that NOT true about ? Just teach him that this is not a lounge chair ! -RRB- . This seat is also great as it has encouraged our son 's independence . He now wants to push the stool over to the toilet and climb up himself and try to do it all by himself . This seat was a good buy and worth the money .
 This seat is amazing ! My 15 month old daughter peed on it the first time she sat on it . We got the smart potty and she was sort of uneasy about it . The minute she sat on this seat she got the biggest smile on her face . It is so super easy to install and does n't wiggle a bit . It is n't extra colorful and flashy so my daughter feels like she 's really using the big girl potty just like mommy . I have seen a couple of complaints about leakage between this seat and the toilet seat . This does not happen if it 's installed correctly with the wings clamped under the seat .
 My 3 years old son loves it . It 's comfortable and I love how you can tighten it to the toilet so it wo n't move .
 I was n't sure if I 'd like this hard plastic seat , having used a padded one with my first child . But this is a really wonderful potty seat . It it easy enough to use that my two and a half year old can put it on and take it off by herself , and the adjustability means it stays put solidly . You do n't have to tighten it each time you use it - just dial the size to fit your toilet seat and you can take the potty seat off and put it on easily , yet it still really stays put when it 's in use.I had this seat and a Rubbermaid Roughneck -LRB- 9.5 '' high -RRB- step stool upstairs , and a Mommy 's Helper Contoured Cushie Step Up downstairs . I noticed my daughter was going all the way upstairs to use the potty , she preferred the Bjorn so much ! So now we have two Bjorns and the Mommy 's Helper is going to consignment.It 's a nice bonus feature to have the hanging loop . I put a Command hook on the bathroom wall , and my daughter takes the seat off and hangs it up when she 's done .
 I am a first time Mom so I have n't tried out other toilet training products . With that being said , I am very pleased with this purchase . The rubber strip that surrounds the entire seat keeps it securely in place . My daughter easily places and removes the seat using the attached handle . Also , she seems very comfortable when she is sitting on it ... she took to it right away . The adjustment on the bottom of the seat has proven useful . We have different shaped toilet seats in our bathrooms and this training seat can be adjusted to fit no matter which bathroom she is using it in . Very well thought-out design .
 My three year old told me `` this is the best , that one -LRB- pointing to her old one -RRB- is not good '' . In fact , this toilet trainer is wonderful .
 Seat works well , adjustable & fits our toilet well -LRB- standard seat -RRB- . Stays in place well , and my baby can sit on it himself -LRB- he is 5 months old -RRB- . We 've been using it since he was 3 or 4 months , and it worked well then too .
 We 've tried several different potty seats and this is the best by far :1 -RRB- Fairly easy to clean , integrated design . Love that it wipes clean if it gets messy2 -RRB- Built in pee guard for boys ... We had another seat with a snap on attachment , and of course it got lost while our daughter was using it .3 -RRB- very sturdy and stable on toilet . This seat positively sits on the toilet , and my son is comfortable on it for even long periods of timeWe tried the soft plastic ones , and ironically he complained a lot more about those being uncomfortable than this one . Highly recommended !
 I ca n't say enough good things about it . I love that it adjusts to fit your toilet seat - round or oval . Many of the other seats only fit round toilets so this one is great . And you can easily take it with you wherever you go . I would highly recommend this to anyone . I bought another one to keep at Granny 's house too !
 Our little boy loves this seat . It fits on our long toilet perfectly . Its lightweight and easy for him to bring to me when he is interested . Easy to disinfect and hangs on the bathroom door closet handle .
 This is a great trainer , my sons loves it and asks to use it . It adjusts easily to fit any toilet seat and stays fairly snug once installed . The bump on the front is very nice as well ; it helps keep it in . I must say though , the best part about this seat is that it is NOT made in China but in Sweden . A definite plus for me .
 I was skeptical about buying such an expensive potty seat -LRB- I previously bought the $ 10 seats that slip around all the time -RRB- . I started toilet training my 2.5 yr old son and he immediately felt comfortable on this seat . It stays put even when we do n't have time to tighten the ring all the way . He felt confident on it and and could easily get on/off by himself after 2 weeks of steady use . This seat is completely worth the money , imo , since it relieved some of my stress about how the training process would go . Awesome product .
 We got this seat because my daughter would n't sit on her other potty seat , which did not sit on the toilet . Once we got it she immediately wanted to sit on the toilet and read books and it 's been a great start to our potty training adventures ! I highly recommend it .
 This is the very best potty seat ! I wish I 'd had it when my younger boys were potty training . I love how it has an adjustment on the bottom so it can fit any kind of toilet seat . No worries about my son slipping & falling in the potty . Yes , it 's $ $ $ but so very worth it .
 We started with the seats that mount to the toilet . They were ok but this is so much more sturdy . The molded shape lets me feel like my 2 year old daughter is stable on the seat . They also pop out easily , with a pressure fit and easily adjustable dial . I 'm a big fan and if you have any hesitation , do n't . This is a simple , no-fuss quality product .
 I would have given this product 5 stars for design , comfort and ease of use but quality was a big issue . As most moms who are potty training know , it 's kind of messy . I was wiping down the potty seat with a Lysol wipe and the oval handle at the back of the potty seat cracked along the plastic edge . The potty seat can still be used , but it was disappointing considering the price . I probably would n't let this discourage me from purchasing the product . It 's a great design that can be used easily and makes the potty look more comfortable for little ones .
 My son is 3 years old and I potty trained him in 1 day . I purchased this toilet seat along with a potty book for boys -LRB- and no potty -RRB- . He learned to go on this by itself , I was amazed at how fast he learned . All I had to do was get rid of the diapers and buy him big boy underwear to start the potty journey . It took a day of `` accidents '' , but it was well worth it . This toilet seat is versatile and you can take it along anywhere you go ! I highly recommend it -- no need for a potty either :-RRB- .
 I purchased this potty seat for my 3 year old little boy to move him from his `` little potty '' to the standard one . It has been a great purchase . There are no areas that can not be cleaned and it is dishwasher safe . I put up a hook to hang it on and it stores discreetly out of site while still being accessible to my little boy . The adjustable feature makes it a secure fit on the toilet and does not allow it to slip as my son is climbing up . I would very highly recommend this seat , it is worth the higher price just to have something that can be cleaned so thoroughly , not to mention that it is highly functional .
 This potty works just as described and has been very easy to use . My only complaint is that for a little boy you do have to be sure to push his privates as downward as possible because the bump at the front is not that high . Once I did not do this and had pee going everywhere .
 I would buy another one . Perfect fit for boys . Big enough to keep everything in the potty but small enough for him to feel comfortable . Worth the price : -RRB-
 Great , has a turn-dial on the underside that widens or narrows to fit your toilet seat . I have a standard , small toilet and it fits with the dial in the narrowest position . THE BEST THING IS
 I purchased this seat 4 months ago and it has been great ! It appears to be well made and I 'm sure it will last a long time . I love the simple white color so it blends in with the regular toilet seat . It fit 's securely on each toilet I have tried it on . Adjusting the seat to fit any toilet is very easy . It is smooth and easy to clean . This seat is a great purchase because you 'll need a training seat anyway and you can just skip the separate little potty completely . It 's so much more convenient to just flush everything away . My 17 month old daughter seems to feel very comfortable and secure on this seat , yet it has a large enough opening so I 'm sure she will use it for a long time . Going straight to a seat like this , especially plain white with no cartoons or colors makes a regular toilet not seem scary . My daughter will use the toilet in a public restroom with no fear . This is a good high quality toilet training seat and I 've been very pleased with it !
 This seat has worked very well for our 25-month-old boy . Very easy to use and clean , and also easy to remove and replace to allow adults to use the toilet . One caution
 I think you have to like this toilet trainer . It 's comfortable , reliable and easy to clean . This is a better model than many alternatives .
 This is a very well-designed potty seat : - Our toddler thinks it 's very comfortable . - The rubber rim prevents it from slipping . - The sizing mechanism is simple to use , takes only a few seconds to get adjusted to virtually any toilet , and holds on very securely . - The handle is useful for carrying or hanging the seat . - Overall , seems to be very durable.The only downside is that it is n't exactly tiny . It 's a couple of inches narrower and shorter than a typical toilet seat , and is roughly 3 or 4 inches thick at its thickest point , making it awkward to place in a diaper bag . It 's hard to imagine any way this problem could be eliminated , however .
 after my son tumbled off the potty with the old seat we purchased this adjustable one . It 's terrific , does n't budge and has a little guard that works ok . Perfect , highly recommend .
 Read reviews on what seemed like hundreds of various products and decided to try this one out after reading the good reviews . Well , i am glad i did my research . When your choosing something that you know will get messy but you will need often ... think simple and this little product is just that . Its very well designed for quick installation and no worries on it moving around , the rubber edge grips well . When you need to clean it , throw it in the shower spray it down with some bleach and voila ready for another go . If your on the market for a good product this is it .
 We ordered this seat for our daughter after she liked the one her cousins had . It is a great size for a little two-year-old learning to sit on the toilet . The front part can get a little messy if they scoot forward after using the bathroom , but the surface is very easy to clean . This is a great little seat .
 I bought this for my kids as part of their training to transition to a normal toilet . They used to get worried of falling into a adult toilet -LRB- some reason refused to use the kiddie pot - trying to ape parents ? -RRB- . this worked wonderfully and they enjoy using it as it makes them feel ` big ' like an adult . There is a an adjustment screw at the rear of the seat to allow it to fit snuggly to any shape of the toilet seat & prevent it from slipping . Thus quite useful for us.Now if it could also clean the bums as well ... haha
 This is great seta , for us , and my son . I love it because it stays put on the toilet , and eliminates cleaning out a little potty . My son loves it because it fits him and he can use the `` big potty '' . He has a little potty too , and he most always chooses this instead . I also like that it is small enough to travel with easily -LRB- stuff it in your diaper bag and fear not public bathrooms ! -RRB- .
 Have two of these -LRB- one for upstairs , one for down -RRB- as well as the Baby Bjorn freestanding potty . With a step stool , my 2 year old can put this on the toilet herself and get up onto it . Love the little potty as well , but obviously prefer that there is no clean up required with the seat toppers . Fits all three of our toilets perfectly and very comfortable for our child .
 I have yet to try a Baby Bjorn product that I do n't love . They consistently produce smart products for kids that are made at top quality . I read most of the reviews on this seat before buying it , and here are the things that stand out to me after using it for a couple of months :1 . It looks great . The white is clean-looking and fits in in any bathroom without looking gawdy . In addition , it 's not `` dated '' with any particular character -- I 'll be able to use this same seat for subsequent children -LRB- boy or girl -RRB- without any problem .2 . It FITS ! Granted , I 've only tried it on the toilets in my house -LRB- elongated seats -RRB- , but the adjustable wheel on the back of the seat means that it will fit snugly and not slip around if a wiggly , squirmy child is on top of it .3 . It 's so easy to clean . I do n't care how hard you try , or how well designed you think a potty seat is designed , it WILL get pee on it . Fact of life . The question is , does it wipe clean easily are you left in the bathroom scrubbing with an old toothbrush trying to get into all the cracks , nooks , and crannies ? The Baby Bjorn seat , with its simple , all-in-one design is easy to keep clean by wiping with a little toilet paper , and then disinfecting as often as you like with a disinfectant wipe . On a side note , sometimes we wind up with pee on the regular toilet seat -LRB- from splashing underneath the Baby Bjorn seat -RRB- and sometimes we do n't . I 'm not sure there 's ANY potty seat out there that will guarantee you never ever have to wipe up pee . We 're talking about toddlers/preschoolers here ... there will be some pee to wipe up from time to time . Again , I do n't see it as a flaw with this seat , because I 've yet to find any other seat that does any better .4 . It 's a great design for kids . My son sits comfortably now , and has room to grow -LRB- we started potty training around 20 months -RRB- . No , he ca n't get up and down by himself , but neither would I want him to at this age . As he gets older and better able to use the potty by himself , he 'll also be getting bigger and better able to get up and down by himself . I do n't see the problem with this -LRB- even though others have complained -RRB- .
 Have been using this toilet trainer for several weeks to toilet train a toddler . Item arrived exactly as pictured/described . Fits on toilet seat well and nice to be able to adjust it to different size seats . The child is comfortable on the seat , and the seat does n't wiggle around when the child gets on/off . I was also considering the Prince Lionheart toilet trainer seat , but am very happy I got the Baby Bjorn .
 I bought this potty seat b/c of the great reviews it had received . And I must say ; I agree ! We are still in the early stages of potty training for my 2 year old -- but this one is the right toilet fit , right size hole and has the very needed splash gaurd . I had first bought the safety first version and my son didnt even fit on the seat - it was way too small circle . Try this out - its worth the price !
 I originally bought the arm and hammer seat , because it was less expensive , however it did not fit on our toilet . This potty seat fits on all the toilets in our house , and will be fantastic to bring with us on trips if we have to , because we wo n't have to worry about it fitting -LRB- since it has a dial in the back that expands to fit just about any toilet seat -RRB- . Definitely worth money . I wish I would have just paid the money from the beginning instead of going the cheaper route , but you live and you learn !
 Fits perfectly on our toilet and is easy for our 23-month-old daughter to sit on securely . She can even put it on the toilet herself .
 Have n't had the opportunity to need this yet as we are still utilizing the baby potty seated on the floor as our guy is too little to get on the regular potty yet . However , wanted to get everything together and ready when we will need it . This seat is very well made and really like that it is all one piece so there is no need to worry about bacteria collecting around a `` snap on '' deflector -LRB- for boys -RRB- . Purchased 2 of these , one for myself at my home and one for my daughter and son-in-law at theirs , as they are in the process of potty training our grandson . It was easy to adjust to fit our regular seats , and I now have it on a hook next to the regular potty when the time comes that we are ready to use it . I also purchased the stool and potty book ... and am ready whenever my kiddies are . Highly recommend this seat as it very well made .
 We have now bought 3 , count them 3 , different potty scenarios for our 2-year-old , and this is by far the best . Stays on snugly , prevents leaks well , easy to clean .
 I have three kids and I bought this for my third -LRB- the others were a little old -RRB- . This is a great product , comfortable even though it is not a soft seat . My first 2 were girls and any seat would do but for a boy this is great , no mess .
 We bought our Bjorn seat over 6 months ago from this site . It works great on our elongated Toto seats -LRB- approximately 4-5 years old -RRB- -- it just sits on the Toto seat and the rubber on the Bjorn seat keeps it from sliding around . Just make sure that the adjusters -LRB- manually adjustable -RRB- under the Bjorn seat near the handle are the right width to fit between the sides of the Toto seat . My son -LRB- 3 years old as of yesterday -RRB- can get on and off by himself without the Bjorn seat shifting or sliding -- the slight inward tilt of the Toto seat helps to keep the Bjorn seat extremely stable . The Bjorn seat is extremely comfortable for my boy , and is very easy to clean .
 I initially bought this potty seat based on reviews that said it was good for a boy . It seemed a bit pricey , but was cheaper at amazon.com than anywhere else . My main objective with this was for my son to poop on the toilet . He has constipation issues , so I thought a potty would be easier for him than trying to poop in his diaper . He does what we call a `` poop dance '' so we always know when he has to go . His little bottom fits well on this seat , and he uses it with ease . The shield in front is sufficient . We have not had any accidents yet . Common sense says to keep his boy parts pointed down , though . My son is on the small side , but I think this potty seat will carry him through his training . I like that it is adjustable to fit on all toilets . We are currently using it on an elongated seat . As we are not seriously training yet , he does not get on and off the toilet himself . He does try to put the potty seat on the toilet himself , though . All in all , I highly recommend this product . It is easy to clean and sleek/contemporary looking . A lot more expensive than the $ 8 potty rings , but worth it for the comfort of the kid and the fit on the toilet . I have just ordered a second one , and will most likely be taking it on vacation with us .
 I have a long toilet top at home and it fits perfect . I even Bring it with me to stores and it fits on those toilets to . I taught my son to push/move his privates downward so urine goes into the toilet , so there is no mess while sitting . Just FYI from another review . This item is sturdy , easy to clean and great to take with you when you are not at home .
 There is a reason this item gets so many 5-Star reviews . With twins , we bought two , along with the matching step stools so that we could have them in both bathrooms . These seats fit both toilet seats snugly , yet are easy to remove for the adults . This product is a big winner !
 I recommend this potty seat to all the mom 's I know . We had a different brand one before buying this seat and it pinched my sons private parts . This seat is all one piece and is easy for my son to put on and take off the potty . It has a wheel that adjust so it can fit in different size toilets . It has a convenient handle for carrying and hanging and is super easy to clean.You can not go wrong with this seat !!
 We are in the process of transitioning our son from a separate little potty to this seat on the big potty . I wish we had known about this seat from the beginning . It really is wonderful and could have worked well with a smaller child . He likes taking it on and off as needed . It has an excellent shield for boys and seems really comfortable for all occasions . It is easy to clean and looks good in the bathroom , too . Our son like the teddy bear on it .
 We bought this for our 6 month old son after he started eating solid foods . We do Elimination Communication -LRB- EC -RRB- , and he 's been using the Baby Bjorn Little Potty since he was 3 months old . Once he started on solids and his poops were larger and less easy to clean , I wanted to graduate him to a toilet insert . This one is perfect . It fits well , is easy to put on and take off , and is easy to clean . He is just as comfortable on it as he was on the Little Potty , and it 's not so large that I worry about him falling in . Highly recommend as the next step after the Little Potty .
 It is well worth the price . I tried other potty chairs and seats but my youngest would only use this one . The quality is far better that the others out there -LRB- It should be for that price !! -RRB- I do n't regret spending the money on it at all . It is easy to use and even my two year old can take it off the toilet and put it back on .
 I have a 3 year old little guy who is totally not into potty training . I bought a trainer at one of our local stores and it was n't stable on the toilette and it was n't big enough . Left ugly red marks on my little ones rear.In order to get him more interested in potty training I decided to try a new approach . We are very happy with this product . I does what it says it does , its easy to attach , easy to remove and it is stable when its on the toilette . Once more it looks like the `` big potty seat '' my little guy enjoys putting it on and taking it off himself . I hung a low hook on the wall so he can also put it away himself . This toilette trainer has made him feel like a big boy . I would recommend this item , expecially to parents of little boys who are perfectly content with diapers .
 Works well and no bells or whistles to distract the child from what they are doing . Easily portable to every bathroom in the house . Make sure you buy a step stool !
 This little seat is very secure - no slipping or moving around on the toilet , yet it is easy to take on and off . It also sits tight enough that nothing leaks between the trainer seat and the toilet seat . Very easy to clean as well . I will warn you that little boys can still `` shoot '' over the small guard . I am careful to position my little boy so that he is slightly leaning forward so that the `` projection path '' is downward . I have tried other seats with larger guards but these seem to sit too close and/or he easily removes them . This seat is a molded plastic and the guard is not removable . Because this guard is not so large it would not get in the way of a little girl using this seat , too .
 I LOVE this potty seat . It 's everything this mom-germ-freak wanted ! It 's super easy to clean , easy to take with to public restrooms and BEST of all , there is no little `` boy guard '' to fall into the toilet !!!!!! I have had almost every little potty device with my older 3 kids , but nothing stood up and was easy to clean - sure one potty seat was nice and cushy but with it not being one piece like this seat , urine would get in between the plastic - YUCK!It can fit my tall 4 year old boy and my tiny , pint sized 2 year old perfect !! I wish I would have had this starting with my first child !
 This potty seat is great when you have an elongated toilet seat on the big potty . It tightens to fit any ring , only problem is it does n't stay tightened , you have to keep tightening it every time you put it back on the big potty .
 Is it possible to get excited about a potty seat ? Yes , it is . My 4-year old daughter has been using this seat for four days now and I am thrilled . After owning three other types of seats , I am sold on this Baby Bjorn seat . All of the other seats were so hard to clean and literally collected urine on the underside , it was so gross and impossible to keep clean . The last one I had even leaked the urine onto the adult seat , it was terrible . This Baby Bjorn seat is one-piece and that makes all the difference - there is no where for the urine to collect except inside the potty where it belongs ! The seat fits nice and snug on my round toilet seat as well as the elongated one at my parent 's house - I bought another one for their house . And the bright pink and white seat is too cute . Thank you , thank you for making a decent potty seat that you can keep clean !
 And it 's so easy ! It stores under the cabinet and my son pulls it out and uses the bjorn step stool to climb on the potty . He has no problem placing this on the toilet . It cleans super easily too . Just wipes down . HIGHLY recommended !
 I was skeptical given the price of this product -LRB- and since I needed 2 -RRB- but I went ahead and bought them since all the reviews were so great . I have to completely agree ! It fits perfectly in the toilet , is easy for my son to put on and take off -LRB- he 's 2 -RRB- , the size is perfect that he does n't have to worry about falling in the toilet , and the little splashguard on the front is a life-saver -LRB- or should I say floor-saver ? -RRB- I VERY HIGHLY recommend this product , and given that I was so skeptical , I takes a lot for me to say that !!! Worth the expense !!!
 Wow ! We have had this for two weeks and she is potty trained . We had tried everything , but this was the one .
 My son is almost three , and big for his age -LRB- 38 lbs , 37.5 inches -RRB- , and we 've had trouble with all of the other potty seats we used , as the potty guard was not nearly large enough . This one is great ! It cleans easily , fits the toilet snugly , seems comfortable enough for my son , and , best of all , actually has a potty guard large enough to work -LRB- most of the time ! -RRB- . In fact , we 've liked it so well that we 're getting a second one for the upstairs bathroom . Although this is expensive , it was definitely worth the money , in my view . I 'm not sure that it would be as necessary for a girl . -LRB- A side note , we 've also used the Baby Bjorn potty chair -- it was one of the only potty chairs large enough for my son to use comfortably -RRB- .
 So secure ~ truly fits any toilet so snug with its unique adjustable `` arms '' undearneath . You would never have to worry about your child falling in or it coming off like so many others once you fit it to your seat which takes about 2 seconds and is soo simple . Love it !!! Thanks for a great product !
 This product is very simple and easy to use . Like all the babybjorn items the construction is simple yet meaningful , without the useless complexities . It 's a bit pricey , but very effective . Worth the money .
 I was somewhat skeptical of potty seats as the ones we 've owned slide all over the place.This seat is super comfy , no pinching , no crevices for the pee to get into , 1 piece molded plastic , easy wipedown if needed . Super easy to adjust and it FITS tightly to the seat , no sliding at all . Comes off with one hand , my son can do it . Seat has large enough hole that things are comfy for my little guy . We also own the Bjorn potty chair and it 's just as great . Both have alot bigger opening than most potty seats and chairs , so they work well for older kids too .
 This seat is worth the money , particularly for little boys who need a decent splashguard . I purchased cheaper seats that were two piece construction with minimal guards that were a nightmare to use . With two piece construction , urine often would find its way between the two pieces creating a horrible mess . With this seat that is not an issue and it 's easy to clean . With potty seats you get what you pay for . Pay the extra $ 10 for this seat and you 'll have a high quality , durable seat that is easy for your little man to use .
 A little overpriced , but better then any other I have seen before . Deffinitly better then soft ones .
 This is an awesome potty chair . It fits on the toilet perfectly , is very secure , and the guard keeps all things yellow in check ! It seems very comfortable for my son too . I love anything BabyBjorn !
 My son first used this in Sweden and I had to purchase it since he was very comfortable using it . Easy to use and easy to clean .
 Highly recommend this toilet seat , it 's a little more pricey , but worth it . First bought the cheap kind and then ended up buying this seat anyways . The seat attaches easily to any toilet seat . Very sturdy , no sliding around or coming lose . I was finally convinced when I saw how excited the kids at the home daycare where to use it , I also purchased the matching step . My little girl is almost obsessed with potty training and we just leave the bathroom door open and she can use it herself with very little help . Of course we spend a lot of time reading books while she sitting on her throne , with great success by the way .
 Excellent Toilet training seat . My daughter is able to sit on her own and the seat remains in place . We had an extra long toilet seat and this one fits like a charm . The only con is the price , it is three times more expensive than regular toilet training seats .
 This seat meets the needs of my son in all of our toilets - from the round bowls that are nearly 100 years old to the new enlongated bowl we just had installed.Its stability was key for my son , who found the rocking of other seats to be an impediment to using the toilet . Potty training is hard enough , without feeling like your seat might slip!The seat is perfect for a little boy just learning to use the toilet , but large enough for a small adult to sit on as well - a key advantage when all the toilets in the house must be so equipped day and night.Excellent for all ages of children who need to use toilets with seats that are too big for their little bottoms .
 This was much better than the Munchkins brand seat I bought first . It did n't really fit on the seat right so it did n't get used . This fits perfectly and is easy to clean .
 I bought 2 of Babybjorn toilet trainers since my daughter was one and a half years old . They are great . My daughter love them . They are very stable on the regular toilet , unlike some other brands . The locks work very well , just a little difficult to clean . I just bought the pink one to put at her grandma 's house . It 's very cute .
 This has been one of the best of the baby/toddler items I have ever purchased ! We have one for each bathroom and could n't live without it !
 I really enjoy this product and I am going to buy another one for my other bathroom . it is easy to install and really sturdy . It cuts out the step of training from floor potty to toilet . It is the perfect size for little bums so they do n't fall in the toilet . -LRB- my son is really skinny -RRB- its easy to hang and if you want you can put it in an extra large Ziploc and take it with you when you have to go out in case you need to use a public toilet . great product and totally worth the price !
 We just potty trained our daughter 2 weeks ago , and having her sit on the big potty has been a challenge . We 'd much rather her to her business on a real potty than the plastic Baby Bjorn potties that we also have.This device is simply fantastic . What you would expect from Baby Bjorn . Well priced , well made , and very functional .
 Wish I would have bought this at the start of potty training . I thought I would try one of the cheap ones !!! Do n't make the same mistake I did . Just fork out the cash up front . Totally worth every penny !!! Ca n't say the cheap one was worth a dime !!!
 The Baby Bjorn potty seat is super easy to use - just stick it right on the seat and turn the dial to tighten or loosen . It works perfectly with our elongated toilet . Our 2-year old son uses it with ease and is perfectly content to sit there for a long time - sometimes longer than I want him to - he 's happy just hanging out on there reading his books . That said , I do notice that his bum is red when he gets off , which makes me wish the seat were cushy . However , he does not seem uncomfortable sitting on the seat at all and will sit there for 20 minutes sometimes . So , I guess he is comfortable and whatever is causing the redness does n't bother him .
 I first bought a First Year training seat for my 2-year old boy . Whenever my boy moves on the seat , it moves . A few times my boy would have fallen off the seat if I was not there holding him . Also the front was not high enough for a boy . BabyBjorn seat is secure on the toilet . My boy seems very comfortable on it . The front has the right height so my boy has stopped using his hand to help himself pee .
 This potty seat is amazing ! My two year old son just toilet trained this week . We have the Bjorn toilet and the toilet seat . We took the toilet seat to a baseball game -LRB- fits into a backpack -RRB- and he used it four times ! Now he just wants to use the toilet seat a home . I suggest getting the step stool too , it is very sturdy and makes getting up onto the toilet easier . Great buy ! -LRB- I am buying another one for grandmas house -RRB-
 The curve fits little kid 's bottom well . Kids can put the seat on and off by themselves . Works well with boys and girls .
 I read the reviews of the many , many potty seats out there before I bought this one . It was the ONLY one with good reviews and figured that was my best bet . I could n't be happier . It fits on the elongated toilet seat which apparently others do not . -LRB- Apparently Baby Bjorn also makes one that is rounder and I saw people complaining about those not fitting . I think you just need to make sure to buy the one with the longer depth if you 're looking for the elongated fit . -RRB- My daughter has no problems using it and has already started going potty in it . Very easy to use and transport and just a great fit for us .
 This is a great product for even the most difficult little potty trainee . We bought one just for car trips because our kid will use a public toilet with this seat attached but will not use portable potty
 This potty seat has absolutely no rough edges . It keeps my skinny 19-mo-old on the seat comfortably . It is made of smooth plastic with an adjustable wheel underneath that allows bottom paddles to extend outward to sit tightly against any toilet seat . It has no fabric , so it 's easy to wash with soap and hot water in the tub if needed . It is definitely worth the $ $ for a seat that will last through kids and grandkids . If anything , I wish they 'd put handles on the side -- to hold onto and to prop up books : - -RRB-
 I bought two of these for potty training my son since I was NOT cleaning out a typical potty . This potty seat did the trick for both of us ! My son was absolutely comfortable sitting on a regular sized potty with this seat and I had no messes to clean up after every bathroom trip . It fits nicely into our current toilet seats and adjusts easily to other seats when we travel . Six months later , my son is comfortable enough with regular toilets not to use this seat . I would absolutely buy this again or give it as a gift .
 This has been very easy for my son to use . It does n't wobble on the seat so he feels secure . A tall stool makes it easy for him to toilet independently . He started using the separate toilet seat at around 20 months and had success using this seat independently -LRB- as a transition to no seat at all -RRB- at around 30 months . Highly recommended as a transition from a separate potty chair to the toilet . Also great to bring along for trips .
 There is not better toilet seat for toddlers !! We have one in every bathroom . Easy for the boys to put on themselves . The most stable seat available .
 I wish I had found this months ago , this is the 3rd potty seat that we have tried and the only one that my son will sit on for longer than a few minutes , he will sit on it and read books while trying to go potty . It fits snugly on our toilets . The price is high but well worth it , I have bought a second for our upstairs bathroom . Highly recommended !
 Wish I had bought this sooner ! It was not available at my local retailer , so I bought a `` character '' seat that was available . The `` character '' seat slides around on the toilet seat and is not safe and does not feel secure for my daughter . The Baby Bjorn attaches easily and securely , and also removes easily from my elongated -LRB- vs. round -RRB- toilet . Although the Bjorn costs more than my initial one , it is well worth it .
 This has been a great for our son . We are looking forward to using it with our daughter . No nasty cleanup . We just clean it when the clear the toilt . The only downside is that I wish that I had 2
 My daughter was 4.5 yrs and still refused to go on the potty ! Initially we tried the cushiony seat that just moved all over the place . I finally figured out that she had this huge fear of falling in the toilet . I let her know I was buying a seat that would never let her fall in . We anxiously awaited it 's arrival . Two days after receiving this Baby Bjorn seat , she was fully potty trained and we threw away all the diapers .
 I think this is the best potty because it does not slip off . I have a five year old too so I can just take it off and put back on whenever or you can lock it down but you do not need to . My baby feels safe on it and he likes sitting on it ! Baby Bjorn is a great company with quality products so you will be happy with it !
 This would be the perfect product if it fit our toilet seat . The handle sticks out in the back and bumps up against the toilet seat lid causing an improper fit . I am considering cutting the handle off .
 My son just turned 2 . He is 36 pounds and 35 inches tall . I wanted to get a stand alone potty that could be used anywhere in the house , but I could n't find any seats that he fit on ... by far . If you have a large toddler beware that many of the stand alone potties are tiny!I had no choice but to look for an insert for the regualr adult toilet . The character soft seats were cute , but just one look at them in person and you can tell that the pee would go everywhere but in the toilet . I did n't want to spend the extra money but the Baby Bjorn is very well constructed , especially for boys . The splash guard is built in and tall enough so no pee can escape . When my son used it the pee did hit the guard but then went down into the toilet . A quick rinse and wipe and it was all clean . Other inserts have a clip on splash guard that would be much messier to clean up . It also has a nice handle that is easy to hang on a hook next to the toilet .
 In a move of overzealous anticipation which has become common for me , I bought both this toilet trainer seat and the Bjorn stand alone potty for my daughter when she was 18 months old . Obviously she did n't do much with either , but she liked to sit on the stand alone potty and pretend she was going , or put her stuffed animals on it to make them pee . Fast forward to about a week ago , she just turned 2 in August , and she uses this toilet trainer all the time . For some reason she will not use the stand alone at all . As others have mentioned , she can place it on the toilet herself , which she really enjoys , and even helps me wipe it off after using . Even with a girl , she has managed to pee over the splash guard twice so far , but it is really a small price to pay for how clean and convenient this seat is . Partially it is because she is so fascinated with seeing what is going on that she leans back and the pee goes out , so it is not actually a flaw in design . I love that it fits in my -LRB- formerly -RRB- diaper bag , so she always has a clean toilet seat , even while travelling . I was skeptical of this seat initially , but bought it anyway based on the reviews , and boy am I glad I had this on hand and ready to go , because when the timing is right , it 's right !
 I was so happy to find a toilet trainer that fit my elongated toilet seat . My son is comfortable on it . The open space is large enough for a male child to do number 1 and 2 simultaneously w/out having to adjust his position to ensure pee lands in toilet !
 Very sturdy . Easy to clean . Can be adjusted to fit toilet seat and stays in place . Great item .
 Simple and Elegant in Design.I 've never met a BabyBjorn product that I did n't love.Easy to use , Easy to Clean , the kids gain confidence on the Real Potty and you 're not wiping poop out of a `` bucket '' . It 's worth the extra costs , it 's worth the shipping costs if you ca n't find it near you !
 So easy to put on , use and take off that my two-year-old has no problem doing it by himself . I have an oval , enlongated toilet that we use this seat on . A twist of the dial in back simply adjusts it to fit . There 's no screwing and unscrewing it each time you use it ... just do it once for fit.There 's a different brand at church that has handles , so I thought he 'd miss not having the them to hold onto . He does n't miss them at all . In fact , if you are potty training , it 's best to imitate the really thing anyways . You 're not going to find handles on a public toilet , so why train your kids to get used to them being there?The rubber edge allows it to grip the seat . You put it on there and it 's not going to slip.The gentle contour of the front splash guard makes it a great seat for both boys and girls to use . It does n't get in the way and is still functional.It does what it says and does it well . Very happy with this purchase .
 We 've used several different potties , but this seat for the toilet has just been great . We 've used it in several public restrooms and regularly at home . Our 2-year old son is comfortable using it because it is so solid .
 The raised area in the front helps keep everything going in the right direction for little boys -LRB- and girls -RRB- who sit down to learn . It fits well on the toilet when adjusted -LRB- which is very easy to do -RRB- . This is the second one we purchased and we are thankful for both of them -LRB- one upstairs and one downstairs -RRB- .
 Good fit for my toilet , good for my little girl , two and half years old . Easy to use , although not sure of sterility of adjustment mechanism , but stays in place good . The design is cute also .
 I purchased one of these several months ago in order to transition my son from a potty chair to using the real thing . I love this potty seat ! It fits well all shapes of toilet seats and is secure . The slim design also travels well . My son never feels like he 's going to `` fall in '' . I love this seat so much I 'm going to order a second one for another restroom . Well worth the 25 $ !
 This potty seat fits the toilet securely , unlike the other potty seat we tried -LRB- a Sesame Street one from Target -RRB- . It is secure and the deflector is high enough to actually work . Perfect for little boys -LRB- and I 'm sure girls too -RRB-
 This was a good buy for my 27 mo old stepdaughter who is potty training ! The seat fit well on my standard toilet and did not move or cause messes . She sits comfortably and is able to toilet herself happily and independently ! I put a 3M Command hook next to the toilet and the seat stays there when she 's not using it . When she is ready she easily takes it off and puts it on the toilet herself ! A must buy for all parents potty training and a great alternative to using a floor potty .
 We have an elongated toilet downstairs and a small/standard toilet upstairs and we have one of these seats for each bathroom . They fit perfectly on both . I read another reviewer who put over the door hooks on her water tank which is what I did to hang the seats up between uses and it works perfectly . My kids -LRB- 2 & 5 -RRB- can put the seat on independently which is nice . They are easy to clean and I have no complaints .
 This was in between the bjorn potty and the real toilet and my son really did n't mind using the big toilet with this . He felt very secure . If needed , it 's easy to take on a car trip for other bathrooms .
 this is great , it fits very well on the seat is very solid and not flimsy . It has a hook to hang it up when not in use .
 I did lots of research before buying this seat . At first I wondered why it was about twice the cost of the others out there . After reading LOTS of reviews I decided to take others word for it and paid the money . This works AWESOME , it fits on the toilet perfect with no shifting and I have never had a leak . It comes on and off really easy , my two year old daughter can do it herself now . We purchased the first one in white and then found it in PINK !!! So we sent the white one to Grandma 's and now my daughter feels comfortable there too , so a great thing for Grandma to have as well . I would highly recommend this product so you do n't waste money buying a cheep one then have to purchase a better one .
 Love this seat -LRB- and matching step stool -RRB- ! It was super easy to adjust to our toilet and my 3-year old took to it immediately ; he takes it on and off all by himself . I 've tried several other seats and this one does n't have the nook and crannies that the others have where urine seeps in and makes the whole bathroom smell . Just a quick rinse and it 's good to go again .
 i am using this potty seat for training my 3 yr old son , i must say that is the most practical and user friendly thing i have ever used.its so easy that even my son can put it on the toilet seat when he has to use it . no mess to clean easy to use and carry . its a must buy if you have kids .
 This was the fourth different potty seat we had bought for our granddaughter to use when at our house . She uses a child-sized normal potty at day care . so the regular potties at home can be daunting . This seat is easy to use , comfortable , and easy to clean . She can put it on herself and has no fear of falling into the bowl . I sure wish Baby Bjorn had been around when my kids were little .
 This one is firm and just shaped right for little but . easy to secure position and put away when not in use . And the white color makes it more like a regular toilet bowl so kid wo n't develop preference . sometimes shishi does come out depending on how kids sit .
 Our little one is in the 90 % for height and the little potties just were n't comfortable for her . After careful research , I purchased this potty seat and it was miraculous ! She liked being able to put the seat on the toilet herself and she felt comfortable and secure sitting on it . We 've had the seat for well over a year and it 's still in great condition . We store it between the toilet and the sink when it 's not in use . I 'm an Amazon fanatic and I 've made a few regrettable purchases , but this seat definitely does not fall into that category . Believe me , it works and your child will want to sit on it and go potty . We also purchased a potty chart -LRB- Dora -RRB- and in no time our little one was using the potty on her own ! I must mention that she has an expressive language delay and would rather just go do things independently and that is why I think the seat worked
 I `` splurged '' and bought this potty seat for my 4 year old son . I love the fact that it is plastic , and easy to clean . It adjusts well to the toilet seat , and it stays stationary . The splash guard keeps things where they need to be . :-RRB- The prior potty seat we had had a foam seat that eventually cracked , was difficult to clean , and it did not keep things where they need to be . I so wish I just bought this one the first time around !
 Bought the toilet seat for my 2 year old daughter , and when she saw it we ended up using it right away . She wanted to stay on the seat all day . It 's easy to put on , to clean , and seems very comfy .
 When we started potty-training our 3 year old boy , we were about ready to pull our hair out in frustration with the tools we had on hand . We had received a generic Cars themed potty seat from a relative , but it would wiggle so much on the toilet that we were too nervous to allow our son to get up on the toilet on his own . This bjorn toilet trainer allows you to adjust it to fit your toilet seat so there is NO wiggle room . We 've also liked that it is a simple -LRB- non-flashy -RRB- design , and the splashgaurd in the front wo n't hurt/scrape his little parts.Our son has adjusted well to potty training since we switched to this potty seat ... what a life-saver . One thing that I have noticed -LRB- especially with a boy -RRB- is that when I remove the seat to clean the toilet , that there are dribbles on the toilet seat . For me , the safety of the seat far outweighs a few dribbles that can be easily cleaned up , so I 'm leaving it with a 5-star rating .
 I am very happy with this purchase . We have an elongated toilet seat and this toilet trainer is the only one to fit perfectly . I also like that it is plain white and `` blinds '' in our bathroom.Easy to clean , easy to adjust , easy to put on the toilet and easy to remove.Both my kids love to use it -LRB- 6 year old daughter and 3 year old son -RRB- . Do n't waste your money with other seats , this is the ONE to buy .
 This is amazing ! You do n't need to worry about it slipping/sliding around when your little one is on it . We purchased a cheap one from a discount store and it was an accident waiting to happen.I love it and so does my son .
 I searched for a long time for a seat that would fit on my elongated toilet . This one fits perfectly , without any movement once attached ; it is very secure . If I had n't read another review that said it worked well on theirs , I would n't have bought this , as the product itself only says it is for any `` standard '' toilet . If you 're wondering HOW IT WORKS
 Perfect fit , easy to use , my 3 yr old can place the seat on the toilet himself and can sit on it with the help of a small step stool . We rinse it off and hang it on the back of his bathroom doorknob . The seat does n't wiggle at all , which I could see being a huge issue with some of the other over the toilet seats . Worth the extra money .
 I bought BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer to potty train my son . He likes using it , and the splash guard in the front works . There is an adjustment wheel located at the back of the seat by the handle to adjust the Toile Trainer to the size of the regular toilet seat . We have elongated Kohler toilets and the BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer adjust to fit snugly.The reason I am rating it 4 stars is the adjustment wheel started slipping after a few removal and reinstallations . Now if I have to reinstall the seat , I pre-adjust it and then position it onto the regular toilet seat .
 Perfect fit for both our son and our toilet . Very comfortable for any size child .
 This is a great potty seat ! It fits great to the seat as it adjusts to fit snug . It does n't slide around on the seat like other ones I 've purchased . I love it !
 I have had this potty seat for 10 YEARS , 3 kids -LRB- 2 boys and a girl -RRB- ! It is n't a good seat for early training - for this I recommend the simple Baby Bjorn potty -LRB- which I have also had for 10 yrs -RRB- .
 I own 3 of these between two houses . Our daughter loves this seat and it fits on our toilets quite well . Heck , we 've even forgotten to remove it on occasion and I 've ended up sitting on it myself in the middle of the night . Quite comfy in a surprising kinda way at 2am . LOL ! This is a potty training necessity , buy it ! Buy it now !
 Overall , I 'm very happy with this product . No wonder everybody raves about it!The only feature that needs to be improved are the handles on the sides.This is quite a pricey toilet trainer and it deserves handles .
 I tried many different inserts before purchasing this one -LRB- munchkin , dora -RRB- . This is the only one that actually fits the seat without moving back and forth . My daughter needs ZERO assistance and I am not afraid of not watching her since it 's so secure !!
 This child 's toilet seat was very easy to place on the toilet from the first time I took it out of the box and it is very easy to remove so adults can use the toilet as well . As a bonus , my daughter , who used to sit too far forward and might pee down the front of the toilet , must sit a little farther back to avoid the bump in the front of the seat . No more messes or accidents ! I like the sanitary handle , too . We would recommend it to anyone !
 I could n't imagine spending $ 30 on a seat adaptor -- so I did n't . I bought a cute character one with handles . It slipped and slided every time my daughter got on it . I bought a soft puffy one with ducks . It was much too high and slipped even more . I bought a stand-alone seat ... she would n't use it . Finally , more than $ 50 later , I bought the $ 30 baby bjorn trainer . It fit perfectly . It did n't slip . It did n't slide . It has a loop at the top to hang it . AWESOME product !! I only wish I had found it first .
 This is a great product . As a first time potty trainer , I bought multiple products to find one that worked . We used this product upstairs & the BabyBjorn potty chair downstairs . My 2 yr old likes this product more than the potty chair , especially when it came time to poo poo . Less mess for everyone . Its hard to get him off the potty now . We liked it so much that we bought a 2nd toilet trainer for downstairs & have put away the potty chair for good .
 Ran into a little problem with our first over-potty seat -- our toddler -LRB- turns 3 this summer -RRB- had outgrown the splatter shield , and with little boys , this was a problem . I needed a new seat that worked for him , provided stability , and did n't require a separate potty -LRB- since emptying and cleaning the separate potty got to be a pain with his older brother -RRB- . Ordered this , and have been very pleased with the result . Our son -LRB- who is in the final stages of potty training and wants to be very independent -RRB- is able to put it on and take it off the potty all by himself , it fits snugly and securely , and it is extremely adjustable . Seat has the standard opening for taking care of business , but also 1-2 inches of additional `` supported depression '' around that for settling in little bottoms . We 're very pleased , but more importantly , so is he !
 I have a little boy and this was perfect for him . It 's very secure , does n't slip around the toliet seat , which could result in a very painful pinch for a little boy.I highly recommend this seat , and I 'm keeping it for round two , which says a lot because I always hand down his things to others .
 This seat works very well . My son feels secure on it and it is EASY to use . Highly recommended !
 Love the seat . It just did n't fit onto the toilet that we intended it for . It does work well on the others in the house , so we 're keeping it . FYI - the one that it does not fit onto is a round slow-closing seat -LRB- Bemis brand , I think -RRB- . Two problems - the back of the seat curves up , so the training seat can not sit flat . There is also little or no space at the hinge area between the lid and the seat , thus no space for the back end of the training seat to go .
 Great product , I 've purchased 2 , one for the baby 's home and one for our -LRB- grandparents -RRB- home . We recommend it highly .
 I have personally bought and tried several potty seats , and this is the best out there for an 18 month old boy + . It has a nice subtle design , strong and clamps onto the toilet so that it does n't move all over when the kid climbs onto the potty alone . The rise to catch urine for a boy is contoured and not scary to them unlike other seats that have a cup attachment that clips on . I have recommended this to many people and continue to do so . We are still using it and it has been 8 months !
 I bought the red/white one for my son 1.5 years ago -LRB- he 's 3 now -RRB- when he started potty training , after having purchased and returned many other brands that simply did not stay put on our TOTO elongated toilet seat . I just made sure that the `` paddles '' underneath this Baby Bjorn seat are out of the way , placed it on top of the TOTO seat , and there it stayed , without slipping at all . I do n't even use those `` paddles '' to grip the toilet seat ; the rubber ring around the entire outer edge of the Baby Bjorn seat sufficiently holds it in place . I then purchased additional ones to keep at my in-laws ' and parents ' places -LRB- they have different brand toilets , but this works just as well on those -RRB- , so that their other grand-toddlers and my kids can use it when visiting . It 's one piece , and no cushion , so it 's super-easy to clean . The seat and hole are big enough for my son to continue using it for a little while longer . This is definitely worth every penny .
 Loved it , fit the oblong seat , carry it with us to daycare every morning so he 's more comfortable to use the toilet there , has a great little ` bump ' in the front that acts as a liquid shield , great product !
 I bought this item after reading the reviews for it here on Amazon . I have a less exspensive cushioned princess toilet topper but this Baby Bjorn is SO MUCH better!PROS -- Easily adjustable to fit most -LRB- if not all -RRB- toliet seats.-Snug fit ; does n't wiggle/wobble when climbed onto by my 28lb 2yr old & no worries of her legs/fingers being pinched between the seats.-Ergonomic design ; my daughter seems very comfortable on this seat ; Much more so than the `` cushioned '' one I mentioned prior.-Would work well for girls or boys since it has a high front side which helps to avoid accidents.-Very estically pleasing.-One fluid piece so it is easy to clean ; no grooves , creases , etc. to have to worry about.-Durable ; something I can definitley hold onto for our next baby.CONS-N / A ; -RRB- I would highly recommend this item . It 's worth the extra $ 10 you 'll pay for it over the cheaper ones !
 I am so , so happy with this BabyBjorn Toilet trainer . No other trainer we tried would fit properly on the toilet . They were all very wobbly , and my son would freak out and refuse to use them again . This one not only has the little grippers on it , but it also seems to be a much better fit for the toilet altogether.We are well on our way to potty-training success , and it would n't have happened without this trainer !
 I had first bought a cheaper character potty seat to lay over our adult toilets , thinking that seeing the beloved characters would inspire my daughter to sit on the potty when beginning to train . She did sit on it , but it was VERY unstable . It would slide around our toilet , and often `` stick '' to her when she tried to get up . I always had to be near her to make sure she did n't fall . After reading other parent reviews , we ended up buying this toilet trainer and the babybjorn potty chair , and am very happy with the results . My daughter sat in the potty chair in the beginning and was trained within a week . After about 2 weeks of using the chair , my daughter wanted to sit on the `` big '' potty like her parents and switched to this trainer without any problems . She 's 21/2 and on the taller side -LRB- 38in -RRB- , and fit both the chair and trainer just fine . The trainer stays put on the toilet when my daughter is getting on and off , but is easily removed when adults need it . It 's lightweight and easily transportable -LRB- to grandma 's , etc. -RRB- . the high splashguard keeps pee from spraying out and the whole thing is easy to clean . Very happy with the purchase and wish I had just bought this in the beginning instead of wasting money on the cheaper ones .
 We like simple designs , things that look as normal as possible , considering what it is ! My kid did n't need a pink polka dot toilet seat to want to toilet train , but if that would help yours , by all means get the pink one ! I say whatever makes the process easier is what you should do . That is why I purchased a total of 3 of these when I realized my daughter preferred these to the little stand alone potties . Suddenly it became important to have one on each floor of our house , and one in a travel bag that we keep in the car . We just use a large tote bag when we go out and use this on public toilets , then clorox wipe it down afterwards . From our research , those portable ones are flimsy , often do n't fit correctly , pinch tiny tushies , etc. , etc. . So we 've found this to work well on just about every toilet out there , and it 's reliably sturdy and familiar for our kid to feel at ease whenever and wherever she may need to use it . So with 3 of these items , you could say we are fans .
 hi , after reading over 200 strongly positive reviews on amazon , i brought this last month for my 2 yr old . she wanted to sit on it right away ! she sits there pretty comfortably . . singing , wiggling . . but the potty seat does n't budge . Soooo easy to clean . this is my first potty ring and am so glad i made the right decision :--RRB- . my advise
 I think this seat is just great . My little boy will sit long enough to actually finish his business on this seat . The splash-guard actually works - I do n't have to show him how to point anything downwards . I had a seat by Munchkin that was awful - urine would collect in it and leak even after washing it off , and there was no effective spray-guard . So I got this seat as a replacement . I 'll admit , I was skeptical of the high-price , but it 's worth every penny . My older child had grown out of other seats , but even she can fit on this seat as its design is roomier somehow . So you will get your money 's worth . I ca n't say enough good things about this seat . You wo n't regret it !
 I went through so many potty seats when training my children . For my boy , having the shield build-in was key . At one time , I had one with a removable shield and it kept falling in the toilet . This one also has an adjuster for different sized toilets . It fits long bowls as well as the smaller ones . It was very durable as well .
 Had trouble potty training my 3 year old . He was to tall for his potty chair . This seat is perfect . He climbs up on the seat with no problem . It does n't slip or slide . It 's easy to put on and take off .
 This potty seat -LRB- toilet trainer -RRB- works great for us . It 's the only one we could find that adjusts to fit the toilet seat & stays in place . HIghly recommended !
 BabyBjorn has done it again . We have this potty seat , as well as the little Bjorn potty chair and step stool and we love all three products.The potty seat is comfortable and easy to put on and take off . It looks sleek , unlike those unsightly , bright `` character '' potty seats . As a result , I 'm more willing to keep this seat on the potty all the time , which in turn helps my son get on the toilet faster , which in turn means fewer accidents!At first I was hesitant to spend $ 30 on a potty seat , but now I see this product is worth the money .
 We found this to be an effective and inexpensive option . Our daughter feels secure on it , which is the most important thing , and it 's easy to clean . This actually was our second one , for the downstairs bathroom , after the first one worked so well . Get the stool w / it -- it 's lightweight yet she feels very steady and secure on it , she takes it w / her all over the house .
 Great product , fits perfectly . My son loves to use it and puts it on and takes it off the toilet himself when he needs it .
 Very nice comfortable seat . The adjustment feature is great !
 We are still in the midst of potty training but this by far has the best design . I have a little boy who is tall for his age and the potty chairs frustrate him and he is scared of the splash guards . This `` topper '' with the contoured design for a splash guard is the best I 've seen yet .
 I love this seat because it works on different types of toilets . It does not move around like some of them do . This is the third seat I tried , but just have not been as happy with the other brands . This one is great and worth paying a little more for .
 This seat , along with the matching step stool are great ! My daughter loves having her very own , special toilet seat and step for going potty . It has encouraged her to potty train , it fits the toilet seat nicely , and is easy for her to put on the toilet by herself . I put a suction hanger on the toilet tank and is easily put out of the way when mommy and daddy need to go potty , and she can easily get it and set it up for herself as well .
 We took one of these on a trip to Mexico , to potty train our then 3 year-old in a warm place where he could run around naked . We threw it in a plastic bag and then carried it around at the bottom shelf of a stroller - the stroller folded with the seat still in it when we had to board the airplane . Used it in the airport with great success , and then in the hotel . We started at home about a week before the vacation . By the time we came back our son was potty trained -LRB- for the most part. : -RRB- He is 6 now , and is still using the seat . We have it hanging on the hook next to the toilet , and there is a step stool right there , too , so he 's been completely independent in the bathroom for the last 3 years . He just takes the seat off the hook , settles it down on the toilet and then hangs it back when he is done .
 This is the best potty seat that you can buy . It 's one piece so it easy to clean and if you have a boy it has a great splashguard . Also , I love the handle so that you can hang it on the wall .
 I LOVE THIS . We 've run through several other potty seats that got messy , did n't fit right , etc. . This adjusts to your toilet seat -LRB- we have a larger than standard seat -RRB- , has a ring that kids can hang the potty up with , is easy for them to handle , easy to use , easy to keep clean . I almost did n't purchase this because of the higher selling price , but now I wish I had gotten one sooner . Considering purchasing multiples to keep in various bathrooms . So , so wonderful , encourages autonomy ! I do n't have a single negative comment on this product !
 I bought this for my son after reading the great reviews . It is great ! The only issue is that he had a hard time getting himself on it because the deflector shield is tall , however we started using it when he was 18 months and now he is a little over 2 and can get over it easier . He can pee and it all stays inside the toilet . We also have a oblong toilet seat and it fits snug . My son now knows how to put it on and off by himself . Great product !
 After reading all the good reviews about this , I decided to purchase it for my 1st time potty training experience -LRB- my 21/2 yr old son -RRB- . Though the potty-training is n't going so well , this seat is great ! It fits on our toilet easily and is easy to tighten so it stays put . It 's a great size for him , easy to clean , and he loves the `` teddy bear '' on it . A good buy , a great value . : - -RRB-
 Pros : - My 3 year old is very comfortable with this seat . Another kind he had before would flip and move on the toilet all the time and cleaning was not easy . - With this one , it is easy to clean.-It is also easy to adjust to the toilet , it fits securely , and you can easily remove it from the toilet and put it back on.Cons : - After using this toilet seat for a few weeks , there is one con that bothers me -LRB- however , I still prefer it to the old seat very much -RRB- . The pee guard is not vertically long enough in the down-ward direction . My son sits when he pees and even though he is very good at directing his pee downward , the pee hits the bottom of the guard and splashes under the potty seat onto the toilet seat . I find myself cleaning the toilet seat almost every time after potty time :-RRB- I have searched a lot and even with this mis-design , this seat seems to be one of the best out there .
 I definitely , wholeheartedly recommend the Baby Bjorn toilet seat reducer.This seat is contoured in a way that makes it comfortable to sit on and boy 's pee goes into the toilet.There is a kind-of dial thing at the back that you turn to make the seat fit snugly and securely onto your toilet so it does not shift when your little one is on it.The handle at the back means you can hang it on a little hook if you wanted to stick one of those removable 3M hooks to your wall.I also give bonus points for the colour - white without a licensed TV character in sight : - -RRB-
 My little girl can sit on here just fine and it even fits a German toilet !!!! I am very impressed with the seat itself . I give it 4 stars because I think the price is a little outrageous . I also left a review for the seller , I paid a hefty amount in shipping and it took literally FOREVER to get it here . The matching stool arrived almost 2 weeks before the toilet did .
 the extra stability that this seat gave our son gave him the confidence to use the toilet on his own ! the cheaper seats were a waste of money because they slid around too much . we have two of these seats and they fit on two very differently shaped toilet seats .
 My 3 year old was potty trained at 2 . Then we had a newborn , so he went back into diapers :-LRB- bummer . We tried , and tried , and tried . Nothing worked.Then , slowly , he showed interest again . But now at 3 he is more aware , and his oldDisney Pooh Soft Potty Seatwas not satisfying the royal bum . So he was usingBABYBJ&Ouml;RN Little Potty - Whiteinstead.A quick search on Amazon , and bingo ! BABYBJ&Ouml;RN makes a seat as well ! Had the thing in our house the next day -LRB- thanks Amazon Prime -RRB- and a potty trained kid ever since ! No kidding ! Not even one diaper ! My son even wakes up during the night and goes by himself to use the restroom if needed -LRB- too much watermelon anybody ? -RRB- Buy it ! Do not hesitate anymore .
 We had a hard time finding a toilet trainer that would prevent our little boy from getting pee all over himself and our bathroom . This seat did the trick . It is easy to place on the toilet - our 21/2 year old can do it all by himself . It also seems comfortable to sit on . You do n't have to worry about them falling off as this is a deeply seated toilet trainer . This allowed our little boy to sit confidently on the big toilet without fear of falling off . Overall , an excellect toilet trainer . We bought two for our house and two additional ones for the grandparents ' homes .
 this is a great potty seat . i already had one for upstairs , and bought this one to put in the downstairs bathroom . the adjustable knob makes it secure on the seat , so it does n't slide around , the little rise in the front keeps stuff from splashing out , and i like the clean look of it .
 Not the cheapest but you get what you pay for and this brand is one of the best out there . Easy to install in seconds . All thats left now to do is get our little boy trained . Buying this online at Amazon was the easy part !
 When my daughter first showed an interest in using the toilet , I bought one of those cheap toppers from Walmart . After a couple months I realized that it was starting to fall apart . The handles started to come off and then the seat started to tear exposing the foam on the seat . It was really gross ... Then I realized that I should of invested some money for the Baby Bjorn toilet trainer I originally wanted.My daughter was so excited to use her new toilet trainer when it came in the mail!She ripped the box open and ran to the bathroom to try it out . She loved it so much she would not get off the toilet.I really love the quality of this product.There is no tearing foam or handles that will eventually fall off , cleaning is a breeze , and it adjusts to different toilets . So it 's great to take on vacations ! Oh most importantly since I just had another child she can also use it in the future without it falling apart ! Definitely a good investment !
 My daughter really likes her pink potty seat . It is very comfortable for her as well as easy for her to put on the potty herself which is important to her .
 It 's durable , easy to clean and the kids love it . It does n't take up much space in the tiny bathroom .
 We have a VERY small bathroom ... so no room for a stand alone potty chair . This seat sits right on our toilet seat , which is handy . Our daughter has no fear sitting on her seat !
 I bought this for my 18 mo. old daughter . I also bought the potty chair from babybjorn . While the potty chair is convienent , my daughter seems to like the toilet trainer a little bit more . I like it because it fits on any toilet and is very sturdy . I was not afraid of my daughter falling or being pinched . I would recommend this to anyone !
 This seat has worked great for us . I was looking for a really secure seat for my timid daughter that would also be easy for her to put on the toilet herself . This seat has lived up to my expectations . The only issue I 've had with it is that it did n't fit on my parents toilet , which has a smaller plastic seat .
 They thought about the little things that would make this better than the competition . Kept the price reasonable . Very happy .
 I have a boy and I love this toilet seat . It 's very easy to clean . No weird corners or gaps to clean . The guard works for my boy -LRB- sometimes he did n't want to hold it down and the guard can still catch his urine -RRB- . One of the best feature is their black rim , which can secure a seat -LRB- no shaking or moving seat -RRB- very well . Some of my friends told me their toilet seat swift when their toddler using the toilet , which can scare them . I highly recommand this product !
 I wish I would have bought it a long time ago , instead of trying other unuseable seats -LRB- waste of time and money -RRB- . yes it 's expensive but nothing else works !
 Our daughter has been getting better at warning us when she has to use the potty , thanks to the reliability of this product . As other reviewers have noted , it does not move and is very stable.Pros : - if your child likes pink , your child will like this ! - stable adjustable adapter - easy to clean
 I bought one of the foam ones for my 3 year old . It worked great till it started stinking . I would spray it with bleach and the smell still did n't go away . I found this on Amazon and decided to give it a try . I love it . It is easy to use and stays put . The best thing is that it does n't stink and easy to keep clean .
 I bought this chair after buying to other seats first that my little one did not like at all . After reading the reviews I bought this one and I wish I would of got it sooner instead of spending my money with others that did not work . Very happy and would definately woudl recommend this pruduct .
 This is all around great ! I live in a doublewide , so the seats are a different shape ... and this fit well ! while the potty training process has been a long one this does make the transition an easier one ! I highly recommend this product . . plus , you can take it anywhere !!! hahaha
 Our daughter loves this potty seat . She asks to sit on it every time she walks past the bathroom and will stay on it longer than she will sit still anywhere else in the house . It was so easy to adjust to securely fit our toilet , but also comes off quickly too . The hook allows us to hang it next to the toilet when she is n't using it .
 Bought this as a travel seat even though they have other ones that fold . Am happy we got this on b/c she 's used to the Bjorn little potty . This one was an easy transition to the big potty and she felt secure sitting on it by herself . Takes some room in a suitcase but it 's worth it since it 's an easy transition and she liked it .
 Which just about says it all!This potty seat is easy for my daughter to put on the potty and remove . We have a hook on the wall for hanging it when she 's not using it . She seems to find it comfy to , judging from how long she 's willing to sit there sometimes . And , best of all , it 's relieved her totally valid fears of falling into the big potty , which means a lot less little potty clean-up for us.This is our 3rd potty seat . The other two had soft , foamy seats , which try as we might , we could n't keep clean . We ended up tossing them , as they would eventually begin to smell , and become discolored from the inside out . They always seemed to leave my daughter 's bum with an angry red rash too . So , the absolute best feature of this potty seat is how clean it is , how clean it stays , and how low maintenance it is . We wipe it down occasionally , but its wonderful design keeps it from getting waste on it , and keeps germs from accumulating.Lastly , it 's easy to install for any toilet . We have one in both our bathrooms , and sent one to my daughter 's preschool , so it fits large toilets as well.Despite the higher price , this is an item that will last a long time and function as expected . Ultimately , I believe that makes it worth the extra money .
 Our three year old son is incredibly comfortable using this toilet seat . His fear of falling in is completely quelled . It 's so simple for him to insert and remove as needed . Love the handle on the back . The construction is terrific for boys who want to begin potty training sitting down to pee . No mess !!!
 I have tried several potty seats in the last 3 months in an attempt to find one that actually fits my oval toilet seat but have been unsuccessful until now . Not only does it fit perfectly , it 's also adjustable for a regular round seat as well . It 's VERY easy to adjust just by turning the dial underneath the seat itself and once placed on the toilet it stays put . When you 're ready to remove it , just grab the front and pull straight up . It says it will fit a child up to 5 yrs . old , but I have a 2-1/2 yr . old who is average in weight but very tall in height and I ca n't imagine she 'll be able to use it past 3 or 4 yrs . old .
 We had 2 other seat covers , but they would slide on the toilet seat and the guards were n't large . This seat is like the BMW of toilet seat covers . It seems very comfortable -LRB- not that I 've sat on it myself , but my son can sit for a very long time on it -RRB- , it fits most toilets -LRB- has a little wheel you turn to make the inside part get larger or smaller depending on the size of your toilet , which makes it not move around much -RRB- , and it has a large pee guard . We 've since thrown away the other seat covers and bought a few of these for our house .
 I bought this potty after the insert one that I bought at Burlington did not fit our elongated toilet seat . The Bjorn potty fit perfectly with the adjustment of the dial . My daughter -LRB- 5mo -RRB- , who we are using Elimination Communication with , fits perfectly on the seat and uses it without any problems . I also love the fact that I can hang it up so that it is out of the way but easily accessible .
 i first sat my baby on this when she was about 9 months old , and we 've reduced the number of diapers significantly , with very rare # 2 diapers , woohoo !!! of course i had to hold the baby , but at 11 months , holding is discouraged . there are occasionaly wiping of the front lip , but it seems much less ickier than cleaning out a typical potty.this fits almost all toilets except some smaller-sized apartment toilets , though i was able to place it on the toilet seat without having the trainer fit properly . -LRB- but then if your kid is n't too young , you probably wo n't need a trainer for a small toilet . -RRB- i even take this to other people 's homes and have used it successfully everywhere.i 'm so relieved that my baby cooperated with early potty training , and this product enabled me to accomplish that .
 I bought this for my 8 months old daughter after she had been using the BabyBjorn potty for a month or so . I realised that it was n't much fun cleaning the potty so decided to give this toilet seat a go and it 's been working great for us . My daughter is happy seating on it , it 's small enough for her and it 's very easy to install , put on and take off .
 These are wonderful . They 're lightweight , adjustable to fit any shape of toilet seat , and has a pee-guard molded in as part of the seat so there are no parts to fall off and no seams that will catch yucky stuff in . The smooth plastic is a cinch to keep clean and the molded shape is pretty comfortable -LRB- certainly not any worse than the regular seats that adults sit on -RRB- . My daughter would sometimes sit on these for 15-20 minutes at a time and never complained.I especially liked these because the hole is oval instead of round . The extra length of the hole gave my son the clearance necessary to `` point down '' to pee while sitting to poop . -LRB- The round holes are often too short front-to-back to allow this . -RRB- The molded shape and built-in pee guard was also good for my daughter . With the raised guard in front and a slightly raised back , positioning herself correctly was very natural , like sitting in a shallow saddle . -LRB- With the plain round holes , if you 're sitting even just a bit too far forward , pee goes all over the front of the seat -LRB- and down the legs -RRB- instead of into the toilet . -RRB-
 When I bought this I was just wanting something that did n't leak onto the seat when my son and daughter when pee , and something that does n't slip around . The seat definitely does n't slip around , but it does let pee get on to the seat a little . I 'm still happy with it though . Compared to the one we used to have from Walmart , it does it 's job perfectly -LRB- and it cleans really easily -RRB- .
 This is the best potty seat for boys or girls . It stays in place and is SO MUCH EASIER TO CLEAN than other seats that are n't one piece
 I 'VE BEEN TRYING TO POTTY TRAIN MY ALMOST 3 YR OLD LITTLE BOY SINCE HE WAS 18 MOS . I TRIED SO MANY DIFFERENT POTTY CHAIRS AND EITHER THEY WERE UNCOMFORTABLE FOR HIM OR MADE A MESS WHICH WAS FRUSTRATING FOR BOTH OF US . SINCE HE 'S A BOY , A GUARD IS VERY IMPORTANT . THIS ONE IS PERFECT . I 'VE HAD THIS ABOUT 2 MONTHS AND HE IS DOING GREAT . ITS COMFORTABLE , EASY TO USE AND NO MESSES . I ALSO BOUGHT THE MATCHING STOOL . HE REALLY LIKES THAT AS WELL TO SIT ON HIS POTTY OR WASH HIS HANDS AFTER . I RECOMMEND TO ANYONE .
 This seat is great - it has a mechanism that fits it to your toilet so it wo n't rock or slide and is solid plastic construction , so it wo n't crack like the padded seats do -LRB- will definitely last through my babies and can be passed along in great condition -RRB- . The pee guard does n't work great for my baby yet -LRB- we EC and he 's 13 months and small for his age anyway , so it 'll probably do better as he grows -RRB- . He feels safe on it , though , and can sit independently quite well and is similar in shape and feel to his Baby Bjorn Little Potty , so it works for us !
 I originally wanted this seat , but decided to try a cheaper model . It was awful . We have an elongated toilet and it slid all over . And it was puffy and thus horribly tall . It also had all sorts of parts that made it hard to clean . We immediately went back to get the Baby Bjorn and LOVE it ! It fits perfectly on our elongated toilet and is a breeze to clean . I love the molded splash gaurd and the hanging handle . It 's worth the extra money !! Also , we have the Baby Bjorn little potty and love that as well .
 I started having my son sit on this and the potty chair when he turned 14 months and he actually prefers sitting on this than the potty chair that is low to the ground . This is great for me because it is less clean up!Would highly recommend !
 We tried a couple of other options before finding this seat . It is far better than other potty rings b/c it clamps onto the toilet seat so it doesnt wiggle around . The others were hard for my son to balance b/c they moved back and forth on our elongated seat . This one solved that problem . It is also more contoured so it seemed a more comfortable fit for him.It is easy to remove and place . We did finally opt for a built in all in one seat when my son started learning to pee standing up because it was even easier to get out of the way but , for just starting potty training , this seat is quite good - a step above the other potty rings .
 I like this potty seat b/c you can adjust it to fit your toilette and not worry about it sliding around while your child is on the toilette . It is also easy to clean . It may not be as cushy as some but my daughter doesnt seam to mind using it .
 We have an elongated toilet and this is our 3rd potty seat . This has been the only one that has n't slid around , fallen into the toilet , or made my little one scared to sit on it . When it came I put it on and showed her that it did n't move . She was so excited she took her diaper off and sat right on it !! Update on this great potty seat : We 've had this potty seat for about a month now and my little girl is LOVING it ! We purchased the -LRB- Kid-Friendly Stash 'n Step Stool Natural -RRB- to go along with this , which makes it possible for her to sit on the potty all by herself . She now goes on the potty every day now ! I wish I knew about this potty seat before I purchased the other two !! I 'd recommend this to anyone and everyone !
 A friend of mine was having problems potty trainer her son . She could n't understand why he was scared of using the `` grown up potty '' . I remember being HORRIFIED of falling into the toilet when I was little and thought maybe he was having the same problem . I sent this to them thinking it certainly would n't hurt . He did a complete 180 after just trying it once ! Apparently he was scared of falling in . The toilet seat gave him all the confidence that he needed ! He is now a `` grown up potty '' veteran . He 'll even use toilets out in public without the potty seat -LRB- something he out and out refused to do before -RRB- . The only problem they are having now is trying to get him to use the toilet at home without his potty seat . Every time I talk to him on the phone he says `` Aunt Dawn ! Thank you for the potty seat ! I had cheese today . '' or some other totally random follow up thought . I will probably forever be `` Aunt Dawn - giver of potty seats '' to him . I 'm okay with that title . : -RRB-
 Nothing to add to all of the positive feedback . This is , by far , the most excellent toilet seat for potty training . My son , now 3.5 years old , completely skipped over portable potty chairs , and much prefered going straight to the `` big potty , '' using this training seat . He can put it on and take it off himself , and seems to take great pride in doing so . I have purchased three , two for home , and one permanantly dedicated as our travel potty seat . Love it , love it , love it !
 I looked and tried out a lot of toilet trainers and this one takes the cake . It fits nice on both of my toilets and one is longer then the other . My daughter LOVES this seat and was so excieted to start using it . I purchasd two of these so I would not have to carry it up and down the stairs from bathroom to bathroom . This is THE seat to have . Great product .
 This toilet seat has been great for our toddler boy . The way it adjusts to fit different size toilet seats is very nice as we have taken it with us to grandparent 's houses and so on . It is n't really small so I would not consider it very portable , but it we do take it traveling in a zippered canvas tote along with a Kikkerland folding step stool . It is very simple , basic , and easy to clean.Our son started potty learning on the bjorn standalone potty chair , and then at around age two we started using this toilet trainer . He liked it right away and has n't made a mess - perhaps because he started on the pottychair first . He still uses both - it is nice to be able to offer him a choice . It might sound silly - but to a toddler those choices make things easier sometimes . So we say , do you want to use the `` big toilet seat '' or the `` little blue potty '' and he likes to get to choose.It is a bit pricey , but I would n't change a thing about the design so I am very happy with the purchase .
 Very easy to clean . This fits on every toilet securely -- I 've seen some cheap , wobbly ones that never seem to sit properly on the seat . Also , the molded seat is easy for the child to feel secure on . I have two boys . On the cheap seats , little boys tend to pee over the front , but not on this one .
 I 'm convinced this is the perfect potty seat . My daughter started out with the separate potty , but once she got the hang of it , she wanted to use the big potty . This seat is perfect to ensure she does n't fall in ! And the `` pee guard '' is a great feature . Easily conforms to our standard toilet seats and our oblong ones . And VERY easy to clean .
 You get what you pay for when going with cheaper seats that do n't fit so universally and slip around , creating an unstable seat for your child . Baby Bjorn 's seat is fantastic . Sturdy , fits well , stable due to grippy rubber base . We paired it with the matching step and love both .
 Using the wheel to adjust this for a snug fit on our toilet seats was VERY easy , very pleased with this seat , it seems very comfortable for our 21 month old . Also recommend buying potty hooks for a few buck each -LRB- may be cheapest at BRU unless things change -RRB- . I have a potty chair for my son but want him to have the option of using the big potty on a regular basis as soon as possible , so I am fitting each toilet in our house with one of these .
 I love how there is a dial to adjust the seat to fit your toilet seat ! This prevents the seat from wiggling and moving around . It is comfortable to sit on and easy to clean ! We purchased another seat prior to BabyBjorn and it does n't compare to this seat ! The price is a little high but well worth every penny ! I recommend it .
 This potty seat fit on all of my different toilet seats without a problem . My son can sit on it for long periods of time without getting uncomfortable . He 's on the younger side at 18mo and the fit is just fine for him . The splash guard could of course be a little higher but we have n't had any major issues with this one . It does what it 's supposed to and the ability to adjust the seat for a snug fit is what makes this seat so good . Other seats have slid around and this one stays put .
 We just adopted 3 year old boy/girl twins and this seat is perfect for both of them . The adjustable dial makes it a tight fit on our toilet seat so the kids do n't slide around . The `` bump '' in front is high enough to help everyone get seated just right and there 's plastic that goes down into the toilet enough so no spraying comes out between our toilet seat and the actual toilet . We love this seat !
 Now I know why the cheap potty seats are so cheap . Wish I has been able to see this side-by-side with the cheap ones . If I had this would have been the one I would have bought . This potty seat is well designed , does n't rock , and is one piece . It 's adjustable and easily fits the toilet at my son 's house and the one at my house . My granddaughter would n't sit one the `` cheap '' one bought originally but really likes this one . Dry days are coming soon , wish they had these when my kids were at this stage .
 We bought a cheapo Elmo seat before this , not paying much attention to the shape of it . Realized too late we have an oval toilet seat and it was a round potty attachment . Needless to say , it did n't fit and he slid all over . Ordered the Bjorn and got it the next day , amazing !! Owen can set it on the toilet , climb up , sit and finish up with no mess . The guard really works to keep the pee in as long as he sits far enough back . It is so easy to use and we take it to others ' houses and it fits well on every seat so far . We installed a 3M removable hook on the wall behind the toilet where it can hang out of the way when not in use , too . This has allowed me to say that finally , my son is FULLY potty trained ! Hooray !!
 This item is very simple to install and the white plastic makes it very easy to clean . My son -LRB- 22 months -RRB- has no problem sitting on it . The shield for boys is not high enough to sit him close to the front but if I move him to the rear of the seat the stream does n't go over the shield . Great design , if it was n't so pricey I would get rid of my portable potties and purchase 2 more of these .
 I bought this seat to replace one that I already had -LRB- a cheaper , different brand -RRB- . My son likes this seat much better . It does n't move around like the old one did and the shape seems more comfortable for him . Well worth the money spent !
 I ordered for my 23-month-old who was potty-trained . It is comfortable for those longer sits and your toddler gets used to relaxing enough to do her/his business . The loop is nice - it hangs perfectly on the side of the toilet with a suction-cup hook . My daughter can put it on and take it off herself . The size is just right to fit into one of those drawstring backpacks which came in handy for those first few outings when my daughter was afraid to sit on the public toilets.I also like that it is non-porous - it is easy to disinfect . That is why I did n't even consider any of the soft seats . The ergonomic design makes up for the rigidity .
 This toilet seat works great . Nice design , fits easily on toilet . When our son was 3 he was able to attach and remove it on his own with no issues . Easy to clean . I recommend this item -LRB- and the matching step stool too ! -RRB- .
 While he has n't made it in the toilet yet this trainer seat works well for boys . Our son is n't afraid to sit on it , it 's large enough for him to sit on and the guard is high enough for him . It adjusts to fit on our standard and elongated seats . One thing about Bjorn though is I wish they made their products in a better price range so they could reach more clients . We have the potty chair too and like that it was also large enough for our sons long legs , and has a high pee guard . They just run at the higher price range as far as the market goes .
 I 've tried other toilet trainers and this is by far the best one . It 's very sturdy , and fits any toilet . I would recommend it to anyone . Great buy .
 We bought the cheaper soft cushion type toilet and it was just never comfortable for our daughter . This one was easy and comfortable and it stays on the toilet seat without moving ! Within a few days , we were able to get her to potty on the seat . It took a little sticker bribery and she was quickly using it . Since it does n't have many connecting parts , cleaning is much easier.Don ' t bother with the other seats , just buy this one . I 'm going to buy another one for grandma 's house .
 This is an excellent potty seat , especially for little boys because it prevents splashing . I highly recommend it . My 2-year old boy is very comfortable in it , and this helped ease his potty training tremendously . We have one in each bathroom at home .
 Like this needs another great review . But really , the seat is awesome and it has been the only seat we have been able to find that fit out toilet and did n't scare my son from moving around . Important when you have a child learning to potty train . He has been potty trained for about 6 months now and he still uses it to go # 2 . We have never had problems with pee issues ... I remember reading something about how the seat didnt work well for boys because urine would leak from the front of the seat ... back when I was reading reviews before buying this seat . We have always had him point his weenis downward , so maybe this is why we never had leak issues . Got ta teach them the lay of the land . money worth spent !
 We have two of these toilet trainers
 The design is good.The quality is good.My son used it for a while , but do n't really need it for long .
 Toilet trainer received very promptly , and was as advertised . Two year old Grandaughter loves it and is very comfortable with using it . It is easy to use -LRB- safely fits toilet seat and does n't slip or slide around -RRB- , stores neatly and unobtrusively beside `` big '' toilet and cleans easily .
 Works great . Now , if only my kid would actually use it without complaining ... Fits perfectly on the toilet . Easy to insert and take out . Easy to clean . Rubber handle allows to move it easily .
 Love this seat . It 's great that it stays put on our toilet and has the splash guard in the front ! Highly recommended !
 My son it doing well with this seat , no little potty , staight to this seat . The lip could be a little higher as sometimes he sprays over . Fits on the toliet really snug
 Love it . Easy to clean as the main part of the seat is made from a single mold . The rubber handle is easy to use for a handle or to hang the seat when you do not use it .
 Love this thing . Tried the babybjorn potty chair first and my 31/2 yr old said it hurt him , so we tried this next . Fits perfect on the toilet he feels safe sitting on it and the splash guard is great for boys . Do n't mess with potty chairs just go straight to this .
 My son used this when we transition from the potty chair to the toilet . This helped him tremendously and made the toilet more comfortable . He did n't have to fear falling in the toilet with this . I hung mine on the bathroom wall and he would take it down and put it on the toilet himself when he had to do # 2 and then put it back when he was done .
 We first purchased one of those potty seats that has elmo on it thinking it would help motivate my son to want to sit on it . It did n't fit our toilet seat and moved around a lot so my son wanted nothing to do with it . I found this Babybjorn seat and it was a life saver . It expands to fit any size toilet and it does n't move . After we purchased the first one we immediately went back and bought a second one for our other bathroom .
 Works well . My son gets on it easily by himself with a boost from a step stool . Very secure , easy to clean and comfortable . Pricey but well worth it .
 This seat was recommended to us and it fits any toilet - we have travelled and never had a problem with any we have tried . Easy to clean and can hang up for storage .
 If you have a boy ... this is the only one that would fit the needs . We tried three other brands before this one and while they had their own merits , none would understand a boys needs better than this one . Fits perfectly on the toilet and can be adjusted if needed .
 My daughter started with a `` prudence '' potty , which she loved -LRB- still does -RRB- , but got interested in the big potty -LRB- and I decided it would be a lot easier for me if she went directly in the toilet ! -RRB- , so I bought this one . It is adjustable to fit different toilet seats and it fits the toilet snugly . Since it is one piece it is easy to put on and take off and it is pretty easy to clean . I tried an $ 8 First Years seat for a second toilet , but it was a big mistake -- it hardly fit at all , it slid back and forth unless you glued or taped it to the seat , and it was two pieces which was a pain . We tried to use it once , but it just did n't work . I am buying another one of these bjorns . the only problem -LRB- not a big one -RRB- is that the step stool is a little too short for my daughter -LRB- but she is only 2 and ca n't be on the big potty by herself anyway -RRB- .
 We recently purchased a second toilet trainer for our other bathroom because we liked the first one so much . This toilet insert is totally adjustable by moving a plastic dial so you can get it to fit snugly on your toilet seat , which means it does not move around on your toddler when he is trying to sit on it . We have used ours on an elongated toilet seat and on a round toilet seat and it worked great on both seats . This toilet trainer is a million times better than all the others found in stores which move around on the seat and scare young children because they are n't stable . I returned two other types of toilet inserts before finding the Baby Bjorn toilet trainer . It is definitely worth the money !!
 Our 21/2 yr old likes this seat . She is on the way to being trained , but for now it is just for fun . The seat holds firmly into place & is easy to clean -LRB- plus no cleaning out potty seat bowls ... yuck -RRB- . We learned that BabiesRUs in Plano does not carry them any longer b/c of complaints that children find them uncomfortable , we did not have that problem and purchased another one from Amazon for upstairs . ** Tip , use an over the door towel hook on the side of the potty -LRB- on tank , under lid -RRB- to hang this seat from , keeps it off of the floor and easy to reach for the toddler . ** Use with Bjorn step stool for added safety , comfort and independence for child .
 I keep this toilet seat in my son 's bathroom along with the Bjorn step stool . My son loves using the potty with this seat ! The simple design makes it easy to clean and use . I also took a plastic over the door towel hook and hung it from under the tank of our toilet -LRB- on the side -RRB- . This works perfectly to hang the seat by its plastic handle when not in use .
 My daughter had been using the BB Little Potty since she was 6-1/2 months old and I have moved her onto the BB Toilet Trainer at 9-1/2 months . It has a high price tag for a toilet trainer so I also looked at other less expensive ones , some at 1/3 of the cost . But after reading some reviews I decided to fork out the extra $ $ because I really believe the BB brand of toilet training products are of superior quality . I 'm gald I did - I really think it 's worth spending the extra money.The seat itself is very light-weight , but of high quality , sturdy hard plastic . The seat opening is just the right size for a young baby . I did n't realize this until I was at a friend 's house and my daughter was using her daughter 's potty trainer which was of a different brand . Since my daughter is just 10 months old , her bottom is not very big and she was slipping into the opening of my friend 's potty trainer!By adjusting the plastic dial you can tighten the seat securely so it does n't slide around , even on my oval toilet seat . Until my daughter gets old enough or has a way of communicating to me that she is actually done pottying , I leave her on the toilet for a little longer after she had done some business , in case a `` second wave '' hits -LRB- and a lot of times it does -RRB- . So meanwhile my daughter moves around a lot , grabbing the toilet paper roll , reaching out for the baby wipe box , reaching for the bathroom counter for toys , and sometimes twisting her body around to check out the BB teddy bear logo . It help a lot because I only have to worry about holding her steady and not having to worry about the seat which always stays put . It 's also very easy to take off and put back on and very easy to clean . ***** UPDATE ***** My daughter is now 18 months old . I 'd still stay this is one of the best $ 30 I 've ever spent . My daughter is always on the move . When she 's in a good mood sometimes she does a little bit of hopping on the toilet seat . But I have no worries because this seat holds very well and does n't wobble at all . I do want to metion that my daughter is very slim , although I do n't know if that matters much with this seat . I still highly recommend this seat .
 -LSB- updated -RSB- This is one of two potty seats we use in the house with our HUGE 3 year old son -LRB- 45 pounds , 42 '' tall -RRB- . The seat is well constructed , and has some nice features . In particular , it has two braces which can be moved by turning a dial accessible while the seat is on the toilet , to make the potty seat tightly held in the toilet seat , and therefore stable . That 's nice.The plastic is smooth and easy to clean . And unfortunately , I spend a lot of time cleaning this potty seat and around it when my boy pees sitting down . Originally I thought this was because of the potty seat design.The front splash guard is raised to keep the child from missing the potty entirely , which is great . However , it 's not aimed downward but instead is straight up and down . Unless I 'm extremely careful to position him towards the very back of the potty seat -LRB- a problem if he will poo -RRB- , my son winds up hitting himself , the toilet seat , and for all I know the ceiling when he pees . Worse , the pee splashes up underneath the potty seat and pools around the inside of the black rubber seal around the potty seat 's edge . It 's a mess , and requires cleaning the toilet seat every time I remove the potty seat from top of it.I guess I should consider this incentive to get him to learn to point down when he pees , but when you 're potty training and just trying to get your kid to use the toilet at all , it 's a pain.So , five star construction , comfort for sitting , and the adjustable fit . 3 stars for hygeine and spraying my son with his own pee . Average is four stars.Addendum
 We love it ! It is adjustable so it fits perfectly on our toilet seat . It never slips around & is super easy to clean . I also bought the Baby Bjorn floor potty & loved that too . I think if we had gotten this first , we could 've bypassed the whole floor potty issue -LRB- meaning less messy clean-ups for mom & dad -RRB- . They make the greatest products .
 My 3 yr old loves this potty lid ; it is lightweight enough for her to put on and take off the toilet by herself -LRB- very important at this age ! -RRB- Although the seat is lightweight , it is NOT cheap plastic
 I was hesitant to buy this product because I felt like it was a little pricey , but now I feel like it was worth the money . We will be able to use it for all of our children no matter where we move and what sized toilet we have . It has a really secure fit as well , so it wo n't give kids a fear of falling in . It 's worth a little more money in my opinion .
 The hubs and I do n't really buy a lot of special baby/kid goods . Our two year old son drinks out of normal glasses , he eats with adult silverware , he never used a pacifier , etc etc. . So we did n't want to buy him a separate little potty chair , either . Might as well start him on the real thing so we do n't have to switch him over later , right ? We bought this so that he could sit comfortably on a normal toilet.This is a lovely , sturdy device , which is very easy to clean and has a convenient hook for hanging on the wall . What a nice bathroom decoration . The guests . just . love . it . &#34; You have a toilet seat on your wall ! Wow ! That 's great ! &#34; said nobody ever . But whatever , it 's an easy way to store it . The front lip is a little difficult for my son to get over when he 's sitting down , but it seems like somewhat of a safety feature , so I 'm good with it.I do n't really know what to say . It 's well made , but come on , it 's a potty seat . Your kid sits on it to pee . It 's not super hard to get that wrong . Anyway , my son is still not really interested in the potty , but that speaks more to his love of pooping in his diaper in whatever hidden corner he can find than the quality of the chair . I 'd recommend this product to others .
 All the potty seats I looked at say they are for older children , including this one . My daughter is almost a year old . I had started , earlier this summer , putting her on the regular potty when I noticed her struggling with a # 2 . So rather than watching her be uncomfortable as she sat in her diaper or stood on her hands and feet in awkward positions , I decided to take her to the potty . It was tiring and uncomfortable holding her on the regular toilet seat , but using the toilet was effective at helping my daughter do the job she needed to do , plus I 've saved several diapers this way.After reading many reviews , I decided to try the Babybjorn Toilet Trainer . It is perfect ! My daughter seems comfortable on it , and I do n't have to use as much strength to support her on the toilet since the Babybjorn seat provides a better and more stable sitting surface without me having to worry about her little bottom sinking into the toilet.I have a very small bathroom and just recently purchased a Potty Hook from Babies R Us . Now the potty seat hangs from the toilet tank and is easily accessible and neat looking.Pros : Sits securely on toilet seatEasy to cleanFlexible handle for hangingCons : Expensive -LRB- best price at my time of purchase was here at Amazon -RRB- I would recommend it , but I am wondering if the Arm and Hammer seat -LRB- which seems to be similar in shape -RRB- is comparable . It is less expensive . I would like to get another seat for Grandma and Papa 's home , but am not sure if I want to spend the same amount of money I spent on the Babybjorn seat since my daughter will be at my home more than at her grandparents ' home .
 I never , ever write reviews so go figure my first is about a potty seat ! This thing is awesome - it fits both our round and elongated bowls , and also fits public restroom seats -LRB- which can be kind of scary to a little toddler learning to use the potty -RRB- . I took the advice of a previous reviewer and just throw this seat in 2 plastic shopping bags when we go out - it fits right under the stroller and it makes life just a little bit easier for moms and toddlers on the go . Another thing I do is hang it on the little hook we have on our toilet tank - it came with the Scrubbing Bubbles toilet cleaning wand I bought years ago but stashed under the sink once our son started crawling . It 's so perfect - you could also get one of those plastic hooks w / the sticky back and put it on the side of the tank . The rubber ring around the base -LRB- the black part -RRB- really does keep liquids from seeping out . It 's also very easy to clean - not many nooks & crannies for stuff to get stuck in . I would n't change a thing about this - definitely worth the money !!
 Wonderful product . Would recommend it to everyone ! My son felt very secure on the toilet during his potty training process . Will use it for my second son when the time comes for him to potty train .
 I have two of these potty seats - one for upstairs and one for downstairs . They fit the seats perfectly -LRB- no sliding around -RRB- . The built-in splash guard is great for boys AND girls . At first I thought girls would n't need it , bit I 'm SO GLAD it 's there . My daughter has some pretty wild sprays , but the splash guard catches everything . The best part is minimal clean-up -LRB- unlike with potty chairs -RRB- . My daughter is only 22 months old , so she needs a foot stool to reach the toilet . The kid foot stools are too small and unstable . If you have a very young child , buy an adult foot stool -LRB- like the ones for elderly patients -RRB- . They will not flip up/over . The child has plenty of room to step up , turn around , and sit down . The stool is wide enough for the child -LRB- and parent ! -RRB- to feel confident and comfortable enough to bend over and pull his/her underwear up or down .
 We originally bought the Baby Bjorn stand alone potty chair as well as another type of potty chair for our then 2 year old daughters . We 've had a tough time potty training them -LRB- must be something with twins - mine are much more stubborn about it when they have each other as backup -RRB- . I saw all of the great reviews on this seat , but still hesitated because I was worried about spending $ 30 on a seat they may refuse to sit on . We finally bought this potty seat when they no longer wanted to use their potty chairs and wanted to sit on the big potty . Since then one of my daughters has made great strides in potty training -LRB- still have to work on the other -RRB- . Both girls know how to put the potty seat on the toilet on their own . I think the fact that they know how to put the seat on and can climb up on their own helps them to feel more in control of using the potty . This seat makes them feel like big girls ! Also , we bought the white seat with black trim , so it does n't look like a complete eyesore in our bathroom . Strongly recommend this potty seat .
 My 2-year-old is a little scared of new things . So , you can imagine how hard it is to get him to try an adult size toilet in a public restroom.We used theBaby Bjorn Potty Chair -LRB- great product , as well ! -RRB- to get him started . He figured out the routine within 3 days , but when I had to travel with him , he refused to use other potties or any toilet seat covers -LRB- padded or folded -RRB- . If I was lucky enough to get him to sit on the other seats , they would move or the pee guard did n't seem high enough , so my toddler and I would be nervous about him sitting on there for long . I had to take the potty seat with me everywhere I went ... to family members ' houses , to parties , and to the grocery store . I was sneaking my son out to my car every time he had to pee . And when we finally decided to go without the potty seat while we were entertaining friends in downtown Chicago , my son was more comfortable peeing in his pants than any toilet in CHI-town . Then I bought the Baby Bjorn Toilet Trainer and no more potty in the trunk . It fits into the diaper bag and since it 's adjustable , it fits all toilets securely . When my son sits on it , he can change positions as many times as he wants and he does n't feel like he 's going to fall in . I think it really helps that it is white like the toilet as well . He gets such a satisfied look on his face when he pees on the BIG toilet .
 You can ask my husband - I 've purchased at LEAST 5 potty seats since getting our son to use the potty . I 've returned 4 of them immediately after seeing how the design of the seat would not work for our son -LRB- I would have a little Bellagio Fountain spraying on my floor instead of the toilet -RRB- . The one seat that did end up staying in our house seemed great at first , but I later discovered that there were gaps on the bottle of the seat that captured urine and required constant cleaning . So I sucked it up and threw down the money for the more expensive Baby Bjorn . WHY did n't I buy this sooner !?!? This is the best potty seat I purchased . There are absolutely no hidden gaps or fabrics that can soak up or trap urine . It is adjustable to fit into any type of toilet seat . There is a small splash guard -LRB- more like a ridge -RRB- in the seat so no `` fountaining '' can occur . Everything that I 've complained about in the previous potty seats is addressed with the Baby Bjorn - it works fantastically ! Highly HIGHLY recommended .
 This seat fits perfectly in our elongated toilets . It pops in and out easily . My daughter is small for her age and sits very comfortably on this seat .
 This made the adult toilet seat less daunting to our little girl when we started potty training . I thought the `` arms '' under the seat used to secure it to the large toilet seat were suppose to fit under the adult toilet seat , but it still fits snuggly and does n't wobble at all . Now , with just a step stool to help her out , our little girl is using the big potty all by herself !
 My 22-mo . old loves to hang out while we patiently wait for the results . Great seat b/c my child is no longer scared of the toilet -LRB- he used to be afraid to fall in w/o the seat -RRB- . Fits great and is easy to use and store . Highly recommend for all those entering the world of potty training and good luck .
 I should have bought this toilet in the first place . I did n't want to spend too much money on a toilet trainer so instead I went with a cheapie from walmart . BIG mistake ! That toilet was uncomfortable and the opening was small . Because of that , my daughter would either pee or poop on the toilet itself . While visiting my brother-in-law , my daughter used the babybjorn toilet they had for their kids . She absolutely loved it ! I ordered this toilet as soon as we got home and we 've been happy ever since . We 've had no incidents and my daughter is no longer scared to sit on the toilet . The opening is just the right size and the `` splash guard '' in front is great , since my daughter likes to look at in toilet as she 's going . It 's very sturdy and easy to clean . I will recommend this toilet to everyone .
 I never used a potty chair with my son because he always wanted to sit on the seat like mommy and daddy . He 's 2 years old and already potty trained . I owe it to the Baby Bjorn toilet trainer !! He even loves to read while sitting on the potty ... Daddy 's little boy . He 's aim is n't great , but we 've never had issues with his urine going all over the place . He 's never gotten hurt either -LRB- some reviews about other seats scared me !! -RRB- . Overall , great training seat .
 I would like to claim that this is the best seat ever , but it is actually the first and only one I bought when it was time to train my son . I bought it after reading product reviews on this site and others , and decided to try it . Even though it cost more than others , I believe it is well worth the extra couple of dollars .
 I love this seat . My son loves it too . I can hang it up on the wall when not in use .
 This seat fits my toilet beautifully and only wished I bought it from the get go . Nice quality seat , smooth and easy to clean , and fits my elongated toilet seat perfectly -LRB- due to the adjustability of the seat -RRB- . Most importantly , my son is very comfortable using it and no longer fears the seat moving on him and now is getting on and off the potty by himself . Dramatic change in just 2 days of getting the seat . Worth every penny in my book !
 This seat fits my toilet beautifully and only wished I bought it from the get go . Nice quality seat , smooth and easy to clean , and fits my elongated toilet seat perfectly -LRB- due to the adjustability of the seat -RRB- . Most importantly , my son is very comfortable using it and no longer fears the seat moving on him and now is getting on and off the potty by himself . Dramatic change in just 2 days of getting the seat . Worth every penny in my book !
 We have elongated toilets in our house . I have tried several potty seats that are supposed to fit elongated toilet seats . However , they all slipped and slid on the adult seat , making it unstable for my son to sit on , not to mention that his skin could get pinched . I bought this Baby Bjorn seat because of its claim of adjustability . And the claim holds true . I followed the instructions and it fits perfectly !
 This is the second one we bought for daughter . one for upstairs , one for downstairs . It 's easy to use , easy to clean , does not leak , seems comfortable too .
 i would recommend this product to other potty-trainers out there . it 's worth the money and well-made . the dial that adjusts to the toilet seat size and the rubberized edge of the seat make for a secure fit on the big toilet . good product , would buy again .
 I bought this seat for my 3 year old son . I was so frustrated with other seats and was relieved to get this one . It has a wheel in the back to tighten the potty seat to the toilet seat and it stays where you put it without sliding or coming loose .
 This is a great product . Well worth the money . My 2 year old can put the seat on by herself and take it off easily . We love it . We are n't pushing the potty training , but this is a great product to take with you when you have to travel to grandma 's house or wherever . Just put it in a plastic bag and go .
 Favorite seat for my son who is going through potty training now . He used to complain about toilet training , never liked any of the small toddler toilets I bought , and never cared for any of the other seats like this that fit on the full sized toilet . This one he likes a lot , he uses this as often as he uses the toddler urinal I also got him -LRB- if you have a boy , those are awesome , they just love using it and they go much easier on them than any normal toilet -RRB- . Very comfortable for a toddler 's bottom . Splash guard could 've been concave a bit in case of splashback , but teaching them to pay attention to where they 're pointed compensates enough that it 's not a detraction .
 I have to say this toilet seat is really the best . We used this from the beginning while toilet training our son who is 2 and a half . The grandparents purchased another version for their house . Their seat has rubber grippers that do n't hold the seat in place , side handles that do n't serve much purpose , and the lip in the front is way too shallow ! The Baby Bjorn has adjustable wings that grab the toilet seat so it wo n't slip around . The raised portion in the front is raised high enough , unlike the other seats . It is a bit more expensive , but we got one for every toilet in the house . It hangs easily on a hook and is easy to clean .
 Excellent product , easy for a young child to put on and take off as needed . Fits a small or large toddler . Highly recommended .
 I tried several other seats before discovering this one . It is great , fits the seat right , does n't slide around like the others . For a girl it is perfect , for a boy . . the front is a little low so we have to remind my son to aim down ... but they have to learn that anyway ! .
 Although the adjuster to fit on our oval toilet does n't work on it , it does n't matter because it has a rubber edge that keeps it in place easily , for all 3 of my triplets , and they 're all different sizes .
 It 's a flawless item ... I like everything about it . . The shape , how it fits perfect for the my son 's little tushie . . And the fact that it fits snugly to the toilet . . The splash guard is perfect and perfect sized opening for the little ones . . During the Potty training perios , One day my son decided not to use the BabyBJorn Potty chair and use the ` big toilet ' ... So I had to buy one trainer next day . . I looked at BabieRUs and Target in our area to buy this , but they did n't carry this , so I ended up buying a Safety 1st one , as it felt cushy and soft and thought how bad could it be ?? What a wrong choice ... I ended up ordering this one after few days of use of the first one . . So ended up spending more.Go for it . . Shipping was faster and arrived in USPS . . Save U R money by ordering this itself and do n't fall for the cheaper ones . .
 My nearly 3 year old daughter had been rejecting 2 different potty chairs , and was hesitant to sit on the `` big potty '' after nearly falling in the water . This toilet trainer sits securely on my elongated toilet bowl and is very stable when she climbs on and off , easing her fears . I am very pleased with it and would recommend it highly .
 This is a great product . I am currently using it for my 20 month son . He has a little trouble climbing on to the toilet using a step stool , but when he gets up there he is very comfortable .
 This is a great potty seat . My son always wants to do things like `` big people '' do , so he did n't want to use a little potty seat . He wanted to use the toilet . This seat allowed him to use the big toilet and was secure and did n't slide around like another seat that we had tried .
 Works Great ! Easily get a tight fit to the toilet seat and remove for adults in just seconds . I would buy this product again and would recommend it to anyone .
 Our daughter really likes it , we were concerned . It is easy to use and clean and fits well , both her and the toilet . We recomend this to all .
 Huggies makes the best wipes that are thick and do the job while being soft and gentle for baby ! They also work wonders on stains/spills when you 're on the go ! They usually go for about 3.5 cents a wipe , so shop accordingly .
 I love Huggies Wipes . I have long nails so when I change my son 's diaper if I put rash cream with my finger it will get in my nails and make a mess of him and me . But with one wipe I rip it in four long strands , fold them in small squares put lotion on one of them and spread it on my son without making a mess . When I tried doing the same thing with other wipes they were to hard to rip or would n't go in a straight line . Huggies wipes really feel like a cloth .
 I have used many infant tubs and I love this one ! It folds so nicely I keep it in the kitchen pantry . It fits in the sink , and I keep the faucet running like a little shower , and I can rinse her with fresh water . I actually think the angle is great for an infant , but with a newborn I use one of those `` yellow bear sponges '' in the tub for extra support -LRB- but I use one with all the infant tubs I have used -RRB- .
 Was given this tub as a gift and could n't be happier . Not sure what other reviewers are writing about this tub leaking - it 's meant to use over / in the sink or bathtub . Holds a small amount of water - just enough to keep baby wet and warm while you wash . Folding mechanism never caused issue with pinching or getting stuck in the many many months we used this for our daughter . It worked well for our double sink because it rested snugly on one side and was quite secure . We used it nightly , drained the water out when we were done , and then folded it up and put it back under the sink . Perfect in apartment when we did n't have tons of space .
 This tub is perfect as we are in a small apartment . It is easy to fold and store and holds just enough water to get baby clean in the kitchen sink . Be sure to follow the instructions - the bottom of the bathtub MUST rest on the sink -LRB- or tub , or counter , etc -RRB- . The tub is not designed to be suspended over the sink and , as some other reviewers have found , can lead to the tub collapsing .
 Perfect size for infant , or maybe even up to 6months -LRB- give or take some months -RRB- . A nice color as well . Also , very convenient if you do n't have a lot of space , since you can easily fold it right back up . I also love how there is a place where you can put the washcloth , and other baby products for the bath . : D
 This was the first bathtub we bathed our newborn in when he was born almost three years ago . We got it as a shower gift . I love how portable it is - it folds up very nicely for storing . It is the perfect size for bathing your little one , and is nice and padded so they stay comfortable . The Safety First Space Saver Fold Up Tub works great on a counter , in a sink or in a bathtub.The main down-side to this product is that I feel like the baby is n't covered with ENOUGH water to stay warm . It IS nice that the seat is reclined just so so that baby is comfortable , but I always felt like my little one was cold when he was in the tub!We used this tub for awhile , but soon upgraded to bathing our son in the sink with a cushion-y foam bath pad . We did n't get a TON of use out of the Safety First tub , but we will probably use it again when we have our second child , at least when they are a very small infant .
 I was really surprised to read the other reviews as I have had NO problems with this tub . In fact , I liked it so much with my first -LRB- who is now 5 -RRB- that I bought another one for my newest addition -LRB- now 5 months old -RRB- . It is exactly what I needed . . something easy to put away , portable and comfortable for my baby to bathe in.While , it is true that when you drain it , all of the water does not go out , it is also VERY easy to simply tilt the tub with one hand and dump the remaining water out.I think that this is the perfect tub to bathe your baby in because it does exactly what you need it to , no more and no less.Don ' t waste your money on the more expensive tubs as it is unlikely that you will really use the added `` perks '' that they include . Instead , buy this tub for $ 10 and you wo n't be sorry !
 I used this tub for both of my girls and loved it . My sister even bought one and loves it . I do use a bear bath foam pillow for the comfort of the baby and this might help with the problems stated in other reviews . I just put it over my kitchen sink and leave the plug out and use the kitchen spray nozzel to wash the baby . It is nice because you can use clean water . The fact that I can store it neatly in the cabinet is just a bonus .
 I was surprised to see so many low ratings . I bought this tub at the start and had a 8 lb 12 oz baby that was 21 '' long at birth . She 's now 6 months old , and approaching 18 lbs - I 'm only now looking for a new tub . I always used this tub on my counter and only once had a spill . I just pick it up and pour it out afterwards.Definitely a great tub .
 I had this very same tub 5 years ago for my daughter . It worked out great , to answer the age old question about newborns slipping and sliding , well this tub doesnt come with a sling or sponge to place the newborn in for the 1st couple of weeks or so until you or baby can get that pefect grip . It only cost like $ 4.00 or so to buy a sponge or sling to add to it . Personally I never did have one of those for my daughter and the tub worked just fine . I recently got this tub again for a shower gift for my 2nd child , and I am so happy for it , because I know the tubs potential , it will grow with your child . It fits in the kitchen sink perfectly , it does n't leak if you do n't overfill the tub . I used the tub until my 5 yr old was 9 months old or so when she was ready for the tub tub , I plan on doing the same for my new baby .
 This tub is great as a space saver!I read a review about the folds snapping and startling her baby ... I have not had that problem at all ... my son is currently 3 months old . * Yes my son 's foot would slide into the side and appear to get stuck when he was very little . I solved this by sticking a dish towel in the corner . He is now 13lb and we do not have that problem anymore.I would highly reccomend this product .
 This tub is fabulous ! We love that it is just as simple as can be ... no bells and whistles ... just a great sturdy tub . It folds up so as not to take up much room when stored , has an opening in the bottom to drain water out , fits great in the kitchen sink and holds baby in a great position for bathing . We use it with one of those yellow bear spongy thingies , and baby is supported , semi-reclined and very , very comfy!Worth every penny !
 This product has a great price point and in some respect you get what you paid for ! I love this tub for it foldability/storage aspects . True you can not fill it too high , but you can easily set it inside your tub or shower stall to remedy that problem . My 10 pound + baby girl is not at all challenging the integrity of the hinges or other aspects of the product . This is not meant to be balanced on edges of kitchen sinks etc as other commenters have noted . Love this product and would buy it again !
 Initially , I was looking at the soothing spa that has the shower and everything attached to it -- it has mixed reviews and to be honest , not very many good ones . With my first child , I had a tub with a sling to support them and thought it would work great . That sling would up getting moldy-even though I would ring out the water and hang it up to dry -- so I knew I didnt want that with a tub for my 2nd child . Although the soothing spa looked so cute , when I looked at this and read about the mold resistant foam and the fact that it folds up nearly in half -- I was sold . We just got it yesterday , it it works great and is very nice and compact . What we decided to do it get a handheld attachment for our bathroom sink , that way I can still have the `` shower '' effect for when I am bathing my child -- my first child hated baths , but loved showers -- this is the perfect medium along with that handheld attachment for the sink ! Plus , the attachment was only about $ 5 , the bath was about $ 14 . . Compared to the soothing spa and shower which was about $ 35 , so about a $ 15 savings as well .
 Here 's an item for babies that really fits our needs . Our baby boy is six weeks old and needs a bath now and then , like about every other day . This lightweight folding tub fits our kitchen double sink perfectly . It has a non-slip liner across the bottom and will hold about a gallon or so of water . My wife bought a little floating thermometer that ensures the temperature to be just right . We leave the water running during the bath and there is no problem with drainage into our fairly deep sink . When the bath is finished , there is a convenient drain in the bottom of the deepest part of the bath tub . Once emptied , the head and foot parts of the tub fold into the center portion to greatly reduce the size and we have a perfect shelf available for storage right in our kitchen only a few feet away.We were a little apprehensive when we first tested the tub . How would the baby react to his first bath ? Well , he loved it ! Every time we use it he stops crying or fidgeting and relaxes to the feeling of the surrounding warm water . It could n't work any better , but he 's now at 11 pounds and I expect the tub will be too small in the near future . Well , it certainly fit our needs for this stage in his growth.Gary Peterson
 I feel bad that this tub has had safety issues for some . For us , it was extremely helpful . My small newborn fit fine without slipping , and after my c-section -LRB- and subsequent back issues -RRB- , it was helpful to be able to stand at the kitchen sink to bathe him . He was a fussy guy who hated baths , so rather than filling the tub , I left the drain open and essentially gave him sponge baths . I was also grateful for the fold-up feature which allowed me to keep the tub in our small kitchen .
 This Tub is Great ! I love that it fits right in my sink for easy baths and clean ups , and then it folds small enough to put under the sink .
 This tub 's compactness is great . I just put it in the kitchen sink and use the hose . I like being able to rinse her clean while she 's still in the tub . I just leave the drain hole open . I got one of the bigger tubs that does n't fold up at my shower but did n't like how huge it was . I did n't really have anywhere convenient to store it . My baby is 6 months old but my pediatrician says she is the average size of a 12 month old . But I 'm still able to bathe her in this tub . I 'm just sad that she will eventually outgrow it and I 'll have to be hunched over the tub .
 I purchased this tub for my son 11 years ago . We tried many infant tubs -LRB- from cheap to expensive -RRB- and this one was the BEST HANDS DOWN ! For years it was my go-to gift at all baby showers . Then , about 6 years ago this style tub disappeared from stores and online . I was devastated ! Now it is once again back on the market ! So glad . Do not be mislead by other reviews that mention fingers/toes being caught in folds . This NEVER happened to my baby . Keep in mind ... this is an INFANT tub . Not a toddler tub . It is to be used in the sink . It keeps the baby secure and upright with just enough water to get the bath done . The well at the foot of the tub is perfect for dispensing a bit of baby wash and holding the wash cloth . The pull plug in the base is perfect for draining with no mess . And for those mom 's who do n't have the luxury of a lot of space ... this tub folds up quite small for storage ! I highly recommend it . And I do n't work for Safety 1st ...
 I thought a fold-up tub was a great idea , but we 've used this only maybe 10 times before my daughter turned 6 months , the maximum age of use . I paid only $ 10 , so not much loss . She objected the first time we tried it , at about 2 weeks , and so we went back to sponge baths for a while . I would suggest gradually introducing your baby to the tub . Toys helped distract her when she was a little older . My daughter seemed too big for it even at 3 months , though she was always 97 % + in height & weight . To wash her backside , you of course have to take her out of the tub . I usually forgot to plug it before filling it , and so usually had water all over the floor . Instructions say tub is supposed to be supported by a sink ; it certainly does n't fit in our oval bath sink . Maybe it would fit a 2-part kitchen sink . The folding feature did make it easy to store on our closet shelf . For a little tub bath , I liked it . It was good for a quick bath or to really soak her , but in the end I prefered a unhurried sponge bath on a waterproof pad on the bed , which I think got my daughter cleaner .
 My son is now 8 months old and we still use this tub . It is worth it 's weight in gold . I used it in the sink , counter and inside the regular tub . We only had issues in the sink -LRB- our sink was really not big enough for it to fit -RRB-
 we bought this crib for our newborn and without a doubt it was a great deal . the tub is just deep enough to get em clean without over filling being an issue . the people that said its a hazard because it `` collapses '' obviously didnt get the right size tub for their sink . ours fits great and i assume itll last long enough that she will be able to out grow it before it breaks . the only minor issue is the hinges . be careful with their toes and put down a washcloth . simple as that . :-RRB- thanks for a great product at a great price !
 We love this tub . We had the same one for our older children and after purchasing a different tub for our newest addition , I searched the internet to find this one . It is great because it fits perfectly on the kitchen sink and it fold up to store . The other tub we bougth leaked and did not fold , but this one is great for space saving with no leaks !
 we loved this tub over the safer bather pad . I think the pad was just awkward . Folding features are great !
 This tub is great if you 're concerned with space . I can let it dry , fold it up and put it under the bassinet in my room so it 's close at hand for the next bath.On the other hand , the water does spill over where the notches are to fold the tub if you fill it a bit too much . You ca n't add very much water because of that . Otherwise my son seems to like it and I have n't had any safety problems what-so-ever . As far as putting it in the sink , I would n't do that with any tub . It does n't seem safe . Therefore I place the tub on the bathroom counter next to the sink .
 This is the perfect tub for a double sink . It fits perfect in the sink , and is comfortable for your baby , even when he/she is very young . It folds up nicely too .
 This tub was perfect for my baby . It kept him upright laying slghtly . There is a small slot by the feet for small toys to play with while bathing . In addition , the fold-up feature made it easy for storing . The foam did not allow my son to slip at all . The fact that a small amount of water can be filled near his bottom allows the freedom to bath him by gently soaking a wash cloth . Later you can drain the tub through an opening at the bottom of the tub .
 I absolutely love this product !!!!!!!!!!!!!! I know this product is for babies , but because my skin has been changing lately , this is the ONLY product that I can use . Other bath products made my skin EXTREMELY dry , irritated and itchy . Not this product !!!! My skin absolutely loves it and I love the way my skin feels afterwards !!! Also , I love the way it smells ... very clean and fresh . This is a wonderful product !! There is no other product that I will ever use ! Thank you Johnsons .
 This is a real `` find '' ! It 's light and soaks in quickly with a nice familiar scent . The `` oil '' part might throw you , but it 's not greasy at all . Wonderful after shower moisturizer !
 I use this `` Creamy Baby Oil '' as a hair conditioner for my daughter 's hair . It woks great !
 You do NOT need a locking clip for every vehicle and if it is not required by the car manufacture , you should not be using one . Please read the vehicle owner 's manual or look for a label on the seat belt webbing -LRB- usually on the back side -RRB- to see if a locking clip is needed . Locking clips are used ONLY on seat belts if recommended by the vehicle manufacture . Vehicles made before 1996 were not federally required to provide pre-crash locking features -LRB- although some did , so check -RRB- . If in doubt please find a local Child Passenger Safety Technician in your area , most states have CPST 's and most CPST 's will walk you through putting your car seat / child into your vehicle safely . Many Police dept , fire stations have CPS techs . Or you can find the closest one to you using the locator at this site -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I purchased this item to safely secure my daughter 's carseat in an older model car . My husband installed the carseat in under 10 minutes . Without this clip the carseat slid a lot . After putting the clip to work , the carseat stopped shifting improperly . We are totally satisfied with the product .
 It 's a locking clip , and it works . It 's a piece of metal and there is n't much that can go wrong with it . It does exactly what it is expected to do and no more . This is a good thing.I believe that they did n't even have a problem with feature bloat in the design of this product . What could be a better product to build and sell . As long as there is n't any metal fatigue and the piece does n't cause the belt to be cut you are in pretty good shape.I had thought about making this piece myself , but for the price how could you go wrong . And now if it fails in a wreck the liability is shifted to a multinational corporation . This is a wise investment.I ca n't think of anything more to say about this marvelous product .
 Item arrived on time as specified . It differed from the picture , but it is specified that it may be different . The clip does its job , though !
 This was a great buy needed for myself as seatbelt chokes me clip makes it more comfortable both for car and the bus I drive
 it was perfect , saved me alot of problems with installing the carseatit was shipped quickly and arrived in good timethanks
 I used to use these clips whenever I had a child in my vehicle who had to use a car or booster seat and had to be placed in a shoulder seatbelt.I always used the lapbelt when I only had one child in a safety seat , but as my family grew these clips really helped secure the child seat if used properly .
 Exactly what I needed . It was super cheap , easy to find on amazon , and easy to install ! We were so glad we were able to find this part since ours was lost when we moved .
 This was just what I needed as the button that held the belt buckle was broken off and had to fish it off the floor all the time .
 The clip came very quickly and cheaply and was just as promised . It 's the same clip that comes with the car seat originally .
 Awesome little product for car seats . Would definitely recommend two or three for multi-car families . Keeps the belt where it needs to be and helps prevent slippage or loosening of the belt thus endangering the child . Great price for the item .
 I thought I had saved the seatbelt lock that came with my car years ago , but it somehow slipped away . This is just as I remembered my original seatbelt car seat locking clip . It took a bit of time in the back seat to get just the right tightness on the seatbelt , but it 's easy to use and works great on my child 's car seat . Great to have my car feel safe for my precious cargo !
 This is a must have to aid in car safety . The clip is sturdy and , if placed properly will aid in securing the car seat tight so that it will not slide . I would not travel without this safety clip .
 This works with all standard car seat belts , and all brands of child car seats . YOU MUST HAVE THIS if you own an older car and have a lap/shoulder belt-mounted child car seat or car seat base ! YOU DO NOT NEED THIS if you use the LATCH mounting system . In most older cars , with a combination lap/shoulder belt , regardless of what kind of retractor or locking mechanism the vehicle has , if you do n't use a locking clip -LRB- or if you have one and attach it to the wrong part of the belt , as I did until someone explained it -RRB- and you have an accident -- or even just brake hard or turn to try to avoid an accident -- your car seat or car seat base will likely pull the slack out of the lap portion of the belt and will get additional slack from the belt that goes up to the shoulder mount . What this looks like is the seat tilts away from the side where the shoulder belt anchor is , and toward the front of the vehicle , producing a twisting motion which is dangerous to the child 's back and neck . What you want is -LRB- assuming your car seat or base is already strapped in securely first -RRB- to lock the shoulder belt to the seat belt BETWEEN THE TWO LAP ANCHORS , rendering the shoulder part of the belt irrelevant , which also keeps that dangerous slack away from the lap belt . This is the best and simplest design for this clip ... just a flat piece of metal cut in a shape that allows the middle of two flat webbing straps -LRB- seat belts , in this case -RRB- to be slid in from one side , with both belts getting tucked under the `` ears '' that stick out at both ends , and the middle bar staying on the other side of the belts . Most car seats are supplied with one of these -LRB- look underneath or on the back of the seat for the place where one would be stored when not in use -RRB- . IF YOU DID NOT GET ONE OF THESE WITH YOUR CAR SEAT OR CAR SEAT BASE , THIS COULD BE THE BEST PURCHASE YOU EVER MADE . ** Also consider the Graco model sold on Amazon , nearly identical for less money .
 This little peice of metal seems to be unimportant but is surly not . One comes with most car seats . And untill I had to use it I thought it was silly . One day I was in my freinds car and her seat belt does not lock on its on , it is one of those over the shoulder kind in the back . So I pulled out the locking clip and locked the belt . I felt so much better knowing that my baby was safer and that the seat belt would do its job . This clip was great and it really worked well . I recomend it if you loose or misplace your orginal one -LRB- which is not hard with a new baby -RRB- or if one did not come with yours . You may not need it now , but when it comes to your baby 's saftey you wo n't want to be with out it .
 I got this for my new Great Nephew that came a month early . My Nephew & his Wife like Scooby Doo like I do . I think every generation loves Scooby Doo . I hope my Great Nephew loves his sheet set .
 I received these as a gift along with lots of other more traditional burp cloths and the cloth diapers with thicker centers . I inadvertently returned the ones with the thicker centers by mistake . I must say it was the best mistake I 've ever made . My son is 8 months old and we use these every single day . Drooly chin , spit up , peek-a-boo , you name it . We carry them everywhere and he loves to cuddle with them . It is so much better than a lovey because we can replace and wash all we want and he always has another . I use dressier , nicer burp cloths just for looks at church and things , but this cloth is our # 1 buddy wherever we go .
 After purchasing three packs of these , I was so disheartened to read the overwhelming amount of negative reviews ! I am a first-time CD ` ing mom and I have to say , I actually love these . YOU CAN NOT BEAT THE PRICE ! - which is why I chose these to try out first . Yes , when you first open the package you are immediately starring at a very thin piece of cloth , but do n't let that fool you . Wash them once or twice -LRB- I only did once -RRB- and they are already a world different ! Until our Kawaii OS Covers get here , I am doubling up and folding in the oragami style . Yes , the cloth gets wet when your little one urinates , but that 's a cloth diaper for you ! They are made to be worn with a cover ... . Something else we are doing is putting a microfiber cloth -LRB- also very inexpensive -RRB- between the cloth diaper and the cover , and we do n't even need to change the cover often because it does not get wet . -LRB- Do n't put the microfiber inside the cloth diaper , though , because that is not great for your little one 's skin -RRB- . Overall , I would highly recommend these . They literally take 10 minutes to dry on Medium heat ! 10 MINUTES ! I ca n't say how long they hold up for yet , but honestly , with the price so low , I can afford to buy more in a few months . If you 're unsure , buy one pack - wash at least once - and give it a shot . They are so versatile that you WILL be able to find plenty of other uses for them if you do n't like them for a cloth diaper .
 I used these for both of my children for burp rags . They work great . I am pregnant with my third and BabiesRus wanted $ 16 per pack for these . So this is a much better deal
 I find these cloth diapers very useful . I use them as burp cloths and to have handy in case of spills or other baby related messes . They are absorbent and comfortable to use . They are soft , so they do n't scratch my babies face when I clean his mouth . I first bought 1 package and then went back for more . They are inexpensive and very useful .
 I 've tried several types of cloth diapers and these flats with a Thirsties Duo wrap cover are my favorite . I fold them in an `` Origami fold '' -LRB- there are videos on youtube -RRB- and they fit my son perfectly . It was actually a happy accident that I received these
 I have been cloth diapering my son since birth . These diapers were perfect when he was a newborn . I folded them in thirds and then in half . I stored them like that , and then when I needed to use them , the size fit perfectly into my thirsties x-small wraps and made a great diaper ! They are thin , but a newborn needs frequent diaper changes anyway and they fit very well.You also can not beat the price ! I loved that when I needed more diapers I just had to do laundry , too!I started changing what diapers I used with bigger covers as he got bigger , but these were great at first because they did n't provide bulk when he was tiny . I now use heavy duty prefolds with covers . These diapers still come in handy for rags , burp cloths , everything else . Most of mine are stored away patiently awaiting my next child .
 I disagree with whoever said that these are too thin for burp cloths . They do look gauzy , but fold them over once , and they 're thick enough to absorb most of my baby 's spit-ups entirely , and -LRB- apologies if this gets graphic -RRB- even a single layer is effective at catching all the chunky bits in spit-up which can cause your clothes to smell . I fear that the prefolds would be too bulky for me and not nearly broad enough . I like the simple , large form of these diapers.I use these predominantly as burp clothes . They are so absorbent , so effective , so economical , and so handy . I have three packs , and I really needed them all when my baby was a newborn . I keep a tall stack on my coffee table , and I 'm always ready for errant bodily fluids.I also occasionally use these to wipe up all manner of spills . They 're extremely effective at drying dishes and wiping down counter tops . In a pinch , they make great handkerchiefs for my runny nose when I 'm out for a walk with the stroller . I also fold them and put them in my baby 's -LRB- all-in-one-cloth -RRB- diaper if I want to give it a bit more absorbing power . Tuck one in the car-seat , another in your pocket , and lay one under your baby 's head when she goes down for a nap . They do n't take up much room in the laundry , so you might as well use them liberally and keep the rest of your life clean and dry !
 Other than my wonderful son , these are the best things to come out of raising a child ! I use them for everything now , they are just the best cloths to have around .
 I got hooked on these with my newborn in 1988 . After using them for the typical infant uses , I started using them as dustcloths -LRB- absolutely no lint -RRB- , cleaning cloths -LRB- holds expensive cleaners well and can be used over and over -RRB- , etc. . The latest is that I use them to clean my Harley . Absolutely no scratches , ever ! Just try a pack of these for spitcloths and other uses . I actually used disposable diapers , but these are great for everything else .
 Not sure about them for a diaper but I love them for burp rags . The prefold diapers are n't as absorbent as these . For those that open a pack and panic trust me they get better with each washing . I opened them and figured they were useless . I figured they were good for nothing . I am so glad I washed and tried them anyways . They absorb and wipe up so much better than other burp rags that just push the spit up around . The more these rags are washed the better they get . No nursery is complete without a stack of these .
 We only had 5 or so burp cloths , a thick flannel kind , and when I was looking for more to buy I found these by reading other people 's reviews . At first I was hesitant because of how much thinner they are than the other kind I had , but now I use these almost exclusively.They are lightweight , but especially folded in half they work great as a burp cloth.My daughter 's tear ducts did not open fully for several months , so she constantly had gunk coming out of her eyes . A corner of these thin cloths was a great way to gently wipe her eye area clean.She also uses these -LRB- at 8 months old -RRB- as her blankie , I keep trying to introduce others but she `` needs '' one of these cloths to snuggle to sleep . Works great for us since we have 2 dozen so there is always one at hand and clean ! They are also lightweight so less of a smother hazard than a thicker blankie.I highly recommend these , they are versatile and even though they are thin they have held up well for us through many many washes.I DO NOT recommend them as cloth diapers - we have n't used them for this purpose , and they are so much thinner than other cloth diapers that I imagine you would have to use several .
 Used diapers for a different purpose . For a family member with a very dificult rash and excoriated area in their groin area that would not heal . After applying medicine to the area , I used the diapers -LSB- after cutting them in one half and sewing the edges together -RSB- to place in the groin area to keep edges of groin from touching each other . The diapers were all cotton and very light and that allowed the area to heal .
 Love that these are cotton - texture is great and they are actually much softer than they look . We do n't actually use these for diapers . I bought them as `` temporary burp cloths '' while deciding on some others . I now use these exclusively . One thing I love about them is that they wash very well - I do n't spray them with any stain remover and they come out clean every time simply using Dreft detergent.We also use them to `` catch '' my little boys ' geyser , as my husband refers to it , during diaper changes . I think these would also be great for household cleaning as well -LRB- I 'd use separate ones for those -RRB- . These also make a great light-weight , breathable blanket for blocking the sun - we live in Texas , so this is a huge plus !
 When the first of my children was born I bought 5 dozen birdseye diapers . I never thought cloth diapers to be a hassle , even though all of friends used disposables . They were always running to the store to buy diapers . I always had plenty . I saved tons of money . Washing diapers is no big deal to me . I got a kick out of so many of the reviews here talking about all of the uses for the cloth diapers -- other than diapering . I would rather have soft cotton on my botton than paper . You do n't have to worry about chemicals or fragrances with cloth diapers -- just use Ivory Snow . The `` books '' say not to use bleach , but when the diapers got dingy or stained I did use bleach following by three rinses . My kids are now grown and I am still using the diapers . They are the best thing to dry crystal , wash cars , and to use on your face . Pure cotton -- ca n't beat it.The Gerbers I bought were thick but many of the reviews here say they are now thin . I bought 5 dozen for my daughter several years ago from an online diaper store and they were quite thick.Do your wallet and the environment a favor and give cloth diapers a try -- for diapering . You can buy 5 dozen for little more than one month 's worth of diaposables !!! Disposables are also a real environmental problem .
 I used these as cloth diapers with my second child for the first two months . They work well , especially with a liner , when the baby is eating and being changed every 2-4 hours . Even on a 6-lb newborn , they 're not bulky . When the baby starts to sleep longer than 4 hours , though , a more absorbent diaper becomes necessary . Right now , I 'm double-layering mine until my bamboo terry squares are delivered . As a cheap , readily available newborn cloth diaper , these are great . You do have to know how to fold a flat diaper , though . I suspect that may be the issue with the reviewer who said these do n't work as well as the prefolds . A flatfold offers more versatility and can be a much better diaper if you know how to use it.The low price of this product , coupled with its several other uses , more than make up for its short life as a diaper . We 've used ours as burp cloths , cleaning/dust rags , -LRB- very -RRB- informal cloth napkins , paper towel substitutes , etc. . Do n't be dismayed when you first take them out of the package ! They seem thin and useless , but a quick run through the laundry fluffs them right up .
 I 'm a first time mother , and no one told me about using cloth diapers for just about everything -LRB- apparently all mothers know this -RRB- . My friend bought me a pack for my shower , and I now use them for burp cloths , lap pads , covering my son when changing him -LRB- another mother 's secret -- to prevent being urinated on -RRB- , etc. . Apparently they make great dust rags when baby grows up !!
 I ordered these to use as cleaning cloths , for drying wine glasses and for dusting . After reading some of the reviews , I was concerned as it seemed that some were not happy with the quality . All I can say is that I found these diapers to be extremely soft and washed well . As for whether or not these make good diapers , I have n't put them to that use so I ca n't comment , but for cleaning , I give these 5 stars !
 I AM A MEDICAL ESTHETICIAN AND I USE THESE IN MY FACIAL TREATMENTS . I PERSONNALY DO NOT LIKE TO HAVE A HOT SOGGY HEAVY TOWEL ON MY FACE DURING A SERVICE AND FOUND NEITHER DO MOST OF MY CLIENTS . THESE ARE LIGHT WEIGHT , HEAT UP QUICKLY , AND ARE SUPER ABSORBANT FOR REMOVING MASQUES AND PRODUCTS . THE REAL UPSIDE IS THAT YOU CAN DRY ABOUT 100 OF THEM IN 10 MINUTES INSTEAD OF AN HOUR IN THE DRYER . THEY CAN BE BLEACHED AND WASHED REPEATEDLY WITH NO SHRINKAGE , FRAYING OR SHREDDING . THEY ARE THE BEST SECRET WEAPON OF REAL PROFESSIONALS .
 I really enjoy using these cloth diapers , but one thing onlyit is so difficult to find the diaper liners . I called to so many stores the only one that carried these liners wasBaby R Us . These liners really do the job as far as to keeping the babys dryer and when they have a bm you just discard the liner without so much of a mess .
 These diapers are great for many different uses . I mostly use them as a burp cloth or for spit ups . They work great for this but I think they could be softer for little ones skin . I also use them to put under her while changing her diaper , it keeps the changing table clean and all I have to do is wash the diaper instead of the whole table . I would recommend these diapers , I just wish they were a little softer .
 Bought these at the suggestion of my mom for my 3 kids . Mom 's know best ... with her guidance of how to fold for boys and how to fold for girls to acquire maximum use for absorbancy , these diapers were a hit . And for nighttime use , just double up the diapers to 2 or 3 or just simply use a disposable . These are perfect for the over-the-shoulder burp cloths too . After baby toilet trains and is out of these , you wont find anything better when you need a soft polishing cloth . Now I 'm buying at least 8 dozen for my daughter 's first baby due in January . :-RRB- Andi
 I have used the old fashioned cloth baby diapers as kitchen and cleaning cloths for at least 45 years . They do make wonderful absorbent kitchen towels because they are large and dry very quickly . These are the diapers that are NOT folded and are not thick . They are useful as dust cloths too for they do not leave lint on surfaces.terry
 I got these as a shower present , and I was all `` what the heck am I going to do with these ? I 'm using disposables ! '' Various moms at the shower told me these were invaluable for lots of non-diaper uses , and sure enough , within a week of my daughter being born I had ordered two more packs of these -LRB- almost the only thing I actually bought MORE of -RRB- . They 've been variously useful for burping pads -LRB- folded up -RRB- , nursing pads -LRB- I had a lot of overproduction -RRB- , wiping up baby spit , impromptu bib , and security blanket -LRB- how awesome is it that my baby has a supply of thirty security blankets ... if one gets dirty or lost , there 's always another one ! -RRB- . When she grows out of them I 'm planning on using them as rags , if there 's anything left of them . Just so pleased .
 I do not use these as diapers , but I could n't live w/o them . When my baby was really little , I used them on the changing pad to keep from having to change the changing pad cover constantly . These are much easier to change and wash than those covers . These are also the best burp cloths . My daughter has really bad acid reflux , and not many burp cloths can stand up to a good spit up . I go through about 5 a day . They are VERY absorbant !
 My mom uses these for window cleaning , and they are not easy to find . That was part of her Mother 's Day gift . She was thrilled .
 These diapers were the primary ones I used for my son and various foster children . While others have complained that are NOT useful as a diaper , I found them to be the MOST perfect for this use ! Especially with babies in different sizes at the same time , I did not have to worry about assuring I have enough of any given size - and they fit great into the diaper covers I was using -LRB- Bumkins covers -RRB- - for the littlest ones I folded one way , for the middle children I folded another - for the biggest children , I would use two and fold them the same as I folded for the middle children.Now that I am not caring for other people 's children , I still have many of these diapers and we still use for cleaning cloths around the house and elsewhere . Over the years , very few have fallen apart -LRB- pretty much just the one 's my mother washed with bleach , which should never be used on an item that will be pressed against a baby 's most sensitive area ... -RRB- . I thought and still think they are great , so I am very surprised to hear from others that they do NOT work for all the purposes that I used them for : -RRB-
 First , let me state , I have never actually used these as diapers . EVERYONE gets these for baby shower gifts , and they all look at me funny , until I explain why . These are the best `` spit rags '' ever created . Perfect for using as burp cloths , as they are large , and can be washed in hot water and bleached -LRB- though it 's always best not to use bleach on baby stuff , these are n't actually put ON the baby -RRB- . Products sold as `` burp cloths '' are generally very small ... I think they were created by people who have never actually been spit up on . These flatfold diapers are very large ... I fold them in half or tri-fold them long ways , and throw it over my shoulder . It 's long enough to cover the front and back of my shirt . They are also good for a makeshift bib once the baby is old enough to eat baby foods . Simply tuck into the collar of the shirt . They make a good makeshift ` prop ' for the head , if you roll it up -LRB- you know the `` U '' shaped cushions they make for helping baby keep their head straight -RRB- . Of course you would never want to use them like that and leave baby unsupervised.If you need to lay the baby on a couch/chair to change a diaper , in a pinch , these can work as a changing mat too.Once the baby is older , and is done using them , they are fantastic cleaning cloths ... great for glass , countertops , etc. . They 're good for keeping in the car to wipe up any spills , etc. . There 's a bunch of uses for these things !
 These looked huge when I took them out of the package ! Do n't worry they will shrink down a little after the first wash . These are absorbent and great for burp cloths because you do n't have to worry about staining them . They are very easy to wash and could potentially be bleached . After the first wash , they might not be as soft was you would wish but after a few washes this is not an issue . In short , I love them . I have 2 packages of them and I use them every day . I have cute ones that I might use outside of the house , but these are definitely my first choice.My auntie recommended them to me and I am very thankful for that ! She used them with her kids and they are now a necessity in my house .
 My husband uses these as sweat rags and I use them as dust rags . They last forever . Are n't as big as the last ones I got but this size works fine for us . Wash them with some fabric softener and they fluff up nicely .
 Believe it or not I have been using cloth diapers for years as dish towels . I have never found anything that works quite as well with the `` absorbGerber 12-Pack Flatfold Birdseye Cloth Diapers - White '' factor being the key element . I was purchasing them for years at my local K-Mart but they stopped carrying them . Diaper services were out of the question for my needs , so my solution was Amazon.com . I ca n't tell you how pleased I am to be able to order these online saving time , and money . Fast shipping and true product ! Thanks again Tom
 We registered to have these for burp cloths . My 9 mo old loves these ! He carries his around with him as a security blanket as it is light weight and fun to chew on ! Also great to wipe off a drooly chin or a messy face at dinner . These are a must have .
 We bought these to use as burp cloths for our daughter . They work well to absorb any little messes she makes . I suggest buying a couple and placing them strategically around the house so you always have one in reach !
 Orignally I bought these to use as burp clothes but my baby does not spit up much at all and it feel funny to carry these around as burp clothes or wiping my baby face so I use it everyday to wipe my baby 's bottom , after using the diaper wipes which always leave her bottom so wet , and also on `` air out '' time . Let just say , she does not have any diaper rash at all ! Like other Mom said in their reviews , you can use it for so many purposes . Bleach does wonder to remove soiled diapers -LRB- if you do n't use disposable diapers -RRB- .
 If you thought this was a diaper -LRB- I did n't -RRB- it is n't . They are perfect clothes to have around for breastfeeding and general baby needs . I like them because they are thin so you can use 'em and toss in the laundry bin without worrying about filling up your laundry load with thicker clothes . I love these . A total must have ! -LRB- I 've had 3 kids , and have used these each time around -RRB- .
 These Gerber cloth diapers have a million and one uses . From actual diapers to burp cloths to changing pads , to just super absorbent rags , these diapers will be used again and a again . And because they are well made , they can be bleached and reused time and again , saving money and landfill space .
 These diapers are great burp cloths ! They absorb much better than regular burp cloths . I highly recommend these , they wash great also !
 These for cloth diapering ? Um , no way . Way too thin for that . These for burp cloths ? Absolutely ! While I still periodically reach for the pretty and colorful burp cloths that are specifically made for that use , they are not nearly as absorbent as these Gerber cloth diapers . My child is not even all that prone to throwing up and the other burp cloths are still not enough ... I can not imagine how often you would have to reach for a 2nd , 3rd and 4th burp cloth if you had a baby who spit up all the time . These are easily washed and inexpensive ... admittedly not as pretty , but most mothers get over `` pretty '' real quick when real life sets in and baby becomes messy all of the time ! lol
 A friend recommended I register for these although she knew I was planning to use disposable diapers . I accidentally registered for the diapers with the absorbent centerfold , and fortunately , received these . They are large - 27 `` x 27 '' square and are essential for baby care . I still use them every day and my son is almost a year old . I used them to line his cradle and changing-table when he was first born and going through many diapers a day . They work great as burp cloths , and are superb for wiping up other food messes . Additionally , I found they work as a light blanket during the summer months . Extremely durable , fold-up rather small for travel , and launder well . 101 uses , I love them !
 These are very handy . These are just the right size . I use them as a general purpose hand towel towel and burp cloth . They initially did feel hard , but after few washes they became soft . I have had them for a year now and they are still going strong .
 I would give these a 5 , but I know this product is made as a diaper and I have never used them as such . But someone recommended them to me as burp cloths , and they 're all we use ! Fancy , pretty burp cloths are n't nearly as absorbent or quick-drying , and I do n't feel bad about using them to wipe up whatever mess needs to be wiped up because they 're just utilitarian cloths ! They wash out pretty well , too . I hang-dry them , and they 're still going strong after 3 months .
 Love these ! Absorbent , soft , inexpensive , held up well after many MANY washes , no stains , ect . My only complaint is that they shrink quite a bit.My daughter has always hated wearing disposable diapers . When she was a newborn , she 'd holler whenever we tried to put one on her . As she got older , she 'd arch her back , scream , and try to get away as we were putting the diaper on her . So when she was a newborn , I used these flat folds wrapped oragami style -LRB- no plastic cover , although you could use one -RRB- to give her a break from her disposable diaper . We 've actually made the switch to cloth diapering full time . Now I use these as a cloth insert for the gdiaper -LRB- fold in fourths , then half -RRB- and Thirsties -LRB- fold in thirds , then half -RRB- . You could also easily use these to stuff pocket diapers .
 It may be telling that I 've never had old Gerber flats . Maybe if I had 20 or 30 year old diapers to compare these to , I 'd give them a much lower rating . But I do n't . These are absolutely the cheapest way to cloth diaper a baby if you want to buy new diapers . They 're an ultra-basic birdseye cotton . MANY modern cotton flats are birdseye . They do indeed appear thin . BUT after a few washes , they are super-soft . I really can not over-talk how wonderfully soft they are . They 're a very close second to the flannel receiving blankets I also use as diapers.For comparison , I bought some OsoCozy flats , also sold here on Amazon , back in January . Those flats are visibly thicker . After I prepped the OsoCozy diapers , I did a head-to-head comparison . I put my daughter in an origami-folded Gerber flat , pinned , and kept her coverless until she peed . Then I did the same with the OsoCozy flats -- same fold , same pinning , etc and kept her coverless until she peed . End result ? These are JUST AS GOOD as the more expensive diapers.So , why am I not giving them five stars ? One reason only
 A friend recommended I register for these although she knew I was planning to use disposable diapers . I accidentally registered for the diapers with the absorbent centerfold , and fortunately , received these . They are large - 27 `` x 27 '' square and are essential for baby care . I still use them every day and my son is almost a year old . I used them to line his cradle and changing-table when he was first born and going through many diapers a day . They work great as burp cloths , and are superb for wiping up other food messes . Additionally , I found they work as a light blanket during the summer months . Extremely durable , fold-up rather small for travel , and launder well . 101 uses , I love them !
 When I received these at my baby shower , I thought `` What is this ? ... slightly cheap seeming diapers ? '' When I brought Baby home I soon saw how practical they are . Thin , yes ! But simply fold them in half and it will take point-blank projectile vomits without any problem . We use them ALL the time , lifesavers really . Great for wiping drooly little chins and messy little hands . I give them now as shower gifts ... the workhorse of the nursery . I am using my first set with baby # 2 .
 It 's amazing what people will spend there money on today . Just to throw it away ! I 've used these same diapers on my children -LRB- all 3 of them ! -RRB- and then I 've used the SAME ONES on my GRANDCHILDREN ! Have mercy , can you just imagine ? I bought this very brand of diapers -LRB- 4 dozen to be exact -RRB- 25 years ago and I 'm still using the very same diapers . Yes , they are great for spit rags , burp rags , wipe up rags , dust rags , and just about anything else you can think of . And , I only bought once ! That was the best part . Ca n't beat them .
 These diapers are PERFECT as burp cloths and mini-towels . We used them as burp cloths when our daughter was an infant , and we continue to use them to wipe messy faces after meals , as well as to wipe runny noses during teething . We keep them all over the house ! Be careful though - there are two types , one with padding and one without - make sure to get the ones without , as the ones with extra padding are useless in this capacity . -LRB- They make great car shammies , though ! -RRB-
 One of the greatest things to have around . Cleaning up after my baby , as a burp cloth , etc. . . A must have for all parents !
 We started with Butt Paste since someone bought it for us , but quickly switched to Desitin . My son 's first and only diaper rash thus far was so red and chapped - he cried every time I changed him -LRB- I did too ! -RRB- . Desitin saved us ! His rash started looking better after 1 day 's use and totally cleared up in 3 days . Desitin comes out of the tube easy , spreads easy -LRB- a MUST when a baby is already so tender -RRB- , absorbs well , locks out moisture and it smells good . We use it every night before bed and every time my son 's bottom looks a little pink and it 's totally clear by the next diaper change . It 's all I use now !
 It really is the best of his kind . We use almost every day in order to prevent rashes from bothering our daughter . It 's the only one we use now .
 Desitin is the best cream for my 6 months baby girl . I live in Brazil and when I have the opportunity to travel to US I bring some of them .
 Fortunately my daughter does n't get to many diaper rashes , but when she does , this works well . When my daughter gets a diaper rash , she gets the ones that are hard to get rid of , so it might take a few treatments to fully get rid of it , but this product definately helps brings relief each time I use it on her .
 This product was recommended by our pediatrician when our daughter got a bad case of diaper rash ... It really does the trick . -LRB- And we like the Creamy far more than the original , much easier to apply ! -RRB-
 The best product for my baby . The creamy -LRB- blue tube -RRB- is much better than the purple tube . Worth trying !!!
 Desitin Creamy Ointment , 4-Ounce Tubes -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- I have used this product since day one with our daughter and it prevents the diaper rash as well as treats it!Would recommend this to any new parent -LRB- like us -RRB- who is completely overwhelmed by all the choices out there !
 We use this with the wide-mouthed Avent bottles and it works great for us . We can dry 6 bottles at a time , plus the nipples and lids . It is angled to drain water , which I love , and it holds it 's own bottle brush . I also have the Avent bottle brush and it holds it as well . I have never had any problem with the holders collapsing . I recommend it !
 We got this today and I can see that it will become VERY helpful ! There is a ton of space for bottles , caps , spoons , sippy lids etc. ... it snapped together very easy and seems durable!Its not to big , not too small and is a pleasant color , All in all , I 'd day it looks like it will be a wonderful addition to my kitchen counter ! = o -RRB-
 This rack has been wonderful !! I especially like the fact that the brush is a little smaller than others -- because I use it when I travel as well -- and it is easy to pack !! The rack is perfect size in that it does n't take a lot of space on my counter - and also -- very easy to clean .
 I love this rack . Not only does it hold my newborn 's bottles it holds my toddler sippy cups and lids . This is compact so sure to fit anywhere in your kitchen . I am so glad I registered for this : -RRB-
 Easy to assemble , works as promised . Has a spot for all the stuff I hand wash for my baby .
 I got this at my baby shower and its great . Does n't take any counter space and makes drying bottles so easy !!!
 I really like this drying rack . It holds 8 bottles and has little compartments where I can dry the shields from my breastpump and stack bottle caps . I wish it was a little bigger though !
 I love this because it has room for all of our bottles , nipples , pacifiers , spoons , etc. . We have very limited counter space in our home , so I love that it drains directly into the sink and can fit all of these things . Dishwasher safe too for when it gets grimey !
 This drying rack is small but holds everything I need . It holds up to 8 bottles and also has space for the rings , nipples and caps . I have not used the brush it came with because I already have one but I 'm sure it will get the job done if I ever have to use it . If you want something small but durable this item is for you .
 I have a dishwasher but prefer to hand wash and sterilize bottles and such . I bring this rack out , wash the items , sterilize them , and let them dry . I can move it easily from the kitchen to the dining room table -LRB- space is at a premium -RRB- . When I am done , I simply put it in the cabinet . I use it for bottles , breast pump accessories , and whatever else baby needs to be washed . Awesome !
 I do n't have much counter space and I am not blessed with a dishwasher - besides myself - so this works very well for me . I do n't much care for the brush that is included but the rack is very durable and takes up minimal space . It has plenty of room for a variety of bottles , etc. to dry . I would definitely recommend this product .
 This drying rack is a must have . It comfortably holds bottles and nipples . It comes with a cleaning brush , which is a plus . Also I have no problems with water remaining in the tray area .
 Definitely put this rack on your registry ! It 's great ! I like how it can drain into the sink . It has room for everything -LRB- nipples , rings , bottles -RRB- and comes with a bottle brush .
 We were n't going to buy a drying rack but I have to admit that we did end needing one . This one is great as it allows you to dry baby 's things without the rack being big , clunky or a space waster . It sits draining into our sink and does n't get into the way at all . Below it in the sink I keep a tub of soapy water for baby 's things only and just pop bottles into that to soak , put them into the sterilizer and then onto the rack . This rack is inexpensive and a great solution for people who do n't want baby 's things crowding the counter top . This , my Avent electric steam sterilizer , my First years day and night bottle warmer and my Prince Lionheart ultimate wipes warmer are THE BEST things I could have ever bought for my son !
 Fits all bottles -LRB- including DR. Brown 's -RRB- and compartments are great for smaller items such as nipples and bottle caps . Not too big and does n't take up too much space . Highly recommend .
 I received the drying rack as a gift for my baby shower and I just love it . It does n't take up a lot of space and holds everything from the bottles , nipples and caps . This is definitely a great system to have .
 This drying rack is easy to use , clean , and it comes with a cleaning brush . I 'm satisfied with it . The best part of having it is to keep your bottles from falling over if they have an angled neck or are straight , and of course it has an organizing area for the rings , spoons , and nipples . If you have a dishwasher , I recommend that you purchase the dishwasher containers also .
 I love this drying rack and I use it all day ! I do n't have a dishwasher , so I needed a place to store all those bottles and attachments before I sterilized them . It sits great on the side of the sink and holds everything ! I use avent bottles and you can line up four bottles -LRB- 9 oz . -RRB- plus their nipples and lids not to mention breast pump attachments and pacifiers !!!! WOW ! There are n't many things under 10 dollars that work this good . It even comes with a brush that works great for cleaning bottles , nipples , etc. . . and has a slot designed to hold the brush upright when not in use . This is a great companion for the Avent microwave sterilizer .
 This is great !! Get a Munchkin bottlebrush though . It has a sponge on the end as well as the tiny -LRB- hidden removable -RRB- brush in the other side of the handle .
 I looked at several styles before deciding on this one . I am very pleased with it - the size is just right , big enough to use on the counter and small enough to store away out of sight . Some styles only work for bottles , but this one holds sippy cups and lids , too , so it grows with your child . I use the Avent bottles - the small ones fit just fine , and I have had no problems with the larger Avent bottles either , but as previous reviewers noted the pegs are a little short and might be difficult for certain other brands . Still a great buy .
 This serves it 's function . Great to have .
 This rack is very convenient because it 's not too big yet large enough to hold a good amount of bottles . It drains nicely into the sink and even includes a bottle/nipple brush . A great rack for an inexpensive price .
 This is so handy in keeping everything organized . I know where everything is , because I keep it all in the drying rack . As soon as I am done with a bottle , I wash it right away and put it on the drying rack . I never need to fumble around looking for anything , which is helpful when I 'm in a hurry . We just started our daughter on rice cereal , and this holds her bowls and spoons perfectly .
 Does n't take up a whole lot of counter space and holds what I need til I need it !
 This drying rack is good . The scrub brush that comes with it is good for skinny bottles and the nipples of the bottle but not for wide bottles . Overall I am satisfied but I wish the rack had suctions on the bottom of it too keep it from sliding when you touch it .
 I 'm a new mommy , who is bottle feeding . Washing bottles every day is made easier with this drying rack . I can put up to eight Dr. Brown 's tall bottles on the rack at one time , along with parts . Since my baby 's currently taking a bottle every three hours , this handles all we need for one day . It drains nicely into the sink , and takes up little space . I store it every day after the job is done . This is a much better solution than trying to lay parts out on a dish cloth ! -LRB- I 'm not sure that short , wide bottles as made by Dr. Brown 's or Avent would fit , though . If you 're using those , this might not be the rack for you -RRB-
 We love this product ! It 's so easy to organize all of our bottles on this drying rack , and it is small enough to not get in the way . We use VentAire bottles , which each have 5 pieces , and we are still able to organize them well . I like that it comes with a bottle brush , but it honestly is n't the best one on the market -LRB- which is why I have only given this 4 stars -RRB- . I recommend spending a couple of extra dollars and getting the Munchkin 2 in 1 bottle brush . I do n't believe that they carry it on this site , but you should be able to get it in a Babies R Us or Target store .
 We travel up the seaboard several times a year and this dish rack is perfect to travel with . I can set it up at a family 's house in their kitchen and you wo n't know it there . It 's easy to clean . After 2 kids with nursing and bottle feeding , I got my money 's worth and them some . I recommend this to anyone and everyone I know . It 's a must !!!!
 This is very small but holds a good amount of stuff ! I 've put Avent Bottles -LRB- both 4 & 9 oz -RRB- in this . I like the fact that you can fold down the `` prong holders '' if you need more space . I also like the fact that there are a few compartments . I put the pacifiers and nipples in the one compartment . The brush is good , I have never had a problem with it . I have tried out several bottle types from Playtex to Dr. Browns . It fits all sizes . When I am not drying the bottles , I use this to dry the Avent hand held pump . This rack takes up no space at all .
 I used this drying rack in 2000 and again in 2005 with the birth of my two sons . I have to say that its perfect . It hold the bottles , nipples and everything in between . It also drains the water very nicely if you leave it on the very edge of the sink.A must have for a new baby !
 This item does what it says . It conveniently holds bottles , nipples and breast pump parts and allows drainage right into the sink . A great value too .
 I love this rack ... I wish it were bigger since I wash what seems like a hundred bottles a day . I do n't have a dishwasher . . ugh !! I have a large towel on the counter and I usually use this rack for the nipples . and the compartment for the pacifiers .
 i bought this after using a small dish drainer in the sink to place her bottles is . That only worked for a short while because I had no where to place rinse my dishes ! Plus with my husband coming home I knew I would have more dishes to rinse and meals to prepare -LRB- military -RRB- . I love this drain as I use the Avent bottles and can fit 6 to 8 on there and no worries over it falling over . I even have put a sippy cup -LRB- with all of its parts -RRB- on there and the things are dry in a short period of time ! I also have used the brush although it could be thicker but the small end is great for getting in the nipples.I would recommend this as it does not take up much space , holds alot , super easy to assemble and clean and has been very durable and stable on the counter ! Great price ...
 I was grateful to have this when I brought my son home from the hospital . It was helpful during those first few weeks when it seems like baby things are EVERYWHERE !! It does a good job of organizing the bottles , nipples and even has room for some pacificers . I also like that it can hold 2 different sizes of bottles . Great !!
 I * LOVE * this item . I do n't have a dishwasher and hand wash all baby items . I have used this for the past 8 months and could n't live without it . I do not have a problem with angled bottles as 1 reviewer did . All my baby 's bottles are angled now -LRB- from Avent to Vent-air -RRB- and it works wonderfully . Folds up nice to store when not in use . It 's a lifesaver !
 I use this rack all the time . It is not great for drying angled bottles because they will make the little pegs lay down . But it is great for large -LRB- playtex nurser -RRB- nipples and nipple rings .
 This is a must have . I have n't had the problem of the bottle holders colapsing like the other reviewer commented and I use Gerber and Platex bottles . I keep it by the sink and it drains well . Its nice to have a special place to keep baby 's bottles .
 This is a great purchase . I used it every day after work to wash out the bottles -LRB- Avent -RRB- that had been used to feed my daughter that day and the little bottles from my electric pump to get them ready for the next day . It was so easy to use and was small enough not to be annoying sitting there on my counter every day . The brush that came with it rusted after a while , but the blue Avent bottle brush fits in the brush holder just fine , so I used that instead . I also love that it 's dishwasher safe so when you start to think it 's getting nasty you can just throw it in the machine . Great price too !
 The storage capacity is great as well as the fact that it does n't take up a lot of space . The drainage design is also a plus . My only beef with this product is that the arm can fall back down and your bottles will drop in the sink . If they made the arms stable then it would be perfect . Overall a great product and had worked with all the bottles on the market . I would buy it again and have also given it at my friends showers . I recommend it to anyone who wants a nice place to leave your bottles to dry and save space .
 Was n't really looking for this when I bought it in the store , but knew I needed something to control the bottle clutter . After just one day of use , I loved it and wondered why I had n't bought it sooner ! I use it daily so it sits at the edge of the sink where the water can run off . It 's easy to clean when you need to . The bottle brush is great ! Wish it came with an extra brush or two . For $ 10 though - definitely worth the money .
 I use this rack daily , as we do n't have a dishwaser here in Italy . It does the job ! We use Dr. Browns bottles , and they fit just fine . The bottle/nipple brush works great . I like that the rack is sloped so the water just runs off . I put it over the edge of the sink so the water just goes in there !
 I am very happy with this rack ! You can rearrange the fold down bottle holders to fit more or less bottles , large or small ! I also really like the area for bottle accessories in the back . I use the Dr. Brown 's bottles , so the two internal pieces from those bottles can be thrown into the accessory portion for drying . It 's nice that it comes with a bottle brush that fits perfectly into it 's own spot on the rack , so that you do n't have to let it hang around the dirty sink getting food particles on it.My favorite part of this rack is that it fits perfectly next to my sink and drains right into the sink . I had originally bought a different rack that did n't drain into the sink , and there was always water sitting in it . We have really hard water where we live , so this rack keeps the water from pooling in it and causing mineral build up.Definitely worth the money ! Do n't waste your money on cheaper racks like I did -- buy this one first and be satisfied from the start !
 The best thing I like about this product is that they thought of everything . The design seems that it would only accommodate bottles and their parts , but I can almost store anything on it when I want to . Breast pump parts , pacifiers and upto six bottles alltogether . Since I use it several times a day , everyday , I actually placed a shelf above my kitchen sink and have given this drying rack a permanent place . The bottles dry openly without being an obstruction on the counter . Its a smooth transition of bottles and pump parts from the sink , onto the rack and then into the sterlizer . This rack has made washing baby bottles fun .
 I purchased this item a week ago and really should have had it a year ago -LRB- my daughter just turned 1 -RRB- . I had stored her bottles in her sterilizer and other baby items either in the dishwasher or on the dish rack . The Drying Rack is a catch all for all those items . It drains quite well and does n't take up a lot of room .
 I have used this product everyday along w / the bottle brush . It is small enough that it does n't take up much room on the kitchen counter . Also it is angled so the water drains into the sink .
 I really like this rack . It makes bottle washing so easy when you need to do it by hand . It 's easy to keep clean and sits very nicely on the edge of your sink for drainage . Not much more to say other than this one works just wonderfully .
 This is a great little rack . I just assembled this 3 days ago and I love it . Before that I was using a towel on the counter and placing everything on the towel . I am finding that everything dries better with the rack and that everything has a place . It does n't take up as much room on the counter as I originally thought it would.Now my counter looks much neater . That is a wonderful thing since I hate clutter and I have sooo much stuff that most of my house is now looking cluttered .
 This is one thing I could n't live without . I never even put it away . It is perfect for all sorts of bottles , paci 's , etc. . . Get one , you will be pleased !
 I do n't know what we would do without this little rack . Fits nicely on the counter without taking up too much room . Can accomodate different sized baby objects . A great purchase !
 This drying rack is a kitchen must for all organized and unorganized parents . It has a spot for everything , and is easy to assemble and clean ... what more could you ask for !
 So you 've sterilized all the baby equipment , and now what do you do with it while it is drying ? The regular dish rack is too large and drying items on a towel takes forever , not to mention too much counter space . I 've found this rack to be the perfect solution . It is small enough to tuck away easily when not in use , but large enough to hold lots of baby items . I can fit 3 breast pump attachments , 8 pacifiers , 2 bottles + nipples , covers and rings as well as 4 breast milk storage bottles easily . It is also very nice that it is angled to allow water to drain into the sink instead of pooling at the bottom of the rack . I also love how you can customize the configuration of the drying pegs , this ensures that the rack will remain useful long after bottles are a thing of the past . This is a great item !
 A bottle drying rack is a must have . If you have to hand-wash your bottles , they can dry here . If you are lucky and have a dishwasher you can store them here for easy access . The bottle/nipple brush is also a must have . These two things are extremely handy and make organization much easier .
 I love this drying rack . It 's the perfect size to hold everything and does n't take up much counter space at all . It keeps everything organized and ready to use all in one spot . When you 're a busy mom , you ca n't ask for more than that ! You can also rearrange the prongs to hold more/less bottles or accomodate larger items . Water drains nicely into the sink and the entire rack fits easily into the dishwasher for quick , no-fuss cleaning .
 I really like this drying rack . It really makes it easy to have sanitized bottles and brushes on hand . I throw it in the cabinet when I 'm not using it , which is something I could n't do with the big regular sized dish drying rack I was using . It was too big for this purpose . With a space for everything it also allows me to keep everything in the same area rather than different drawers .
 I received this rack as a baby shower gift . It 's great ! Not only you can use this rack for baby bottles and toddler cups , but also regular drinking cups . After my mom -LRB- who stayed with us and helped around the house for a few days -RRB- washed the mugs she and my dad used , she placed them on this rack to dry . When I realized she thought it was a small dish rack and I told her what it is , we laughed.The bottle and nipple brush in one is wonderful . You do n't have to keep track of two separate brushes . Plus , I love the brush holder . I always know where the brush is . : - -RRB-
 This bottle drying rack is wonderful . It really holds are good amount of bottles . Plus it keeps everything all organized . That is important since tiny parts are easy to loose . I love that I can hang dry my bottles and the nipples . I did n't like having to put them on a towel to dry because I was constantly using towels -LRB- kitchen germs -RRB- and the counter was always wet . This saves me laundry time and wet counters . It was inexpensive , easy to put together , and is easy and convenient to use .
 I really like this dryer as it keeps my baby 's bottles seperated and organized . It has a great tilt so that the water drains directly into the sink . It snaps together easily -- and is a cinch to clean and maintain . It is small enough that it is n't a hassle but big enough to handle our needs.One last point I would like to make is that I use the wide-necked bottles -LRB- Avent and Dr. Brown 's -RRB- exclusively without any problems . Sometimes it may be `` tight '' fitting everything in -- but this is a universal bottle drainer ... so that is to be expected . I find that this works very well and is certainly worth ten bucks !!
 We actually got The First Years rack as well as the Munchkin drying racks , and neither was very useful.The First Years Rack holds most bottles/accessories in the front , but did n't hold them very well in some cases . Dr. Brown 's bottles did n't fit well at all . The back area holds a scrubbing brush -LRB- which we liked - keeps it vertical and dry -RRB- , but was n't very good at holding nipples or bottle lids -LRB- from Playtex Naturalatch Bottles , in this case -RRB- . My wife took one look , tried to place a part or two and sent me back with it.Another option , the Munchkin Drying Rack holds lots of `` snap out '' pieces that fit in the Medela bottle lids -LRB- to close off breast milk after you pump -RRB- , but little else . The bottle holders are kind of nice 4-8 '' tall stalks you can put the bottle on , but the stalks are n't much use for nipples . We do n't use the lids with the snap out pieces , so it was pretty useless for us . It might be more helpful for those who use Tri-Flow bottles , since they are also made by Munchkin.The best rack we have found is from Prince Lionheart : http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/B00018XCJC/qid=1124937150/sr=8-6/ref=pd_bbs_6/002-3590167-9987266?v=glance&s;=baby&n;=507846It holds 8 bottles as well as other accessories on those same `` projections '' ... it has places to dry the miscellaneous little parts of a breast pump and can fit the breast pump shields with no problem . A side by side comparison of the three racks makes it no comparison !
 This drying rack is a great space saver ! I had no idea something so compact could hold so much ! It holds everything -LRB- bottles , nipples and tops -RRB- neatly and efficiently . It even had a little holder for the bottle brush that came with it ! For anyone short of space I highly recommend it !
 Great product I can not live without , I bought this about a month ago and wish I could have bought it sooner , It works great and it 's better than to leave them drying on a towel.Great shower gift too .
 I use a manual pump and have to take it apart to clean . This rack neatly holds all the parts and the bottles , nipples etc so I do n't have to dry things on a paper towel . You can also tilt the pegs for more / less space between the bottles . And it 's dishwashable too.A great item with thoughtful design .
 I got this as a shower gift , and it has been wonderful . I holds my Avent bottles with no problems and the brush that comes with it is wonderful since it fits into any bottle , nipple , etc. . My only complain would be that I wish it was a bit larger to store more bottles/nipples .
 * o not have to worry about putting baby 's dishes with ours . less germs to follow and very convenient . Thank you to the makers and innovators .
 I bought this thinking that I would get rid of it when my youngest stoped using the bottle , WRONG ! I use it for everything ; drinking glasses , tipsy cups , silverware , plates . I use it nearly every day . Also , the brush that it comes with helps clean those narrow tipsy cup openings , great idea ! I just bought this for a friend and I know she will enjoy it as well .
 Even breastfeeding moms need this ! We started out solely breastfeeding and this was a nice sterile place to dry pacifiers and breastpump parts that could n't dry well in the dishwasher . After we started supplementing with bottles at night we get even more use out of it ! You can pop the whole thing in the dishwasher when it needs it and it holds a lot . It 's good for small feeding utensils like spoons and sippy cups and lids for older kids too . We have wide-neck bottles so I use a munchkin big brush , but it stores just fine in the brush holder . It was a last-minute add-on to my baby registry , but I 've gotten tons of use out of it !
 This is a great product , holds everything perfectly . I do n't know what I would have used if not for this product ? It 's great !
 I wasa n't going to buy a separate drying rack at first , but am glad that I did . This rack has well spaced prongs and accomodates the bottle pieces well . -LRB- I 've been using Dr. Brown 's bottles -RRB- . It keeps things organized while they are drying .
 I originally just put my pacifiers , bottles , nipples , caps and breast pump pieces on a towel to dry after sterilizing . I 'm glad I bought this because the items seem to dry faster . Plus , on the towel , the inside of the bottles did n't dry , rather they seemed to fog up because the water was n't draining well . I think it 's worth the money .
 This is a great little drying rack for all your baby bottles . Does not take up a lot of space either . : -RRB-
 We bought this item with our first child and used it again with our second child . It worked great for drying bottles , nipples , pacifiers , and various other items . Of course you need to be able to hang it over the lip of the sink or have it somewhere the water can drip off of the rack .
 this drying rack works great . It fits my baby 's Avent bottles just fine and keeps everything organized . Very well worth the $ .
 We got this since we have a 2 year old and are due with our second in a few weeks . I love that This can hold my son 's sippy cups and all of the parts , as well as all of the little baby items that always seem to get misplaced . Since we do n't have a dishwasher , this helps , since I also use it for my son 's toddler plates , bowls and utensils . It 's small enough so it does n't take up alot of counter space , but big enough to do the job ! We definately reccommend this !
 This is a great idea and a must-have for bottle-fed babies . It takes up very little room near the sink and holds 8 bottles at one time ! I use it for sippy cups too ... and the included bottle brush is n't one of those cheap things , it really works . Here 's a great mom tip ... as the kids get older , use the drying rack to dry their mittens and gloves after a day of playing in the snow ! The pegs are the perfect size to slip a pair of icy mittens on !
 I use this item everyday . Not only for baby stuff but for adult things too if the opportunity happens . It washes easily in the dish washer.When I wash bottles and nipples in the dish washer , if I leave them in the washer too long and condensation collects on them , I can just rest them on the drying rack . It 's quite handy right next to the sink .
 This drain works great - fits all our bottles and their parts -LRB- we use the Playtex VentAire bottles -RRB- . We like that it keeps the bottles separate from all our other dishes , and the scrub brush works great for both the bottles and nipples . This is a great product at a fantastic price .
 Thi si great for hand washing or letting your bottles dry after getting them out of the dishwasher . It is perfect for all I need to do .
 Ditto the other reviews -- this one is great because it is angled to drain into your sink . The brush was not my favorite -- not as good as the kind with the sponge on the end -- but it is serviceable . As for the problems some people have had with larger bottles , the holders do tend to tip over unless you make sure to point every other bottle in the opposite direction to balance the weight -LRB- i.e. tilt one front , the next back , etc. -RRB- That takes care of the problem easily .
 Your bullet point # 4 states `` drains rectly into ... '' which I believe you meant to say , `` drains DIrectly ... '' , at least this is what I hope you meant .
 I really do n't know how good this item was . I drove a long way to the store and bought this item . When I got home , it was broken . It was like someone had driven over it . It was too far to go to take it back . I wasted $ 15 on this item .
 I love this drying rack . It has occasionally collapsed over and dropped bottles into the sink , but that 's a minor problem . I just re-arrange the bottles and it 's just fine . The bottle brush , however , is very flimsy . I used it for the first 3 months , and then it just snapped off the base . I found an even better one to use for my Avent bottles , but was disappointed that the one that came with this set broke so easily .
 This is a good idea . All of our dishes go in the dishwasher , so this is perfect for those baby bottles you would rather wash by hand . Not an overwhelming object either , so it does n't take up a lot of space and we keep it on the counter all the time .
 I registered for this rack/organizer and I am very glad I received it as a gift . Up until now , I only use VentAire bottles -LRB- both 8-Oz and 6-Oz -RRB- and this rack holds up 8 of them at a time with no problem . I just stack up the nipple attachments on the side compartment . The angled base is a great feature , however it is not useful if your sink has a lifted edge , like mine . But that 's not too much of a problem , I just drain it myself . It comes with a bottle brush , but the brush is too small to clean the VentAire bottles properly , so I just use another bottle brush .
 This item is great for all types of bottles , I love it and the price for it is even better .
 This is great for drying off the sterilized bottles and breastpump parts . I like that it comes with a brush . We have n't had the problems with it that the others have .
 This is one of the items on my new parent `` must-have list '' . It saves space , time , and makes life easier ! You wo n't regret this purchase .
 This drying rack has more features than my old one . That is why I decided to purchase this one . I like the drain feature and the size is not too big . Just right ... I would purchase this item for anyone expecting a child . It 's a nice little product .
 This item is great . Holds every size bottle , plus my breast pump . It 's easy to clean . Meets all my needs .
 This drying rack is wonderful ! My baby would not nurse so he is strictly bottle-fed , so we always have a lot of bottles to wash!This rack holds all the bottles , nipples , caps and the nipple rings ! I have small bottles , big bottles , fat bottles and skinny bottles this rack holds them all!If you have a lot of bottles to wash all the time -LRB- even good for sippy cups ! -RRB- , I totally recommend this rack .
 I love this drying rack -- so much that I bought another one for my mother 's house when we visit . It holds a lot of bottles and accommodates breast pump parts along with bottles , nipples , and cups . There 's even a place for drying smaller parts which is very convenient . And the bottle brush that comes with it is the absolute best I 've tried , especially for cleaning smaller Medela bottles and breast pump parts . I wish they 'd sell this bottle brush alone !!!
 I really did n't think we would use this that much , but it has been quite handy . It holds both small and large bottle and a large quantiy of them . It 's also very nice to have a place to store the bottle brush to let it dry .
 I have gone through atleast 3 or 4 of drying racks and always had problems with water staying in them . This one is tilted so it drains into the sink or on a papertowel . It is very sturdy and you can fit alot of bottles or cups . It also comes with a brush that is durable as well .
 Unlike other reviewers I have had no problem using the rack with my Dr. Brown 's .
 I bought this item just to clear up room on the dish rack , and it worked . The only thing is if you have wide bottle -LRB- like I do -RRB- not many will fit if you have nipples and rings included . Still is worth spending under $ 15 .
 THIS IS THE ONE PRODUCTS THAT I 'M STILL USING FROM ALL THE ONES I RECEIVED FOR MY BABY SHOWER -LRB- AND MY BABY WILL BE ALMOST TWO -RRB- . IT KEEPS YOU VERY ORGANIZED . YOU HAVE SPACE FOR BOTTLES , NIPPLES , LATER ON FOR CUPS , FORKS , SPOONS FOR YOUR TODDLER . I HIGHLY RECOMEND IT FOR ALL NEW MOMS.IT EASY TO CLEAN - POP IT INTO TOP SHELF OF DISHWASHING MACHINE AND IT 'S CLEAN . IT DOES N'T TAKE UP TO MUCH SPACE EITHER .
 I use this for drying bottle parts , baby spoons , etc. . . -LRB- nothing too large -RRB- and it works great . It takes up very little space on the counter , unlike a regular dish rack and it also come with a double ended bottle brush which fits into it 's own spot on the rack for storing . The only thing i do n't like about this is that the `` arms '' that hold the bottles up fold down too easily . -LRB- they can be folded down to accomodate different sized items in the rack , but tend to fall over if the item is too heavy -RRB- . But even with that minor problem , I 'm extremely glad I bought it since it 's helped to clean up the clutter of drying bottle parts on my counter top .
 I used these Medela bottles for a year and they stood up well to 5 days/week of pumping/feeding/washing -LRB- my son was exclusively breastmilk-fed , but I had to go back to work full-time at 2 months -RRB- . They are pricey , but overall I am glad I purchased them . I probably could have saved money buying cheaper storage containers or another bottle brand and using a conversion attachment to fit my Medela PISA pump -LRB- an Avent attachment is available through some Medela distributors or Avent -RRB- , but I just bought these for convenience , and glad I did . Convenience is important to help continue pumping and breastfeeding , especially if you are returning to work full-time . We never tried any other bottle brands to compare , but we never had any real gas or spit-up issues.My son was overwhelmed at first with the fast nipples too , so I bought some Gerber NUK orthodontic newborn slow-flow nipples from BBRUS -LRB- our pediatrician recommended orthodontic nipples , like the Medela 's -RRB- . When he was older -LRB- 4 months or so -RRB- he used these Medela nipples , and then around 8 months the Gerber NUK fast-flow nipples -LRB- note that the hole faces up when feeding from orthodontic nipples - this took us a little while to figure out -RRB- . I never used the discs that fit inside the collar rings , because I used the coller ring , nipple , and cap for the daycare bottles and the regular solid lids for the bottles I pumped at work . I have never had a leak , although maybe if I packed the bottles with nipples upside-down this might have happened.If you are returning to work and exclusively breastfeeding , I would recommend investing the money and getting 3 sets of these bottles
 This is an excellent product for the breasfeeding mom . My son took this nipple with no problems at four weeks old . I use these bottles when I have to pump . The only problem is that the bottles are only up to 5oz . My son is four months old and takes more than that , other than that I highly recommend this product .
 I love these it is so easy to pump into these bottles and put them in the freezer . All the siter has to do is dethaw and put a nipple on it . I loved them so much I bought 3 sets : - -RRB-
 I really like this set , because it saved me research time . I just had my first child and I had no idea about what products to by , what types of nipples to use , etc. . My baby loves the nipples that come with this set and he has no problem switching between the breast and the bottle . The set is easy to use and I have never had any leakage problems with it . When I am at work , I pump -LRB- medela travel-in-style -RRB- right into the bottle and then just screw the nipples and caps on and bring it right over to day care in the evenings and I place in the refrigerator for the next day ! If you plan to be a working mom and want to breast feed your child - this will help you make it as easy as possible .
 i use this to store breastmilk so my husband can feed the baby . i also use the bottles to freeze breastmilk . its great because its compatible for the medela pump but my baby isnt that fond of the nipples . i end up using the avent for feeding and transfer the milk from the medela . buy this if you are planning on storing a lot of milk . otherwise you are better off with avent or gerber new traditions .
 These bottles are great but are very pricey . I have a 2 month old and I was producing more more milk than he was drinking allowing me to store some in the freezer . I was hesitant to use the bags because I was afraid they would leak so I found myself wanting to buy more bottles , but for $ 18.99 for 6 , I needed to find another alternative . I did some research and found bottles made my Mother 's Milkmate -LRB- mothersmilkmate.com or on ebay -RRB- These bottles are compatible with the Madela breast pump and nipple rings . The refrigerator storage system is great too , you have to check out the website to understand what I mean . If you love these bottles , you 've love the milkmate ones as well.Hope this helps and saves you money !
 I had bought the advent bottles and my daughter always seemed to be struggling with the amount of milk that came out , especially when she was very young . The milk was always running down her chin and she gulped it . I had the medela pump in style and these bottles but never used it because I preferred the Advent manual pump ... until I returned to work . Once I started using the medela electric pump I tried the bottles and found that the nipples were great . She no longer had as much gas and seemed to be able to manage the milk flow much better ... sucked more like she did when she nursed . Guess the key is to only buy a few types of any bottle and give them all a try . If you read the mixed reviews , you realize all babies are different !
 I love these bottles , granted I do n't use all the stuff they come with it , I have my own nipples and rings . But I love the bottles and caps . I use them to freeze and store my breastmilk for daycare and they are sturdy and compact . Also , I just have to defrost them and they are ready to use . That 's why I chose not to use bags , they seemed like too much trouble - I would rather pay the extra money and have plenty of bottles . I have been using these bottles since I got home from the hospital and would bottle feed him from time to time . I only gave it 4 stars because I do n't use all the accessories , otherwise I would have said 5 stars .
 I bought several different bottles and nipples ; these always remained my favorite . I wish they had 8oz bottles as well . When my son needed bigger bottles , I bought bigger bottles but continued to use the madela lids , caps and nipples .
 I used this set with the Medela Pump in style for my daughter -LRB- now 20 months -RRB- and am about to purchase it again for number two . I went back to work when my daughter was 5 months , but breastfed her till she was 11 months , so had lots of experience with the set , which was small convenient , easy to use and interchangeable with other niples and bottles for when she got older . My only complaint is that I culd n't buy a steam steriliser to accompany the set -LRB- as you can with Avent systems -RRB- as boiling the bottles every day was a real chore .
 This is a must have for working moms who have the medela pumps . The extra bottles come in handy for transporting milk to daycare and for expressing milk on the job . Would n't live without the extra set .
 i love the pump in style breast pump , i tell everyone to buy it . but i like gerber 's storage bags because they have a ziplock seal . these bottles are ok , but my 4 month old baby hates bottles , so i havent had much luck with them .
 This is the best set I have seen ! It is so easy to go from the pump to the freezer to the bottle ! It makes me happy to know that even though I cant be there to feed him he is still getting my milk !
 Although I am delinquent in writing this review , I clearly remember this purchase and the quality of the medela product . It is well made , reliable , durable and helpful for breastfeeding moms . I recommend it to anyone who is doing so .
 I use the pump-in-style advanced breastpump , and I really like that these bottles screw right into the pump assembly . I like having many bottles on hand so that I do n't need to wash them every day . I do n't freeze my milk in these -LRB- I use Gerber bags -RRB- , but they 're great for temporary storage until pouring into the feeding bottles . I use Avent bottles as my baby seems to like the shape and flow of the newborn nipples -LRB- these nipples seem too fast-flowing -RRB- .
 I am exclusively breastfeeding my baby and am pumping extra so her dad can give her a bottle a day . The bottle size is perfect for newborns and infants under 1 year who are eating primarily at the breast and are just being given a few ounces of supplement size breastmilk or formula . My daughter prefers the breast , but she latched onto the Medela nipples without a problem , and did not experience any nipple confusion when going for her next feeding at the breast . The Medela nipples are very closely shaped like the real thing . Also , I love how the caps can be used for cup feedings , too.If you have a Pump In Style regular or advanced pump , you 'll really like how you can pump directly into these bottles . Plus , it 's good to have a few extra bottles that come with this kit , so you do n't have to constantly wash the few that came with the pump and always have clean ones on hand .
 I just love these Medela products . The bottles are great for storage -LRB- both freezer and fridge -RRB- . I really like that they hold more than 4 oz of milk . I have noticed my baby does n't spit up as much when she is fed using the Medela nipples . I like the fact that when you hold the bottle one way , the flow is slow and if you hold it the other way , the flow is a bit faster . It allows me to control how quickly she eats . If I notice she is eating to quickly , I just turn the bottle around and her eating slows down . She hardly spits up when I feed her from these bottles/nipples . And , I love the pop-out caps too . GREAT PRODUCT !!!! I 'm going to purchase more even tho I have a ton of evenflo bottles -LRB- they work with teh medela pump too -RRB- . I like the Medela bottles much better !!!
 It saves so much time . I work 10 hours a day and this set makes expressing milk much easier . I pump into the bottle with my Medela pump and put it in the cooler which keeps the milk cold all day . Then put the nipple on when I get home and its ready for the next day . She eats from the same bottle , no pouring milk from one bottle or bag to another which saves time , less chance for germs or bacteria to sneaking in your clean bottle and less to clean up . My daughter has no problem with the nipple it comes with and will go from breast to bottle and back with no problem . I have 3 sets so I always have 3 in my bag , 3 to 4 in the Ice Box and 3 or 4 in the dish washer . You always have what you need . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars was the milk will get freezer burn even if you fill it to 5 oz because of the air space left in the bottle . So for the freezer I will only suggest good quality breast milk bags . Breast feeding is the most precious gift you can give your baby its worth the time and effort .
 I do like this set . I have recently had to stop breastfeeding , but I still sterilize and use the bottles for mixing formula , but I know that my daughter will outgrow them soon -LRB- the bottles are only 5 oz . -RRB- . My only issue with the set are the nipples ... they are okay , they seem a little too flexible . My daughter sort of twists them up in her mouth and seems to get a lot more air than when we use the nipples the hospital gave us . However , the collars and caps are very convenient . All in all , not a bad purchase , even if i was only able to breastfeed for 6 weeks .
 My son had a very difficult time with a bottle . On the day I went back to work I called the nurse at my doctor 's office and she suggested trying these ones . I had the set and thought the nipple flow was too fast so I did not try it . I called my father in law who was at my house with my mother in law . He pulled the nipple out of the drawer , sterilized and my son immediately took to it . We tried every other nipple for three weeks and he could not latch on to it properly . He latches on to this similar to how he latches on to the breast , they work like a charm . The bottles are also a great size . I will recommend these to everyone who breastfeeds .
 We started using Avent bottles at 4 weeks . Our baby had a lot of gas and it seemed difficult for her to negotiate the newborn nipple . We accidently came across this Medela feeding set . She is able to eat more efficiently without the corresponding gas issue , or fuss . The shape , plastic softness and multiple holes seems to make her much happier while using a bottle . Now , at 11 weeks , we are still using this system successfully .
 These worked very well for us . Now that our daughter is much older we still use them - freeze water in them and use to ice knee or achilles and arch -LRB- can roll it -RRB- - makes for an excellent massage/icer post nursing use .
 I have not had a problem with using these bottles on my older model of the medela pump . Very helpful to have extras !
 These are the only bottles I use and they work well . They are very durable & dishwasher safe . I have a medela pump also . My daughter is breastfed and feeds from these well , except for with the slow flow nipples - I recommend a fast flow nipple unless you want to take over a half hour to feed your baby while he/she struggles to get the milk out . I should mention that she is not picky -LRB- becasue some babies are -RRB- about what type/brand of nipple she uses as long as the flow is not too slow .
 I love medela bottles , I love that they are BPA free . I love this product , I like the way it looks , the only thing I HATE are the bottle nipples . They look horrible and my two month old daughter does not like them at all . I went online and got other medela nipples , those she likes .
 I am really happy with this set . I bought two more sets to go with the ones that came with my Medela pump . It is really convenient to pump and store in the same container and then just attach the nipple and it 's ready for dad or babysitter to feed . My daughter really liked the nipple and she was a tough one to get to even take a bottle . She seems to latch the same as with me so it works great . I would highly reccommend this set .
 we used these bottle because they are compatible with the medela pump . the 5oz capacity is much better than the tiny 2oz ones . my wife was very happy when they came . I would check to make sure these do n't have bisphenol A -LRB- BPA -RRB- , we did n't know about back when we got them . fast shipping .
 These bottles are so easy to use - easy to store , easy to tote & our son has no problem using the nipples that come with this . We run them through the dishwasher & have thrown them in the deep freeze over & over - We have about 16 bottles & only one of the lids has ever cracked -LRB- our son is 6 months old -RRB- . They are n't available in our Target anymore , so I 'm glad we were able to find them here . Highly recommend to any mother who needs to pump significant amounts -LRB- for working , school , etc. -RRB- .
 I 've been pumping breast milk into these bottles for my son since he started `` school '' at 2.5 mos . I have the Medela pump in style pump . I have a few sets of these and the 2.5 ounce Medela freezer set of bottles that look like test tubes . I love that I can pump directly into the bottles and do n't have to use the disposable bags . I also love that Medela is a responsible company that makes BPA-free baby products . My only wish was that they had the 6 ounce marking on them - since they do hold 6 ounces . My son loves the nipples . He 's a breastfed baby , and had no problem transitioning to the orthodontic nipples at school -LRB- 2 bottles in the morning -RRB- and transitioning back to the breast when he was with me the rest of the day . In fact , these nipples were the only ones that flowed at the correct rate for him -RRB- . He also likes nuk pacifiers -LRB- also the orthodontic shape -RRB- , so it 's likely his preference - each baby is different ! Overall , these are fantastic - I 'm very pleased .
 The containers are great , and all total , I have eight of these containers . I also have four Lansinoh containers which also work with the medela pump that I have . I prefer the Medela 2.5 oz . containers for freezing because they have an area where you can write the date with a dry-erase marker . I have twenty-four of the 2.5 oz , and that is what I use for freezing . When using the bottle part of these , the nipple seems to have a much faster flow than the Nuk Orthodontic Slow Flow bottles as my son gets a lot of milk dribbling down his mouth and shirt when we use these . My son does very well on the Nuk Slow Flow bottles -- So I do n't use the nipple part very often , but the containers are nice and convenient and a great size for pumping and storing at work .
 These were the perfect size for storing my milk . I only had one problem , but it was fixed by the company VERY quickly . I had dropped two of the bottles and the tops of the lids sheared off . It seemed I would have had better luck storing the milk in a soda bottle ! Once I called the customer svc line for medela , they overnighted me 4 new lids free of charge . They were very understanding and willing to help . Even though I had a product that was n't as great it could have been -LRB- I just figured machines do get mucked up sometimes too -RRB- , the customer service made it worth it .
 We purchased these bottles as a way to store breastmilk so my husband could enjoy feeding our son . After I had difficulty nursing , I stopped breastfeeding when our son was 2 months old . These bottles proved more valuable than I had thought . They are great for moms who want to continue to give their babies the benefits of breastfeeding but are unable to . I love them because they were great for pumping because they fit right onto any Medela pump , then you can either use it to feed your baby by adding the nipple , or store it in the fridge or freezer . I especially liked them because it had markings in ounces to let me know how much I pumped . I never had to guess if my son was getting enough milk . The nipple appeared to give our son the same feeling as if he were breastfeeding . He had to work at sucking like he did when he was breastfeeding unlike the usual bottles where it steadily flowed into his mouth . I would recommend these bottles to anyone who is going back to work and is pumping , anyone who wants to breastfeed but ca n't or has difficulty or anyone who wants to store a supply of breastmilk .
 If you have a medela pump , you will need one or two sets of these bottles for milk storage and feeding . I originally starting pumping and storing the milk in the freezer bags -LRB- Lansinoh bags are the absolute best bags , no leaking , double zipper seals , very strong , and hold six ounces-the others only hold five -RRB- but when i discovered that I could freeze these bottles , i realized it would be much easier to pump into them and feed straight out of them . The nipples that came with the set were the weirdest ever , my baby just hated them so we do n't use them at all . The caps are very handy too . The bottles will hold a full six ounces of milk , although you do n't want to freeze them with that much milk , as you have to leave room in the bottle for expansion . The rings and nipples from our Gerber bottles fill just right , as would any other rings and nipples , i would imagine . They 're pretty much universal in size , so if your baby does n't like these nipples , just buy an inexpensive pack from another brand . I bought this set at Target , for about the same price as on this site , except without the shipping fee . I must say , I 've been impressed with my pump in style advanced pump , and would n't trade it for anything else . If you 're going to have the best pump , might as well have the best of bottles to go with it . These bottles are easy to clean with a bottle brush , or in the dishwasher . Make sure you have plenty , since you 'll need two bottles to pump into each time . It does get tedious washing them frequently . Hope this review helps you ... good luck .
 I am a working mom who pumps and feeds my son from the bottle . He had a problem with spitting up . We bought 2 of these when I was going back to work so that we could have bottles at home for the day and I could take some to work . The nipples turned out to be the best that we have tried yet ! They take a little getting used to because the baby has to put his whole mouth on it and get his lips in the little grooves , but once they get used to it they were wonderful ! The hole being on top of the nipple keeps him from gulping so much and solved his spitting up problem . I have n't had any problems with leaks or anything . I love that it came with the solid caps AND the caps with the pop out middle for the nipple AND the nipple cover . We did n't buy them online so we paid a little more than the price here . I still think they are a great value . I will buy more and this time get them for the online price !
 The medela bottles are fine for collection which is what I use them for . Then I pour the milk into Avent bottles . Anyway , I got sick of washing the Medela bottles EVERYDAY , but did n't want to shell out the $ $ for more Medela bottles . Gerber bottles work just as well on the pump and are only $ 1 per bottle !!
 I have never had problems with these bottles leaking if stored correctly . I use the discs with the nipples when traveling so that I do n't need the full caps except for storage . Honestly I do n't use these to freeze , because it would be too expensive . I use the Lansinoh bags for that and these work great for the fridge and shorter term storage . The strange little nipples are the first ones that help my son with a latching problem . He always sucked air when he fed , that is no problem with these , and are really the only reason I buy this product as opposed to other less expensive bottles for storage .
 I like that the caps seal well , the bottles fit in the ice pack that comes with the pump in style advanced breast pump . When my baby was ready for a faster flow nipple , however , I have been unable to find them -LRB- my guess is that Medela does n't make them -RRB- . So now my little boy is used to these Medela slow flow nipples but I have to get him used to something else now that he is getting bigger . Ah well . I am still happy with my purchase .
 While I didnt like the breast pump too much , the accessories are great ! Provides more then enough storage with no leaky caps .
 I needed to pump when I went back to work and I bought a couple of these on top of those that were provided with the Medela Pump In Style . They are very resistant , easy to clean , and the rings and caps are very useful.I only put 4 stars because the nipples are useless if your baby is already using another brand , and I would have prefered another bottle and accessories instead .
 I use this to refrigerate after I pump when I know I will be using the milk soon . It works well for this purpose .
 I love these bottles because the nipples are perfect for newborns accustomed to the -LSB- ... -RSB- ! They are slow enough so baby wo n't take in to much milk and choke ! Even if you do n't own a medela pump , these bottles are the best for formula too !!
 We use this storage and feeding set every day . We bought other feeding bottles , but having the breastmilk in these bottles for sure creates convenience with great speed . We use these to store the milk in the freezer and/or fridge , and then whenever baby is hungry daddy or/and sitter simply attaches the nipple and cap , places bottle in bottle-warmer and - voila - it 's all ready in a matter of a few mins . No fuss transferring milk from freezer bags into bottles . Also , because nipple is on the bottle when bottle placed in the warmer , the nipple gets all warm and supple , which our baby prefers -LRB- rather than having a cold/harder nipple -RRB- .
 I bought this set for use with my second child . It helps to have more bottles around when she needed to go to daycare and I needed to pump . I use the bottles and different nipples to feed her and then use the bottles from this set to pump with . She did not take to the nipples that came with this set -- but they are very nice and if she had it would have been perfect . The bottle hold 6 oz so once your baby is taking more than 6 oz you would not be able to use them to feed with . Overall -- I am so happy with the Medela bottles and pump !!!
 Just what I wanted . Perfect additions to my Medela pump .
 These of course work great with your Medela pump to pump milk into and store , but me and my 8 week old son hate the nipples that come with them ; the hole is so big he nearly choked . I just replaced the nipples with some size 1 Nuk nipples and it works better , but I decided to just stick with my regular bottles and use these for milk storage . They seem pretty airtight and spill proof and they are a lot more convienient than pumping into a bag ! Only problem is , like you do with bottles , you have to wash and sterileze them . But I think in the end you save more money since they are n't disposable .
 These bottles are the only ones that my daughter will take . The day she came home we started useing the Avent system but started using these once my milk came in because we did n't have to transfer the milk into Avent bottles after being pumped . From then on it has been smooth sailing ... the nipples are really soft and flexible , the hole is on the top of the nipple so she does n't get squirted in the back of the throat and choke . I do have a few complaints though , I agree that the `` sealing disk '' are a silly thing , I ended up only using the whole caps . Also , the nipples only come -LRB- as far as I know -RRB- in `` slow flow '' and my daughter sucks so hard that the nipple will sometimes go from round to flat because she creates so much suction on it . Other than that , they are the only bottles my `` bottle snob '' will currently take .
 I exclusively breast feed my 8 month old son and when I went back to work I had a really hard time finding a bottle that he would take . I tried several and had no luck . After refusing to take a bottle for a week and a half at day care my son finally took the Melela bottle ! This Medela feeding set saved me !! My son takes these bottles with no problem anymore . Now I can have someone else feed him and I can run to the store ! I would highly recommend this product !
 This is really handy with the mini electric pump that I have . I can pump straight into the bottles . I just use the bottle occasionally so this item works great for me . The nipples are a fast flow so the first time I fed my baby , the milk flow was too fast . I just picked up geber nuk slow flow nipples and it 's perfect for my baby .
 I got the Medela bottles because I intended on breast feeding my child . Unfortunatly I was unable to do that . But these bottles work wonderfully with formula!My daughter retains much less air with the Medela nipples and she seems to prefer the shape as well . I found that when I sterilize Gerber nipples they become `` gummy '' and `` sticky '' , but the Medela brand holds up very well in our sterilizer.I think the Medela bottles stand the test of time , which ends up saving you money in the long run and my baby LOVES them !
 If you own a Medela pump then you have to have these bottles . They fit right on the pump and when you 're finished expressing milk , just seal them with the two piece cap -LRB- middle pops out to insert a nipple for feeding -RRB- and store them . The bags are great for freezing but I still use these for collecting and storing in the fridge . The nipples and caps are convenient for feeding a quick bottle . I think they leak a little more than other bottles but ca n't be beat for the convenience and eliminating the need to pore into another bottle for feeding .
 These are great for pumping and storing . Am very happy with them in that respect but baby did have problems feeding from this bottle so we went to the Avent for feedings . So basically we only use the bottles and screw on lids and that is it .
 We 've been using this set for our 4 month old and I love the fact I can pump right into the bottles and freeze or refrigerate . It 's easy to put the nipple/ring on later for feeding . A big selling point is they are BPA free and 5 oz bottles .
 The bottles are the perfect size for one feeding . My newborn loves the nipples on those bottles and he cries when I tried to give him a different bottle . Works great with the medela pumps and is perfect for storage . It is one of the few bottles out there that is BPA free .
 The extra bottles and nipples are great for storage . We ended up getting the cheap Gerber bottles with silicone nipples also , and they work just as well . My 4 mo. old actually prefers the inexpensive nipples . I use both types of bottles for pumping with my Medela Double Select Breastpump . Save some money for diapers !
 I use these to pump & store my milk with the Medela Harmony pump . Each bottle is the perfect amount for 1-2 feedings for my 6-week old baby . But the nipples are worthless -- not shaped like me in the least -LRB- and probably like no one ! -RRB- -- my husband tried them once while I was away -LRB- when we first bought them -RRB- and she hated them . Instead we pour the milk into a Playtex drop-ins system bottle with the big slow-flow nipple .
 These bottles are great because they 're very durable and fit well on the pump . My 8 week old breastfed baby found the nipples easy to latch on to , but the flow occasionally choked him . He does better with the Avent nipples . If you 're working full time and looking for some extra bottles to use with your Pump in Style , Babies R Us sells a four pack of Evenflo classic bottles for $ 3.99 which fit perfectly , are dishwasher safe and also sturdy . They do not , however , come with extra nipples . They 're great for storage of fresh breastmilk in the fridge that will be used for the workweek .
 I love these bottles ! The one-piece caps are wonderful for freezer storage and travel and the nipple covers work suprisingly well as small cups -LRB- for toddlers or babies how do n't take bottles well -RRB- .
 Working full-time and pumping at work and at home . Needed the extra set . Did n't hurt when I saw them come with the nipples for those emergency feedings in the car !
 I bought this as a craft item , i sewed fabric onto it to use as a changing pad and it is just great !
 Very helpful for a child that has a bed wetting problem . This item saves your mattress . Can help also with an elderly person .
 I bought this pad to protect our bedding from all the spit up , diaper leaks , and you name it that comes from a baby . After reading the many reviews about the product material pilling , I was a bit concerned but decided to buy it and see for myself . I ended up buying 3 Continental Quilting waterproof pads to have around the house and also for back up so I 'd always have a clean one if the others got dirty . Boy am I happy with this product ! It is perfectly sized , not too big , not too small , and completely waterproof as advertised . I 've sent mine through the wash plenty of times and I 'm happy to report that not a single one has had any pilling to speak of , considering that I have 3 of them I do n't think it 's luck of the draw that all three have not had any pilling . The fabric is not very soft however I just put a thin blanket over the pad so that my daughter is only in direct contact with the blanket covering the pad . Love this pad !
 This pad fits my Arm 's Reach Co-sleeper great . I bought this to put between the mattress and sheet . The pad gives it more cushion and will absorb any leaks if they happen . I washed it and the pad washed great .
 This is a lifesaver ! My son wakes up wet but the mattress pad is still dry 98 % of the time .
 This waterproof pad is relatively inexpensive and a huge time saver when the diaper leaks or the baby spits up . I know that some people make up the bed with one of the pads and then place another pad and sheet on top so that when there is an accident they just remove the top layer . Thus , avoiding an entire bedding change in the middle of the night . Genius ! There is a lot of pilling after washing but it has no effect on function and it is underneath the sheet anyway so it 's not an issue .
 I have been potty training my child and it was such a pain to wash the sheet and mattress pad each time there was an accident . I bought one of these and it is such a huge time -LRB- and laundry -RRB- saver ! My only regret was that I did not buy more than one - so I ordered 2 more to cover the entire length of the twin mattress . Washes well in the laundry and a very good size -LRB- 2 would cover about 90 % of a twin mattress -RRB- . A must have for moms potty training their kids !
 These are very absorbant . I have several and I love them . They 're very reasonable in price . A +
 I bought it for the playpen , which it says it fits . It does n't . It is a little to big , but I managed to make it work . I bought it because I can use it on his crib or it says a twin bed , which is would be too small for . It does it 's job at keeping the bed clean from wetness which is all I need .
 I placed one of these pads -LRB- the large size -RRB- on my registry with my now 15 month old son ... I 'm currently 51/2 months pregnant with his sibling and added 3 more to my registry . I love these things . They 're great as a matress pad underneath baby 's sheet in the crib and as several people have mentioned they work wonderfully as a wetness barrier in the various pack-n-play/portable crib units out there . This was a huge factor for me since the pack-n-play matresses are n't easily washable . I use the smaller pads as protection during diaper changes and they 've been perfect for that little task as well . I 've never had a pad -LRB- large or small -RRB- leak through -LRB- and my son was a prolific wetter when he was younger ! -RRB- in the 15 months I 've been using them . They wash well and hold their shape too , unlike other lap pads I 've seen out there . Yes , after nearly a year and a half of use my large pad does have a few stains here and there but those are covered with by the sheet on his bed and the stains certainly do n't stop the leakage protection that these pads provide . I guess I just have better things to worry about as a mom than whether or not my son 's matress pad -LRB- or lap pads - for the smaller size -RRB- have stains on them or not !
 I recommend the large quilted multi-use pad in addition to the mattress pad . I have about 4 of them and they are essential . I use John Lennon receiving blankets -LRB- 6 is a good number -RRB- with the quilted multi-use pad underneath to be prepared for spills and smudges on my contoured changing pad . I do the same on his crib to save me the headache of changing crib sheets which are very tedious to get off and on . It 's nearly impossible to do when you 've had a c-section , and not a good idea to strain yourself .
 These are great to lay baby on for diaper changes , or to place over a matress incase your little one has accidents at night.My son spits up very bad after his bottles so I use one of these to line his seat before I sit him in it , I will even lay him on it when he is on the floor to keep the spit up off the carpet -LRB- it 's very difficult to get out of carpet -RRB- .
 When i had my son , these pads were a godsent ... i used them for everything from in the crib , to on the floor ... i sent my husband to the store many times to pick up more . -LRB- we did n't have a washer and dryer in the apartment so it was easier to just buy more -RRB- great price , great product , ... a must for any parents of newborns .
 These pads are wonderful !! I began using them for my daughter in both her portable crib and regular crib as an infant . Now that she has moved into a `` big girl bed '' at 2 I also use them under her sheet to protect her mattress for those occasional nights when she wets through her diaper . They are great and have held up wonderfully wash after wash . Very affordable and very versatile .
 This pad is great to place under your sheets in parent 's bed where mom sleeps and nurses . Just the right size to shield mattress from excess breastmilk !
 These waterproof pads are a must have . They have so many uses . I had alot of them in different sizes with my first child and will purchase new ones for my next child .
 I have several of these - one under the sheet on the crib and one under the sheet to my pack and play . LOVE THEM ! Great item to have !
 This pad is perfect for our playard . I put it under the sheet and I have no worries about trying to clean the matress board since the material can not come off . It is very soft , provides an extra layer of padding since playards are so hard , and it can be washed and dried in the machines no problem . Even when we go on vacation we pack it up with the playard . Great investment for your babies saftey , babies confort , your sanity -LRB- when trying to wash the playard matress -RRB- , and what makes this even better is the price !!!!
 I cant live without these pads ! I use them in the crib under the sheet and I use them as changing pads . They make other sizes too . Highly recommended .
 This pad can be used for anything ! I use one under my sheets in the area my son likes to spit up on , under him during `` let 's give that touschi some air '' time , and as a take along for diaper changes ... no one 's going to tell you but they secretly do n't want you to change your baby on their bed or sofa ! Go figure.Also , unlike their cousin the ` Quilted Crib Mattress Pad ' it does n't pill up enough to care .
 I have several of these and I am quite pleased with them . They have held up well after many washings , with the exception that they get those little lint balls on them , but that 's just cosmetic . These pads have saved my bed sheets and my furniture from many mishaps . They are a good buy for the money .
 What I like about these pads are the way the do n't slip around at all when you lay them down on carpet or flannel sheets . My daughter has started resisting being changed on her changing table , so I use these pads to change her on differnt floors in our house . And awhile back when she had a particularly upset stomach and lots of diaper blow-outs we kept her on top of these pads all day , whether she was sleeping in her crib or anywhere . They worked wonderfully . They come clean easily and I do n't mind that the cotton pills up . That helps to keep it from shifting on carpeted floors .
 I use this pad on top of my son 's mattress as well as the smaller sizes for his playard bassinet and the changing table . They may not be the softest on the market but they work very well . For the price , you can afford to buy several so that you do n't have to do laundry as often . The only thing I did n't like about these pads is they seem to shrink a bit when put into the dryer . My advice is to line dry them to avoid this problem .
 These pads have definitely come in handy . They are super absorbent , very easy to clean and a perfect size for many different things . When my daughter first came home I used them under her , on my counter near the sink to sponge bathe her . I have one on my changing table that came with my Pack n Play . I also use on on the floor under her activity gym -LRB- Sparkling Symphony Gym -RRB- since it does n't include a mat . I also have two at Grandma 's for changing and laying on the bed . They are used frequently and really do hold up to alot of abuse . I would recommend buying a pack even if you do n't think you 'll need them because I guarantee they will be put to good use .
 These pads are very waterproof , yet pretty soft and quilted . My daughter is a wetting machine and always surprises me as soon as I get her diaper off . These pads have saved my changing table . I fold them in two and when she wets one side I spray Bac-out on the wet spot and refold the wet spot inside so that I can re-use the pad one more time . Very nice size .
 I use this and the smaller ones all the time . I have this in the crib as a mattress pad , I put it on the changing table over the cover for an extra barrier . I use the smaller ones when traveling to lay down to change my child in public areas -LRB- those koala tables -RRB- They are durable and easy to clean . Everyone should have a few of these .
 I love these pads ! After reviewing many reviewers I decide to buy one and try it . It is so soft and absorbent ! Mine has not pilled and has gone through many washings . I ended using it in my diaper bag since the changing places in public restrooms do n't always appear clean . It fits so much better in my diaper bag than a bulky changing pad and my daughter likes better since not cold . I bought more of these and left one in her cosleeper for leaks and as a changing pad at night so no trips to nursery . Another was placed downstairs with wipes and diapers in a basket for quick changes on the couch and everyone loved using them.Great price and you will get your moneys worth out of them . They go anywhere and we left one at grandmas and one in the car for changing on the seat when not convenient to change elsewhere . Will use for next bundle of joy !
 Of all of my baby purchases , these have been used the most ! I have three that I keep around -- one for the diaper bag , one for the bedroom , and one for the laundry -- and I do n't know what I would do without them . Since my baby is only 6 weeks old , I keep him in the bedroom with me at night . I just throw one of these on the bed when I 'm changing him at night so I do n't have to walk across the house to his room to use the changing table . It is water resistant -LRB- and everything baby can `` spill '' on it resistant -RRB- and it is large enough so that if my little guy starts to go to the bathroom while I am changing his diaper , it gets on this pad instead of the bed . The one in the diaper bag is also very useful -- much more practical than the plastic covered changing pads that come with diaper bags . Because this is much larger , and absorbant , I just throw it out on the seat of the car , or on the public restroom changing table , or on the floor , or wherever I need to change him , and it covers a nice large area -- I do n't have to worry about him touching any dirty surfaces . I will buy these for all of my frieds having babies -- I recommed getting at least 3 or 4 of them to keep around !
 I initially got two of these for the crib . I started using this pad folded in half -LRB- and some of the x-large waterproof lap pads at their full size -RRB- on the changing table . I layered them so the accidents would n't get the baby completely wet or messy . If she has an accident while changing I just pull up one pad and I 'm ready for the next changing . Occasionally -LRB- usually only happened in the first three months -RRB- I got all the way down to the mattress pad cover before a washing day . After I got a few more of these I started using them everywhere . When I put the bassinet feature of the play yard away , I found out they fit in the play yard perfectly . I love these pads and the smaller size -LRB- but called x-large lap pads -RRB- .
 I do n't know how any parents get along with out these ! They fit perfectly in my son 's bassinet , and were great for changing in the middle of the night when I ddid n't want to drag him all the way to the changing area . We still use them now that my son is pushing 2 years , in his stroller , carseat , and as a changing pad in general . I even turned some into waterproof diaper covers -LRB- for cloth diapers -RRB- , bibs , and art smocks ! Now , pregnant with baby number 2 , we 're back for more !
 I like these pads better than the Especially for Baby brand . These do not fall apart after the first wash -LRB- see my review for the Especially for Baby waterproof pad -RRB- . These are very absorbent and durable , protecting your changing table or crib .
 These are great to put under a Pack-N-Play , or on top of a changing table . Or even to change baby on the floor , or on the go . They are soft , absorbent , and portable .
 I use this for my portable changing pad and under the sheet in my daughters cradle . It is a bit wide for my cradle , so I just tuck in the sides . It is wide for the portable changing pad , but still works good !
 We use these on the changing table , in the crib , on our bed , on the floor , in the play yard , when out and about , while traveling . We never leave the house without at least one.Luckily our little guy does n't have too many accidents , but it is wonderful not to have to strip off the crib sheet every time his diaper leaks.They also are excellent for use away from home . He is a little too big now for the little pads that come with diaper bags -LRB- also too mobile -RRB- but these pads are big enough that they give us some flexibility . Its hard to have too many of these .
 After washing once according to package instructions , the pad became quite `` pilly . '' Although my baby is not here yet , I am getting her nursery ready by washing all bedding . I thought this would wash up a little nicer . However , the real test will come when she wets and I see how well it absorbs . Sounds like it will do a good job , and that is the most important thing .
 These pads are great . I 'm using them on my contoured changing pad - on top of the terry cover . When my little girl decides to go before I get another diaper on her , this pad soaks up everything , leaving the terry cover underneath dry and clean . This allows me to pick her up , pull the pad off , and then I can put her back down again on a dry , covered changing pad .
 Yes they do pill when washed , but they work great ! I 'm more concerned about how well they work than their appearance . They have saved our bed , couch , changing table and our son 's crib from his little sprinkler . The large ones can be folded over wet spots and used more than once . The smaller size has been indispensible as well around the house and in his diaper bag . I highly recommend these .
 I love my pad , I use it under my bassinet sheet . It has proven to be very durable . I also have the mattress pad made by this company as well . Worth every penny !
 I have a 9 month old daughter and we still use these multi-use pads . We have had to sleep on the couch a few times due to her having a bad cold and I put one of the pads on the couch under a sheet , to protect the couch from accidents in the night . I also use one of the pads on our changing station . Hope this helps : -RRB-
 This product seems great . You can use it for every purpose which involves your baby . We have them in different sizes for the Crib , bassinett , playard , and just extra changing pads for middle of the night changes and carry around pad . They absorb great and wash with no problems . I tumble dry low , that way they keep their shape longer . Take them everywhere and dont have to worry about laying your little one on hard cold surfaces when diaper changing . Very affordable and worth every penny . I highly recommend to every parent .
 I used this to protect the Pack N Play and crib mattresses , which proved very effective . However , as a regular changing pad , it spends more time in the bleach bucket than in the nursery ! Regular burp cloths are softer on Baby 's face and less bulky . The only reason I can think to use the quarter sized sheets is for the annual visit with Santa . Santa might appreciate that !
 I am on my way to the store to buy this pad . I have used the smaller size as bassinet pads for the last several months and I have the mattress size which I will be using in another month or so . I 'm buying these to use as mattress pads for my Pack & Play as we will be using it as the baby 's bed for over a week on vacation . I have not noticed any pilling , and would recommend these to everyone .
 I use this thing ALL of the time ... for belly time , for a soft changing place on the floor or on the go , we have one in the car that the dogs have taken over -- they 're useful for everything , easy to wash and only get softer with use . I could n't live without this product !
 These pads are soft and absorbent - just the right size to put on a cradle . The smaller size is perfect for laying on top of a changing table . They wash well and I have n't noticed shrinkage . Good value and worth having a couple of different sizes on hand .
 I bought two of these and I just love them . I use both of them at the same time -- one for his head , the other for his butt . They do the trick of catching spit-up , vomit , and leaking diaper problems . These pads save me a lot of time beacuse I do n't have to worry about doing the sheets all the time . They 're getting a little fuzzy now that they 've been through the wash a few times , but for $ 7 , I think these pads are a great buy !!
 I was so pleased with these pads that I went and bought more . I use them on my changing table , and I always have one in my diaper bag just in case.My son has had numerous accidents on them and not once has it gone through to the other side ... for this reason I give these pads 5 stars .
 I bought two of them when my baby was born -LRB- he 's 9 months now -RRB- and I ca n't imagine what I would do without them . They work great in the crib under his sheets , and have saved me from changing the giant fitted mattress cover ! The only complaint I have is that I also agree with others in that after one washing they 're covered in pills . They 're easily removable with a pill remover like the one you use on sweaters , but it 's a giant pain . Definitely buy the white ones . They do n't look as worn .
 I had initially bought the terry-cloth covers for my contoured changing pad , but after washing them , they shrunk horribly . I reverted to this pad and it has worked out great . I throw one on the changing pad and use the other one around the house or when I 'm traveling . They offer great quality for the price . A good buy !
 I keep one of these under the mattress pad in the crib - it 's great for doubling up on protection ! : -RRB-
 I use this pad on the floor under the training potty in my kids ' rooms -LRB- for naptime and at night -RRB- . It has protected the carpet on more than one occasion . So it 's a good buy in my opinion .
 I have at least 4 of these for changing purposes , and I could not live without them . They are excellent , absorbent , do not stain , and wash well .
 I really like these , I use them when I 'm at someone 's house and need to change the baby , I just lay her on the pad on the floor or bed , and I do n't have to worry about any accidents . It 's also nice to lay her on when she 's on the couch to avoid spit-up stains . They get a little pilled after a wash , but they are a good buy for the price .
 I use this pad for a lot of things . When my baby was still able to use the bassinet/changing table by graco , i used it on the changing table . when she was taking baths in the sink , i used the pad for padding to lay her down on . it 's bigger then most portable changing pads , so i use it as a changing pad now . i love it .
 I bought 2 , 2 years ago with my first child and absolutly love them . They stop everything from going onto his mattress I never have to clean it just take off the sheet and pad and change it . I am now expecting child number 2 and am investing in a couple more . great buy ca n't go wrong or beat the price !!!
 I bought this pad with the idea that I would use it for the crib and as a changing pad for the pack n play . There are many nights I have used this on the living room floor . It 's great because it 's water proof but does not feel like vinyl , it has almost a flannel feel to the fabric which makes it easy for me to put my baby on , it does n't wake her up for the 3:00 am change .
 I read all the reviews and decided to try this -LRB- since I did n't purchase a changing table -RRB- . For the amount it cost it was well worth it !!! The pad is so quilted , easy to wash and huge ! I actually fold it in half to lay my little one when I change her diaper . Also it travels light , you just fold it in fourths and put in your diaper bag . I am in the process of getting at least 2 more !
 We were able to use these along with the smaller versions of them over and over . If they were stained you can just throw them in the washer . I used them around the house in his changing pads and bassinet and his crib . I also used them in the car when we had to change him while we were out . They are completely waterproof and so we found several helpful uses for them . Definately a must have item . We had one pkg of the large ones and one pkg of the small ones .
 We have four of these pads and have used them everywhere - under the sheet in the Pack n ' Play , under the cover for the changing pad , in the diaper bag AS a changing pad ! They are super absorbent -LRB- nothing has ever leaked through -RRB- and they wash up wonderfully . They have saved our Pack n ' Play ` mattress ' from numerous accidents . I am also certain that by now we would have had to replace the pad on our changing table if it were n't for these saving the piddles from ruining the vinyl . Ours have had 16 months of constant use and they are still going strong ! These are a must have to have on hand . You will find endless uses for them . I also strongly recommend the fitted crib mattress cover by this same company . It is the same quality/material as these smaller pads .
 We use this pad on our pack & play changing station and it fits perfectly ! I have also used it a number of other places , it 's quilted just enough to cushion and washes well . We have had many things on this and they all come out in the wash !
 With two month old twin girls , I use my changing table often . I use the multi use pads to protect the changing table pad/cover . I have several of the quilted pads so I can easily change the pad and wash several at once . They are also great for travel or even at other locations in the home where you want to protect baby !! As an aside , I have also found the Huggies disposable pads very useful . I would recommend buying some of the disposable pads -LRB- which are also waterproof -RRB- and see how you like them . Of course , the disposable pads are probably a more expensive alternative but VERY convenient . The disposable pads are also great for travel and could eliminate the need to buy this pad . The quilted multi-use pad is larger however and provides some cushion -LRB- although not much -RRB- than the disposable pads , which is a plus . The disposable pads are paper thin and do not provide any cushioning.This pad is just as it is named - great for multiple uses .
 I have purchased a few of these . They are versatile and I love them . I use one on my changing table , I keep one in the bedroom for when I need to change my baby in there . Once I go back to work , I will have one for my mother 's house . This pad keeps whereever you use this dry . My only complaint is that after a few times in the wash , it starts getting the fuzzies ! But why complain - for the price , its worth it .
 It is very useful to protect the mattress during nights specially for toddlers . I 'd found it very practical , you can wasch and dry in machine and it does not deform .
 Our son is now 9 months old and we have used this changing pad since birth . We have been happy with it . We actually keep it tucked under the coffee table for when we change him in the living room . We havent had any problem with it leaking through . On those occasions when he has `` suprised '' us between diapers , the pad has wiped clean easily with a wipe.I had origionally bought it to keep in a diaper bag , but most come with their own pads anyway , so we never needed to . I think it would be a bit large for a diaper bag .
 This pad fits perfectly into my daughters diaper bag . So when we 're out and she needs her diaper to be changed , I just put this down ontop of the table to change her . Do n't listen to the bad reviews given about how it leaks through . If you know how to change a diaper , your baby ca n't leak through the pad , because there is always a diaper underneath her .
 The portable changing pad is wonderful , I would recommend it to all my friends . You can have it with you at all times whether your at a restaurant , movie theater or even a friends home . It 's so easy to use and store for that at home feel on the go .
 I did n't like the pad that came with my diaper bag , so I got this one instead and it is great ! While still able to fold up conveniently into the diaper bag , it is plenty big and provides a enough cushion for your little one , even on hard surfaces .
 We have been through soooooooo many sippy cups . My kids only like these . They do n't leak and they stand up to a million dishwasher cycles . I should probably take apart the top pieces every once and awhile ... but I do n't .
 Arrived on time . Great zippy cup . Make sure to take plastic part from the top cover and wash . It will mold if you do n't .
 These Playtex sippy cups are great . They have the Twist 'n Click lids and great valves in the lid that prevent leaking . These are the ONLY CUPS that I have been able to find that DO NOT LEAK !! Awesome for toddlers . Especially if yours are like mine , and they throw their cup down on the floor when they 're done drinking . AWESOME CUPS !!! I would definitely recommend these .
 I have a 11 & 12 that used these cups when they were toddlers . Now that I 've started over again there r so many more selections for everything baby . I 've tried many sippy cups but this is still the best one . Unfortunately there is still no easy way to clean a sippy cup .
 I have had such a hard time finding sippy cups that do n't leak . Forget the soft-topped silicone mouth-piece ones . My son just turns those upside down and squishes them onto any surface he can find , thus soaking said surface with his milk , juice or water . These cups feature a hard top that will not squish and are easy for my son to drink from . I have bought about 3 or 4 packs of these so we do n't run out of clean ones in the event I do n't have to do dishes every day.The simple design of these cups seems to be the best design for a sippy cup . I have never had a problem with these cups leaking - and they take a lot of abuse from my toddler . He likes to scrape his teeth on the mouthpiece and that part of each cup is showing some wear , but I figure that 's going to happen regardless , so I did n't take away any stars for that .
 I like these cups a lot . I love the colors . They are easy to use and easy to wash . My toddler loves them . I have n't had any issues with the cups leaking and I have been using them for 6 months . They seem sturdy even after I have been washing them in the dishwasher since day one . Great value too !
 These have been around for a long time , and it 's because they 're the best . We have several different kinds of sippy cups , but these are the most dependable and the easiest . Definitely a favorite in our household .
 My son starts to use this cup at 13 months . He could n't handle the rigid spout at the first several times , but once he learns how to , he finishes up all his formula in it with no any leftover . The cup is also very easy to clean .
 These cups do n't spill , but the liquid comes out too fast for my daughter . She 's 8 months and still on stage 1 nipples because she chokes easily , so that 's not the cups fault . She was drinking water from these yesterday and had it running all down her chin then choked a little . So if your baby is fine with a faster flow ... go for it ! I 'm hoping to use these once she 's a little older since they really do n't leak at all . She kept holding it upside down and tossing it and nothing came out !
 I really like these cups . They clean well and they do n't leak . She like to walk with it sometimes but I do n't have to worry about the mess . She likes the design too .
 Daughter started using this cup at 7 months old . Easy to get the beverage out of spout . Wish I could find a shorter one so she can try to hold it up herself . Otherwise Playtex is the BEST !
 We 've been using these cups since my son was around 8 months . He had another sippy with a silicon tip and handles at first , but we wanted to introduce a cup that he could use for many years to come . This is it ! Cups with silicone tips WILL leak if they get bent . I can throw this cup in the diaper bag and not worry that it 's going to leak . It has n't leaked once . I love that this cup will fit in most cup holders . It 's super easy to clean with it 's THREE parts . You can use them as regular drinking cups for older kids .
 Have been on a quest to find a sippy cup that does not leak and I think these might be the ones . I have tried a lot and these are by far my favorite in the leaking dept.
 I 've tried many varieties of leak-proof cups and these are the only ones that I have found to be truly leak-proof . I have several more expensive brands and they all leak . The baby has a very easy time getting her drink out of the cup , too .
 My toddler daughter went straight from bottles to these sippy cups . I ca n't recommend them enough . They 're inexpensive , BPA-free , easy to clean , spill-proof , durable , pretty , easy to hold , fit any cup holder , microwavable etc , etc. . . If you need sippy cups , just buy them .
 My child at a year old can sip out of them but a lot does come out . He is getting better now after a few months of having them . He throws this on our hard floors and nothing comes out ! It 's a great cup that way , totally spillproof ! Playtex does make insulated ones which in my opinion are a lot better for two reasons.The first reason is that my childs hands do not get cold while sipping from cup and second the drink stays a lot colder a lot longer . The valves are easy to put in and take out , my child only has water and milk still so I am not sure how well they will work for juice .
 Truely dripless . Have been using these for a couple of years now with my last two little ones , and they are ... HANDS DOWN THE BEST ! transitional , travel , dripless sippy cup for toddlers .
 The playtex spill proof cup is the only sippy that my child will use . The only time they ever leak is if they are dropped from a big height onto a very hard surface .
 These are great cups . They do n't leak and they last a long time . I know they cost a little upfront but they are well worth the price . If you are trying to decide between these or Gerber sippy cups , these will last a lot longer . I bought a Gerber cup first and it only lasted 6 or 7 months at the most . the little plastic rubber insert to keep it from leaking tore and then became unusable . Then I thought I would try a different brand so I bought a Playtex cup and it has lasted now for two and half years still being used . My children use these everyday and they are great ! I did go back to try a Gerber brand again and still it did n't last long . We have washed them in the dishwasher and it did n't seem to affect them at all . I have n't tried any other brands as these have lasted so well there was no need .
 My sons have used these cups for more than two years now . Both boys found them easy to hold and balance . The cups take abuse well . In two years , none of ours have broken . Despite this sturdiness , they are not heavy.They infrequently leak from the spout and very , very rarely from anywhere else . The lids fit well . The valve inserts easily and stays in place even when the cup is dropped . Replacement valves are readily available , however in two years I 've never needed to replace a valve because it 's worn out.There are a few negatives , though . The spouts do wear quite a bit with children with teeth . With the opaque cup it 's hard to see how much liquid , especially water or milk , is in the cup . The ridges on the lid tend to collect food from the child 's hand . The lid cleans well in the dishwasher , but it 's not easy to clean the ridges with a quick wipe.Weighing the positives and negatives , this is our sippy cup of choice .
 My kids LOVE these cups ! And frankly so do I :-RRB- They have a very easy to use valve that allows kids to easily drink . They are easy to clean and perfect for travel . May not be for a beginning cup user . My daughter preferred a soft spout when she started using a cup and these are hard plastic .
 My sons have used these cups for more than two years now . Both boys found them easy to hold and balance . The cups take abuse well . In two years , none of ours have broken . Despite this sturdiness , they are not heavy.They infrequently leak from the spout and very , very rarely from anywhere else . The lids fit well . The valve inserts easily and stays in place even when the cup is dropped . Replacement valves are readily available , however in two years I 've never needed to replace a valve because it 's worn out.There are a few negatives , though . The spouts do wear quite a bit with children with teeth . With the opaque cup it 's hard to see how much liquid , especially water or milk , is in the cup . The ridges on the lid tend to collect food from the child 's hand . The lid cleans well in the dishwasher , but it 's not easy to clean the ridges with a quick wipe.Weighing the positives and negatives , this is our sippy cup of choice .
 My wife purchased these from another store for more than twice the price so I decided to bring down the cost average after we found out that they do not leak . There is a small rubber piece that fits in the spout to control the speed that the liquid comes out . After your child gets old enough you can eliminate the rubber piece . I think these are great to use as soon as you stop using bottles . After you stop using , the rubber flow control piece you can use them until your child grows out of sippy cups or you lose them . Great choice . Highly recommended .
 I would consider myself a sippy cup pro ... I have tried sooo many different brands and kinds and these are the best . They are durable , do n't leak , and are very easy to clean . Do n't waste your time and money on any other sippy !
 My son 's been using this for 2 years -LRB- 2-4 years old -RRB- . only 3 pieces , so it 's much easier to clean than fancier brands that have 5-6 components .
 does not leak , relatively easy to clean , nothing to chew trough -LRB- it is amazing that a replacement part for a soft spout may cost as much as a new sippy -RRB- and yes , the bottle is finally gone !
 These are , by far , the BEST sippy cups to have for a toddler ! They come apart completely so there is no where for mold to grow -LRB- I had several sippy cups for my oldest child that did have enclosed spots where mold grew because it never dried ... * shudder * -RRB- AND they actually are spill proof ! I have given them to all three of my kids in their cribs so they can get a drink of water when they need one and they do not make me change the sheets at 7am -LRB- or earlier -RRB- , unlike some other cups . I had been searching for these for my youngest and was almost ready to give up when , to my relief , I saw them here on amazon . No I do n't work for playtex , they are just my personal favorite -LRB- ask me about my front-carrier and you 'll hear similar enthusiasm ;-RRB- .
 I was a little scared of ordering these since u really dont get to choice wht colo but i chanced it and got some really cute ones that i have never seen in stores so i was pretty happy !
 These hold up well , do n't leak , and are among the easiest to clean by hand . I 'm a little tired of the pastel colors , though .
 Last year when I was pregnant , I asked other moms which cups and bottles to use . A few told me playtex , but most told me Avent bottles and sippy cups were the only way to go . Well , I decided to go Avent , and here I am writing a review for a playtex sippy cup . Avent sippy cups are hard to hold , difficult to drink from when the cup is not filled to capacity , a pain to clean , and worst of all they leak . The spout leaks -LRB- nothing magic about those cups -RRB- and the collars can leak too . I finally decided after 5 months of using Avent magic cups with little success , to give the `` hard to use '' -LRB- as one mom had classified -RRB- playtex cup a try . The difference was astounding . My daughter could easily drink from this cup on the first try . The cup is easy to clean -LRB- its only 3 pieces as opposed to the 5 or 6 -LRB- w/handles -RRB- pieces for the avent cup -RRB- , assemble and use . I 'm sorry I did n't at least register for a pack of these when I was pregnant . I should mention that I
 The only time I 've had one of these sippy cups leak is from operator error . I have two kids ages 4.5 and 2.5 and have used several different brands of sippy cups and these are by far the best . I 've gotten rid of most of the sippy cups in my house but did keep these around for when my 2.5 yr old wants a drink of water in her bed at night or if my neices or nephews need one when they come over . I loved these so much , I could n't bring myself to get rid of them !
 I have a 31/2 year old and a 11/2 year old and have had my fare share of sippy cups to use clean sometimes throw many away . I use to think that using the soft sippy cups was a great transition from bottles . . NOT !! these are the best they are easy to clean they dont leak everywhere and they hold the perfect amount of liquid . I have found that children with teeth chew on the soft tip and it is no longer leek proof which makes night time a big pain , anyways these are awsome and i defiantly recommend them . I got the purple and pink one since they very but i didnt mind its not like having a pink sippy cup makes my son gay or anything so people are so silly
 I found that this sheet fits well , even after several washes . It is smooth and does not irritate my babies very sensitive skin . I would recommend this product .
 This sheet is simply a sheet . It does what it is supposed to . It just lays there . The color is vibrant .
 My 18 month old daughter is doing very well with this booster ! It stays on the chair without slipping , is a great height , and I love that the color matches my espresso colored dining set.The only thing I do n't like is that the seat part of the booster is textured and can be difficult to wipe clean . But it 's not that bad and I would defiantly purchase this again with the knowledge of textured section .
 Easily washable/wipable , light weight to take to grandma 's house . Great for our 2 year old ! Only `` negative '' -LRB- although not sure if we mind -RRB- is no seat strap .
 I have two of these - one for each of my children . My oldest has enjoyed this seat for over two years now . I am very pleased with how well it has held up . I have seen other brands at friend 's houses literally falling apart after that long . There is not a crack or tear on either one of ours and they get abused daily . The kids like them so much they frequently put them on the floor to &#34; hang out &#34; , so they appear to be fairly comfortable . I also like the fact that while they do n't connect to the chair , they do n't slip and slide around and are portable - great for taking to the grandparents house with little fuss .
 This seat was exactly what I was looking for . My son is really tall to the seats with bars across the legs just do n't work for him . Now he wants to sit no where else ! It is a rubbery material to so it 's comfortable for him and not easy to tear up or break . It also has little grips on the bottom that help it stay on the chair .
 I needed a booster to keep here for the grandkids . This one is perfect and just the right size for us . Nice height for the girls . highly recommend
 We wanted a new booster for our toddler as we started using her Fisher Price Booster seat for our younger son . The Prince Lionheart booster is great . Nice and comfortable for our little girl and really easy to clean !
 We purchased this for my son who was 2 at the time and it worked great . After having this for close to a year I would recommend this to anyone but with the warning that if anything spills on it CLEAN IMMEDIATELY . My son was going through that phase of not really needing it anymore and using it only every so often and we kind of neglected it . Some things can stain it . But it has held up structurally and my kid never complained about it .
 The seat has met all my expectations and was worth the money . Easy to clean and a solid booster for a toddler who needs a little lift at the table and does n't need to be strapped in .
 This is a very easy booster seat to use for every day or to toss in the car when headed to a friend 's house . The material is suceptible to deterioration from direct sunlight exposure and food can make some superficial stains on it . Than being said , every week or two we give it a good scrub with a soft brush and the stains disappear and its just a bit faded from the sun .
 I was nervous about this working , but it works great with our flat dining bench . The seat of the booster is a little smaller than the depth of the bench , and our 20 month old sits on it nicely . She leans back and rests on the back with no tipping . The foam kind of suctions to the wood without really adhering , if that makes any sense . We love it .
 My toddler readily gave up the high chair for this comfortable , colorful booster seat . Easy to clean and stays in place on our cloth covered dining room chair .
 My toddler -LRB- 21/2 years old -RRB- love to sit in his new chair . It 's light and easy to clean . The cushion is kind to his bum too and the right size for him . I preferred this chair because it did n't have the small rows of ridges on the seat that I 've seen on other chairs . Though I have n't tried the other chair manufacturers , I would definitely recommend this item . It may be a bit too small if it 's for kids that are 5 yrs . and up as the seat of the chair is n't as wide . Then again , if you 're child is 5 yrs . or older , he or she is probably going to get a lot taller too and may not need such a chair . Hope this review them !
 I read every review of the Cooshie and this and went with this chair . I love it , it does n't slip and it 's got plenty of room for my three year old . He likes that he is up high and not in a high chair . It 's easy cleaned too . I would recommend this to anyone .
 I bought this booster strictly based on reviews of others . I had n't even had a chance to shop for one in a store and was out of the country when I had it delivered to our home . We have used it for about 3 weeks now . We use it for every meal at home and love it . It is just the right firmness . It 's not hard , but it 's not `` squishy '' either . There are no cracks or crevices for hiding crumbs so wiping it down and cleaning it up is a breeze . The green is a light mint color . Would buy again and would recommend to friends and family without hesitation.Every positive thing I mentioned 14 months ago still stands . This booster seat has held up very well . It looks as good today as it did when we first used it . Our son has never complained of being uncomfortable in this seat . Would still buy it again in a heartbeat ! Worth every penny and expect to use it for future child as well .
 This booster was exactly what we needed for our 31/2 year old son . We were using a Fisher Price Healthy Care Booster -LRB- which we 've loved -RRB- , but Baby Sister will need to begin using it soon . Our son still needed a little height at the table but did n't need to be buckled in any longer.I first bought the Cooshee booster despite the reviews I 'd read because I could get it locally . I got it home and the decal from the package had come off on the seat and would n't come off . I immediately returned it and ordered the Prince Lionheart.The Prince Lionheart Soft Booster Seat feels similar to a Bumbo seat , in my opinion . It 's cuishiony , yet firm . It 's not difficult to clean , though some stuff does get into the texture on the seat and some left-on tomato sauce did lightly stain one spot , but it has since faded.The only thing I do n't care for about this booster is that sometimes when my son tries to pull himself up to the table , the booster will scoot off the chair since it does n't strap down . But I enjoy that it 's easy to transfer to another chair , so there has to be a trade-off somewhere.Overall , this is an excellent item and does a great job .
 We just bought this in orange , three years after buying the lime green one . We have never had any trouble with this booster , and I love them because they are easy to clean , do n't slip , fit on most chairs and are easy to take with us if needed . They are lightweight but very stable . When they get dirty I put it in the sink and scrub it with a sponge and dish soap . My daughter is now 5 and a little on the short side , so she still uses it . My son is 2.5 and is getting his own now that he is outgrowing the high chair .
 The best thing about this product is that it is VERY easy to clean . No hidden crevices . A little low for a short toddler but overall a very good product .
 it works perfectly for a booster . the seat is cushiony , but still firm so that my kid does n't sink into it . the under-side is latticed -- not hollow as some reviewers might lead you to believe ; you could easily put more books or whatever underneath it if you needed to . but of course , i do n't need to.seriously , this booster seat does its job , comes in two fun colors , and wo n't cost you a whole lot while also protecting from food spills that unabridged dictionary you used to use for Scrabble games before you had young kids.perks
 This product is light weight and wo n't scratch wooden chairs . It does n't slide off . It is just the right height for my 3 year olds and has sides so they do n't slide off the chair . Easy to clean . Could n't ask for anything more .
 We have two of these seats -LRB- one for my 4 year old that we 've had for about 2 years , and one that we just bought for my 2 year old -RRB- . We LOVE these boosters ! They do not slide off the chair too easily , they are a great height , very comfortable -LRB- according to my kids -RRB- , and they clean easily . AND ... considering we 've had one for 2 years already with very few signs of wear , I give it an A + for durability!You wo n't regret purchasing this - and your kids will love it !
 My kids love this item . It 's soft and comfy and very easy to carry around ... . Not heavy . The material its made of does n't make it very easy to clean .
 I purchased this booster for my 2.5 year old daughter and it 's been a great transition from her counter clip seat . I was debating between this one and the Cooshee seat . This one has worked great and it 's less expensive . The material is very durable and cleans easily . It does seem that the foam is denser than what the Cooshee seat is made from . The best feature is that there are no straps or clips to attach it to a seat so it 's very easy to move from room to room as needed . Because its made of rubbery foam it wo n't slide on wooden or plastic seats so it 's pretty safe . However , I use it on my upholstered kitchen chair too and it 's less stable on fabric so beware if that 's how you 're looking to use it . All in all , I 'm very satisfied though .
 I recently moved my child from the highchair to the table and after searching for the perfect booster seat , I bought this one . What a great buy ! I was looking for something that could be easily cleaned , moved from chair to chair , and would not damage my kitchen chairs ... and I found it with this seat !!!! The best part is the ease of cleaning it as there are no cracks for food to get stuck in . My biggest worry when purchasing this was if it would stay put with my very antsy toddler sitting in it , and it does ! It grips right to the chair when sitting on it . I love this booster and would definitely recommend buying it ! And the color is just fine .
 My daughter has come to loath booster seats . They 're hard , uncomfortable , they do n't feel stable - but not with this one . This booster seat is soft , easy to clean , has pretty good traction , and most importantly our little girl loves it - and does n't have to scoot up onto her knees to eat at the dinner table.Great product and the lime green grows on you over time .
 This seat is * comfortable for Judah to sit on * secure on the chair - does n't slide or move * easy on furniture - nothing sharp or scratchy to mar a finishIt does the trick ! Thanks
 This is a solid product . My daughter is so excited to sit in her Big Girl chair . It is easy to clean and stays put on the chair .
 I did some research on booster seats and found this one to be one of the best . I have been so pleased with this seat for my 21/2 yr old daughter . She loves the seat so much that she takes it off the dining room chair and sits on it on the family room floor . One downside is the color . I would have given 5 stars for a choice of colors to choose from . I was so drawn to the competitor 's black seat but I liked the reviews on this seat better . The other downside people have noted is there is no seatbelt or buckle . I have n't personally missed one . She transitioned from the high chair to the booster later so I 'm not as concerned for the safety factor . She climbs up and down with no problem . I have n't had any problems washing and wiping down the booster , even from darker foods that have gotten initially overlooked . The size of the seat is perfect - plenty wide - so there 's room to grow . The bottom has not scratched our wooden dining room chairs . The cushion has not cracked or torn or broken down at all . I highly recommend this seat to anyone looking for a roomy , cushy , comfortable booster seat . Compared to the cheap , small , hard plastic seats , it 's well worth the extra money .
 Bought this for my 3 year old granddaughter . She loves being right at the table with the rest of the family . She does not slip or slide off the seat . It is very comfortable , roomy and makes her feel like a big girl . I would definately recommend this seat for moms/dads/grandparents !
 I bought the Baby Smart Cooshie a few years ago for my older son . When my younger child was ready for a booster , I could no longer find the Cooshie , so I settled on this brand . It 's great ! It 's soft , yet firm and much more comfortable than any other hard plastic booster seat out there . It 's pretty much exactly the same as the Cooshie , however , one thing I like MUCH better , is that there is NO writing on the bottom of the seat . The Cooshie has a bunch of white writing underneath it and it ruined my leather seat ! No need to worry about that with the Prince Lionheart product .
 I like it except that it 's hard to clean . It has a roughness which keeps the child from slipping off , but makes it hard to clean . It does n't damage my chairs , which is the main thing we were looking for and it 's really cushioned so my child likes it .
 This booster seat works great for our 24-mo-old who moved from her high chair last month . The finish on this is nice and it cleans up easily with soap and water . Seems like it will be able to work for the next year -LRB- our girl is small , 20 lbs , but 32 inches tall so she sits up there -RRB- .
 I love how simple this seat it . It 's the perfect size for my 2 year old . It 's also lightweight which makes traveling with it easy . My only complaint is that it does n't strap down to the chair . It does n't move a lot while he 's in it but I 'm fairly certain if he really started wiggling he could make it slide around in the chair . I just make sure he 's never sitting alone at the table though .
 Bought this for our 4 year old who is n't quite tall enough at the table and her 18 month old sister is using her hard plastic booster with the tray . Makes her the perfect height . Easy to clean . Easy to transport to other people 's houses . Chose the brown to match our furniture . Great product . We have used it about a week - we 'll see how it holds up long-term .
 It is just what I was looking for . My daughter needed some height , but not a belt . She is comfortable and squirms a lot less .
 We are using the Prince Lionheart booster seat for 2 weeks already . My 2.5-year old son loves it . For him it has dual function - booster seat and a toy to carry around and kick as a soccer ball . The seat if fully taking this abuse without complaining and without showing any signs of wear & tear . My son never sits still while on it - he is leaning to the side , front , back , climbing on the table , etc. . The booster seat stays securely on the chair and that is without any strapping . Our chairs are having a leather seat so I was a bit worried whether the booster seat would not slip and whether it might damage the leather of the seat - well , no , it did not . It is super easy to clean and I use a steam cleaner on it at least once a week because my son makes a mess on it . I would definitely recommend this booster seat .
 My 3 year old is small for her age , and with a seat cushion underneath it 's perfect . Without it she 's still a little short for the table . I was ready to get rid of the high chair and this was exactly what we needed .
 I am very impressed with this booster seat I purchased for our 21/2 year old grandson . Even more importantly HE loves it :-RRB- I especially like it because not only does it work perfectly at our dining room table , but it does n't harm our wooden chairs . It is sturdy , easy to clean and stores in a small space . I would definitely recommend this item .
 This is a really great product . I bought it for my 4 year old who is long over the high chair , but still needs a `` boost '' to be tall enough at the table . It 's really light weight and she says she is comfortable in it . Would be nice if it had a strap to attach to the chair because my kids keep taking it off and dragging all over the house but it 's not that big of a deal . would highly recommend for an older toddler .
 Hi , as there are many confusing reviews , I want to help clarify the difference between this booster and the Cooshie , as I own both . Compared to the Cooshie , the Lionheart booster : - Ships in an inoffensive but not-exactly-attractive lime green . Fortunately the photo has been updated from the blue . - Is made of a more rigid , but still pliable , foam rubber . It is not likely to tear the way the Cooshies do . - Is not a flat surface on the bottom like the Cooshie . It rests on molded , structural spines and has four small rubber feet to aid grip lost to the reduced surface area . Grip seems comparable . - Elevates the sitter to a similar height . - Has some kind of matte coating over the main , shinier material . The coating has started to peel a bit where it has been scratched , though the underlying color is identical so it is n't very noticeable . -LRB- If you happen to own a Volkswagen you 'll know exactly what I mean . -RRB- - Includes a carry bag . - Is manufactured in Canada.Based on my priorities , as well as the not inconsiderable fact that it 's cheaper , I prefer it to the Cooshie and plan to replace our torn Cooshie with another one of these . You can make your own decision but I hope I have helped .
 First of all , I am more than pleased with this Booster Seat . I had a Cooshie Booster for my first child ; I am sorry to say it did not make it to my second ! Both the Cooshie and the Prince Lionheart Booster seat are identical in height , and both my children find it quite comfortable . Of course at 2 and 4 , they really are n't THAT particular with where they sit !! I especially like the travel bag that comes with the Soft Booster Seat . I normally do n't write reviews , but I feel this is one product that deserves all the praise it can get !!
 Our son always enjoyed sitting at the table with us since he was in his high chair . We just pulled the high chair up to the table and lowered it a little to make it fit . But he would either not squeeze in all the way , or would be too low . So , we needed to find a solution . I was going to buy the cooshie booster , but found this at the store instead . I loved the idea that you could use it on outdoor furniture too -LRB- the cooshie booster did n't mention it -- so I gave this one a try -RRB- . My son seems very comfortable in it and has never argued about sitting in it at meal times -LRB- we got the booster shortly after his first birthday -RRB- . I have had no trouble with this booster . It fits on any chair and does n't slip -LRB- not even on the wooden surface of my kitchen chairs -RRB- . It 's easy to clean and carry anywhere . And now my son is at the perfect height to eat at the table with us indoors and outdoors . I would definitely make this purchase again if I needed more than one booster in the house !
 This has been the best booster we have ever used ! I bought a Cooshie Booster and returned it after 2 weeks as it was already breaking down . One of the employees at Babies R Us suggested the Booster Buddy . We have been using the same one for over 2 years -- for meals , for travel , for playtime , and it is in the same condition as it was when purchased . It is very easy to clean , sits the kids at a good height , is perfect for taking along when traveling or just visiting locally , and I LOVE that it does n't slip when the kids wiggle around in it like others do . And as far as the review that said it was not solid underneath so you could n't STACK it on pillows or books ??? Well , why would you stack a booster like that unless you want an injured child ?! The only thing that could make this booster any better would be a choice in colors . We are on our way out today to buy one for our youngest child , and I can make this purchase knowing that it will truly be money well spent .
 We are very happy with this purchase . My 41/2 year old daughter is on the small side , so she could n't reach the table to eat neatly , and either had to sit on her knees -LRB- which she complained was uncomfortable -RRB- , or she sat on her behind and ate over her lap instead of the table , which made a big mess ! That 's when I thought of this kind of booster seat which I had seen before - for a child old enough to not need to be strapped in , to not need a tray , old enough to sit at the table , but just needing a little more height ... She can move this booster herself -LRB- like from the dinette table to the dining room table for formal meals -RRB- , and she feels so great being able to sit comfortably and reach the table . We are all thrilled with it . The only downside was the lack of color options - I actually did n't purchase this for a while after I thought of it , hoping to find a pretty color - a nice pink , or even a light blue ... Eventually I decided her need for some height and comfort at the table trumped color , and at least the brown option matches my kitchen better than the black , which was the other option . -LRB- I see now there is also a mint green , but I did n't really love that either , and does n't match anything in my house . -RRB- On the plus side , my baby boy will be able to use this gender-neutral seat in a few years :-RRB- . So
 I bought this booster seat because there was so seams or cracks for food to get into , and it appeared easy to clean . I also liked that there was no seat belt as my son does n't need the seat belt and it 's just one more thing to get in the way and to clean . All in all this booster does a nice job . The sides are easy to clean and it 's comfy for him . My gripes are that I wish it had straps to hold it on to the chair , as it tips easily if he tips , and it usually ends up on the floor when he gets down . Also , it has a rougher surface -LRB- not uncomfortable though -RRB- where he sits , I 'm guessing to help keep his butt from sliding . That rougher part is harder to wipe clean . The only way I can get it clean it to submurse it in water . Otherwise the sides of the seat wipe down easily . All in all it 's what I was looking for and it meets my expectations .
 Great booster except for the texturized plastic seat . The sides and front are smooth and therefore very easy to get clean but for some reason the actual sitting surface of the chair has a slight texture to it which looks grimy after time -LRB- I 've have the orange one for a year -RRB- , I ca n't get that part to look clean even with a heavy duty scrubber and cleaner and a lot of elbow grease . Other than that I recommend , but in a dark color .
 We got this for our daughter who is 20 months . She was to the point she disliked the highchair and wanted to always sit in the dining room chairs . This seat is perfect ! Gives her enough height to sit comfortably at the table and it wipes clean very easily ! There are no straps to secure to chair nor does it have straps to keep her in - this is just what we were looking for ! It will travel easily and no annoying straps to try and keep clean of food messes . I would highly recommend to any parent looking for a nice looking , yet safe and easy chair for the active toddler !
 We primarily use a Tripp Trapp high chair at home , and I thought that would mean I would avoid ever having to buy a booster seat . However , we found that we really could use one for travel . My 3 year old is old enough not to have to be strapped into a seat , and can climb in and out of adult chairs , but she ca n't reach her food very well so meal times when we are traveling are pretty messy . Sitting on knees is n't very comfortable . This one is inexpensive and got great reviews , so I decided to get one for travel purposes only . I would n't fly on a plane with it , but for car trips its small enough to throw into the trunk . We also use it on our patio chairs in the backyard , so that we do n't have to drag the Tripp Trapp outside . I like the orange color too .
 Our two year old is too big for the Booster w/tray style Graco seat that we 've been using since graduating from a highchair and just a bit too small for the chair on it 's own . This booster is exactly what we needed to bridge that gap . It makes eating a lot more comfortable , a whole lot tidier and most of all safer.The seat raises her up adequately , is soft but firm and has sufficient grip so as not to slide around on the chair . Other reviews have rated the seat negatively for the inability to be stacked on objects such as books to make them taller . If this is a concern to you , do not purchase this seat . Purchase a seat that is made for smaller children , or with adjustable height as stacking any items under a booster seat is not much of an idea for those concerned with the safety of their children .
 Good product . I 've been using it for about a month with my two year old and she loves it . It gives her a little more freedom while eating but she stays in it and seems comfortable . Easy to clean , it 's lightweight and I would recommend it .
 This is a great seat for my 18-month-old as she is transitioning out of the highchair . It seems durable and is nice and soft and will be the right height for a long time . Mine did NOT come with a carrying bag , as one reviewer stated , but that review was from 2005 so apparently Lionheart has changed that feature . Overall , I would recommend .
 I read all the reviews before purchasing and I have had the seats for a month now and do n't find any of the defects mentioned by the other consumers . So , that 's a plus . They came quick , they were the right color and the boost the little bottoms to the table ! No one complains about comfort and they clean up nicely !
 This has provided a nice alternative to the highchair for my 2 year old . It seems comfortable enough and is easy to clean . Its also easy to transport -LRB- we take it when we do weekends away etc -RRB- . My only small criticism is that it has such a streamline shape that it can tip quite easily if my daughter leans over . I really like this product .
 We were having such a problem getting our son to sit down for dinner at night -LRB- almost 2 years old -RRB- . This really helps him sit and stay better . It is easy to clean and light weight . I really like the look too . It is so hard to find anything kid orientated that is n't brightly colored . When my son was first getting used to it , I wished it strapped to the chair because he would pull it down when trying to get up , but now there is no problem he climbs in and out on his own .
 I ordered these for our 2.5 year old girls and they 've been fantastic . I love the color and that it blends with decor instead of being bright kids colors . They 're also easy to clean and easy to travel with .
 We love this booster seat ! It 's so much softer and more comfy than most boosters that are hard plastic . I really like that it does n't require any straps , yet it is extremely sturdy , well-balanced , and stays in place . It 's easy to transfer from one chair to another if necessary and is low-profile enough to fit under any table I 've encountered . I would 've given it 5 stars if not for only one complaint . The actual seat portion is textured instead of smooth . I think it 's intended to aid in slippage-prevention , but it is very difficult to clean . It does n't wipe off well . Instead , I have to take the seat to the sink and use a scrub brush with soap to get it clean , which is a bit of a hassle . Before moving up to this booster , we had the Prince Lionheart BeBepod , which had all smooth surfaces -- very easy to wipe clean . I wish this booster had all smooth surfaces , too . The smooth surfaces it DOES have are a breeze to wipe clean . Other than the textured seat issue , we 've really enjoyed it so far and would buy it again .
 If you 're child is independent enough to sit at the table in an unsecured seat -LRB- i.e. they are past the point where they 're likely to throw themselves out of their chair -RRB- , but they just need a few more inches to reach the table , this is a great seat . It 's comfortable for them because it 's not rigid ; it 's easy for you because it does n't have to be secured in any way to the chair . We use it on our wood dining room chairs and it does n't slide around like hard plastic booster seats . It 's also easy to clean with no crevices for food to get lodged in . My only complaint is that I wish it came in more colors . The available palette is rather limited .
 Very comfortable and soft . Easy to clean . Love how well it stays in place . Would not hesitate to order again .
 I got this booster seat for my son because he really wanted to sit at the table with us versus his high chair . We were actually boosting him up on a really big cookbook for a while , and I 've got to admit , it could n't have been comfortable for him . Anyways , this seat is similar in material to the Bumbo , and it 's as simple as can be . It serves its purpose . Not sure if this is a plus or minus , but it does prevent my 2 year old from being able to get in and out of the chair without our help .
 I 've had this chair for two years now and it 's absolutely great . I bought it when my son was two and he is now four.Pros : - extremely durable -LRB- same condition as it was two years ago -RRB- - rubber things on the bottom of seat keep it from slipping off a wooden chair-easy to just pick up off the chair , take to the sink and rinse off/wipe with spongeCons : - limited color choice ... I believe I had the choice between mint -LRB- which is neon green -RRB- , a neon orange , and a hot pink-it is slightly sun-bleached from sitting by the kitchen window for the past two years but that 's expected ... just be aware this can happenPrior to purchasing this seat , I read the reviews and someone had mentioned that their seat did n't seem too durable and that the vertical walls of rubber underneath the chair -LRB- for support and to prevent the seat from collapsing in itself -RRB- had broken down I guess similarly to what the sole of a sneaker would do after a while ? I do n't know if this person had a defective chair or what but I have had absolutely no problems with the durability of this seat.Bottom line , I 'm so pleased with the chair that I 've come back two years later to leave a great review .
 Got this for my almost 2 year old who started refusing to eat in her high chair . She loves it ! It is true to color -LRB- we got orange -RRB- and seems comfortable for her to sit in . It fits in any chair and because of the rubbery material , does n't slide . Also easy to wipe down to clean . She also likes carting to different places in the house to sit in on the floor .
 This is a great , stable seat for my 2year old . She loves how squishy it is and I could even say she now stays at the table longer to finish her meals as her legs do n't go `` fuzzie '' anymore -LRB- AKA fall asleep ! -RRB- The only downfall is the material does have a chemically smell . It is dissipating now though -LRB- 2weeks later -RRB- .
 This booster is comfortable and stays in place . Because there are no straps , it 's seems suitable for kids 2 + and they can easily climb in and out of it safely . I have not had any problems with it tipping or with the material cracking or peeling . My daughter also likes to sit in it when sitting on the floor .
 My kids love this booster ! It 's very comfy . I would definitely recommend to others . Great products for kids . Easy to clean.Love it ! Cute color . Perfect for the kids . Very portable . Great product . Very safe stays put on the chair does n't slide off . Love it love it love it !
 I have tried several and bar none this is the best . My daughter 's art class uses them as well . Sturdy and they are easy to wipe clean . Excellent !
 We wanted a booster seat that was both comfortable for our son and easy to clean for us . That is exactly what we found in the Prince Lionheart Soft Booster Seat . With a little effort our son is able to climb up into the seat , which has become a nice bonus for my wife who was struggling having to constantly lift our son up into the seat for meals.The only small issue we have found is that it does tend to slide a little on our chairs . We have n't had any mishaps yet , but we do have to readjust quite frequently , maybe every other use or so . Our child is pretty active and likes to push off the table when we do n't happen to be looking . We do have to remain diligent in watching him in order to prevent any accidental tipping from occurring .
 Durable and easy to clean , this is just what i was looking for . If your babe is a climber , be careful because it doesnt ' secure to the chair
 My daughter loves it ! Very skid proof ! I would recommend this product to anyone ! Especially if you have a toddler who likes to be independent !
 Bought this for my granddaughter who is 18 months old . Arrived in a timely fashion , and it was exactly what I had envisioned . .
 Love this booster seat ! My 31/2 grand-daughter can finally sit at the table with the rest of us ! It puts her at just the right height . So easy to wipe clean , and , does not slide on chair . I highly recommend !
 Exactly as the description says as well as the other reviews . Extremely happy with my purchase and will order another for my next child . The green color is good since I know other products had problems with their colors and it is exactly like the picture . Soft , light and my daughter uses it as a play seat and fits perfectly at the table . Nice and small with just the right height .
 My daughter loves it , `` Mom , I love my new squishy seat ! `` I love it because it 's easy to clean and does n't mark the chair .
 I have looked everywhere for a booster seat that was big enough for my son and did n't attach to the table or have a tray . This thing is perfect for him and I know it will last a long time . It is nice and comfy and he actually likes sitting at the table with us now.Buyers Beware you may receive a different color than pictured . I ordered mine thinking I was getting blue but received the green instead . This is perfectly fine but some buyers might not appreciate this .
 If you 're looking for a booster , look no further . This one is great . My son , who does n't like change , took right to it the first time he used it . It 's not a hard plastic so I think that he felt secure sitting up higher . Very easy to clean , no hidden crevasses or straps for food to hide .
 easy to clean , non slip material , soft surface for sitting . great product , love the color selection offered - highly recommended
 This has worked well for us over the past few months . If it gets dirty , we take it to the single and clean it out . People have complained that the textured interior makes it tough to keep clean but I only see that happening if you let it sit dirty for a while . We rinse it off , wipe it dry and it still looks brand new .
 This was a worthwhile purchase . It sticks well to the dining chair , and is quite sturdy . I would buy it again if I needed another one !
 comfortable . The price is high for the plastic piece . It is hard to clean . Some stains on the surface are bulldog .
 Great for kiddos of all ages ! Will be able to use these boosters for years ! Easy to clean up too .
 Just what I expected . Now my grand daughter can sit at the table without sliding all over the chair seat .
 Great booster seat that is truly easy to clean ! We like it do much that we are going to order a second one to keep in the car and take to grandma 's house .
 Used for transition from a high chair to sitting with the grown-ups . This seat is thick and easy to use and clean ! Very happy I got this instead of some of the other types . My granddaughter is tall for her age and the back is just right for . She appears to like it and uses it willingly .
 This is a good basic booster seat for kids . It is not as good as some other brands out there that have the ability for the seat to &#34; suction &#34; onto the regular chair that it sits on . This booster just sits on top of the regular chair , instead of being suctioned on and a tiny bit more secure .
 We bought this seat three years ago for my then 18 month old . Now , at five , she stil uses it every night at dinner . I am now going to buy one for my second daughter and as I was reading the reviews I was surprised that so many people had trouble with cracks or smells , or even cleaning it . This seat has been nothing but easy and fantastic for us , so much so that I have to buy a second one because my five year old wo n't pass it down to my one year old .
 This has to be the most stable boosterseat for kids . It is cushiony , sturdy and stays safely on the chair . Compared to other hard plastic , it is the best .
 My 3 year old got too big for the standard booster - it would put his knees too high to fit under the table . This booster is a little lower than average , and his leg height is much more comfortable . The color is lighter than the picture , but it is very durable . It is firm but pliable , and quite light . I 'll be buying another one when the next kid graduates from the high chair . Only downside is no straps to secure it to the chair , but it does n't slide like the plastic ones , so that 's not been an issue .
 This booster chair is soft and cushiony and just fun to sit in . My toddler can sit comfortably at the dinner table and can actually stay still while eating , instead of fidgeting to get in a better position for eating . She loves her booster chair . It fits nicely on her chair at the table and can tuck away neatly when the chair is pushed in . The mint green is n't too bright and eye catching , which I like . It 's subtle enough not to stand out too much . I would definitely recommend this product !
 This is a great booster seat for my 21/2 yr old daughter who was getting too big for her high chair and wanted to sit at the table with everyone else . It does n't slide off of the chair and the seat is angled and textured so she does not slip off .
 First , great service from seller ; it arrived less than 48 hours after ordering . It 's soft , super fun orange color and it does not slip from the chair . It is very stable , the frame makes it mold to the chair so it does not seem like a booster that would ever tip over . My daughter just turned two and she refuses to sit on the high chair any more so we knew it was time to switch . After reading the reviews ; we selected this booster and so far are very happy with the selection . I did not rate it 5 stars because we have n't owned it long enough to rate how well it will wear.In any case , I highly recommend this booster for the following reasons : StabilitySoft cushionEasy to wipe cleanVery fun colorEasy to carry around and take along -LRB- light weight -RRB- Soft frame so it will not damage furnitureReasonably priced compared to similar productsAnd best , my kid loves it , she carries it around and now refuses to use her plush chair and uses the booster seat to watch TV.ALSO , I wanted to purchase a second one and found it much cheaper at Toyr R Us!AUGUST 18/2011Just added last STAR ! great booster seat , Has been through it all and still standing . No delaminating and we clean it daily with Clorox wipes . Gets spilled , dragged around and still in very good confition .
 My daughter is two years old and is old enough to do away with the safety straps of her old convertible high chair to booster seat combo . I hated how messy that old booster seat got after her meals . Food and drinks would soak into the straps and find their way to every nook and cranny in that seat . I got tired of cleaning it . I stumbled upon this booster seat on Amazon quite by accident . It looked like what I needed -- easy to clean , durable , slip-proof , and best of all , NO STRAPS -- so I ordered it . I was a little worried about it being described as a type of foam , but it feels more like rubber than foam and is very durable . It is nice and comfortable , so my daughter likes using it . When it gets dirty , I just wipe it off with a wet rag or carry it off to the sink to rinse . Because of the texture , some stains -LRB- such as blueberry -RRB- have set , but it 's not a big issue . It 's very light weight and compact , so we can take it along to restaurants if we wanted to . This booster seat is a must-have for parents with small children .
 We bought this for our 18 month old for Christmas after she decided she did n't want to use her booster highchair any more . I decided on this one because it looked to be a little higher than some of the others . It 's the 3 inches she needed so she can eat at the table . Surface is easily washable . No complaints , it 's perfect .
 I bought this for my then two and half year old and love it . Wish I had bought it earlier as she eats so much better when sitting at the table with us grownups . It 's easy to clean and although bulky , it 's light so easy to take with you if going to stay with friends and family . Highly recommend it .
 Seat is comfortable and offers just the right amount of extra `` boost '' for my 3 year old to eat comfortably at the table with the family . I only wish it came in some more neutral colors .
 This booster seat works well and frees up the hi chair for his cousin to use . I worried , at first , about using it at the gathering table because of the hight but it is safe enough after explaining that too much movement will result in a grand son falling to the floor below !
 This booster seat is perfect for my toddler grandbaby It 's washable and the perfect size for the chair . I 've used it several times and the durablity is awesome . Love it although in my house it 's the Princess Lionheart Booster Seat .
 The whole family was coming for Thanksgiving and we needed more `` grand-kid '' seats . These boosters worked great and the soft material was much nicer than the `` hard plastic '' boosters we had when our children were small . The best part for us was that the seats do n't scoot or mar the chairs .
 We got this about a week ago and LOVE it ! It is the perfect height , stays put pretty well , and is SUPER easy to clean . I highly recommend it .
 I was having a hard time getting my 21/2 year old son to sit at the table for ANY meal . So I thought a booster would be the ticket ... I was right !! And the Prince Lionheart Soft Booster Seat was the perfect choice ! It gives him the lift he needs to feel part of the family , and the security and comfort to stay seated with us , even if he 's finished his meal . The orange is also a great compliment with the earthy decor in our house !! I looked at a lot of these and kept coming back to this one . Wipes easily , just perfect !!
 My 2 yr old loves this seat . It 's comfy , he will stay in it all dinner . He loves the bright orange color . Easy to clean and remove from the chair - I hated our old one with all the straps . We are very pleased with the Prince Lionheart booster and I 'm glad I got it over the more expensive Cooshie .
 it is easy to use , easy to clean , and easy to store . My preschooler can move it by himself , and it is just the right height for him . Problems
 The seat is very sturdy and cleans up very easy . It 's also comfy for my Grandchildren and does n't damage my furniture or my cars leather interior -LRB- when used on occasion -RRB- . My only complaint was waiting over two weeks for delivery .
 This is a great booster seat for the price , and we have been very happy with it for almost two years . We plan to pass it on to our younger child too . It 's solid , but has some give , so it 's not super hard to sit on , and it has a no-slip base that really hugs our wooden chairs . The surface is easy to wipe clean , and even wash in the sink for those tough messes .
 I like the way this seat is wide so my son does n't feel to constricted and has a little room to move.I also like the way it sticks to the seat.The only reason for the 4 star rating is that it is very hard to clean . Even though I scrub it the bottom textured part still looks grubby .
 This works perfectly for us . I only wish it had some kindof strap so I.didn ' t have to worry about it moving around .
 My 3 year old loves it . It blends in with our furniture well , and easily wipes clean . It is also convenient to move from chair to chair . It 's only drawback is price .
 Love the material , easy to clean . Have 3 kids and will buy a 3rd seat when we 're ready . Fits the chairs great and wo n't slip off . When the kids are getting out of the seat it grips well enough that they can manage getting down safely . Kids have been known to throw them on the floor if they do n't want to sit in them and the seat can withstand the abuse .
 My son loves his booster seat , he feels like a big boy without having to strap him in . Color is great , matches our chairs .
 I got this for my 3 year old and it 's been working out great . It 's easy for her to get in and out of and boosts her up just the right amount at the dinner table . I use it on a padded vinyl-material type chair and it stays great , does n't slip off . The only complaint I have about it is that I wish it was more brown than grey in color . My chairs are dark brown and black so I was hoping for more brown than grey but this is definitely a grey charcoal color . As for the smell that some reviewers complained about , it did have a plastic-y smell coming out of the box but that smell was gone within a day .
 This seat is not squishy , but hard . It works well for my toddlers that are too short to eat off the table and the regular chairs . lightweight and works well
 This product arrived on time and as expected . It is a good product and would recommend it to others to use .
 My three year old uses this instead of sitting on her knees ! She can reach her food and has fewer spills . I highly recommend this product !
 Our daughter is almost 3 and still needs a booster but is too big for a high chair . This was the perfect solution . Good cushioning and there are grips on the bottom that hold it firmly in place . You just have to make sure to wipe off the bottom of the seat once in awhile , because dirt and food can make the grips on the bottom more slippery . Great product and worth the money !
 This booster is perfect for my 3 year old . Easy to clean and move on and off chairs . Stays in place nicely even without worrying about buckling it down . Definitely recommend .
 The seat is very durable and easy to clean . My 18 month old son loves to sit on it . We have it on the kitchen floor and he likes to climb into it and sit . When we place the seat on the chair , we do n't have any problems with it moving around . Thumbs up . I would buy it again .
 As a mom of 4 , I 've used many options for keeping my kids at table height and seated during a meal . This is my new favorite ! I have used the boosters that strap to the seat but do n't like cleaning them . The crevices get very gross and I , frankly , do n't want to dig in them . I have enough to do ! The Cooshie boosters were great , easy to clean and move however , all of ours ripped on the sides . I did superglue them back together and used them until my kids out grew them . With my now youngest son , I needed a new booster and found this . I am so happy with it ! It is definitely more firm than the Cooshie . There are some differences in design but functionally , they are the same . This seems as if it will last longer and it costs less . To me , it just makes sense to go with this one . Highly recommend !
 I was expecting this seat to be less than what it is , based on the reviews . I went back and forth between this seat and the cushee seat , and I finally decided on this one because of the price . It is definitely better than I expected . I am able to simply scrub off any excess mess in the sink with no issues whatsoever . My two-year-old sits comfortably in it , it does n't slide or move when he 's in it or climbing into it , and it 's easy to wipe off . If you 're unsure , get this one . It 's really awesome and does the trick .
 Honestly , I was a little unsure when ordering this booster . . because it was ` generic ' as opposed to the `` cooshie booster '' HOWEVER , i must say . . LOVE it !! It 's a little harder than the cooshie , but that 's a good thing . i think the cooshie boosters tare much easier . Overall i would recommend . . and would def buy this product again .
 Color is a bright light lime green ?? A little more intense than `` mint '' ... Overall , a great seat ... my son seems very comfortable and has plenty of room ... our chairs have cloth covers & seat stays put ... great to take with us when traveling .
 My 18 mo old daughter loves the chair , does not try to stand up in it -LRB- like she did in the regular chair -RRB- and actually takes it out to the deck when she wants to sit outside . However , it definitely has a funky smell -LRB- like moldy fungus -RRB- on the underside that I only smell when it is wet . I have to call the manufacturer and see what I can do about it .
 After returning several competitors seats due to poor packaging , I ordered this seat of of pure necessity . It turned out to be a great choice . Perfect height for my 2 year old to reach most restaurant tables . Seems very durable .
 I am very pleased with the prince lionheart booster seat I purchased.It is very easy to clean and to move about for my grandson to sit in.It would be nice if it came in more colors .
 This is comfortable for the kids , easy for me to clean and unobtrusive in the dining room . Also , a great choice for wooden chairs because they do not slip . The fact that it is manufactured in Canada is a big plus , too .
 I was originally looking to buy a Cooshee seat but purchased this one instead . It was a bit less expensive and is working out great . Easy to clean . Very stable and does not slip on our cloth covered chair . I would recommend it to anyone .
 For my first child i purchased a Cooshie Booster which by age 3 he had completely torn apart -LRB- foam was too soft -RRB- So still in need of a booster seat I purchased the Prince Lionheart booster and have not had it torn to shreds . I have heard no complaints of its comfort and well neither I nor my husband can fit in it to test it our selves . Also i could never imagine trusting my childs safety to a pillow or a book so it having a hollow bottom has not been a problem .
 this is a great seat easy to clean and my son loves it takes to other rooms to sit in it as well as at the table !!
 This little booster is really nice . It is soft but sturdy and it stays put on the chair . It has been perfect for my 22 month old grandson .
 Great product . It 's easy to clean and serves it 's purpose . It would be nice if they had one of these with a strap on it so kids could n't get off of it . But overall it 's a great product and I would recommend it to anyone .
 At first I did n't think this booster would be tall enough , it is only 3 &#34; ... which it did n't say in the description , or I just missed it . But it does work with our table . We have used it for a couple months - it wipes off easy , and does n't slide off the chair -LRB- which were my main concerns with this type of booster seat -RRB- .
 This booster is ideal . Its a little more costly then some of the other boosters out there but it is worth every penny . I bought this two years ago when my son was 2 and have loved it ever since . The foam is light weight , durable , and very easy to wash . I throw it in the sink and scrub it down with a sponge and it comes out clean . The foam will stain if certain messes are left on too long . My favorite thing about this booster is the lack of a buckle . My son does not need to be strapped in , he just needs to sit higher . It is impossible to , clean all the gunk out of those buckle straps and not needing to deal with that is great . It is light enough for my son to tote around to any seat he likes or even to the floor in front of the coffee table for those living room appropriate snacks . Also the whole booster is durable foam so there are no plastic feet to scratch your wood chairs or snag your fabric or carpet . I 've read the outer layer of foam can wear down but i have no had that problem yet . He 's nearly grown out of it now . If this turns out to be one of those products that I have to buy a new one for each child then that 's fine with me , because i love it that much .
 Love this booster seat ! It does n't move off our wooden chair and has finally taught our son to sit while he eats . The only problem is the tiny grooves in the middle of the seat show the dirt . I 'm not sure what the trick is to getting the seat totally clean . The rest of it just wipes clean easily .
 The only reason I did n't give this product five stars was because of the color . Otherwise , it 's GREAT ! Easy to clean , durable , lightweight.We needed a booster seat for our 3-year-old who was tending to get out of his chair more and more frequently . In addition to giving him more height at the table -LRB- and making him more comfortable -RRB- , it makes it more difficult for him to slide off of the wooden chair , thus helping him stay put at the table longer.Other users ' comments helped me choose this booster over another , similar , product -LRB- which some users said was n't as durable -RRB- . We are very happy with this purchase .
 I bought two of these for my visiting grandchildren -LRB- 2 and 4 -RRB- , and they worked out very well for my purposes . The surface is fairly cushiony but the overall construction seems pretty durable . We used them on top of both wooden dining chairs and deck plastic chairs . In both circumstances they were stable and did not tip or slide around . Note that there are no straps or fasteners of any type . Nor did they mark or mar the chair surfaces in any way . They also cleaned up easily with a sponge -LRB- indoor -RRB- or a hose -LRB- outdoor -RRB- . Given the price of other seats I looked at , I consider these to be a bargain .
 This booster is exactly what we needed . We bought one for restaurants -LRB- my 3 yr old is very happy to carry her own chair in , and that gives her something to do to keep her busy -RRB- . It worked so perfectly that we bought another for her chair at the dinner table at home.The color is inoffensive , the price is right , the seat is easily wipeable . Much easier to clean than her First Years newborn-to-toddler reclining booster , which this replaced . It is secure and compact .
 This is a great seat for my preschooler , raises her up just enough . It does n't slip on our hardwood bench style seat . My only negative is the seat area is a little rough so this makes it a little harder to clean , but this is relatively minor .
 This does it 's job . I have to scrub the seat with a Magic Eraser because a normal wash cloth sometimes will not remove the food .
 The Prince Lionheart soft booster seat is a good buy for the price . I was concerned about my son trying to climb out -LRB- or falling out -RRB- because of the lack of straps , but that has not been an issue ; he seems pretty secure in it . Although the color is n't my first choice , the fact that it 's easy to clean , lightweight , and made in Canada make up for that .
 We really like this chair , it 's comfortable and cleans up well . Wish it came in other colors besides green : -LRB-
 This is our second PL booster seat , our second child who is now two is joining her 3 year old brother at the table . The seat is lightweight yet strong , made of a coated plastic-foam material . Its benefits are that it stays in place once the child is seated yet does not require straps , which makes moving it a breeze ! It can easily be wiped clean because the material is not overly porous , unlike nylon or vinyl covered seats which allow food to easily get ground in or that crack or split over time . The 3 year old can be as energetic as they come , yet the original seat is over a year old and shows no signs of wear . A caution , like many materials , tomato based foods can stain , but a miracle eraser does the trick if you do n't catch it right away with soapy water . Overall , a fantastic product that is worth tracking down because apparently it 's no longer widely available . If you have an inkling of having a child , buy it now and keep it in your closet until they 're big enough to use it !!
 This product makes meal time comfortable for my toddler and enjoyable for my family . Durable and functional - great deal for the price !
 This booster seat works great . I have a 4 year old who was too `` mature '' for the fisher price booster at this point and wanted to sit in a big girl chair . There is no odor , it washes easily and stays on the seat very well . It boosts her right up to the table , and is the perfect height . It 's a little pricey , which is the only reason I gave it 4 stars . Although , I think you get what you pay for in the end . Very pleased and would recommend to others .
 We have had a few seats now for my 3 year old , who is very tall . Most seats are a little on the high side for her . This one was the perfect size . I like that it was wider too . She does n't feel that she is too confined .
 Pros
 This is the second one I have owned . I love them . They are great . They find it comfortable . The child feels like he/she is part of the family . It is also very easy to travel with to restaurants or other homes .
 I was worried about getting this vs. the more expensive Cushee , but am glad I did n't fork out the extra money . This seat is very durable , does n't tip over -LRB- no matter how weirdly my son climbs in -RRB- , cleans easily and looks good too . Highly recommended .
 That 's how comfy this little seat is ! My 4-year old has n't moved her little butt out of this thing since we got it earlier today , and I do n't blame her . The soft cushy foam is so comfortable , but not to the point where you sink down into it - it 's very sturdy . This fits perfectly on any standard kitchen chair and I love that there is enough ` grip ' to the bottom of it that it does not slide at all when she gets in and out of the seat.This is exactly what we needed in moving her from a high chair to a booster seat at the kitchen table - the right height and width -LRB- with room to spare and grow into -RRB- . It 's not heavy or clunky - my daughter is easily able to carry this around when she wants to - it would be perfect to take to any restaurant or the movie theater.The surface is easily cleaned - just some warm water and a sponge , a little dish soap if needed . Unlike with some foam/plastic products there was no strong ` plasticky ' smell when I opened the box , which made me very happy . Overall we love this product - and it 's a fantastic price !
 My kids are using this booster daily . It is made of a strong plastic/foam . Cleans off easy and very soft for my little ones . It 's great bc it wo n't scratch furniture . After looking at several boosters this one was well worth it .
 This booster seat is THE BEST ... no annoying straps that no one uses and just get in the way ... soft and easy to stay onand easy to stay in the chair where you place it . Love the orange color as it blends with my decor . My grandson wasdelighted when it arrived and we were able to remove the two phone books he had been sitting on . -LRB- It arrived in a SPEEDYMANNER as well -RRB- I am more than delighted with this purchase ... and his other grandmother upon hearing my praise , boughtone too ... in black .
 Awesome booster seats . They are made of durable yet soft rubber and seem to be just the right height for my 15-month old granddaughter and my 2-1/2 year old granddaughter . They are Just what I was looking for .
 I decided to get this seat over the cooshie , and I 'm very happy with it so far . I love the bright orange color . My son loves it and takes it with him to sit on the hard floor as well . I like that it 's removable and not strapped down to the chair . Cleanup has been easy with the exception of smushed blueberries , which left a slight discoloration on the seat . I could try something a little harsher to get it out , but I 'd rather not make it worse . I know some reviews said the seat rips eventually , if mine does that I will post an update !
 Overall , I really like this seat . It arrived very quickly , within 2 days of ordering . Its very lightweight , portable , easy to move from chair to chair , does n't scratch our chair 's wood like the hard plastic boosters , has a nice vibrant color , and was a good price . The outside is very easy to clean , but the actual seat part is tough to clean . It is ridged , so it looks dirty all the time , even when I 've scrubbed and scrubbed . That is the only downfall .
 This is the perfect booster for my toddler . She is just 2 , and it works very well . It stays in place on the wood dining room chair we placed it on . It is easy to clean too . If you have trouble getting off stains , try that magic eraser cleaning product . My eraser has taken everything off so far . I also use the magic eraser on her Babybj&ouml;rn soft bibs as well . My daughter uses her seat as a chair in the living room too . She likes to read her books in it .
 Our 2-year-old LOVES his new bright orange booster ! He was outgrowing his old booster - we had the Fisher Price Space Saver highchair and were using it as a booster . This is one is considerably lower , which is what we needed . Plus it 's lightweight -LRB- he loves to carry it around the house -RRB- , does n't slide around , and very easy to clean . If food sits on it too long it can `` set '' into the bumpy surface , requiring scrubbing , but if wiped promptly it 's a breeze .
 I ordered the Lionheart Booster Seat for my just turned two-year old grandson . At this point , he believes himself to be a `` big boy '' no longer wanting to sit in his highchair . Both he and I love the seat . He climbed right up into it and enjoyed his meal no longer being eye level to the table . I like it because it is made out of a very high density foam material . It remains very much in place on the chair because of the material it is made out of . That same material also keeps my grandson from siding off and comfortable at the same time . Clean up is a breeze . I just brought the seat to the sink for a quick wash and dry . Give it five stars for me and five stars for Evan !
 We first tried the Cooshee seat for our 5-year-old -LRB- she 's very small -RRB- . At first , we thought it was great -- it really stayed put on our wooden kitchen chairs and the foam was so soft and comfortable . Then , after about a month , we encountered three problems . -LRB- 1 -RRB- The foam clung so tightly to the wood chair that it peeled off the shellac when we tried to remove it . -LRB- 2 -RRB- My daughter 's habit of leaning over in her chair caused the Cooshee to crack and pieces of foam to fall off , at which point -LRB- 3 -RRB- my infant son began biting off chunks of foam and nearly choking.We ordered the Prince Lionheart version , and have been very happy with it . The foam is harder and more solid , which is actually more comfortable for my daughter . Her leaning poses no threats . My son can not bite pieces off the booster . And while it does slide around a bit on the chair -LRB- not the tight suction of the Cooshee -RRB- , our daughter is old enough to figure out how to hold the booster in one place while she 's climbing onto her chair . Bonus
 It is sturdy , easy to clean and seems comfy . However , I am using this with a 21/2 year old . He is a climber and will quickly climb out taking food with him . I used a belt strapped around the chair for a while to keep him in his seat . I finally gave up and got another booster for him -- one with seat straps . Now he stays put when that is important.This booster will probably be my choice in a few years . He does use it around the house to sit in and &#34; read . &#34; It is a great size for his little legs .
 Easy to place on the chair -LRB- I have a basic Windsor dining chair -RRB- , does NOT fall off even with my toddler jumping around . Handles abuse very well . Has four bumps on the bottom for traction . Easy to clean -LRB- I take it to the sink and wash away with a sponge . Color does NOT fade and is true.I have two , one in orange for my 6 year old and the Mint for my 4 year old . The orange one has held up very well -LRB- have had it longer -RRB- and I expect the same from this one too . Great product .
 Everyone askes me where I got this seat . It 's just like a bumbo - easy to wipe clean and does a good job with a little boost .
 I have had these bottles for a few months now and they are great . My son is seven months old now . The nipples flow works for different ages , which is great not to keep upgrading on the flow sizes . They do n't leak ! Which is great because it is always falling over and he is now starting to hold it on his own . But when he pushes the nipples sideways it will flow out then . He is teething -LRB- on his 5th tooth -RRB- so he likes to chew on it . I have always put them in the dishwasher and have had no problems , and they are bpa free . The numbers are hard to read on the side though . But you can make a small mark with a perm . marker . The not leaking is a huge seller point for me , I am getting more .
 love the bottles . they do not leak and they are a perfect flow for my baby . granted , she swithched to these bottles at 4 months old so the flow is perfect for her ... . she is now starting to teeth and i have noticed her rubbing the nipple on her gums a lot lately . the only issue is that the numbers on the bottle indicating oz . are very light , but i would not classify this as a problem per say . my baby is starting to begin holding her bottle , and the shape makes this easy for her . and of course the bottles are BPA free , which is the reason why i swithced in the first place . i know the whole BPA thing is a conroversial topic at the moment , but i figured for a few extra dollars was it really worth the risk that i may be harming my baby ?? anyway , love the bottles and i highly recommend them . the nuby BPA spoons are great also .
 My twin boys were born early and had a little trouble with bottles at first ... one because I think they did n't have a very strong suck and two because their preemie formula was a little thicker than normal formula . We tried pretty much EVERY bottle we could find . So , finally I found these online -LRB- after researching every bottle I could find a review on -RRB- and ordered them . Not only was I impressed by how inexpensive they are , but they were awesome ! My boys loved them immediately and did n't have any problems taking their formula after that . Definately a great product for the money . I have only a few minor complaints ... it 's hard to read the ounce markings , and the bottom is shaped kind of like a bowling pin , so when they 're empty , it 's really easy to knock them over . Also , nine months after we bought them , we realized the nipples were becoming worn and torn , and we discovered it was VERY hard to locate replacement nipples for them . I hated to buy all new bottles for three months , so I opted for the bottle Nuby offers that comes with replacement lids to turn it into a sippy cup later . I am definately sold on Nuby .
 These are really good bottles . They do not drip . The most important part of the decision on these is that they are BPA free .
 my baby love these bottles . they were a great price . and was shipped according to the day not like some others on amazon !!!
 I was freaking out that my 13 month old would be attached to his Avent bottle forever ! He would drink water from any type of sippy cup , but not milk . He would turn his nose up and throw the cup on the floor . Finally I bought these cups and immediately he drank it . I was so thrilled and would recommend these cups to anyone trying to transition from bottle to cup .
 Hi I wasnt sure if these were bpa free , so i contacted the company and most all their bottles are bpa free , even if it is not on the packaging . I asked about these bottles specificaly and they are 100 % bpa free , so i just wanted to clafify that since the first review says they are not .
 The BPA research was starting to concern me , so I decided to switch from my old Dr. Brown bottles to these . These bottles are big , easy to clean , cost a lot less , and are BPA free . Two things to note - first , the lines that indicate how many ounces are in the bottle are a bit hard to read . Also , they have a nipple with nubs on it to massage the baby 's gums . My child seems to like it , however , the liquid does flow out of it pretty quickly , so if you have a child under 3 months of age you may want to purchase some level 1 nipples to decrease the milk flow . These bottles are great , for I replaced my supply at a fraction of the price and now have some peace of mind .
 Yup , these particular Nuby bottles are BPA and phthalate free . A lot of people have issues w / the no-drip nipple , including us . We just bought another brand of standard neck nipple and they worked great . The bottle wo n't be no-drip then , but you will have an inexpensive , safe plastic bottle . The shape of the bottle is really nice too b/c it allows baby to hold the bottle easier than a standard bottle .
 After the BPA news came out I reluctantly gave up my Breastflow bottles . My 6 mo old had no issues changing to this brand . I will echo the other reviewer 's comments that the neck is way too narrow , it 's difficult to get formula in without spilling . Also , the measurements are very difficult to read , they should fix that in future editions . It would be nice if they had a place on the base to click the cap to the bottle -LRB- so it does n't get lost -RRB- . Otherwise I do like the contour & design of them .
 My little one loves these bottles . They are easy to hold on to . Love that they do n't drip and spill . And the cover makes a good seal if you are storing them with water in the diaper bag.Reason I gave them only 4 stars is the fact that we got such pastel girly colors . I have a little boy . We will use the yellow and lavender ones but the pastel pink is just a little too girly for me . Wish there was a way to specify which colors.The other ones we have were received as a gift and were bright blue , red , and green . So I know they make other colors than girl colors.Just a tad disappointed in the colors . We 'll keep them in case we have a girl next time .
 I started giving my son these bottles around 1 year of age and he loved them . I love the bottles for the nipple design , it does n't spill ! He would fling the milk all around and nothing would come out . Highly recommended !
 ordered these as a transitional bottle from all formula to cereal & puree mix . Great buy & wonderful way to color code for different foods & helps baby hold his own bottle .
 My daughter has a bad habit of spilling her bottle . She ca n't do that anymore . I am using way less paper towels . I love their cool shape . I was them in the dish washer they come out looking great .
 I love these bottles I bought 3 packs the colors that came were pink purple and yellow . It helps prevent ear infections because it prevents the bottles from leaking into there ears when then the leave there bottles by their ears .
 I needed to find a really cute gender neutral bedding set , and this one is perfect ! The colors are great , the animals are so cute , and there are so many different textures of material . It is very high quality . I not only have the bedding set but also the laundry hamper , the lamp shade and the wall hangings . My daughter loves staring at all the animals , especially the panda bear . Great product .
 This is very high quality set . It looks really nice in my son 's room . I washed it and it did not affect the appearance of the items in any way .
 I was a bit skeptical at first , not even sure why , but now that 's it 's here I could NOT be happier . First off I ordered the Brentwood pattern.COLOR
 We bought this pack n play after purchasing and returning an evenflo playard . We had one pack n play in the upstairs of our home from our first child and wanted a second one to have downstairs . The bassinet is quite sturdy , and all the pieces lock properly without to much effort . We did n't even need to use the instructions when setting it up . Plus it came with a mobile , a music station and a storage space for diapers and such . All in all a nice item , that can work for a girl or boy , definatley would recommend it !
 My wife and I purchased this for our first grandchild . I became extremely frustrated when I tried to put this togeather . The sides nor the ends would `` click '' togeather to stay up . Oooops ... Once my wife rescued me and read the instruction book . . -LRB- which was included -RRB- , it went up in a snap . . Awesome changing table , the bassinet is great . Wish they had things like this when we were raising our 4 children . Highly recommended .
 I consider this playard a good buy . It was easy to set up , although the directions could be confusing , as they were written for several model options and could not necessarily be followed sequentially . However , once figured out , the playard was very easy to assemble and adapt to multiple uses . Caution , the width is larger than most of the door entrances in my house , so if moving from room-to-room it may be necessary to partially disassemble . The purchase and delivery system through Amazon was outstanding .
 I am very impressed with this collection . THe pack and play is beautiful and incredibly functional . With the bassinet and changer both , along with a mobile and music box , this playpen is definitely worth the money . I like that the music box will play songs as well as nature sounds . Just a neat little bonus . I have found the entire Graco Clara collection to be incredibly priced for the quality and accessories it provides - and it is just the right amount of girlie that my husband likes it too !
 It 's a bargain to be sure because it has many features you can use over time as the baby grows , but you get what you pay for . The bassinet feature is not nearly as firm and secure as one would think or hope . The `` bassinet '' is the cushioned pad for the bottom of the playard that you fasten at a higher level , so you can use it as a bed for your newborn infant . When in the bassinet arrangement it sags VERY easily . There 's simply not enough support underneath it . Past the point the baby is 10 pounds it gets very saggy and warped , in our experience . If you want to have your baby sleep in your room longer than a couple months then I 'd recommend putting a real , actual crib in your room or a proper bassinet crib .
 This product is wonderful . You can fold it up and take it anywhere in a snap . You MUST read the directions . My husband tried to put it together when we first got it home and it took him almost an hour ! I decided to read the directions after we collapsed it to move to another room . It went up very quickly ! Ours had a set of directions in a pocket under the mattress . The only thing that we did n't like were the sheets that we purchased for it . They were n't very snug fitting , so we decided not to use them . We now have some stains on the bottom mattress .
 The Graco Pack n ' Play Playyard is a wonderful item - depending on your circumstances . If you have a two story home , if you travel by car frequently and stay overnight where no crib is available , or if you baby is small to average size , then this item will be quite useful . If you have a one story home , have access to a crib when visiting friends or relatives , or have a baby who weighed at least nine pounds at birth you may have other uses for your nursery dollars.The bassinet portion of the pack n ' play is somewhat small when the changing table has been installed . It works well for newborns or smaller infants ; however , if like my grandson , your baby was nine pounds or more at birth , then you will not get much use out of the bassinet . Since that configuration is safe to use only up to fifteen pounds , this equipment feature was only good for the first three months . As a playyard -LRB- or playpen , whichever you prefer -RRB- , I thought this was far to small to be of much use and would not recommend it to anyone who has the extra funds for a regular sized playyard.The portable crib feature and the changing table addition are two outstanding aspects of this equipment . The pack n ' play fold up fairly compactly and can be taken on driving trips when visiting friends or relatives . Because it is familiar to your infant , the disruption he/she feels may be relieved somewhat and you may find it easier to put your child to sleep . The changing table is convenient and is at a comfortable height for most adults . The pockets which are attached to the changing table are somewhat small and one must refill them fairly frequently.In my opinion , the mobile which comes with the Brentwood is cheap and does not seem to engage an infant . The little teddy bears are too far away for a young baby 's vision and the tan color is not vivid so it does not catch an older child 's attention . On the other hand , the color scheme is very sophisticated and will coordinate well with homes which have not succumbed to the nursery-colored everything mindset.I have rated this five stars because we used it in a two story home and it saved a lot of steps . Further , because my daughter will be traveling to visit relatives , this will be handy since none of them have cribs.One caveat - the Graco sheets for their pack n ' plays are overpriced with respect to their quality . I was able to make my own for significantly less . It takes about 1 yard of fleece or flannel which you will find will be softer and of better quality than the Graco product . A 4 inch pocket on each end and hankerchief hemming the long sides works well . Using sale fabric , I found sheets could be made for about 1/4 the cost of the manufacturer 's product .
 We use this next to our bed for our newborn son . It is nice to have something versatile to use as a bassinet for a newborn and then use when they 're older to play in . Was really easy to put together and nice to have the music and lights on it to check on the baby without turning on the main lights and waking up my husband .
 My baby likes to play there . He can listen to the music over and over for about an hour !
 Sorry for my english , i live in Colombia ... I only have one think to say ... it 's very good and very practical
 My baby is due in 1 week . This product is perfect and very easy to set up . Very glad that I can pack it up and take with camping .
 We 've used this since we brought our twins home . We wish it were a little taller because it is n't the most comfortable height -LRB- and I 'm only 5 ' 2 '' -RRB- for a changing table and it is a little wobbly , but it works well enough . We do n't usually use the bassinet because we use it for twins , but I guess that works okay . We use it like a second crib downstairs and this is what we 've taken on overnight visits when we 've traveled . Each time has been easy for us to take it down and put it back together . -LRB- Our 12 year old son does it for us half of the time . -RRB- Out of our twins , both enjoy the bear mobile that comes with the Brentwood set . Because our son in particular is absolutely mesmerized by it , we wish it lasted longer than just a couple of minutes from winding up . -LRB- On the plus side , no electronic parts make it still usable in the case of an EMP attack -- irrelevant , but see other reviews . -RRB- I think the mat is safe and cleans up easily . Overall , we really appreciate having this Pack N Play and we love that it matches our stroller and car seats .
 I 'm a big `` value '' person - I want to get quality for my $ ! I felt like I got it with this Pack and Play . Our son slept in the bassinet portion until he was around 4 months old -LRB- instead of an actual bassinet -RRB- and we used the changing table feature instead of getting an actual changing table . The storage area clip on feature was great too in the early , newborn days , for keeping the little things you need on hand . Once our son moved to his crib , we occasionally used it to contain our crawler during the day , but now it 's mostly for going to the in-laws . Overall , really like this product.The only cons I can think of is that it is really heavy when closed up - not something you would want to take with you on an airplane trip - it would be a huge pain and expense . The other thing is that it can be tricky to set up/take down , as the collapsible sides do n't always click in/out as easily as I would hope . There seems to be an order of tasks that if you follow it will come together much easily . Spend a few minutes with the instructions !
 Overall a pretty good deal . We really like the flexibility . only 4 starts because of the variation in price for essentially cosmetic changes between the various designs .
 I was very impressed with this product . It is well made and sturdy . My daughter loves it and so do I. I give it a thumbs up.Samantha
 I bought this for my grandson and what a big help it is . It saves room and is also so very useful and easy to assemble . My daughter is very satisfied with it and it will get a lot of use .
 The Graco Pack 'n Play ... w/changer in Bancroft 2008 is SO cool ! I was able to get it HERE for the best price , and believe me , I 'm a comparison shopper !! My daughter was n't sure she really needed this since she 's had kids already and had numerous gifts and gadgets , but it turned out to be one of the lasting , `` Oh , I 'm SOoo glad you got this , Mom ! '' gifts ! The changer makes it easier on her back , and he sleeps well in the bassinet also . The design is nice , so it does n't look ` tacky ' in the family room where the family normally gathers . The only thing-when the baby gets about 18lbs . or so , the changer can slowly slip down off the bar the cloth of it is over on one side , sort-of dumping them in the bassinet . -LRB- it 's not a sudden thing -RRB- . Just be aware when they get bigger . He 's a big boy anyway ! From day one he 's been fascinated with the bear mobile - my daughter just wished it was wind-up or motorized . The sounds and vibrations are cool -- all the great stuff ! I 'd DEFINITELY recommend this to someone else !
 Well , I was really worried about buying Graco because it seemed to be the lowest brand in baby stuff ... BUT was pleasantly surprised to see that in this exception ... `` you do n't get what you paid for '' ! The price was cheap but the design was not ! So , I 've decided Graco is ok for us ! Not that all our other stuff was high end , BUT all the people we knew on budgets had Graco so that made me think it was cheap ... NOT AT ALL ! I think it was a great buy ! I passed it on to a friend after I finished using it for approx . 6 months with both my 2 boys who are now toddlers .
 I am very pleased with this pack 'n play . We used it as a crib for the first month and are now using it as a secondary sleep place . While it can be challenging to set up and take down , the instructions are very clear and after a few attempts , it will come naturally . This PnP is much sturdier than another playard -LRB- BabyTrend -RRB- we borrowed for a weekend trip . The only complaint I have is that the changing table and mobile do n't fit in the storage bag . While I could care less about bringing the mobile on vacation , it would be nice if the changing table would fit -LRB- hence 4 instead of 5 stars -RRB- . Also , it is worth noting that the changing table pieces are difficult to take apart . Overall good , sturdy PnP -- I would highly recommend.Update April 2011
 A bassinet , a changing table , and a play-yard -- all at $ 99 . Sweet!Assembly was a breeze . By the looks of it , disassembly - if necessary - is likely to be easy too.The changing table is slightly wobbly . Nothing serious . Just does n't feel sturdy like the rest of it.Overall , very satisfied with it .
 This pack n play is so cute -LRB- but not too girly so it will go good in any room -RRB- ! I took it out of the box as soon as I got it and put it together . I did n't have any problems setting it up and it 's very solid when it 's put together . I really like the separate changing table for infants - it has a washable surface for accidents . Also convenient is the wipes/supply holder on the end so everything is close by . Our first pack n play did n't have all these features and I feel like we got a lot for our money .
 I own this pack n play and yes it is beautiful and very efficent however putting it up for the first time can be very complicated it does not have a very detailed guide on how to put it up ! you may think so but it took me at least 30 min to an hour to get the changing table done and no where on the music box does it say to unscrew the back screws to put in batteries however i am certain that once you get it together it will be a breeze the next time but other than that it is a beautiful product and i am sure our little girl is going to highly enjoy it !!
 Has lasted through 2 grandbabies . Good quality , takes some practice to set up and take down , but nice to have this available at my house when the kids visit
 I am very happy with this playard . It is sturdy . Did not have any problems with the bed sagging like other users . The only thing is the changing table was not worth using . It does n't feel sturdy and I 've never wanted to use it . Everything else is great though .
 This is a great play yard , and I recommend spending a bit extra money for it than buying a cheaper model . I borrowed a cheaper model and was n't satisifed with it . On this model , the mattress has more cushion and is therefore more comfortable , especially when placed directly on the bottom of the play yard for older babies . When elevated for new babies , the mattress support is better and does not `` sag '' when the baby is placed in it . My only complaints have to do with the storage bag ... It is way too small ! If you want to transport the changing table and mobile , prepare to carry them separately . Also , there is no carrying handle on the bag , which makes it annoying for a petite person to lift and transport . Otherwise , a good choice !
 This is our first grand baby sweet little girl , I am disabled Granddaddy so I get to watch her allot . But when we do not it is so easy to take apart or go to the park . Las Vegas is OK some days for the park . The cost was GREAT GET TWO one for Parents and one for Grand Parents .
 As a grandfather I needed a simple sturdy foldable crib for my granddaughter . This fits the bill perfectly .
 Got a great price and no defect !! I think you 'll love it.all prosno con
 bought this item for my daughter , she is very well pleased with what it offers and the price was not unreasonable .
 I bought this for one of my friend who is about to have his first child . My friend is waiting to play with his cutie on this awesome play yard . More importantly , amazon gave me a good deal . I think this is really a value for your money .
 it is of good quality , I am very contented with the product , although deberia to bring the mosquito netting
 I got this as a gift and it is the most used baby item in my home . My son is six months old and we have used this as a bassinet , changing table and storage since his birth . With a two story home , most of the day is spent downstairs . I can store diapers , wipes and change of clothes underneath , while he sleeps and plays in the bassinet . The style is very elegant and blends in with our home decor . I have definitely got every penny 's worth out of this item -LRB- ca n't say that for a lot of baby items -RRB-
 Very pleased with this product . As a first time grandmother , ordered it to keep at my house . Changing cradle is sturdy , I like the tray on the end for holding products , and the sound machine is a nice added feature . Reason for not giving it five stars is the mobile , it has to be hand turned for movement . Some sort of wind up feature would seem to make more sense . This , however would not keep me from recommending this product to anyone . Set up is fairly easy and the colors are beautiful .
 I love this pack n play . It was easy to assemble and is very easily packed for transporting Very portable and convenient.Great choice for portable crib . Like the mobile and changing table attachments as well.Has two different levels for when the baby is unable to pull up it can be closer to you . Then once they start pulling up you can move it down.The only problem I have found with it is that the sheets I found that say they are specifically for Graco Pack n Plays do not fit well . They are too tight and it pulls on the matress where it wont stay completely flat and has a hump in the middle which must be uncomfortable for a baby to sleep on . Wish I knew which sheets to get . But dont be fooled , if it says its specifically for this pack n play , it does not mean it will fit properly . Trial and error I 'm afraid ...
 I originally purchased the Graco Pack n Play with the Bassinet for my youngest daughter for her first child . She loved it . She told me it was the best most important item that she had for the baby . She used it for her second child and still raved about it . After 2 infants who stayd in it for about 6 months each , it still looked new . She liked the convenience for her in the middle of the night also . She gave it to a friend for her to use . I bought one for my friend next for her first child and she loved it . I just bought another one for the new baby that is expected by my son 's wife . Good Value . Durable . Easy to clean . Very Convenient . I would recommend this for anyone having a baby .
 We received this product a few weeks ago . Although the instruction manual is quite confusing and only uses pictures -LRB- no words -RRB- for instructing , my husband was able to put the pack 'n play together easily.We were pleased with the quality of the product . The material is sturdier than some similar pack 'n plays that we had seen in the stores . Other brands had threads hanging all over the place , the seams were coming apart , etc.The two areas of slight complaint that I have with this product are that the mobile does not move on its own -LRB- and does not have a crank either -RRB- and that the area for diaper storage is small , not like the hanging bags on other models . As for the mobile , you would have to stand over the pack 'n play while hand spinning it , or , as my husband noticed , you can purchase different parts for it -LRB- which , he said , will not fit this mobile -RRB- . It does n't really matter enough to me . I think that the bears are cute enough just dangling anyway .
 Highly recommended - easy to assemble and disassemble . Exactly what we were looking for ... durable , handy diaper stacker , and changing table and very cute ! The perfect pack 'n play and for a GREAT price !!!
 Overall a pretty good product . However , I do have a few complaints . The mobile is garbage and just gets in the way - we threw it away . The change table slants to one side and causes the baby to roll . It is , however , compact when stripped down and is n't bad for the price . The side caddy is very handy for diapers and wipes .
 This pack n play has gotten much use since the birth of my daughter . After she outgrew the bassinet she slept in the pack n play in my bedroom until age 6 months . After 6 months I finally moved her into her crib at night . She always napped in her crib from her first day home from the hospital . My husband and I have taken this pack n play along with us on many short trips , and our 2 week vacation . I would rather my daughter sleep on my pack n play than the one at a hotel . It 's easy to put up and fold down . Has a nice travel bag , and if you put the pack n play in the travel bag correctly it has a nice handle to carry it with . Overall I am extremely satisfied with this purchase . When we decide to have baby # 2 I do n't even think I will mess with using the bassinet that my daughter outgrew in a month , we will use the pack n play from the get go .
 I needed a Pack N Play to have at my house for visits from my daughter , son-in-law and granddaughter . This one had everything I was looking for with the bonus of a great price and free shipping . My husband did n't have any trouble putting it together -LRB- and it 's been many years since he 's assembled any ` baby stuff ' ! -RRB- :--RRB- Amazon delivered this Pack N Play with lightning speed . I have come to rely on Amazon for great product availability , free shipping and amazingly fast delivery .
 If anyone interested in this Graco Pack 'n Play Playard with Bassinet & Changer in Brentwood portable crib , do n't hesitate to buy this . It is a great investment for a quality product . We 'll never need another one including for our future children . You have everything you need on the go . EXCELLENT IN EVERY WAY !
 I was just a little perplexed , but quickly figured out how to setup this Pack 'n Play , break it down and move it to another location in the house . It 's very sturdy and useful with its changing bed , and higher bed for our daughter 's newborn . I am older and it 's easier for me with this play yard to work with my grandchild when babysitting .
 I ordered this off the web picture , never having seen it myself . The colors are WAY cuter in person than they look on the website . The pack and play portion was super easy to set up , the bassinet part slips right on , the changing table gave me a little bit of trouble , you have to make sure you do it just right or you get stuck but other than that , at 6 months pregnant I set it up in about 10 minutes . the mobile works good and it feels very sturdy . Cant wait to get the baby into it .
 Very easy to put together . Very easy to pack up and take anywhere . Arrived superfast and price for this product was better than instores for same style and attachments . Quality is excellent .
 I purchased this for a friend who became a grandmother . She and her whole family love it .
 Product is all that was promised . I was missing the animals for the mobile and emailed Graeco to get them . They promptly replied and sent me a whole new mobile with the animals at no cost to me in less than a week.Thank you , C. Rubio
 I bought this play yard to use for our first born . The assembly took about 10 mins and the whole system is very sturdy . My opinion is that the actual colors look better than in the pics . For the price I thought this was a very nice product . The changing table is removable and also seems sturdy . We set this up in our bedroom for the baby 's first few months , but it 's nice to buy something that will last and grow with her . The only downside
 This item is great ! It was quick and easy to set up . Everyone has loved it and said it was so cute . `` Where did you get it , etc '' . IT works great for our newborn child and the changing table is nice as well . The changing table is not sturdy enough for our 18 month old child , but that is understandable . Other than that , this is perfect and the price was just right . For the money , and the versatility of this Pack n Play , I would buy it again , or recommend it to anyone . Thanks .
 This is a great play yard and bassinet . The changing table is a little low for me to comfortably use all the time , but it does work once in a while . It was easy to assemble . It folds up easily for transport and is n't too heavy . I like that it has it 's own bag . I will definitely bring this along when visting Grandma . The sounds are n't the most clear and realistic , but my baby seems to really like falling asleep to them . There is a good variety of nature sounds and music . I just wish the mobile was more colorful .
 love the design and it was super easy to put together . currently using the bassinet and changing table elements and both work very well . regular playyard sheets fit the mattress well . we also have a standard waterproof pad on there as well . my only complaint with the mattress is that it 's not a little thicker . our baby really does n't like sleeping on it , but that might have more to do with his desire to be in a more enclosed space to sleep and less on the pack n play . he also loves looking at the teddy bears on the mobile . just wish it could move on its own.highly recommend this model !
 I like this pack and play because it would grow with my baby . I like it more than I do n't and I have no regrets . I wanted it mainly for the pack and play part , not so much for the bassinet and changing table part . Those were just an added bonus.Pros :1 . Safe , sturdy bassinet part . It was a good height to lay her in and pick her up without really having to bend over2 . Neutral color and nice pattern3 . Folds up , opens , and stores away nicely4 . Easily portable and convenient5 . Has a night light and good sound machine6 . Can purchase sheets to match and keep pad clean7 . Bassinet and pack and play assembly was fairly easy and quick8 . Not too heavy .9 . Matching carrying storage bag10 . The padding seems fairly comfortable . -LRB- The quilted sheet gives it that extra comfort though -RRB- 11 . Price is comparable to most pack and plays and I think you get a lot for the money . Although if you just want a pack and play for an older baby , there are others you can get for less.Cons :1 . Changing table is n't too sturdy -LRB- Daughter born @ 9lbs so we did n't use it much -RRB- 2 . Accessory holder is too narrow to lay diapers or wipes in there . I had to put those items in straight up .3 . The changing table assembly part of it was ok . My mother and I put it together without too much hassle but it did take some time and effort .4 . Non motorized mobile . It just hung over her and I 'd have to spin it .5 . When you are done with the bassinet and changing table portions , you have to find a place to store them separately . Even when you are done using the pack and play forever , those items wo n't fit with the the pack and play in the bag easily , if at all .6 . Ca n't thoroughly wash the pad . I have the play yard sheet which I use every time because that is the only way to wash and keep the pad clean . The sheet though can be a bit tight -RRB- I put the sheet and the netting in the closed up arms before putting it in the bag so that I know where those items are and I can have them at my disposal wherever I take it .
 Our son is 3 months now and we use the Graco Pack-n-Play every day ! The Bassinet is a great feature . Our son takes about 3-4 naps in it daily and just loves it , he wakes up happy and just stares at the little bear mobile above him . Having the diaper changing platform is truly fabulous as well , along with the side holder , I use to hold extra diapers and butt paste . Only con for me is the music on the mobile ... its a wind up and it does n't stay on very long . I would have prefered to place a battery in it for longer music play time , but that 's the only con . We have n't traveled with it yet so I ca n't speak to its portablility but it was super easy to put together and take down . I 'd buy this this product for any of my family or friends .
 Bought this for a friend and his wife who were expecting their first child . A great gift for any parents because it multi-tasks and the changing area is great for saving a diaper changer 's back . The color is more versitile than some for transitioning from a girl to a boy later.The couple that recieved it loved it and are thrilled.It shipped super fast and was recieved in less time than the invoice stated . Excellent purchase .
 We bought this item for $ 108 -LRB- Free shipping -RRB- and could not be happier . The item was easy to setup , light , and the changer has been really helpful while we kept it at our living room . We are still using it only as a bassinet , so we still have to see how it will function as a playard .
 This product is all you need for your little one . A bassinet , a crib , a playpen , a changing table and it 's all portable too . It 's easy to fold and unfold and packs up neatly in its bag . The side tray is perfect for holding diapers and everything you need for quick and easy diaper duty . Music station is perfect to help soothe your baby when he 's having trouble falling asleep.I highly recommend it !!
 You really do n't need to spend a fortune on outfitting a nursery with an expensive crib , changing table , etc. . This product is an all-in-one solution , AND it 's portable ! Our nursery is on the 2nd floor but I use this on the first floor to keep the baby nearby when she 's sleeping and as a changing station .
 I just received the pack n ' play today . I am due in two weeks and the shipping was pretty fast ! That was the first plus.This is our third child so we already knew how to put up the pack n ' play.You have to play with it a bit . But just slightly push down the middle -LRB- bottom -RRB- , pull up on the short sides first until they lock , then the long sides and push down the bottom completely . You may have to push the white release buttons to be able to pull up on the sides because they may be locked . But this was the easy part.Next you install the bassinet -LRB- if you plan to use it -RRB- . When our first daughter was born we do n't remember any pack n ' play models with this option . This was also easy to install . At this point you would put the mattress in the bassinet -LRB- we put it in the pack n ' play part first as this was our normal way of doing things LOL -RRB- I really like the bassinet . It 's nice and seems comfortable . I purchased the quilted sheet because I read other reviews advising that it can be hard for your little one after normal use.So then you put together that darn changing table . Well this has been a bit hard for us . We know from using infant products that nothing should overlap , nothing should be lose , all pieces and fabric needs to be secure . There is a part on the changing table , opposite the danger warning side , that has been giving us a problem . There is a large piece of fabric with an area for a pole to be inserted , but it seems you have to put so much tension on this part to insert the pole ! I will update this review as I just simply got frustrated and said I will do that part later . My seven year old put the mobile together :-RRB- It plays music . It 's really nice . I gave it four stars because of the difficulty to put the changing table together . It 's easy to put it on the pack n ' play , but not easy to put it together . Hope this helps for now.Update !!! So I woke up at 2:00 a.m. for a snack and put the changing table together with no problem . I had to remove the short white poles that go into the holes on the actual pack n ' play . Then insert the long pole into the sleeve . After that I put the short white poles back on and installed it -LRB- easy -RRB- onto the pack n ' play . It was so easy . I just needed to rest . I did it in about three minutes . I had to use an ink pen to push the little silver pens in to release the pole . Another note
 I am very impressed with this item . The colors are great . Even my very picky parents were pleasantly suprised at how nice it is in quality , as well as , aesthetically . Only issue I have with it is I wont be able to use it as a portable since it is too wide to fit through the doorways and its a pain to open and close again .
 We got this product so we can have a portable crib when we travel overnight . We have n't yet taken this on a trip yet but expect to do so this Christmas . Portability and ease of setup/disassembly were important to me and the Graco Pack N Play passed with flying colors . I took a star off because some of the accessories that I thought was included was not but it still came with plenty.Other minor quibbles ... The included changing station is certainly strong and we use it almost exclusively now , but our baby at 5 months has almost outgrown it . In a few months , I expect her legs would dangle over the edge . Included mobile is very basic and it would have been nice to have a windup component . But that 's pretty much it for the negatives.It 's an excellent product and I recommend it .
 I received this product and Ifeel it is an excellent product . Very easy to assemble and very usefull
 I got a good deal on this Graco Pack 'n Play from Amazon . 10 months later we are still use it when our daughter needs corralled -LRB- not often , she gets plenty of attention ! -RRB- . We consider it a 4 start because the changing table would n't stay parallel from the beginning , it had a pretty good slant to it .
 I just received my Pack N Play today . I was very pleased with the promptness of the delivery . It only took me about 30 mins to set up . It is a very nice size and color . I think my little guy will be very happy with his mommy 's purchase . I have yet to use it as I am not due until May . So that is why I only gave it 4 stars .
 hi , this is a very good item , excellent price . very easy installation and desinstallation .
 This has been a great product . I recieved it as a gift when I had my daughter and am now currently using it with my son . I love it and they have both loved it . I highly recomend this product .
 vale la epna comprarla ... comoda aunque no tiene colchon y es un poco duro para q el bb duerma
 Thought the product was really easy to assemble except for the changing table . -LRB- threading the rods was not user-friendly -RRB- . Other than that , we 're happy with the Pack 'N Play , however , it has yet to be occupied ! That will happen soon , though as a `` visit to grandma & grandpa 's '' is on the horizon . Thanks for prompt delivery ! The Langfords
 We recently had to move across the country and leave our beloved nursery behind . We built that nursery with so much love after an 8 year battle with infertility ... and were really sad to leave it behind . Thanks to this purchase we 're able to recreate the nursery in our new home , and do it with the same ease that we built the first one . This product is so easy to apply to the wall - just dip and apply !
 I was so tickled to find a bedding set that had SNAILS on it :-RRB- It fits perfect with my garden theme nursery . Daddy even pulled the pink and purple colors to paint strips on the walls . The bedding is very girly and cheerful .
 I had a difficult time finding swim diapers to fit my 9 month old , but these were great ! They have enough elastic to keep whatever is inside the diaper inside without leaving horrible marks on my little girl . Also , they are easy for mommy to rip off to take the diaper off after my baby is finished swimmming .
 My little niece of 18 months is kept quite dry while using these swimpants in her parents pool . My sister still can not believe how dry -LRB- if she has n't done anything -RRB- the swimpants keep her daughter . Great fit and quality . Highly recommend .
 This is a great product , i bought for my 6 months old son so i can put him in the beach and pool . Great retention too !!!
 easy to put on and off -- the baby has not taken a dump in the pool with this on , so i am not sure how effective it is for that .
 Love the product , wish I could have gotten the pretty girly colors . Arrived promptly as promised !!!!!!!!!!!!
 My mother got these for my daughter before she was born . I gave her one when she was still in the hospital . For a while they were the only ones she liked . I agree that they work great for a newborn up . I love them !
 My sister gave me these pacifiers as a gift . We got the ladybug and the bumblebee . Well my son would not take any pacifiers except these . They have little nubbies on the end that I think he really liked and they fit good . I know it says 6 months + but we used them when he was newborn . They are so cute too ! Of course every baby is different and you just have to keep trying products until you find one they like .
 These teethers have been well-liked by my baby and he has used them plenty , even now , at almost one year old , he still chews on them . A good thing about these teethers is that they float in the water , so one can take them to bath .
 My son loves these ! We have taken them to many places and other kids are always interested in them too . They are very durable and have nice surfaces for teething .
 My 6 month old son loves the keys . I took them off the ring and he plays with the keys and the ring . We have several teethers , but he only uses this one . Not only that , the keys float in the tub and likes fishing for it with his hands . Pros
 My son has n't quite grasped that these keys are for chewing , but he does like looking at them . They are bright and colorful . The texture is also rubbery and seems like it will be good for nomming on .
 Have n't used them yet but will when he gets ready to teeth . they looked cute and i like the bright colors . .
 I REALLY LIKED THEM , BUT MY BABY DOES N'TEVEN PAY ATTENTION TO THEM FOR SOME REASON , THEY SEEM FUN TO PLAY WITH TO ME BUT I GUESS SHE RATHER CHEW ON MOMMYS SHIRT :{ ... SHE DOES LIKE THE LITLE TAGS ON IT . .
 I found this toy colorful and nicely made . Bulky for under 6 months old hand . Really loves black and white ball at end .
 This toy is pretty heavy for my 5 month old , but because if the removable keys , he can still play with it minus a key or two . The weird black and white ball is what gets my son 's attention right away , but the sound the key make is a nice clacking sound and keeps him interested . The keys also have rubbery nubs on them so they provide a nice sensory experience . But the best thing about these keys is the little ribbon shreds at the top of the striped ball ... My son is in love and caresses them and chews on them whenever he plays with this . It 's pretty funny . Good quality toy .
 I am pleased with the quality of this product . My 7 month old likes it . Bright with different textures . She chews on everything ! Big enough pieces that she ca n't shove the entire thing in her mouth
 With the bold colors and cool patterns and the ability to freeze them , these are my daughters favorite teething toy ... right next to sophie the giraffe
 This is a chunky teether with a lot of textural differentiation from key to key . It is colorful and enthralling for some babies , but it is a bit heavy . Make sure your little one can life a stuffed animal or sippy cup before you buy this one . Otherwise , this is a great teether . Durable and useful . Doubles as a toy sometimes . : -RRB-
 The baby loved the texture and shape of the Nuby keys and both the handle and ball made it easy for her to grasp and hold .
 This toy was larger than I thought it would be ! It 's really cute and the bright colors contrast nicely with the black and white part . We 've attached it to my granddaughter 's changing table as a minor distraction . Love that it has different textures which should come in handy once she starts teething .
 Baby loved it - bright colors , easy to hold and manipulate , interesting textures to chew on ; good value in the teether department
 this food organizer works great for jars . You can adjust the hight to fit different sizes of baby food jars . that is great . The only reason why I give it four stars and not five is that it does n't accomodate the plastic containters -LRB- gerber food -RRB- . We used both , containers and jars and therefore had to have two different stands .
 This is a fantastic space saving product . I love that you can adjust the shelves to accommodate different height jars and I love that you can tuck it in the cabinet and have all your baby food organized and ready to pluck off the shelf ! The only thing potential purchasers should know is that it does not rotate , despite the fact that it is circular . I highly recommend !!
 This item is so helpful . It keeps all my baby food jars nice and organized . So much easier to find the exact food I am looking for . My pantry was a mess before I got this.It was a little tricky at first to put it together -LRB- the instructions do n't specify that you should twist the shelves to lock into place -RRB- . But once I figured it out , it works fine.This item works for jars only , by the way . If you buy the Gerber baby food that comes in plastic tubs , it wo n't work on this organizer . I mostly buy Earth 's Best baby food and it fits perfectly . In fact , in the photo on the box it came in , that is exactly what they show it being used with .
 I am incredibly impressed with this product . I have used quite a few Munchkin products now and find that they really do have parent and baby in mind . Theyre fantastic value for money and high quality products . I uhmed and ahhed about getting this after I read the review about this organiser then thought I would give it a go seeing as every other Munchkin product Ive bought has been great and Im so glad I did . The organiser I received was different to the picture -LRB- white shelves blue core -RRB- so Im not sure if the reviews that stated this item was flimsy , doesnt rotate , shelves fall down when you try to rotate it and the core was hard to snap together apply to just the item showed in the picture . My one is all white with a green rotating base.There are no instructions but it is simple to put together . If you make sure the shelves click into place you can turn the unit using any shelf you like or even using the core . I have not experienced shelves falling down to the next level once . It feels very sturdy and holds a lot of jars AND you can store your spoons in it too . If youre anything like me and have a drawer full of cutlery already it really is handy.I would deffinately recommend this product : -RRB-
 It organizes the glass jar foods . I used it for Stage 1 , 2 , and 3 foods . You just have to be careful when you rotate it . Do not rotate the white part in the wrong direction or it pushes that level off and everything falls . It does n't exactly spin fast like a lazy susan . It should n't anyway . I liked the extra holder in the middle for the spoons . When the baby is screaming , this was great to have on the open counter to see which jar to get and quickly grab a spoon .
 I looked at many baby food organizers , online and in stores , and was very happy I purchased this one . It holds the most number of jars , and can hold the Stage 3 size jars too . Also holds spoons at the top . Love the fact that it holds so much .
 This is great for organizing baby food . I have a small kitchen and the added room this product provides me is a HUGE help !
 I love this item . We used it for baby food jars for months , as the jars got bigger you can adjust the shelves -LRB- make sure you rotate till they kind of pop/click or they will collapse -RRB- . The center blue part also doubles as a spoon holder , which was very nice - everything was in one place . Could squeeze the Gerber tubs on it but they had to go long ways and stuck out a little . We no longer buy baby food , but I still use to keep my spices in order . Who does n't love dual purpose ?
 Easy to assemble , sturdy , turns easily ... ca n't go wrong ! This is the 3rd one of these I have owned ... and the best , by far !
 Love this looks very nice and works good I was surprised paid $ 7 for this at walmart and did think it would hold the jars as well as it did ! A little wobbly but great for the price would recommend this .
 I found this product cheaper at Walmart . The only difference is the middle portion is white . I like that I 'm able to turn the shelves to view the baby food . I do n't like it does n't allow you to turn each shelf individually . I also wish it would hold more than 24 jars of food . But for less than $ 9.00 , it 's a great deal so I recommend it .
 My baby is now 10months old & this little thing right here is what 's gotten us all the counter space we 've so majorly needed . This is one if not the best baby food storage product out on the market . There 's only one regret I made after I purchase this product and that is that I so WISHED I had purchased 2 ! One for food & one for drinks . Enjoy everyone .
 Holds all of his baby food jars . . EARTH 'S BEST ORGANICS HAVE BPA . . Just something I recently discovered.This thing is awesome , holds all of his foods and it looks really cute.I keep it fully stocked , and it holds all of his munchkin spoons on the top.One negative star because if you turn it the wrong way by the shelf it falls down . . LOL.That could be a messy expensive mistake so I 'm really careful with it.Enjoy yours , you 'll love it too !!! < 3
 I had a similiar product 30 years ago when my child was small . Now that his daughter is eating , I began searching for a baby susan for his wife.This makes all the varieties quick and easy to find as well as saving cabinet space.My other daughter-in-law saw it last week and had a fit . Her baby is due in August . So , guess I 'll be ordering another one soon !
 I 've bought two so far , these are the best for canned baby foods . They are adjustable , but tend to slip shelves if overloaded -LRB- only downfall -RRB- . Otherwise , I may buy another !
 This fits perfectly in my pantry . I love the open space at the top , I store baby spoons in it . It 's great that I can adjust it to fit bigger jars . It was a little tricky to put together since there were n't any clear directions but once I figured it out it was a snap . Literally .
 I only wish I 'd bought this much sooner once we started using jarred baby foods . They hold a ton and it saves so much space .
 I purchased three of these and they are side by side using about 26 inches of width.I bought them to hold vitamins , herbal supplements and nutritional supplements . Whatused to fill 2 & 1/2 cabinets now fills one cabinet . I think for people who take a fairnumber of prescriptions , these shelves that rotate would be a good organizer plusover the counter drugs like aspirin . I an impressed with the strength and space onthe 3 level carousel . These are a great value and a super organizer . You can also putspice jars on them . I highly recommend these organizers and if you have a child usethem for baby food . Great product , great value , great price and since I am a Primemember super fast free 2 day delivery .
 It is a good product for its price , helps pretty well to organize baby food and The base does rotate
 such a space saver for the cabinet and everything is so much easier to reach now this is my 2nd organizer
 This is a great produst to have if you are using/planning on using jars of baby food . If you use the ones that are in containers -LRB- Gerber etc -RRB- this probably wo n't be much of a help to you as the containers do n't really fit well on the racks .
 I really like this monitor . You can see if the baby is moving even before they start to cry . Really good .
 Fisher-Price that says it all . I have never bought anything of theirs that was not excellent and this purchase was no exception .
 After trying several monitors which only produced static , this is a dream ! I can here my baby breath as he sleeps ! Like any monitor it has some static around a cell phone , but only very minor . Otherwise - this truly is a Crystal Clear monitor !
 I picked this up as an inexpensive replacement for an old monitor that my toddler broke the ac adaptor on . A replacement adaptor was going to cost more than a new monitor , so ... The static is n't too bad for us - not any worse than the last monitor . Range is good . This is a good basic baby monitor and works for us.HERE 'S A TIP ABOUT STATIC FOR ANY BABY MONITOR - another appliance plugged into the same current can cause static , even if that appliance is n't running . That means ANY plug connected in the same line , such as all the outlets in a bathroom , all outlets in a kitchen , all those in a bedroom , etc. . With my old monitor , for example , if we had it plugged into the same line as our cell phone adaptor across the room , there was HORRENDOUS static . -LRB- Ironically it was clearest if you wre running the toaster on the same current . -RRB- My electrical engineering hubby had to explain it to me !
 This monitor was initially indispensable in caring for our twins . The default channel had too much static to use , but once we switched over to the ` B ' setting , that stopped being a problem . I can hear everything through the monitor , even being able to distinguish between my two children breathing . I love the option to turn off the sound and see whether the babies are noisy - one of my girls HATED bedtime until she was a few months old , and this allowed us to let us see whether she was still crying after 5 minutes without having to go in the room or listen to the I-hate-bedtime screaming . After nine months of daily use , the receiver stopped working , but this is decent value for the price . I found that the Safety First monitor I bought picked up the sounds from this one 's base , but with increased sensitivity . It would have been nice if the nightlight could be turned on without the monitor relaying sound , but the option to turn the nightlight off is fine .
 We have had this monitor for 4 years and it just now stopped working . We have used it 24/7 for all 4 years in both a one story and two story house . The night light is not too bright which is really nice . We never experienced any problems with feedback or picking up any odd sounds . We will be buying a replacement one in the next few weeks for baby # 3 .
 I absolutely love this monitor . I do n't know what everyone else is referring to about the static , I have n't had a problem with it . The monitor is so sensitive that I have it in my room with my new baby , but it 'll pick up my two year old son in his room across the hall . I keep the other end in my kitchen , across the house -- the only place I ca n't hear the kids if they 're both asleep . I 've never had a problem with static and I can hear my newborn breathing through the monitor . I 'm going to buy one for my friend , who is having another baby soon , and her present monitor is awful . I would buy this for anyone I know is having a baby , especially nervous mommies like myself who constantly check to see if the baby is breathing .
 I read the reviews and was hesitant to buy this monitor , but I needed a cheap one . To my surprise , this monitor works VERY well . Granted , when you turn the volume all the way up , you hear static even when the baby is silent . Otherwise , I think it is very good and clear , and has a decent range . I use the receiver downstairs from my baby 's room , and I can hear every hiccup . I am very pleased . The only downside I see is that the antenna on the receiver is very big , and although it has a belt clip , I ca n't imagine carrying this thing around with me . Overall , Its a GREAT monitor for the price .
 This was just what I wanted for a monitor to keep at Grandma 's . It works great and the price is right !
 I bought this item when it was on sale for only eight dollars and change although it had mostly bad reviews and low star rating . I live in a approx . 1900 sq foot home and from one end to the other it picked up with almost no static what so ever . For the price I payed it gets the job done well .
 We 've been using it for a week in our two-story home . The microphone is very sensitive and it has been great to be able to even hear our daughter breathing . Very reassuring!It has been doing the job just fine . The only reason that I do n't give it five stars is that the monitor is n't a rechargable unit - but for this price it 's a good deal .
 My sister has a small one bedroon apt and this product was perfect .
 I thought this monitor was n't bad for price . The great point is that I can hear my baby breathing which comforts me . My monitor is sitting about 6 feet away from the crib . I had this monitor for 1.5 years and have been generally happy with it . As far as the static goes , it does have static at times , you can move it in a different spot to lessen or make it go away . When your cell phone rings , it 'll make the receiver buzz . I just make sure my phone is not sitting next to the receiver . The Lights on the receiver light up when your baby makes noises . I can take it outside , but not very far . The further away from the house the more static . I am planning on buying another monitor like this one if I can find it for the $ 19 price I originally bought it for . Hope this helps you .
 Another gift for my niece . She loves it ! Lets her sleep better knowing she can hear her baby .
 This item I bought it for a present for my brother . They are using it for over a year and they are very happy with it , good sound quality , sometimes get interference from neigbours -LRB- apartament building -RRB- .
 I love this system . However , after only 3 months of use the receiver decided to start cutting in and out . I did call Fisher Price and they are sending a replacement . I do n't see the use in spending loads of money on an expensive one though . I love the way you can `` see the sound '' while it 's turned down . I would still recommend this to a friend .
 I really like this monitor . It does n't pick up alot of static or interference but instead allows me to hear my baby loud and clear .
 we love the sounds 'n lights monitor . . it makes it so much easyer to keep a hear on my nephew from outside -LRB- mostly by the swimming pool -RRB- and we love that it plugs in and thats nice because we wont have to buy and replace as much !! over all its a great buy !!
 maybe because this is my first baby and i have nothing to compare the monitor to , but it works brilliantly for me . i have it in my home office all day in the plug , and on batteries all night , every night and i change the batteries once a month . the `` humming '' which i guess people are referring to as static is not bad at all -LRB- for me -RRB- . i thought it was just background hum from a little insect destroyer i have , amplified a little -LRB- which i 'm sure it is still -RRB- . i think this product is just fine .
 My mother always said when something was designed stupidly , it had to be designed by a man . I can not believe that when this was made , NO ONE noticed that you need BOTH HANDS to turn it on and off . It gives you a little dial on each unit that can not be turned unless you hold it in one hand , then try to turn it with the other . The dial is made for tiny doll fingers . Ridiculous . The sound , however , is clear and very good , compared to the cheap model available at Walmart , Target , Meijer -LRB- off brand -- ca n't remember name -RRB- that lasted me about 3 months .
 My son is now 5 and I still use this monitor at night as a nightlight for him and for me in case he wakes up . Yes there is static if you turn it up really loud ... and you ca n't sit a cell phone near it but it MAGNIFIES the sound so well that I always keep it on level 2 or below . I 've used this traveling and we 've moved a few times since I 've gotten it and it 's still going strong . Great for the low cost !
 We 've had our monitor for only 18 months , but it 's second hand and built in 2005 , and still going strong . Provides a nice night light in the room too .
 We loved this monitor when my daughter was an infant . Her bedroom was upstairs and ours was on the main level , so we needed some type of monitor to hear her whenever she was sleeping . With this unit , I was able to keep the volume turned low and still hear her is she woke at night . Static was never an issue for us unless we had it turned way up , which was unnecessary . We also liked the gentle nightlight provided on the base unit .
 Love this monitor ! An absolute step up from the one I had with my last child . The only time I get a lot of static is if I turn the volume to the highest volume , and even then I think it 's just picking up a lot of `` white '' noise in the room -LRB- ceiling fan etc. -RRB- . In fact , I can hear my older child down the hallway from the monitor playing . No qualms here ! Remember to read the directions carefully-if you are too far away there will be static-but that 's with all baby monitors !
 I used this monitor to listen for my elderly father . It was great ! We could hear his every move which was necessary , because of his risk for falling . I never had any problems at all . I do n't understand the negative comments .
 We have used this monitor for almost two years without a single problem . I keep it turned down low as it will buzz if you turn it up too high . It has n't failed us yet .
 I recently ordered and used this product for my child and I 'm happy to say that it has n't disppointed me . My child really enjoys it and sleeps alot better with it . Every parent should try this out for their child it is a great product . I hope to see more products like this soon .
 Our monitor has absolutely no static . We first tried the Safe Glow -LRB- it sucked -RRB- but this one is crystal clear upstairs and downstairs . I would defnitely recommend it !
 The monitors work great ! The reception is VERY good . We have the base upstairs and the handheld downstairs and you can hear EVERYTHING upstairs , not in just the room we have it in . It works great because we have older children upstairs as well and we like to keep an ear out for when they are up ! Great great product .
 we own the previous sounds 'n lights dual receiver model , and bought this for use with our second baby . not sure why there are so many negative reviews . we are very happy with this product -LRB- again -RRB- . one thing i was not sure of prior to purchase was if it would be possible to use these new monitors at the same time as our old ones , since we now have two children to monitor in different rooms . it has worked out with no problem with one set on channel A , and the other set on channel B.as for the `` interference '' that other reviewers have mentioned , i have noticed it if , for example , you are charging your cell phone on an adjacent outlet . the thing also will go haywire if you have the receivers on without the monitor turned on or if you happen to not have everything set to the same channel -LRB- A or B -RRB- . but if set up properly , and without too much going on in nearby outlets , you should find this set to be perfectly reliable .
 We 've been using this for a month now , and I really can not complain about it . It works well , picks up even the faintest baby noises . The dual receivers are nice as you can keep one in your bedroom and take on with you downstairs or where ever you go.The base unit has a built-in night light . It is n't too bright , but at 2 am , you do n't need much to see . The power button is easy to find and operate . Channel switch lets you switch between two frequencies.The receivers can be operated either by battery or by included AC adapter . The batteries last a long time . A nice feature are the lights that indicate how loud baby is . This is great because sometimes you do n't want the volume up , and with seeing the lights you can tell how loud baby is being.Overall a great product at a good price .
 I bought one few weeks ago . The product was working very well for my house . The sound and light do help . Price for value is an excellent chose .
 I was surprised to see all the negative reviews as we have been very happy with our monitor . We have used it in 3 different houses now with no problems . I had static one time on one trip to my in-laws ' house , no problems on other visits.I am starting to have static problems with our first version of Sounds 'N Lights , but it is nearly 4 years old and has survived lots of use , moves and travel.I would recommend this product to any new parent .
 I came online trying to see if I could order another receiver for our monitor because we hate trying to remember to bring ours upstairs and downstairs each morning and night . I was surprised to see how many people have had problems with this product . We got ours just after our daughter was born and we chose this one because it was cheap and had the light feature as well which we thought would be great . The only thing that I wish we had done differently is to buy the one with the dual monitors so that we would have two portable units . When we first bought it we lived in a one story apartment and we did n't think we would need it as much , but we have relocated to a two story townhouse and now I have to remember to move it upstairs and downstairs.I will say that the battery life is very short IMO which is why I am looking for another unit so that we can just keep them plugged in . That is really the only problem that we have had with it though . I have found it to be very sensitive . I can hear her rolling around in her crib and I can hear the slightest whimper . I rarely turn the volume past the first level because I can hear her with no problem even on that setting . The lights also seem to be quite sensitive . The only time that we had a problem with the lights going off when she was n't crying was when our cat got shut in the nursery by mistake and was meowing to get out and the lights went up to full . :-RRB- We basically use the lights as an indicator . If the lights start to flash then we turn up the volume to see what is going on . It works very well for us.We have not had many problems with static . When we used it at my parents ' house there were some static issues but I think that may be because the receiver had to be placed next to a computer with a wireless router . While it was annoying and I can understand being frustrated if that was going on all the time , it has n't even happened that way each time we used it in that room . It was only once or twice . We never have any problems with it in our house.I guess the bottom line is that if you are looking for something inexpensive , I would still give this product a try . It could work as great for you as it did for us and if it does n't then keep the box for a week or two just in case and you can easily return it if it does n't work out . We really have been very happy with it . I do recommend getting the dual monitors though .
 I was given this monitor at the baby shower of my first baby 5 years ago . It has worked great for us ! I was surprised to read all the negative reviews on it , and after reading I can see why they say it has some static , but it 's never been noisy enough static to bother me or my husband . We have always heard our baby , and our kids through it just fine . Finally after 5 years , the cord on one of the receivers stopped working , and we need a second monitor anyways . We plan to order the same one that has worked so well for so many years !
 I have been using this monitor for almost two years and am fairly pleased with it . I like the light feature that shows if the baby is crying without actually having the sound up . It can have a bit of static , but I found that keeping the sound turned on the lowest level with still being able to hear the baby takes care of it . I have not had any problems with picking up radio stations or monitors . It is pretty sensitive to noise , however -- another reason to use the lowest possible volume setting . The receivers are a bit lightweight and tend to knock over easily . This is the first set of monitors I tried and I was pleased enough to keep them -- I ca n't compare them with similar products . If you are looking for a decent priced set of monitors that work fairly well , this is a good choice .
 we do n't use the monitors on a daily basis , but definately use them often . they are great - good reception , love the night light , and the price . we have had only one problem - one of the receivers does n't accept the power cord well . but with a little adjustment we can get it to work . but we usually use batteries anyway since we use the monitor for while we are outside during naptime . sure , there are better monitors , but there are worse ones too . so i would have to honestly say this is a middle of the line quality but with a super price .
 I BOUGHT THIS MONITOR SO I CAN HEAR WHAT GOES ON IN MY SONS ROOM WHO IS UPSTAIRS . I HAVE CRYSTAL CLEAR RECEPTION AND I ALSO HAVE ANOTHER MONITOR IN THE HOUSE FOR ANOTHER ROOM AND THEY NEVER GET INTERRUPTED . IT IS EXTREMLY SENSITIVE , EVERY BREATH IS HEARD . AWESOME MONITOR , NO PROBLEMS YET SO FAR !!!!
 I love this monitor ... it 's so easy to use and works great . I love the fact that it is RECHARGABLE !!! I can just leave it on all day and not have to turn it on and off all the time . I can hook it onto my pants and go outside with it . One thing I had seen on a few other ones I had looked at is that they were ridiculously huge or had enourmous antenaes ... that would not be easy to carry on your hip and work with . Great reception as well . As for the static , that only has happened if i hold my cordless phone next to it while on .
 We 've tried other brands of monitors , but this one is the absolute best one . It 's clear as can be , and we can hear the baby breathing . I love that.With our first baby I would leave the monitor on the charger while on my nightstand all night long , and I think this may have caused it to burn out the battery . My first baby was only 17 months old when we had our second son , and so since we had a need for a second monitor we just bought this one again . And this time I did n't keep it charging all night long and it has lasted almost 3 years !
 We 've had this monitor for almost 3 years and think it 's great . The base is low profile and picks up the slightest of noises . We bring the receiver into the basement and outside without any problems . The only problem we had was that the battery lost life after about a year , but we went to our local battery store and replaced it with a cell phone battery - now it holds a charge for days . Highly recommend !
 After going through several monitors with my first child , I was picky about the monitors we chose with my second child . I love this monitor ! No interference , no funny noises , no static ! Its easy to use for those who are n't tech savvy and my favorite feature
 We bought this monitor to use with our second child after having another Fisher-Price monitor for 4 + years with our first before it kicked the bucket . So far it 's an excellent monitor . We live in a big , old farmhouse and although we have difficulty with reception using our cordless phones I have never had a problem with this monitor even outside the house . The range is great and I love that you get a warning beep -LRB- that you ca n't ignore -RRB- if you actually switch channels by accident or if your battery is running down.It 's crystal clear and charges well . You can also use the monitor while you are charging . I have n't had any problem with the battery `` frying '' like other reviewers have and I have left the monitor plugged in for days.If this monitor lasts as long as our last Fisher Price did with the constant use I 'll be very happy . I definitely recommend this monitor .
 We recently moved into a two story house . I bought this for my wife because we have a two year-old who still takes naps and has n't quite mastered the art of going down stairs yet ! My wife knows exactly when our little one is waking up . The receiver works everywhere throughout the house . She said that she can even hear her breathing . Also , she has taken the receiver with our oldest daughter down to the bus stop a couple times -LRB- which is a few houses down the block -RRB- and she could still hear what was going on ! I would definitely recommend this to anyone .
 We received the monitors and started using them immediately . No static and very sensetive . We sleep downstairs and the kids sleep upstairs and we can hear everything with no static.For the people that complain about the battery not lasting eight hours . Plug it in ovenight and unplug it in the morning . Inconvient , yes but so is replacing batteries every week or two . The savings on batteries makes up for the slight inconvience .
 Crystal clear . With my first son , I purchased Fisher Price 's Sound n ' Lights dual monitors , which I did not like - way too much interference . Shortly before my second son was born , I threw it away , and purchased this upgrade . I can hear every little coo , cough , sneeze and breath with this monitor . I keep the receivers turned up in central areas of my home , and I can hear them from two rooms away before I hear my newborn . I love it.I have n't had the experience others here mention about the charge not lasting as my monitors are always plugged in . It may just be , as with many products that use recharable batteries , that the batteries just need to be replaced , especially when a product is used 24/7 .
 i dont understand why all these ppl are writing neg reviews . we live in a house with a finished basement and havent had any issues with this monitor . my son is going on 3 yrs old . im buying another set for my twins bc i loved how sensitive this monitor was , i could hear him breathing ! also i have walked across my street to the neighbors house while my son was napping and had NO problems even in her house ! i have the old white monitor and love the upgrades to the grey one . it CLEARLY says in the instructions to not leave it plugged into the AC adapter for longer then 10 hrs bc it will burn out the rechargable battery . this monitor is meant to be portable , u charge it , then use . so if your monitor has gone `` BAD '' chances are its by your own doing and not a faulty monitor .
 I 'm surprised to see so many negative reviews - our experience with these has been great , especially the range . I sometimes have to take the dog out to the lot next door while the baby 's sleeping , and it reaches with no problem . I 've actually experimented , and it still had 2 bars a whole block away . There is occasional static , but that does n't bother us . One of my friends bought a much more expensive monitor , and it hardly reaches to their front porch . It also holds charge well . A great monitor overall !
 I 'm active . In and out of the house , up and down stairs . This thing keeps falling off my waste . The belt clip is worthless . Other then this it 's awesome and we do keep it plugged in at all times .
 Excellent product . Great range around the yard . The rechargeable batteries are nice and LED indicators on both side are a great product plus . It is nice to have a great product that does n't stick out like a sore thumb like many of the other baby monitors -LRB- colorful , odd shaped , glowing led keeping our baby awake -RRB- . Small , discrete , and very simple to operate . Only my mother-in-law could/has been able to screwed it up ; the toaster has too many buttons for her . Amazon was fast for delivery and the best price we could find . Highly Reccomend !
 given to ungrateful person , was not expensive enough or high end of product , so I never heard back , they stated , well I guess we will just use them until they break .
 I have purchased 2 of these monitors for both of my children and the two main things I would change is the amount of static , which is n't constant and the length of the battery life . Even though they can remain plugged in , it is nice to be able to carry them around with you and when the batteries finally gave out after less than a year , I was n't able to use them unplugged any more . Other than that , I like the private connection feature . For the price , I would recommend these .
 We 've been using this monitor for about a year now . The only problem I have with it is the volume knob goes out on the units -LRB- gets sticky and looses sensitivitey -RRB- . We had problems with both of them and called Fisher Price about it . They sent us 2 new ones and did n't even want the old ones back . Now that is customer service ! So now we have 4 that we can spread around the house .
 This is a great item for parents . My daughter and husband being first time parents this made them feel a lot comfortable putting their son down for naps . It allowed them to be in different parts of the house or outdoors and not having to worry if their son was ok . It gave them a since of independence .
 I LOVE , LOVE , LOVE this monitor !! It really picks up the tiniest sounds - as I sit here writing this , I have the monitor volume turned down to half-strength , and I can hear the clock ticking in the nursery -LRB- which is on the opposite side of the room from the receiver and is not that loud in person -RRB- . The range is awesome - I was able to walk across the street and sit inside my neighbor 's house , and I still had half the bars on signal strength and could still hear the clock clearly.The lights are really convenient because if I am watching a movie and have the monitor turned down -LRB- to avoid hearing the ticking clock -RRB- I can have a clear visual on whether my daughter is making noise in her nursery . The lights are as sensitive as the sound , but are not too harsh that they light up a whole room at night.The battery life is great , and it beeps when the battery gets low to remind you to plug it in.The only problem I have had with it is that if you have the monitor in your hand and you walk too close to the receiver , it makes a terrible noise -LRB- due to interference of the signal -RRB- - but since there are 2 receivers , and the volume and sensitivity are so incredible , it is easy to avoid . We keep one upstairs and one downstairs and it works perfect . I would recommend this to ANY new mom - there is no need for a video monitor -LRB- you 'll never watch it , or you 'll spend WAAAAY too much time watching it -RRB- - this gives you the visual you want with the lights , and the sensitivity that you need to make sure your baby is safe and sound .
 This product was brought for my friend who gave birth to twins . The sound comes cross very clearly . She loves it . I think it is a wonderful product for baby or elderly adult that needs care . Or maybe just use as inter-comm . I recommend it .
 We love this ! We had read reviews prior to purchasing that complained of cross-connections , but we have not experienced that since there are so many channels . Works so well and has red lights for the visual checks as well as the audio checks on the baby . Wonderful and easy to use !
 This product is better then most . Now I am sure if you want to pay over $ 100.00 for a monitor it MAY be better but for the price and what I need it for it works GREAT !!!! I love the choice of channels and that if the baby is sleeping I do not have to hear static and hope I can hear if he is chocking . If the baby moves this monitor picks it up . Also the light indication is a plus.Great monitor ! I would recommend this product .
 I recently purchased this monitor when my old Fisher Price 49 MHz Sounds 'n Lights monitor stopped working in one of my twins room after only a year . I could hear my next door neighbor but not my baby upstairs . I figured this one has many channels to choose from so the chances of that happening where slim.Well ... It works and I enjoy this monitor so much better that I am considering replacing my other Fisher Price one . With this monitor I do not hear any noise from it unless my child is making noise . My other one makes a low static sound all the time , it is not bother some but I can still hear it . I would highly recommend this model . The price is great and I have not tried the rechargeable batteries yet but it is nice to know that I can take it off charge at any time and not have to worry about finding new batteries.A great find , a great buy , a great product !
 Love it !!!!!!!!!!!! Ten channels - so little interference from other devices . Very sensitive microphone . Comes with it 's own rechargeable batteries .
 This is the second Fisher-price monitor I have had . This model is the upgrade from my old one . It is a great price for a good product . The connections are very clear and having it rechargable is wonderful !
 This a great monitor for the price . We were hesitant to buy it since it was fairly new and there were no reviews on it , but we are pleasantly surprised how clear it could be . We have had no interference or static with this monitor compared to others and plus we get two monitors !
 I have seen many of the baby monitors on the market , but for the price you get two belt clip moitors , and the reception is very good . You ca n't beat it .
 My wife and I have 3 children ages 3 and under so we 've got baby monitors all over the house . We 've used I think in total 5 differet models from 4 different manufacturers including Fisher-Price , Graco , Summer , and Sony . We 've used both audio/video and audio only . This Fisher-Price model is by far the best we 've used . - Range . We have approximately 1500 sqft on the floor where we sleep . Our bedroom is on the opposite end of the floor as the youngest baby 's room . Other receives either did n't pickup at all or when they did they were full of static and background noise so much so that there was a continual hissing of static that we had to constantly endure . This receiver can be set at a very low volume so that background noises are almost silent but the baby can still be easily heard . - Rechargable . With the other monitor receivers it was a hassle to move from room to room . You have to unplug the receiver and find somewhere else to plug it in . One of the other models did offer a battery backup but we did n't use it for fear of going through batteries all the time . This receiver has a built in rechargable battery . Unplug it and take it with you . When you 're done plug it back in and it charges and is ready for the next use.We 're very pleased not only with the quality but also with the price . Amazon 's price was nearly $ 30 less than Babies R Us .
 We have been very happy with this product . We used to have to move our one receiver around with us when we wanted to hear if the kids woke up in the night . The two receivers make the logistics much easier . The choice of channels also reduces interference and makes getting good reception pretty easy .
 I have had this monitor for four months and am very happy with it . It 's easy to use and it does n't interfere with my cordless phones or wireless network . It does pick up some static when we use the microwave , but it 's not horrible . I was really surprised when I took one of the receivers outside to do yard work and realized I could go anywhere in the yard -LRB- which is over an acre -RRB- and still get reception , even with the base unit inside the house . It warns you if the reception is lost , which is also smart . The rechargeable batteries last a long time and you can plug it in while using it too . I do believe there is a design flaw though -- why is the channel button so big and in such a prominent spot ? It seems to me you just set that once and then never touch it again , so the placement of that button seems odd to me . But overall it 's a great product , no complaints.UPDATE
 I have an average size 2 floor house -LRB- 1700 ft -RRB- Works great for us . Lets my wife and I do other things when my daughter sleeps . We hear ever peep she makes .
 This is a great monitor ! My husband and I live in a two story house -LRB- 2200 sq ft -RRB- and this works great ! We have one receiver in our bedroom and one in the living room downstairs . We hear every sound my son makes and can get to him when he wakes up before he starts crying . This is great because it has taught him that he does not have to cry to get our attention . So now when he wakes up he will just babble and coo instead of crying-much nicer to wake up to!Also , my next door neighbor has the same monitor . We thought we were going to have a problem with them interfereing with each other . But mine is on channel A and her 's is on channel B and we have never had any interference or static .
 This monitor has been great for us . We have been using it for over 10 months , and the only complaint I have is sometimes there is a little static , but even then we can hear our son stirring , and often we can even hear him breathing ! I love that we know he 's up before he starts screaming . These are also very small and light , and very portable . We throw them in the diaper bag and take them with us so we can move about or go outside while he 's napping . The two receivers are great to keep one in our bedroom and one in the living area . We 're very happy with this choice !
 I purchased my first set of Private Connection monitors after I dropped my cheap one and broke the receiver . I loved that I did n't have to carry this one around so much because it came with 2 receivers and they had rechargable batteries . I leave one next to my bed and one downstairs -- they have been on constantly for 2 years and I 've NEVER had one problem with them . We have a large home -LRB- 3000sq ft w / basement -RRB- and can take it outside anywhere and still have crystal clear reception.We 're expecting our second child any day now ... but my daughter is just two and I do n't feel comfortable with her not having a monitor as well . I did a lot of research and came up with nothing when it came to the compatability of using 2 monitors , but I took the leap and bought a second set and it works perfectly just setting it on a second channel . Granted , I will have to deal with two receivers , but I barely ever carry them around anyway . I just put girlie stickers on my daughter 's and more manly ones on the one for my son to tell them apart quickly.I took back many monitors that were static-y and hard to work or constantly drained batteries . I highly recommend these !!!
 We use this monitor in our 3 story townhouse and we always get excellent reception from any floor . I can also testify to the durability of this monitor
 We 've been using this monitor for almost 4 months now , and it works great . We use this one for the baby 's room and the older version of the Fisher-Price Lights and Sounds monitor for our -LSB- ... -RSB- room , and have no problem using both of them at the same time . The rechargeable battery is nice in that we 're not constantly changing batteries , however , it does n't give you much warning when the battery is getting low . My only other complaint would be that there is no power indicator . If the room is dark , I ca n't see the display on the receiver , and have no idea if it is turned on or not . However , the display will temporarily light up if you push the channel button . We have had almost no trouble with interference -LRB- changing the channel corrected it -RRB- , do n't really notice the static , and can always hear our son stirring , sometimes even breathing .
 I keep the receiver in our office which has a lot of computer equipment . We bought a 900 MHz monitor because most of our equipment runs on 2.4 GHz . We were hoping there would be less interference . We were surprised and very pleased with how well this monitor worked . The receiver produces a faint hum , but overall , the reception is clear . We are definitely pleased with this purchase .
 I love this monitor ! No static , does not interfere with my cordless phones ... its great ! I keep the radio on in my twins room and I can STILL hear them if they cry.Worth the purchase !
 We love this monitor . We have n't had any problem with it buzzing or having static like our last monitor . We made a great decision to purchace this monitor .
 I love the lights - so nice when you do n't want to hear rustling from simple baby movements . Just turn down the volume and place in front of you when putting your feet up !
 I LOVE this monitor . I was a bit unsure about purchasing this particular monitor because there are so many to choose from and they range from about $ 20 to $ 400 . I 've always believed that you get what you pay for , so I did n't want to go too cheap . This monitor is excellent ! I ca n't say enough about it . Here 's what I love about it : * Sound sensitivity level . It picks up a slightest of sounds and noises . I can hear my son breathing through it sometimes . * It will make an alert noise if the monitor has been turned off from the base . This is good because if someone turns off the monitor in the baby room , an alert noise will sound from your handheld monitor . It lets you know that there is someone in the room who has turned it off , since you 're obviously not in the room and would n't know it otherwise . * Durable . I have dropped my handheld monitor several times on the kitchen tile and it still works great , no problems . * It 's very lightweight.Bottom line
 I bought this as a gift based upon the recommendation of my daughter who has been using one . Hers was so good that her neighbor borrowed it and packed up the more expensive one she had . That being said , having the cordless option allows mom or dad to walk about or go outside BUT if you do n't need a cordless option , I recommend a good ol' intercom that plugs in . I have had one -LRB- from Radio Shack -RRB- for almost thirty years that we used to communicate with kids upstairs or down in basements , as well as listen for baby cries or elderly calls in the night . This is something that has uses far beyond infant care .
 I was satisfied with theFisher-Price Private Connection Monitor with Dual Receivers - White . I found the lights on the front of the receivers to be much more useful than I would have thought . We have a large 2 story house with the nursery upstairs on one end of the house and a theater room/game room in the basement . No matter where in the house I am , I never lose more than 1 bar of signal . And when I do feel like gaming or watching a movie late , I can turn the volume down on the receivers and be able to tell if there is noise coming from the nursery by the lights on the front of the reciever lighting up . An additional note , we have wireless internet and all phones in house are wireless , and I notice very little , IF ANY , static over the receivers . The only thing I regret about buying these is that we would n't have needed 2 receivers and could have got by no problem with one receiver .
 This is our second monitor because we lost track of the parts for our first monitor after lack of use . However , we decided to start using one again after sitting our front of our house when our son went to sleep . This monitor had all the qualities we were looking for . We love this monitor , it 's reach is excellent . I see all of our neighbors monitor give them nothing but static and constantly needing to move their monitors when the signal dies . This monitor consistently provides clear and reliable signal . It 's so good sometimes , I have to go in the room to ensure its still working . Usually I stop when I open the door to the room and hear myself . We will be retiring it because we need a two room monitor because of our second child . There is one flaw that occured about 1 month or so after initial use . One of the two receivers did start picking up static , however the other one is clear . Therefore I attribute this to owner wear and tear , not the monitor itself . I have not researched it but if this model could adapt to a second monitor it would be perfect .
 So far this product has been great ! The reception is far superior than their older version with only 2 channels . There is never any way to get a perfect signal without some fuzz but this one does a great job of lessening it . Love it !
 I accidentally dropped one of the receivers off a 3 story balcony onto a concrete patio . I retrieved it totally unharmed.Also , I was surprised to hear the sounds in the room from that distance as clearly as any room in our apartment .
 After seeing some other reviews of this monitor , I 'm going to guess that we lucked out , or that these are hit and miss . As I posted in a comment to one reviewer , we 've been using this monitor for over four years and only now are we looking to replace one of the batteries -LRB- looks like we 'll have to put our trust in an unknown-to-me battery super-store website for that -RRB- . It 's been a great product for us . We 've taken the base and two receivers on several vacations , plus used them daily at home . A typical day has been to take a receiver off its charger when our -LRB- son , and then daughter -RRB- goes to bed , and put the other receiver on the charger . Then swap them the next day , and so on.Of the many gifts we received from the baby shower for our first , this is among the ones that has gotten the most use . We 've been very happy with it .
 This a great monitor , I have been using it for close to 4 years now and I am getting ready to purchase a 2nd set for our new baby . I leave one plugged in next to bed at all times and have never had a problem -LRB- it still works on battery power as well -RRB- . The range is quite long , you can go pretty far outside and it still works great , the only noise we get from them is from the white noise machine or humidifier we keep in her bedroom . I was happy to see I could still purchase this for this time around since our kids sleep upstairs and we sleep down we need to have a monitor longer .
 I ca n't recommend this monitor enough ! We 've been using it for 27 months , with many hours of use , and have only had to replace one battery recently ; we keep the other one in the bedroom and it is almost always plugged in , without any problem . The reception of this monitor has allowed us to leave our child in a hotel room and hang out in the lobby or the hotel 's restaurant -LRB- some people might think this is awful , but she wo n't fall asleep if we 're in the same room with her , and it can make for a much more relaxing vacation - and we can hear if there is a problem ! -RRB- , or go to our neighbors ' and know she is ok . Turned full volume we can hear our child breathing , and the clock ticking . We also appreciate the light system in case we are outside where it 's noisy , or if we have to turn down the volumn . Also , we 've dropped these I a million times , and they 're always in working order .
 I 've been through my fair share of monitors and this one is by far the best . It 's still working perfectly 3 years later . No problems with it at all . It is so clear you can hear them breathing . I can walk to the back of our yard which is almost an acre long and still have perfect reception . I do n't write many reviews but I had to for this one because I am just that happy with it !
 We 've only have used it for over a month now , but it works really well , it 's very easy to use . Quality of the product is superior , there 's no interference and the reach is great ! I do n't have to write long review to recommend this product , it 's just a reliable product that any parent with babies needs .
 I really wanted to buy a monitor that was n't super expensive and that had the light option on it in case you are in an area when you ca n't hear the volume well . This is the best monitor as far as sound , reception , and the range is superb . I have taken this down the drive way to get the mail and it still worked . We have twins and each is in a different crib on opposite sides of the room . With this baby monitor and even having music on in their room I can hear each of them clearly . The volume is loud . I actually have to have the one in our bedroom on the lowest it can go because it will almost sound like they are right next to me . scary at 3am . I highly recommend this baby monitor .
 Works very well and allows the owner to choose between different channels to reduce inteference . I would suggest a squelch button but that is not a big deal as the sound is much more clear and with much less static noise than the previous two Fisher Price monitors my parents were using .
 I am very pleased with this purchase . The monkey applique and green gingham trim are cute and made from quality fabric . The wood frame and canvas fabric are somewhat cheap , but they seem to be comparable to the other baby hampers on the market . The hamper would probably be too small for a larger child 's clothing , but baby clothing fits fine . I have even tossed in heavier items -LRB- blankets , towels , etc. -RRB- and the hamper is sturdy enough to handle them . The removable mesh liner is convenient for toting laundry to the washing machine .
 I researched and researched for a stroller that can be used from infant to however long my son would be willing to sit in a stroller and the Zooper Waltz won hands down . The Waltz can take my infant car seat -LRB- Graco Snugride -RRB- easily and putting the adjustable strap over it is a breeze . I actually saved money with this stroller because I did n't have to purchase a separate frame to put my Snugride into.I also lost my user guide and after emailing Zooper for the manual but also questions about how to put the car seat onto the Waltz , they not only sent me the manual via email attachment but also pictures of how to put the car seat onto the stroller!The stroller is easy to maneuver , looks great , and I really like the handlebars .
 The Zooper Waltz is a high-end quality stroller without the high-end price.When comparing strollers I looked at the P3 and the Zippy in comparison to the Waltz , and the Waltz won hands down for the following reasons : The Zooper Waltz has all the features that the other strollers have , except for : - a snack tray which can easily be bought as an accessory . - a bar handle instead of adjustable handles -LRB- but which makes it easier to steer one-handed -RRB- . - Has a two-step telescope fold instead of an umbrella fold -LRB- but which I still folded using only one hand -RRB- . A huge added bonus is that for about $ 100 less than the other strollers , the Waltz also includes a myriad of accessories , namely a boot , rain shade and UV sun shade . It also includes the car seat adapter straps , so most infant car seats can be used to turn it into a travel system.This stroller is a real pleasure to use - it 's easy to manouver , has great safety features , and can be used from newborn since it has a full recline.I misplaced my user manual , and contacted Zooper Customer Service via email with a question . They got back to me promptly and were extremely helpful , so it 's nice to know in case you ever need them!I love it and highly recommend it !
 I 've gotten so many complements of this bag . I just love how I can take the shoulder straps out and convert it to a backpack , or put them away and use it as a messenger . A convenient , beautiful and `` happy '' bag . Highly recommend it .
 i was really excited to get this bag ! i love the colors they are even prettier in person ! i really love the fact that it 's a backpack bc i 'm always needing my hands free and i do n't like the diaper bag always falling off my shoulder when i have to lean over ! Also , i received the bag extremely quickly and it was in wonderful condition !
 I got this bag because it resembles the petunia picklebottom diaper bags and I wanted a sturdy backpack . The fabric is nice , the bag is very roomy and I have gotten several compliments on it . However , the backpack straps unzip from the back and the zip does not close , leaving the back gaping . The bag is on the over-large side . Other than that , it is an affordable alternative to those pricey diaper bags - the features on this one are nice , just a step down from pricey petunia .
 This product is fantastic !! The print is so fun , matches perfectly with the rest of my NoJo Jungle Babies set . The border was SO easy to apply , too ! I did have one person helping me , so I would suggest a heling hand if you have one available . But It looks so great , and I am definitely no expert !
 It was a bit of a pain to put up , but it looks fantastic ! We both love the way it looks in the nursery . I 'm very happy with this purchase . It would have received 5 stars if it was a bit easier to apply to the wall . It takes at least 2 people to put this up .
 Very nice quality . Easy to use , just dunk in water for a few sec and up it goes . Easily cuts to fit any room . I needed two rolls to complete a room of normal size . Has not bubbled or pealed in two years .
 I bought this for my Son 's Nursery and it really looks great . I painted the top and bottoms of the walls different colors and used this to separate the two colors . This is defiantly not the easiest thing to install but it was n't to bad . For the price this is excellent I had just enough to do the room with about 1/2 an inch to spare !! right on works out great !!
 The wallpaper border was purchased for my new grandson 's bedroom . Everything is coordinated and the wallpaper border real pulls the jungle look together .
 I love this border ... it added the final necessary touch to make our son 's room complete!I was tempted to try and hang it myself when it arrived cause I was so anxious to see it up but I 'm glad I did n't try - you definitely need 2 people to hang it . My husband and I filled the bathtub up with a few inches of water to soak the border and it worked out great ! One bit of advice - the instructions say to wait a few minutes after soaking to put the border up . DO N'T WAIT ! On the 2nd wall we waited a couple minutes after taking it out of the water cause we thought it would make the paste `` pastier '' but no - it just dried the paste up and we had to use glue to get a lot of the border to stick . On the 3rd wall we went directly from the water to the wall - did n't wait one bit , and that wall turned out the best ! And pre-measure your room too ... I only got 1 border and needed 2 so I had to wait for the 2nd one to arrive before I could finish the room.Overall I would definitely recommend this border !
 This was my first experience hanging any type of wallpaper , and I was quite nervous about it . Before ordering we measured our walls , and decided we needed 46 feet of the wallpaper . Each roll is about 30 feet , so we ordered two rolls . When it came time to hang the paper we measured each wall and added 1/4 '' inch of length to each measurement and cut the paper to length . We then filled up a large yet shallow plastic storage bin with a few inches of water ran the paper through it , the paper only had to be in the water for a second or two . As the paper left the water we folded it up accordion style with the glue contacting the two sides and let it sit for three or four minutes . To hang my wife and I each stood on a ladder in the corner of the room and pulled the paper tight pressing it into the wall . The extra 1/4 '' that we measured out before was wrapped around the adjoining walls 1/8th of an inch . This is done in case the wall or wallpaper expands/contracts or moves , you will not be stuck with the wall wall being exposed where the paper formerly covered . After the wallpaper was pushed onto the wall and in place , my wife and I went over the paper with a stain brush -LRB- available in the paint department at most big box hardware stores -RRB- , the brush pushed the bubbles out of the paper and ensure consistent contact with the wall . To cover the 108 square foot room it took my wife and I less than an hour and was much easier and less stressful than I had feared.You can see some photos of my handiwork in the customer photos above!Get it you 'll love it !
 This border turned out great in my nursury . As far as I know my husband did not even have a hard time putting it up . However , the room is not very big and we ended up needing two rolls . I would say the room is about 10 ft by 10 ft , maybe a little more .
 This wallpaper border was the perfect touch to finish off our nursery . We had bought coordinating paint -LRB- a pale yellow -RRB- at an affiliated site . It was easy to apply - my spouse was surprised . You just have to dip it in water and then paste it onto the wall , smoothing it down with a brush . It 's important to measure your wall segments first . We only used it on one wall because we did n't have enough in one roll to cover the entire room . For medium-sized to large rooms , buy two rolls . But it does make that wall look like an accent wall . It 's definitely a great addition to a Nojo Jungle Babies decor .
 I have been completely satisfied with this purchase . The border looked just like it did in the pictures , so there were no surprises there . We had the border completely hung in about 45 minutes -LRB- the room is 9 ` x9 ' -RRB- and had no issues hanging it - it was forgiving enough that we were able to shift it a little and smooth out bubbles after initially placing it , but then once we had it smooth and in the right place , it stayed put . We 've had it up for maybe six months now and there are no signs of peeling . And it really did perk up the room !
 I bought this because my 2 year old would n't stay in her car seat and we figured if she had an extra harness she would be stuck and hopefully safe . Well it worked beautifully , she ca n't even get an arm out anymore ! If you have a baby that has great finger dexterity or is really interested in undoing things I might pass on this product because it is easy to open -LRB- luckily my little one has no interest in undoing it , just working around it -RRB- but if you need to replace your harness on your infant seat or you think this would work to keep your little one in their seat then it 's a great product
 I know Graco wo n't admit it , but this fits other brands of carseats . Our Britax Marathon chest clip needed to be replaced , but their replacement parts are not cheap and do n't arrive quickly . Granted , this is not the same color as the Britax one , but it works and that 's all that matters .
 Bought this to replace a broken clip on our Nautilus 3 in 1 . It is a different color -LRB- darker -RRB- and also smaller , making it a bit harder to use . But it does work fine .
 It fits the harness strap , easy to install , good quality plastic , and solves my problem . My toddler CA N'T unclip it herself . -LRB- The original one she 'd just push the button and Houdini herself out of the bottom straps , then toddle up behind me and say `` Hi Mamma ! '' as we 're barreling down the freeway.Now she screams the whole ride because she ca n't get out , but hey , she wo n't die ... . Oh yeah , good price , free shipping , happy with my purchase.I 'd love if there was a black option , it would match the car seat .
 For my particular madel of car seat it was n't te right one but over all it 's an original Graco product and it does the job it 's just a little small for mine . I suggest to double check your model number and year of car seat
 While cleaning the Graco carseat our toddler uses we lost a portion of the original Harness Tie . This affected our ability to buckle our little guy in safely , so we thought we would have to purchase a replacement part from Graco.However , before ordering , I decided to check Amazon.com , and to my surprise the exact Harness Tie was available for around $ 5 , and actually was a little bit less than what Graco would have charged . Even the color matched.Since the Harness Tie qualified for Amazon Prime , I ordered right away , and within two days I had the tie in hand and on the carseat . It was a perfect match and I am a happy customer .
 Bought this to stop my daughted from getting her arms our or her car seat while we 're on a journey , works a treat .
 this is made of a harder kind of plastic than the one my seat came with , but it still works just the same . i put this on my Radian since that chest clip is SO HARD to maneuver . love this , well priced and Prime shipping : -RRB-
 I purchased this harness clip after we lost the original for our Graco SnugRide when we moved . It fit perfectly and works just like the original clip . It was much cheaper to order from Amazon than from Graco directly and the shipping was faster too . I did n't realize this piece was missing until 4 days before my second daughter was born and received it the day before she arrived - just in time .
 I purchased this to replace the original buckle that comes with the Graco car seats . I find the default ones to be way too big and bulky especially for my newborn daughter . Easy to install , clips easy , and was smaller and easier to buckle than the original in my opinion ,
 I purchased the harness because my son got a hold of the original one and it was the exact same one , I was very pleased .
 I bought it to use with a Infanti car seat and it is working very well .
 I bought this harness as a replacement for my baby 's carseat after a visit from grandma 's dog who chewed through the original . The harness is a pefect match technically , however , the original one was a tan color and the replacements only come in grey . Fortunately , it matches the latch for the shoulder straps so it does not look out of place . Other than that it is a perfect replacement .
 The Wupzey food catcher is great !! Not only does it look good , it actually catches the food and toys that my little one drops off the highchair tray . It sure is nice to have a clean floor again !! I would recommend this product to anyone with a new eater in the family . I am also ordering several for shower gifts .
 This is awesome !! Saves me from cleaning up all the mess on the floor every time my son eats !! All u do is wipe the mess off the seat and it goes into the catcher . I just love love this product I 'm so happy I found it !!
 I get so tired of cleaning up the floor after my baby gets done eating . We are also beginning to eat with utensils and that is very messy . The high chair food catcher is great and easy to clean . I have this entire line of products ! The coverall , shopping cart cover & the regular bibs . Inexpensive and very useful . What more could you ask for ? This allows for more play time and less cleaning .
 Wupzey has lots of baby feeding products that come in handy . My favorite product of theirs is the Highchair Food Catcher . This nifty little invention is 100 % Rip-stop Nylon and works for children aged 5-18 months . This came in really handy at our last family gathering . Usually , we end up with mountains of food in the floor but we only a couple of food items to pick up off the floor .
 I love the wupzey it is such a great idea , I use it for my Grandchildren , this would have been so helpful when my children were young .
 bought this bowling pin for people to sign at a bowling party . the item arrived on time and was exactly as described . it was a wonderful product and everybody loved it . the only problem was that it arrived with two dents in it , and they could not be removed . that is my only criticism of a really wonderful product .
 I bought this for my niece and nephew who are 11/2 and 31/2 . The 31/2 liked it better . The pins are SO cute . I bought the pins shaped like rabbits . My nephew caught on quickly how to set the pins up and understood which one was the `` king pin '' and that it always goes in front . -LRB- The king pin has a crown and jacket !! -RRB- . The only negative is that the cones that the rabbits are attached to are shaped so that the narrow end sits on the floor . Sometimes he had to set a couple up twice because little hands might find it hard to balance them initally . Overall , it 's a cute toy and very durable ... great quality . The company shipped as promised and was easy to deal with , also .
 I ca n't wait to surprise my son with this Bowling Pin Bank @ his bowling party . The guests will have enough room to sign their names and my son can also store his money in it . And this company shipped super fast . Received it within days of placing the order . Thank You !!!
 This was a great gift for my nephew ! Not only is it bowling but the pins are cute little bunnies ! They are not loud either , a major plus . And at almost three years , he had no problem using the game .
 If you are a breastfeeding -LRB- pumping ! -RRB- mom using Avent bottles , the breast milk storage containers are a good investment . The containers can also double as bottles - the center of the lid pops out to fit a nipple . They are essentially the same as the durable Avent bottles , but they come with the storage lid -LRB- as well as the newborn/size 1 nipples -RRB- .
 i found these containers great for storing brest milk in the freezer . they are small and dont take up to much space . the also fit perfect from freezer straight to the bottle warmer . i recommend this product for mothers who will be breast feeding and returning back to work .
 I use these storage containers for mixing breast milk and rice cereal to feed my daughter while we are out . I love these containers for this use . I do n't have any problem with leaking and I can feed my daughter straight out of the jar.I gave these 4 stars because I did n't get any use out of these for storing breastmilk in the freezer -LRB- which is why I registered for them in the first place -RRB- . It takes FOREVER to defrost the breastmilk in these bottles . I just ended up using the Lansinoh and Gerber milk storage bags because they defrosted quickly and took up much less room in the freezer .
 I love these containers . I have the Isis breast pump and these attaqch directly to it and then I just pop in the disk and freeze . I do n't have a problem defrosting them at all , just soak in warm water . Although I do try to defrost ahead of time if I know I 'll need to use it .
 Whether you are breast or bottle feeding , these storage bottles are just one of those things you have to have . I registered for them , since I was planning on breastfeeding my son . Little did I know just how wonderfully useful they would be.While I was breastfeeding , I used them for their intended purpose , which they served quite well . Never a spill , wonderful.But , now that I am bottle feeding , I am finding them to be infinitely MORE useful . I use them to store measured formula in the diaper bag . I use them to carry powdered cereal . I use them to measure liquids for the baby -LRB- there are measurements in ounces on the bottle -RRB- when I 'm making cereal or formula up.I 'm sure that , were I to continue on thinking about this , I could come up with a half-dozen uses for these storage bottles . But , even if all you use them for are the things I 've alreadr listed , then I think that you 've more than made up for the ... price tag.They do n't spill , they do n't leak , they just hold what you need them to . Which is what you need in a storage bottle , right ?
 We used Avent with our 1st baby and loved it . Now that we are expecting another munchkin , we planning on using them again.I loved these . I loved how simple it made it to store my milk . Straight from the Isis Pump to my fridge/freezer . Simple . Yes , the defrosting takes longer than some alternatives , but I always had a bottle in the fridge while one was defrosting . I found warming it in a boiling pot of water to work the best for quick defrost . They do take up more room than the bags when storing , but I think the convience outweighed that problem . I stored milk in the fridge and freezer and learned to rotate so room was n't a terrible problem . -LRB- If you do this , it is important to label and date the containers -RRB- This also saved me from defrosting last minute . I had some leaking issues from time to time , but figured it out . If you tighten the container/bottle too much it will leak . Simple fix ... do n't over-tighten . -LRB- Avent 's site has a short trouble shooting list for leakage problems -RRB- We tried other products , but Avent was the best for our family .
 Love this containers . These work well with the Avent on the Go breast pump system . I have n't had any problems with freezing them and they have n't cracked . Love the fact that they are small containers -LRB- 4oz -RRB- so they freeze well and when it 's time for the milk to be defrosted it does n't take long . I plan to make my own babyfood and I am going to use these containers . LOVE THEM
 These are great . They do n't leak and are nice and sturdy . The tops come off and nipple tops can be directly attached . After he stopped with these bottles , I used them since they had flat closed tops , to shake up his formula . I love Avent products and these are wonderful.They attach to the bottom of the Avent VIA Isis pump directly which was nice . Great for storage of baby food later on as well . Tops can be used with 9ounce bottles as well .
 The avent bottles are better than anything else for storage . I used the bags , the via containers , you name it . This is by far the best way to store breast milk . Do n't spend your money on anything else . You can even use the bottles to store baby food later on . You just put them in the warmer and its ready . There is no mess and nothing gets wasted . Good investment !
 These storage bottles are great because you can use them to store breast milk or formula . I like making a few bottles at night then later at night as I need them I warm a bottle take storage top off and add a nipple and I am ready to feed my daughter . I love all the avent products because of how easy everything is to use .
 If you breast feed exclusively , these are awesome to use as storage containers for excess breast milk . However , if you give your baby a bottle , I would suggest getting the 3-pk of 4 oz . bottles and buying a pack of sealing disks . You can save some $ $ $ that way .
 I love this containers . First of all , I am a big fan of the Isis Breast Pump , so these containers are perfect for me . I express into these containers -- freeze them -- thaw them out -- replace the sealing disc with the nipple -- warm it up . Then my husband is ready to feed the baby . It 's one of their times together , and I get to spend time with my older children . Perfect .
 My baby girl is three now and we still use these little bottle/containers to carry snack size food and juice in .1 -RRB- It was great using it with the Breast hand pump . You can seal it and put it in the freezer .2 -RRB- When they are at eating stage , you can blend your own food and store them in the bottles/container . Great for powder formula on the go ! 3 -RRB- When they are older , you can store juice and mini snack inside of them.Believe me you wo n't be disappointed .
 Of course I used these for breast milk when I was breast feeding , but now that my daughter is eating solid foods , these containers are great for storing homemade baby food ... and Cheerios !
 Advent was actwally the second breast pump I had . I tried to get the cheapest one thinking they were all the same . The advent was easy to use , was comfortable , and very easy to clean . Everything the cheap one was not . Pay the extra money , it is worth it .
 These are very convenient if your child is already using the Avent bottles . If you use a Medela pump , you can get an adapter and pump straight into these containers , eliminating a step in the breastmilk collection chain.I also find that the small sizes are convenient , especially if you normally pump four ounces or less out of one or both breasts.I did n't give this product five stars , though , because , really , these are just four more Avent bottles with a sealing disc . If you have a bunch of bottles anyway , you can just buy a pack of sealing discs for about $ 4 and use those instead .
 These containers are essentially the Avent 4oz bottles with the rings . However , they have sealing disks instead of nipples with them . It is so convenient to attach these to my Avent Isis pump , fill them with milk , and either refrigerate or freeze them . When its feeding time , I push out the sealing disk , insert a nipple , warm and feed . I love the convenience of the Avent system ! Buying these is more economical for me than buying the 3 pack of bottles and a pack of sealing disks . The bottles come with # 2 nipples and my son still uses # 1 nipples . Therefore I would still have to buy a seperate pack of nipples . When he gets older , I plan to use these for homemade baby food too .
 I think these are the best ! They are simple to clean and simple to use , and you know which parts belong to which bottles ! I use the Avent bottles as well as the Dr Brown 's bottles . When my mom is babysitting my baby , I put breastmilk in an Avent bottle , so it is easy for her to replace the bottle cap with the nipple , and when my baby is at home and I want his daddy to spend a little one on one time with him , he uses the Dr Brown 's bottles . The Dr Brown 's bottles are a little more complicated for other people to try and figure out , but the Avent bottles are a cinch ! I recommend the Avent bottles , they are big , but they are worth it !
 I am a nursing , working mom and I have found that these little containers are a lifesaver ! They attatch to the bottom of the Isis pump -LRB- also by Avent -RRB- for no hassle pumping . Then the top goes on tight , so you do n't have to worry about leakage or spillage -LRB- if you were to pour into another container -RRB- . Much easier to deal with than bags that flop over in the freezer and get into wierd shapes . These Avent Breast Milk containers can stack very easily so they do n't take over your freezer . I recomend putting a sticky label -LRB- I use address labels cut in half -RRB- with the date and time expressed on top of the rubber sealing disc , as this is the easiest place to totally remove the adhesive gum.The baby sitter just has to screw on a new Avent cap with nipple attatched -LRB- or pop the sealing disc out and put a nipple in -RRB- . If you later decide to make your own organic baby food in your blender or food processor , these containers can also be used to store & freeze your baby 's first foods !
 If you are using Avent bottles , these storage containers are a must . Very convenient and versatile -LRB- use as bottles , sippy cups , storing breastmilk , babyfood -RRB- , easy to clean . Nice size to take to work or anywhere . You can use these with the Medela Pump in Style breast pump , but you need to buy an adaptor from Avent .
 These containers are tops ! You can pump right into them , with the Avent Isis Pump , which is great , or with most other pumps -LRB- with the converter piece -RRB- . Then just stick the container in the freezer . Exchange the sealing disc for a nipple and , presto , it 's a bottle . Add a handle and a spout instead of the nipple - it 's a sippy cup . And it is safe to use in the microwave . And it does not leak , even when it 's not upright ! And , thanks to the wide mouth , it 's easy to clean . The small size makes it easy to store , minimizes waste -LRB- very important when using breastmilk -RRB- and - for those who care - these containers are actually aesthetically pleasing . I am very happy that I chose Avent bottles - they are well worth the extra money , as after six months of use they still look brand-new . And if you ever need it , Avent customer service is even better !
 I used to use the disposable bags to store breastmilk in the freezer even though we used regular Avent bottles . When I found out these could be used in the freezer I switched and I LOVE IT ! They CAN be used with the MEDELA PUMPS . There is a converter cap you can buy seperately to pump DIRECTLY into these bottles from most pumps ! I would highly recommend trying this product .
 These are great ! Just pump the milk in to these and freeze for Daddy to feed the baby . I can finally sleep in on his days off now because I have these to store all that milk . I just wished that I bought more of these . They are easy to clean because of the wipe opening . Small , light weight and easy to travel with . This is a must have for all mom 's .
 I bought these containers/bottles before I had my dd 11/06/99 and they have been through the microwave , freezer , dishwasher and have been sterilized by boiling . They have been used as milk containers , bottles and food containers.We currently use them with the avent sippy cup teats and they are leak proof.We will be having another baby shortly and I think they will probably outlast the the next baby too ... Probably one of the best investments I have made baby wise .
 These breastfeeding containers have made my life convenient ! I no longer have to worry about saving breastmilk and having it spill . The containers are small enough to fit in the fridge , and they are perfect for sticking into your purse -LRB- or briefcase -RRB- . No matter where I go , these containers can go too . I highly recommend these containers because when you add a nipple , you 've got a 4 ounce bottle for baby ! They are perfect for all breastfeeding moms and dads .
 I love these breastmilk storage containers . They make it so easy to collect the milk , cap it , and store it . When I need the milk , I just take them out of the freezer , heat it in the bottle heater , put on a nipple and go . They are great . Perfect size for my baby who still only drinks about 3-4 ounces per sitting . I will definitely continue to use these after she outgrows them for milk as baby food containers . They are great .
 I received several types of bottles at showers before my daughter was born , but the Avent line has been the most convenient and useful overall after 11 months . Their wide mouth openings make it easy to pour expressed milk with no spills and to add powdered formula without getting it all over the counter . The volume markings are easy to read , and the bottles hold up well in the dishwasher . I used mine both for expressed milk -LRB- with the Isis pump , which is a convenient manual pump for occasional use -RRB- and later for formula bottles . The best part is that as your child grows , you can purchase the no-spill sippy-cup spouts and have a whole set of cups without having to buy all new ones . That helps to keep down clutter in the kitchen ! My only dissapointment with these is that they are not compatible with the Medela breast-pumps -LRB- which I used for a time -RRB- , so I ended up having to transfer expressed milk . Overall , they are great !
 My son Jordan is 9 months old and I still use these storage bottles , but not just for breastmilk . My sister bought me The well fed baby cookbook . I love it because it 's so easy to make various meals . I make double batches , store the food in these bottles and stick them in the freezer . They are perfect for that b/c you do n't waste the food you make . I have also used tupperware , but b/c they are more than 4 ozs , some of the food goes bad if he does n't eat it w/in 3 days . I love the avent products ! Hope that helps : -RRB-
 Easy container for storage and stacks nicely.Jennifer
 These were great to pump into using the Avent pump , for storing my milk in the freezer , and also for traveling . The Avent bags work great too , but these ensure you wo n't have any spills or holes . Avent bottles are great , because they grow with your child . Use these for baby food and then for training cups -LRB- Avent sells handles , spouts , etc. -RRB- . Love Avent , another great product from them !
 These are fantastic for freezing/storing/reheating breast milk . Unlike some of the reviews I read , I have experienced no leaking thusfar . I use a Medela pump and transfer my milk into these containers because they have proven to be so wonderful -LRB- and they are acrylic , so reheating is much easier -RRB- . My only complaint is that they are slightly too small . I usually pump more than 4 but less than 8 oz . and so I am forced to either use two containers or sacrifice my milk -LRB- which is too precious ! -RRB- . However , I can deal with the smaller size because overall it is such a great product !
 My daughter is 22 months old and I still use these bottles . I use the Avent sippy cups ... so I just take the spout and put them on the bottle . This way I can get more moneys worth out of the bottles . Also , if we are going out for a length of time ... I take juice , milk whatever in these containers .
 When my baby was born , he never lached on , so I had to pump breast milk to whole time . I had about 40 of these and it was be best way to keep the milk available to him in the fridge and also to freeze and store it .
 I love these bottles ! Easy to use , easy to clean ... I can actually pump about 5.5 oz . of milk into them , and I can tuck one into my purse if needed .
 These sturdy containers make storing and feeding breastmilk very simple . I am using a combination of bags and these containers , but these are the easiest so far . Great choice if using the Avent system for bottlefeeding/pumping .
 I use the Medela pump - but their thin bottles and simple caps do n't seem like they have the ability to keep the milk fresh . I love the heavy Advent bottles and the caps have a rubber ring in them to really seal the bottle .
 I love these containers ... The one thing that would be an improvement would be if they added the nipples and covers . I would gladly pay extra for the benifit ! I use these for storing milk and love the fact that I do n't have to pour milk from the container to the bottle , but can just add a nipple , warm and serve !
 Highly portable , this car seat does the job . It 's easy to installand , though we 've been in no accidents , seems durable . A little trickyto adjust but if you 're smarter than me , that should be noproblem.Highly portable , this car seat does the job . It 's easy toinstall and , though we 've been in no accidents , seems durable . A littletricky to adjust but if you 're smarter than me , that should be noproblem.We got this fence , along with one extra panel , to keep our babydaughter away from our wood stove . It also ended up being very useful atChristmas time for closing off the end of the room where the tree andpresents were . The hinged sections , along with the fence 's rigidity , make it very versatile in closing off areas . It is also the only fencewe found that seemed attractive enough to leave up in our living roomfor a few years . The fence also comes with hardware to attach one orboth ends to a wall , making it more secure.We 've had this chair for ourdaughter for most of a year now , and it has done its job well the wholetime . It is very stable , and only takes a toe-press to fold up . -LRB- It willstill take up a considerable amount of room when folded . -RRB- Beforepurchasing it we were worried that food falling between the seat and thecushion would be a pain to clean up , but in actual use it has not been aproblem at all.Our only complaints
 This product is a lot cheaper than some other models out there and does the job it is supposed to do -- warm up a bottle fast -LRB- about 5 minutes -RRB- . It has a little tablespoon measure so that you know the right amount of water to put in , but this is n't really necessary after a few times . You just put in a splash from the tap . Negatives are 1 -RRB- it does n't have an auto-shutoff so you do n't know when the bottle is ready , you have to keep checking , and at least a few times you will boil the milk accidentally . 2 -RRB- if you are using normal instead of wide bottles , steam comes out around the sides of the bottle and can burn your fingers as you take the bottle out . I now grab the bottle by the nipple instead . 3 -RRB- There is no on-off button , so you always have to pull the plug out of the wall . Occasionally you will forget and the heater stays on , the water boils away and although nothing bad has happened to us , this seems like a hazard . ... Expensive warmers come with coolers so that you do n't have to go to the kitchen in the middle of the night . We were tempted by that but finally decided it was n't worth the money . Overall , we are satisfied with this warmer and think it was worth the small expense .
 This is a nice thing to have . We used it everytime we had a late night feeding - we keep it in the bathroom right accross the hall from the baby 's room . We would start the bottle warming , then get the baby changed and by the time we walked back into the bathroom the bottle would be ready . I NEVER got shocked by this product and it sits right next to the sink ! It is lightweight and great for traveling - we take it up north when we go - very easy ! I would buy this again !
 I got this item as a gift and it was wonderful . I used Gerber bottles in the beginning -LRB- but ended up really disliking them -RRB- and switched to a the Vent Aire bottles . I was able to easily warm up my baby 's formula in the Vent Aire bottles -LRB- remove the nipple and cap -RRB- and the formula came out nice a warm . The ONLY time the formula was EVER too hot was when I rushed off to soothe my crying baby and left the bottle in the warmer for about 2 minutes longer than I intended to . Still , that was not a problem and within five mins the formula temp was perfectly warmed again . But , like I said , it was ONLY the one time . I used Gerber bottles in the beginning like , I said , and they fit the warmer just fine -LRB- but I really could n't stand the bottles themselves -RRB- . So , all in all this a good product for the price . I am sure the newer model warmers are perhas a bit better , but you really ca n't go wrong with this warmer for the price . I have friends who CONSTANTLY complain about their Avent warmers and are sorry they spent so much . Try out this warmer and you might be pleasently surprised by how it works , but if not at least it did n't cost a fortune ! I would use this product again !
 This was just an extra item on the list , not thought to be of great importance at all , but ... . it has proven to be extremely useful . It 's fast . It 's small so it 's easy to pack and go . And most importantly it 's directions are simple to follow . It just makes life that much easier for you and anyone you may be leaving the baby with . I would recommend it to everyone .
 While going thru some packed items we ran across our Gerber Bottle Warmer and tested it out to see if it still worked and it did , 39 years later ! This was absolutely the best item for both my time and my money . It is also refreshing to own good dependable , products and know they were made right her in the USA .
 Got it because it was the only one I could find that said it could be used for glass bottles . It has worked well , though you have to monitor it so the formula does not get to hot . No temperature detection is included .
 This warmer is simple , easy to use and effective . It is not as fancy as some of the other models on the market , but after trying three other brands I like this one the best . You plug it in , fill it with water -LRB- spoon included -RRB- , and put in the bottle until it 's warm . The spoon makes it easy to add the right amount of water -LRB- especially in the middle of the night -- you do n't have to measure out milliliters like some of the other warmers ! -RRB- It 's also quiet , unlike some of the other brands that have loud beeping sounds . This is the only warmer I found that is good for glass or plastic bottles -LRB- although the holder is relatively narrow and will not hold a wide bottle . It is not designed for disposable bottles , either . -RRB- The only downside is that it you have to remember to unplug it and pour out the old water each time you use it . But again , it 's a great value for the money and a good choice for a no-frills option .
 Heats the bottle fast , you have to watch it so you do n't overheat it . The only thing that is a pain you have to plug it in and unplug it when your done . No automatic shut off . Very Affordable , gets the job done !!!
 This is good for traveling , but after a bit of use it starts to wear out . For this price you can just replace it with another .
 I used this item for both of my babies and it worked great ! So easy and convenient to use . Great buy for the money !
 I purchased this warmer to carry in the diaper bag for our trips out . It is small and does n't take up much space . I 've only used it with room temperature formula and it only takes a few minutes to heat up.The instructions recommend you not use angled bottles but I do and have not had any problems.I 'm very happy with this purchase so far .
 My 6 month old had outgrown his infant bathtub and so I searched for something that would allow him to sit and play safely . I looked at bath seats and other tubs , but liked this one . We 've kept it inflated since we got it -LRB- two months ago -RRB- and have not had a problem . It has a handy drain and a suction cup to hang it on the wall in between baths . It did have that strong plastic smell at first -LRB- like all blow up toys/pools -RRB- , but I just aired it out for a few days before using it . My little guy loves it and I love not having to worry about the hard sides of the tub . Also not having to fill up the whole tub saves on the water bill !
 Great fit , cute , safe for baby but deflated so fast . My husband has to re-pump it every couple days
 I actually really like this tub . This was an upgrade from our infant tub for my now 6 month old . I could inflate it with my mouth which took about 3 minutes . It also has a built in drain . I have had it now for about a month and I have n't had any problems with it deflating . My daughter loves it too . The bottom of it on the inside has a little bit of a grip feel to it so my daughter is n't sliding all over the place and she has plenty of room . she likes to sit sideways and stuff her feet at the bottom crease which helps her keep her balance . It fits great in our tub . I give it 4 stars because I have one complaint . When she is sitting in the tub and I open the drain I have to hold the drain hole up for the water to drain . Otherwise the hole will sit flush to the bottom of the actual tub and the water comes out really slow if at all . And I do have to pick it up and dump it if I want to get all the water out of the bottom . Its not that much of a pain I just think I was spoiled with my previous tub . So in the end I think it was a good buy . I had a hard time finding a inflatable tub with a drain other than munckins giant duck tub so I would recommend this purchase to mommies who are ready for an upgrade .
 As soon as my 5.5 month old starting sitting up without any support , i knew we were ready to move on from her infant sling tub , but not quite ready , to just put her in the tub . This tub allows her the freedom of being in the tub , but with the safety of an infant sling . She has plenty of room to move around and play in there , and if she slips and falls to the side , the inflated tub more than softens her fall . Its easy to wash her hair too - I just put her head back on the tub and wash it there . She loves it and so do I ! I have a feeling we will use this tub at least for 6 months or so ...
 This tub is perfect for my 15 mo old girl , and we use it as our everyday tub and also take it when we travel . my only complaint is that the drain sits flush against the bath floor so it does n't really drain unless you put something underneath it to elevate it a little -LRB- I use a foam letter since we already have them in the tub for her to play with -RRB- .
 My little one outgrew her baby tub around 5 months old . I purchased this item and read the previous reviews . Great item ... its cushy for baby and quite large for her and her toys :-RRB- Another great thing is even if the suction cup is wet , it still sticks to the bath tub wall without any problems and does n't deflate easily -LRB- it 's been about 2 months and still have not had to inflate the tub since I 've purchased the item -RRB- . Only CON is that as a previous reviewer had mentioned , the tub is slippery . So I bought the Green Spouts bathmat to put in the tub so my daughter does not slip and slide everywhere .
 When traveling , hate to put daughters in other bathtubs - this work 's good ! Easy to blow up and compact to fold-up and put in suitcase . You can take it no matter you are traveling .
 I love this product . I always felt my daughter was going to slip away from me in the big tub this fits perfectly in the tub and she 's safe the trouble now is getting her out .
 this tub has alot of leg room for your baby ... you can easily blow this tub up yourself in about 5mins . . my little guy loves to play in it . . and it fits snuggly in the tub . . and after we use it we hang it on the back of our shower wall with the suction cup it has , it stays blown up and ready for the next bathe . . I would definatly recommend this tub to someone whos baby is out grown the sink and still too small for the big tub . . this is the tub for you ...
 I used to love giving my daughter a bath when she was a newborn ... it was so easy ! Then as she started to become mobile , it was a little less fun - for me anyway ! I got this tub when she was about 4 months old and I have n't looked back -LRB- she 's now 14 months -RRB- . It 's SO much easier to wash her hair since she has something soft to lean back on . I 'm also a bit paranoid about germs and it makes me feel more comfortable that she 's in a tub that only she uses -LRB- vs. the whole family -RRB- . It 's wonderful to take on trips -LRB- especially to hotels ... yuk -RRB- , but just remember to bring a hand pump . Also , we 're having a water shortage now in GA and this uses so much less water than filling the whole bathtub . Ca n't say enough about this product !
 I love this bath tub ! We were not happy with my son 's infant bath tub , so we were anxious to move into this one ! It fits so nicely in the big tub and offers my son the added protection he needs . When you 're done with it , it just suctions to the bathroom wall to dry . The best part is that we 'll be able to deflate it and store it easily . It 's also great for traveling !
 We bought this tub because our son struggled with the bath seats . He was too big for the infant bath tubs but certainly could n't handle the full size version . This tub is a perfect in between option . The only thing that could make this product better is a slip resistant bottom to the tub .
 The Snug-Tub is great because you do n't have to fill up the bath tub . My 7 month old loves it . The only concern I have is that she is very active in the tub and the bottom is quite slippery . I must have my hand on her at all times . So what we do now is I place the bath seat in the Snug Tub and let her play . When she is all done I take the seat out and rinse her off in the Snug Tub .
 This product makes it easy to transition the baby to the big bathtub after they grow out of the infant bathtub . We tried the Safety First Swivel Bath Seat first and hated it . Then we got this and it was great . It 's just the right size for children who are comfortable sitting up on their own -LRB- about 6-8 months -RRB- and my daughter never felt intimidated by being in a big bathtub . We also traveled with it and it made bathtime away from home comfortable , easy , and enjoyable for everyone .
 The Snug Tub was one of the best items we 've bought for our baby . He is now sitting up , and too big for the infant bath tub . But , he is also too small for our large adult tub . He would constantly jump around in our tub and bump his head . It was very difficult to control & bathe him at the same time . The Snug Tub has helped us tremendously . We are now able to bathe our baby without fear of him hitting his head . The suction cup makes it very stable & the built-in drain makes clean up very easy . I definitely recommend this tub !
 I recently purchased the Snug-Tub for my 5 month old daughter . This is the perfect transition tub . It fits snuggly within your existing bathtub without moving . There is a suction cup on the bottom to help prevent this from happening . It is soft so if you baby does bang his/her head nothing will happen . It is longer than your typical baby bathtub which allows my daughter , who is tall -LRB- 28 inches -RRB- to stretch her legs . She has also realized that there is enough room to splash and kick ... something truly fun for a 5 month old . I like that you can hang it on the wall to dry and to keep out of the way.I will be buying another to use as a pool in the summer .
 I use it every day . My baby has been in it since 2 mos . Big enough for her to splash a bit , small enough to keep her safe .
 I actually got the Snug Tub Deluxe . This version comes with inflatable rings that baby can stack on the inflatable post . It also has an attached inflatable fish that wheezes when you squeeze it . I used it for the first time tonight and my 6 month old baby enjoyed the freedom to splash and play . My only caution is to use something to keep baby from slipping . I put her baby sponge underneath her to elevate her and propr her up . This was also good to lean her back to wash her hair and to keep her from slipping . I 'm glad I bought this instead of the EuroBath .
 This tub is great if you dont want to confine your child too much in a full sized bathtub , but is also small enough to keep it safe for baby . Since it 's a blow up tub , all the sides are soft so baby wont bonk her head . There is a drain hole at one end for easy draining , and a suction cup underneath so you can hang it up when not in use . It is also good if you are going on a trip and are not sure if there will be a tub to give baby a bath in .
 My son has now ` graduated ' to the regular tub but we used this tub for a year . It is perfect for when they are too big for the ` seats ' and your tub does n't accomdate the rings . In fact this is much better than a ring the babies sit in because there is pleanty to cusion them when they tumble over or slip trying to stand . Ours has withstood a year of use so far and we 'll be using it with the next baby too .
 This is a great product ! First , when my son began to sit up by himself well , we transitioned from an infant tub to a swivel bath seat that suctioned to the tub bottom and this worked well for the time when he was n't great at sitting just yet , however after a few months he was really too big for the bath seat and I always needed help from my husband to get my son out of the seat more easily so bathing him solo was a challenge . Then came this Snug-Tub ! I bought it originally to take on a trip to Grandma 's , but we keep it inflated and use it all the time at home . It is very quick to fill up and keeps my son confined and happy without having to fill the whole big tub . When we 're done , I pull the drain and use our hand-held shower head to finish rinsing him while the water drains . -LRB- I just wedge a toy underneath the corner so the water flows out the bottom easily . -RRB- I can easily pick him up out of this tub , too . The only small gripe I can say about this tub is that the plug is a little difficult to put in so be sure to get it ready beforehand . Overall , with the low price , this product should definitely be on your must-have 's list !
 I went on vacation and it was perfect to travel with and my son loves it . He splashes around more than just sitting in the tub and it is more his size . Very highly recommended .
 I have bought alot of baby tubs . This one is the best if you have a fiberglass tub . The seated bathers with suction cups do n't stick to my tub . This is great when babies can sit up , you do n't have to worry about them sliding around in your big tub . I am expecting a fourth baby and plan on buying this again .
 After buying a table top bath tub that leaked all over the place I started looking for one that would go in the big bath tub . For a while I used a sling to keep her up right plus I used a foam seat to keep her from sliding all over the place . Once we got done with the sling I kept using the foam seat to keep her in place . Now that she is able to sit up on her own I do n't even use the foam seat anymore . She loves it . I plan on buying it for 3 up coming baby showers .
 Loved this tub . It 's soft and cushy in case baby slips , although mine never slipped in this tub . The back of it let my baby lie down comfortably while rinsing her hair . My daughter used this tub from six months to 21 months . Perfect for when baby is sitting up but still too small for the big tub .
 After he outgrew the plastic tub in the kitchen sink , we decided to try the snug tub . It is a great product and I highly recommend it . It fits right into the regular tub , yet requires much less water and the water stays warmer longer . Our son loves to play and splash and can lay back and rest his head comfortably while we wash his hair . It is also great for travelling to grandma and grandpa 's and stores easily . It is one of the best baby products we have found .
 I bought this tub for my 7 month old and she loves it ! It provides great support and gives her enough room to splash and have fun . She never liked a bath much before and now she loves it !
 I bought this tub after the birth of our oldest daughter . It is a must have and works great ! It makes for a much more secure feeling in such a big space for a little one . It uses much less water than a normal tub and it 's easy to maintain and clean . We were able to use the original one for our second child as well . I would highly recommend this product ... it 's one you ca n't live without !
 My daughter is 16 months and we got this since she was growing out of her other bath . She loves it , there is a lot more room in it then I thought , it is cushioned and the real miracle that I never expected to work was the plastic hook to hang the bath on ... . it actually stays up . When have you ever had one of those that actually sticks . It is great because it hangs up in the bath and does n't effect us taking showers.For less then $ 20 you ca n't go wrong .
 I love this bathtub , and my son does too . The inflatable sides and bottom give a lot of cushioning , and keep my kiddo from banging his head on the tub . He 's now almost 2 and still wo n't take a bath without this tub . He likes to splash around in it , and it uses so much less water than filling the big tub . The only reason I ca n't give it 5 stars is that it 's not that durable . We 're on our third one now - the first got a leak in the seam , the second got a rip in the valve -- but we 've been using them since my son was about 8 months old , and the price is good , so all in all I 'm still a big fan of this tub .
 This item was the perfect thing for my 5-month old daughter who is large for her size and was not yet fully sitting up at the time . She had already outgrown the infant tub and I could no longer bathe her at the sink because she was too long for the counter ! So I bought the Snug Tub for use in the big bath downstairs . It really is great because if they fall against it there are no bumped heads . You do have to watch them to keep them from falling to the side towards the wall though , but it 's not hard.My only complaint was that the bottom of the tub was slippery for someone who could not yet fully sit up without support , and a couple of times she slipped down and it scared her . I was holding her so she did not go underwater , but her bottom slipped out from underneath her and it was a little startling . In some of the pictures for this item , they show a baby leaning back getting his hair washed . To lean her back , it required me to use both hands to keep her from slipping under , so I was unable to wash her hair . -LRB- Hubby is not always around at bath time ! -RRB- So I purchased a yellow spongy foam bear-shaped pad at Babies R Us that fits nicely inside the bottom of the tub . Now she can play with her toys and there is no slipping . Also I can easily lean her back to wash her hair and rinse and she is not scared , and the soap does n't get in her eyes . -LRB- I tried washcloths and towels before I bought the foam thing but it just was n't the same . Although you could probably use a big bath towel in the bottom , but it would be a hassle to wash it every time - the foam thing just squeezes out and hangs dry -RRB- So - it 's a great tub , and much more comfortable than a hard plastic swivel seat , but just make sure you get something for the bottom of it !
 I really like this snug-tub for many several reasons . First , it has a suction cap for saftey and you can attached it to either the wall or the floor of your bath tub . Secondly , with its air filled sides , even if your baby accidently bumbs her head , it will not caused any pain . The sides are also very comfortable and pillow-like and she can rests her head there -LRB- looking up -RRB- while I wash her hair . That actually makes washing hair much easier and prevents soap from entering into her eyes . Thirldly , unlike a bath seat , you do not have to fill your entire bath tub with water and that really saves a lot ! The only thing I add onto it is a non-slip rubber mat to its floor . This is much better then having a bath seat because it is much harder to wash your baby 's creases with all the bars in between .
 Nothing I could say would do this tub justice ! I think every Mom should have one ! It really is a great transition between the infant tub and the big tub . I purchased this for my 9 month old son who was using one of the traditional blue bath seats . The seat does n't allow you to clean the baby 's bottom and he would constantly slide toward the front bar squishing his `` little boy parts '' . The Snug-tub gets rid of that problem ! He sits up well in it and the cushions protect him from the hard surfaces of the tub . He is free to play with his toys and explore in a safe environment -LRB- with Mom by his side at all times , of course -RRB- ! It is worth every penny !!
 After reading various reviews of this tub , I can agree with most . It is the best way to naturally bathe your child . No special seats or other devices . Only noticed one defect . After owning two , these are things to consider :1 -RRB- CHILD MUST BE ABLE TO SIT UP . Make sure your child can sit up effectively . Even if your child is big for its age , this tub is really suited for 7 months and up .2 -RRB- WALL SEAMS ARE STURDY , FLOOR SEAMS ARE NOT . Within a short period of time , the floor seams on the ones that I have erupted . On the two that I own , they both began to leak in the second floor column toward the rear . Since this is on the seam it is almost impossible to fix .3 -RRB- INCLUDED PATCHING MATERIAL IS INEFFECTIVE . If by chance you have a rip , your best bet is to use duct tape and a little epoxy . The included patching does not do the job . It comes off very easy .4 -RRB- DRAIN TAKES GETTING USED TO . Drain can be awkward at times and will not fully drain all of the water out of the tub . Once you have used it a few times , you are able to work around the issues and dump the water out by flipping the tub over . After getting used to it , you 'll become a pro .5 -RRB- USE A HAND OR LOW PRESSURE PUMP TO INFLATE . Please do not think you can blow this tub up with your mouth . Even someone with terrific lungs would get dizzy after trying this . I personnally used the tubing from my child 's nebulizer and it inflated within 7 minutes .6 -RRB- CAN BE SLIPPERY AT FIRST , BUT CHILD EVENUALLY GETS USED TO IT . My daughter gets so excited about taking a bath that she sometimes stands up . The first couple of times she did this , I held her but she would manage to slip a bit . Over a period of time , and after slipping a few times , my daughter has developed the necessary balance to stand .
 We bought the Snug-Tub when our daughter was 7 months old and are still using it . She is now 19 months old and there is still plenty of room for her . The padded sides make her -LRB- and us ! -RRB- feel very secure and rinsing her hair is much easier using the headrest . The tub has stayed inflated from the first time we used it - we have n't ever had to blow it up again . The attached suction cup makes it secure when in use and when you are finished , you just hang it up to dry . We have n't had any problems with mold/mildew as it dries very quickly .
 We are adopting and will be travelling to pick up our baby . We bought this product to bathe our newborn in since we will be away from home for several weeks . As far as people saying it 's slippery , we bought one of those really small nonskid pads and put it in the bottom . The one that we got is a soft foam and that will take care of the sliding . You can find them in the bathroom/kitchen area of your local store . It 's great for travel and easy to store . Hope this helps .
 I purchased this tub for my 5 month old daughter and LOVE it ! This is the perfect transition from infant tub to full-size tub . I would highly recommend the Snug-Tub over any bath seat . It is so much easier to clean baby 's bottom in the Snug-Tub than in a bath seat . Rinsing hair is a breeze and there is plenty of room to grow !
 We tried the swivel seats . I never felt like I got my child clean , nor did he appreciate being shoved into something so hard . My son LOVED this tub ! He liked the idea of being in the `` grown-up '' tub but was snuggled in his own tub . The bottom blows up and provides cushioned comfort . The sides are poofy enough and squishy enough to have fun in , without damaging body parts on the hard tub . It 's quite portable too , and great for travelling . I would say that blowing it up every bathtime would not be fun , however.We used this until our son was 30 months . He enjoyed lying on his stomach and sticking his legs and arms over the edges . It was extremely easy to clean -LRB- just wipe down with a cleaning cloth -RRB- , and the vinyl is quite thick and textured -LRB- to help prevent slippage -RRB- . We 'd tip the tub upright to completely dry it out.We had to purchase 2 of these because a seam blew out on the first one after 2 months . The second one lasted much longer . The best feature is the water savings -- it takes much less to fill it than the regular tub .
 Good little tub . Fits just fine in our American Standard regular tub . Little man sometimes pulls the drain plug , so make sure that it is pushed all the way down . The tub is slightly wedge shaped , to help `` lock it in '' to your tub . We have been using it for 5 months with no problems , little man is now 1 year .
 My son is approaching 40 lbs , and while he does fit into the tub easily , he is pretty rough . As a result , the last two of these tubs I ordered lasted about a week before they started leaking air . When he was smaller , and less rough , the tub lasted several months of daily use . A great product for small kids .
 We 've had this tub for a little over a month , bought it when my daughter was about 9.5 months . She had finally gotten too big for the infant tub & could n't really move around comfortably . I had the yellow ducky tub for my twin boys when they were younger , I loved that one as well , but it was a little harder to store because of the duck head . This tub was easy to inflate , easy to drain , and has a suction cup that you can use to hang on the tub wall to dry . No complaints here ! It has plenty of room for here to play , she does n't slide around in it too easily , and if she loses her balance while she 's splashing & being silly , this tub provides a `` cushion '' around her so she does n't hit her head on the big tub . Excellent purchase -LRB- although I do think it 's a little over priced . -RRB-
 My son outgrew his infant tub so I tried to bath him in a regular tub - was n't having it ! So I needed something fast that could act as a transition tub . This fit the bill . I would recommend buying a hand pump to fill it -LRB- just be very careful -RRB- . I tried to blow it myself and nearly passed out ! I used the pump from my exercise ball and it was inflated and ready to go in minutes . Just place the plug in the hole and fill ! I am not sure why people have complained about it being slipper - my son stands up just fan when I have to wash his bottom . He loves it ! My only complaint is that the bottom leaves ... um ... rear end stains so make sure you keep it clean or at least pre-clean your babies bottom before putting them in . I always do so I do n't know how it stains but it does !
 Purchased this tub for my 8 month old . This tub is great for little ones ! Minimal water needed , padded on bottom -LRB- which was surprising , as I was expecting a flat sheet of plastic on the bottom -RRB- , drains well . My son loves bathing in it . He has on occasion thrown himself backwards in it , but no worries here . The sides are well padded and the bottom is also padded , so no injuries . Just keep in mind you do not have to fill it all the way up to give a good bath . If you fill it too deep and your child throws themselves backwards or slips , then they would go under the water . Just use common sense when using the product . Overall , VERY pleased with this purchase !
 I had the bath chair for my 6 month old and every time she would reach for a toy , the chair would tip over and she would go face first into the water . So after lots and lots of researching and reading reviews , I settled on this tub . I am so glad that I bought it for her . She loves it ! On occasion she will lift her legs and the water will make her body float backwards , but the side always catches her head . Not once has she fallen into the water.We do n't deflate it . After reading reviews it seems to be that the deflating it and reflating it over and over is what caused the seems to become weak and leak . So we leave it inflated and just tip it upside down to dry.I wish I had this bath for my other 2 kids when they were babies !
 Snug Tub is great tub . It fits very well in a standard bath tub . Easy to clean out and I love the hang up feature so that it can dry out . The only down side is emptying the water . The water plug is on the bottom and the weight of the tub with the water in it prevents easy drainage of the water . I literally had to lift that end of the tub up so that the water can drain .
 We were in that in between stage for the bath . My son was way to big for the baby tub . But at nine months to small for the real thing . I did not need a tub that had slots for the shampoo because then my Son spends all of his time trying to play with the shampoo . This works great . Soft , blows up easily , roomy but not too roomy . This is a good product .
 I had bought the safety 1st inflatable tub first and that lasted for quite a while before it started to leak . It probably would 've last longer if my little girl didnt play with it too much . Outside of bath time , she treated it as a play boat and pushed it around the house . = DCompared to the safety 1st inflatable tub - Length is slightly longer and it 's also slightly shorter so the body is not covered by water as much . My 1.5 year old loves both . On this one , she can lie down and rest her head when I shampoo and rinse her hair and she really enjoys that . Not sure how long this one will last.Love the suction cup feature . Once you 're done , just stick it onto the bathroom wall and is a huge space-saver . The safety first has a hole -LRB- to hang -RRB- instead of the suction cup . Like the suction cup better.It is a bit more slippery . Do n't let your toddler stand by him/herself .
 I received this tub as a shower gift and used it for my daughter from when she was about 6 months old until she was 3 . -LRB- when it finally sprung a slow leak -RRB- It was the best thing we used for our child and I love to give it as a shower gift .
 This is perfect for my 15 month baby whose 32 inches long , 26 lbs. , it 's well made and not slippery at all , easy to clean and the suction cup hold the tub really well . Great purchase .
 I 'll get right to it ... easy to inflate ... baby loves it ... highly recommended = -RRB-
 Got my snug-tub today . Ordered on Fri. and it came on Mon. . Blew it up and used it right off . My 18 mo. old grandson loved it . He splashed around and kicked in it . He was scared to death of the big tub , even with the baby support seat . He screamed when I put him in it . This tub he took right to it and cried when I took him out . He liked the colorful fish and soft sides and being able to move around . Like that it has suction cup to hang to dry . Good deal .
 I used this tub everyday and it was so handy ... saved water and my daughter was protected because the sides are soft .
 The inflatable snug tub is great - exactly what we needed for our 6 month old . She loves it ! It gives enough support for her to lean on if she needs it . It fits great into our guest bathroom bath - we keep it inflated and hang it up to dry between baths . The bottom is a little slick but putting a towel or washcloth under her bottom solved that problem . We havnt had any problems with the material it seems like sturdy plastic . Would definitely recommend this product !
 I saw a few bad reviews before we bought this , but there were enough good ones to take a chance . It has paid off . Six months of constant use with no problems whatsoever . No leaks , no issues except for the valve I ca n't push in . I was afraid that would be a problem , but it sticks out of the bottom and is unnoticed by me and the baby.Baby got used to it after one `` what the ... ?! '' bath . It was nice to get away from the sink at bath time . -LRB- I 'm sure I 'll look back at those old pictures and miss those days , but for now we 're enjoying the tub scene . -RRB- Baby was less than a year old when we started using it . She 's 17 months old now , is big for her age and it will still be a while before she outgrows this tub.We keep it inflated so I do n't have to hyperventilate blowing it up for each bath . It has stayed inflated all this time . -LRB- I added a few puffs of air one time and that was after about 4 months of use . -RRB- It has a suction cup on a outer flap , so I dump the water and stick it to the shower wall to dry . That may be why we have no leaks , but I obviously ca n't confirm that.Based on our experience , I recommend the product .
 My daughter had the munchkin duck tub for awhile until it broke . Well ... she is almost two and I was thinking of getting another one or bath mats . Our tub is very slippery . So I found this one and the age limit was past 2years old so I thought I would try it out . I really think it is a good transition to the tub . It is not real deep and she has lots of room but it still makes her feel safe and secure .
 I ordered this for my seven month old since we currently only have a stand up shower . It fits properly in the bottom of it . She does great in it and there 's lots of room for her to grow . And even though it 's pretty small for her , my 3 year old likes taking baths in it too .
 Holds air really good , easy to blow up , fits a 2 year old . Bought it for travel and use it at home because we like it so much . Easy to pack in a suitcase , does n't take up much space . If you want the water to drain ... dump the water out ! It has a plug but turning it over is easy .
 We bought this to make bathing a bit more simple and that is what this does . Now bathing is easier , less time consuming and feels a bit more comfy for the baby .
 My child is nearly one year old and enjoys this bath very much . the colors are bright and keeps my child engaged . She never gets bored at aback time . In fact , she attempts to follow me into the bathroom every time I head that way ! Its easy to fill , easy to drain , drys well and stores well , for us , behind the door . I only wish it had a temperature gauge attached to it , but i just purchased one separate . I would recommend this product to anyone with a child who is old enough for it .
 My daughter outgrew her infant tub before she could sit up confidently . This product gave me piece of mind that she would be cushioned and protected in our large and hard bathtub . She adores her snug tub and will use it as long as she fits in it .
 We had the Fisher Price whale tub for my baby , and as she started to get bigger and we removed the middle ledge in the tub she 'd often slide down towards the water . Also , splashing got to be a bit messy on the counter top . I purchased this , and have used it for a few months - it 's perfect ! I 've had to add some air to it once , but other than that I just rinse it out after each use . My 9 month old does not slip around in it at all . She likes to either lean back or sit in the middle and play . I wish we had started using it earlier . It 's so nice not to have to fill up a whole bathtub with water , just for a tiny baby , too .
 Our son had just outgrown his baby tub and when we tried to do a bath in the regular tub -LRB- he was sitting up well -RRB- , it only took a couple of baths before he injured himself on the hard bathtub , so we needed an intermediate tub to keep him safe . This tub did it for us . My son likes to sit and play in the tub and will also lay back/recline while we wash his hair or when he feels like it . He is 12 months old and tall now , and can still stretch out in it -LRB- although his feet are easily touching the end at this point -RRB- . We are buying another because after six months of regular kicking , our current tub has sprung a leak -- but if you saw how hard our son kicks on this tub , you 'd be shocked that it had n't happened sooner . The lack of five stars is because it is difficult to fill -- if there were a groove at the front of the tub , it would be so much easier ; as it is , we have to lift it below our faucet and basically flatten the inflated material so the water runs into the tub . Everything about it works great , though !
 My mother bought this tub for my son as a transition from his plastic infant tub , and we have thoroughly enjoyed it . I 'm very frugal and absolutely hate the idea of filling up the whole tub with water for my little guy 's bath every night . This tub is a wonderful solution . He was a little nervous when we first began using it , but it only took a few days for him to love it . He is now nearly 21 months old -LRB- of average height and weight -RRB- , and there is still room to spare in the tub . We 'll use it as long as we can . It 's also great for travel , especially by car , because you can keep it inflated and pack things inside it . Or if you 're flying , it 's easy to deflate and pack in your bag , and quick to inflate by mouth . By the way , we 're on our second one , as the first split at the seam . That 's why I did n't give it five stars .
 When our son outgrew the infant bath we had for him , I got one of these . He started to enjoy bath time a lot more sometime after that.As far as inflation goes , as someone who 's helped inflate a queen-size air mattress by mouth , I can say that this was n't too bad . It took a few minutes , but once it was done , that was it until it had to be packed for a trip or for moving.We made one trip while he was using it , and took it with us . It made bath time at the hotel a * lot * easier than it would have been otherwise . It also eased the transition into a new bathroom in a new house when we moved.Our son was n't inclined to let us use the feature that makes hair-washing easier , so I ca n't comment on the effectiveness of that , but other than that , we got full use out of this tub until he grew just so big that there was n't enough room for him in it . The suction cup for hanging it on the wall between baths is great -LRB- and also very helpful when we have guests sharing the bathroom with him -RRB- . Draining the tub can be a little tricky , but eventually there 's enough water out to be able to dump it over easily and then hang it up until the next bathtime.This is an excellent tub for when the infant tub is outgrown but the bathtub is still much too large .
 When I had my firstborn lil girl , I was given 3 different types of baby tubs ... . The plastic ones pale in comparison with this one ! It 's soft enough to keep baby safe from bumps/bruises . When my girl was still too small to sit up on her own , I just used one of those foam bath tub thingies to assist in keeping her above the water level ;-RRB- Now that she can sit up she loves to hang on to the sides & splash around ... I feel secure with this tub b/c if she slips backwards it 's cushioned on the bottom to keep her lil noggin from hurting ; -RRB-
 This has made bath time much easier and fun for me and my 8 month old . The suciton cup for hanging is ideal and the product is fantasic . My only `` complaint '' is that the plastic is a little slippery and it would be nice if it had grippers so baby does n't slide so much - easily fixed , however , by placing the infant sponge tub we used to use inside of the bigger SnugTub .
 Both my daughter and I love this tub . I started using it with her when she was about 6 months old -LRB- when she was able to sit up well -RRB- . It is comfy for her and she loves playing with her tub toys in this mini size tub . It is very easy to give her a bath in it . I like it 100 % better than the swivel chair that is out on the market . It is also great to lean the baby back a bit to wash and rinse their hair . It 's a great transition tub . It is a definate must have ...
 I purchased this tub when my son was able to sit up , but I had to wait a little longer to use it . He is now 8 months old and this tub is a blessing . He would stay in the bath and play for ever if I would let him . I do n't have to worry so much about him hitting his head .
 We love this tub . My son if fairly active in the tub and when he stands and sits during bath time he has plenty of cushion for his behind . We had purchased a bath seat before he could sit unsupported and after one use discovered how easily they tip over so we got rid of it . Our 10mo . old son loves this tub and it 's small enough as not to overwhelm him but still has plenty of room for his tub toys . It 's great for travel too which is important for safety in the hotel and relative 's tubs .
 This is a wonderful product . This inflatable tub makes it easy to bathe that baby who has gotten too big for the plastic tubs yet is too small for the adult tub . It is better than any bathing seat ring too . With the seat ring you can not really wash a babies bottom . This tub is great for bathing your baby and it is easy to use and store . I highly recommend it . My daughter used it till she was 2 years old and I plan to use it with our second daughter very soon .
 This is by far the best tub to get when your baby no longer fits in an infant tub . I bought 4 tubs before trying this one . My daughter LOVED it from the minute she sat in it . She loves the printed designs , the feel of the tub , and she can move all she wants without bumping herself on a hard plastic tub . It 's safe and easy to use . It stores right in your shower by a suction cup ! No more bulky tubs hanging around ! It 's great . I would recommend this tub to anyone ... and I now have a great shower gift idea as well .
 We ordered this tub six months ago for my then 6 month old daughter . I have loved using it , but mine seems to have several slow leaks and I am just about to order another one . Right now I have to blow mine up before each use . Also , I never use the drain plug because it is too hard to manipulate it . We just dump the water over the side.I really have enjoyed the tub ... I like how it uses less water than the big tub ... it takes no time at all to fill the Snug Tub . I like the soft sides that keep her from bumping her head , and I like the suction cup that allows you to hang the tub up when you are finished.I recommend this for babies who are able to sit up well on their own .
 We bought this tub in 1997 when our first daughter was only six weeks old and used it on the bathroom counter -LRB- between the sinks -RRB- to lower her into shallow water and bathe her . When she was able to sit up on her own , we started using it in the regular tub . I ca n't say enough good things about this product . It 's easy , convenient and environmentally conscious in that it uses a LOT less water than a regular bath . We actually bought a second , and used it for travel . Now we 're expecting again and just ordered a new Snug Tub .
 I just transitioned my 22 pound 1 year old to this tub from one of those hard plastic things that kept him in one position . He loves this tub and so do I. He 's got plenty of room to move around without getting into trouble , and has room for plenty of toys , too . I have to soak him once or twice a day for his eczema and this tubs accommodates that extremely well . I can completely cover him with water up to his midsection with no problems . It fits in my bathtub pretty well . I have to squish it just a little bit , but it 's no big deal . He loved taking a bath before , but now he loves it even more . I also love that this deflates for travelling , which we 'll be doing in the next few weeks . Not having to worry about how I 'll bath him on vacation is a great thing . He 'll feel right at home . And if this tub springs a leak anytime within the next few months , I will definitely replace it with the same tub . It 's worth it to me .
 We love this tub . It lets my daughter play in the tub without me having to hang on to her . Before we got this , she was likely to slip and seemed to feel unsecure in the big tub . Now she plays and seems comfortable . I like that it saves water also . It took some air to blow up but we leave it blown up and hang it on the wall of the tub when we are not using it . Definitely worth the money , it solved all our problems .
 I bought this tube for a trip I took to Fla. with 3 Toddlers it was worth the money . I loved the fact that i could put in in my suitcase . It did not take up much room where we were staying and now i plan on using it with my 4th child . If it had grips to keep the baby from slideing it would be perfect . I would recomend this for anyone who travels or just wants to give a older baby a comfy place to take a bath .
 My baby absolutely loves this tub ! The soft sides are great for babies just learning to splash and is surprisingly very sturdy . I bought it so my son -LRB- who just learned to sit up on his own -RRB- would not feel confined in one of those little chair-like things and I could not be happier with the purchase . I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a tub for their growing baby .
 At 4 months of age our active daughter was to big for the infant tub and not ready for our big cast iron tub either . A friend told us about the Snug Tub and it was one of the best items we have bought for our daugher . She used it for 5 months and we felt very safe and secure with her in it . Then we used it outside as a small pool for her to play in .
 Thank god a manufacturer is using there head . This tub is awesome . It fits in the tub great . It gave my child a much more comfortable bath experience than that nasty Swivel Bath Seat . If your child is too small to sit in this seat front to back , rest assured they will fit side to side and still be comfortable . The seating surface gets blown up as well so the child is not sitting on a hard surface . If you need a transition tub , this is the one .
 It 's wonderful for saving water if you 're on a well , and it made it wonderfully easy to get at my daughter to wash her without wrestling with a baby seat .
 I just got this thing yesterday and used it today . Because of a review I read here I also got a foam insert . I ended up putting the insert halfway into the tub and leaning my son 's head against the molded headrest and his behind against the insert and WOW!IT WAS SO EASY !!!! In the infant tub he was always listing sideways -LRB- he 's 3.5 months old right now , technically too young for the snug-tub and he ca n't sit up by himself yet though he 's great with support -RRB- and thanks to the contoured headrest in the snug-tub he did GREAT . He also had more water around him so he was n't cold while I washed him like he was in his infant tub.He sat there and would not stop smiling at me ! And my back did n't hurt from holding him constantly with both arms AND washing him at the same time , though I had to lean over the bathtub!I 've decided to recommend this thing to EVERYONE I know who is having a baby !
 I purchased this tub while I was visiting relatives for the holidays . We had the big bulky plastic tub at home and I did n't want to bring it . Unfortunatley , my 11 month old daughter was n't yet ready for the `` Big Tub '' and we ran into a crisis . I was torn on what to get . There are so many tubs out there . We bought this one because it can deflate . I knew we could carry it back home with us when we went . It turned out to be wonderfull !! She 's not scared . It 's cushioned for comfort . It even has a high back so you can lean them back and rinse their hair . It is just too easy . I came home and threw the other one away .
 We bought this tub for our son when he was 9 months old . He is now 14 months old and LOVES it ! It is so easy to use and we really like that you can store it on your shower wall when not in use . The high sides are an added safety feature as it discourages our son from reaching the edge of the regular tub and start climbing . The price is great , so much so that we bought one for each set of grandparents so that he can have his regular bathtub when we visit them . It does take a good set of lungs to inflate but once it is full of air it stays that way . We have been extremely pleased with this tub !
 I purchased this inflatable tub for my son because I wanted to have a portable tub for when I went traveling with him . This tub is great , I even use it at home . I started using this tub when my son was 6 months , he is now 9 months old . Now that he sits up on his own , it 's a lot easier to bathe him . I like using this tub better than an infant bath seat because I can wash him more thoroughly , all around instead of having his legs fastened in a tub seat . If you travel , it 's a great idea to get an inflatable tub , it 's portable , and quite sturdy .
 We found this item while on vacation and did not want to place our son in the hotel bathtub ! It turned out to be one of the best purchases we 've made ! I do n't think I 'd use it for a small infant , but if your child is stable and can sit up on their own , it 's the perfect solution when the child is too large for the traditional `` infant '' tub and not yet ready for the family bathtub . It saves a huge amount of water as well . Our son played in the tub for so long because he felt secure and all his toys stayed within his reach ! When you 're finished bathing your child , you just hang this tub up to dry out completely and it 's ready for next time.Our son was able to use this tub for a very long time . I 'd recommend it to anyone with an older child .
 I ordered this snug-tub from BabiesRUs and just got it today and I used for the first time and I Love it ! My 7 month old son had out grown his infant tub and I need to get him something else and I really did n't want to get him one of those swivel seats so I got him this . I would highly recommed this for babies who can sit up well on their own . It 's so much fun ! My son enjoyed playing with his little bath toys and splashing around in it . You can also lean your baby back and rise the shampoo out of the baby 's hair . It 's so easy to use , comfortable for babies , and cheep !
 We started off with a plastic tub for our son until he was about 1 month and a half old . This tub fit in the kitchen sink , had a foam base and was angled like a car seat . He cried about 80 % of the times we gave him a bath.A friend recommended this inflatable tub , so we bought it and he absolutely loves it . He 's completely relaxed from the time he gets into the water , and usually for a while even after he gets out.We fill the tub half full , so we have to be careful and support his head while his body floats , but it 's pretty easy because he 's so relaxed . One hand supports his head and neck while the other hand washes him . It 's actually easier to wash his back this way since we do n't have to flip him around , like we did with the previous tub.Some people might prefer the tubs that fit in the kitchen sink , since you can wash the baby while standing and do n't have to squat.But for us , a calm and relaxed baby versus a crying and thrashing baby made all the difference in the world .
 My 7 month old still hates baths , but I 've found this bathtub makes bathing her a lot easier . We previously had a tub that reclined , and it seemed like part of the reason she hated bath time , was that she felt very insecure in the tub.This tub helps me hold her in a more upright position , and hopefully help her feel like she 's not falling backward . It fits in our bathtub well , and I 've found that it does n't slip around . Hopefully in time , she will like bath time !
 I bought this tub for my 7 month old daughter , who out grew her infant tub . It is very nice . It has just enough room for her to play with her toys , but still small enough to be safe . It blows up just like a pool -LRB- very easily -RRB- . I also use this at my mother 's home , where she has a tubless showers , and it works extremely well !! I suggust buying tub grips when you get it.Overall , excellent . : -RRB-
 What a great tub ! I was getting so frustrated with those plastic tubs ... they were so hard and uncomfortable for my baby . A friend told me about this tub , and as soon as my daughter could sit up on her own , I bought it ! She has so much fun in it , and I 'm not as stressed out during bath time ! The fact that it is inflatable is so nice , because one time she teetered over a little and did not get hurt because of the nice , soft sides ! It is also so easy to clean and store as well -LRB- it has a suction cup on it so it attaches very nicely to the back wall of the shower -RRB- . I also like that the bottom is n't too slippery .
 I just got this tub a week ago and me and my 7 month old twin boys LOVE it !! I have been trying for a month to figure out how to bathe my babies together so they can play in the water together . I have a swivel seat and a regular seat but they tip over if the boys get too enthusiastic -LRB- they love the bath ! -RRB- . So I was still bathing them one-at-a-time in the basin kitchen sink until I got this tub . They can sit side-by-side or face each other and have a BLAST while I do n't have to worry about them hitting their heads if they slip . I have heard mixed reviews about this tub , but for twins who can sit up , it is PERFECT . Plus when they outgrow it , we can put it in the backyard for them to play with in hot weather !
 We used the infant bath tub initially but by the time my daughter turned 2 months we started using this inflatable tub . I put it in the tub and though my daughter does n't sit up yet , she has plenty of room to move her legs and arms while I hold her . Yes , it is more strenuous for my back but it 's good fun and exercise for my baby . Also , we do n't have much room in my bathroom so we put up two extension rods -LRB- like those you use to hang a shower curtain -RRB- above the tub and store it on them . This keeps it out of the way though the tub does have a suction cup which works.I ca n't wait till my baby sits up - I envision putting the Snug Tub out on the porch for her to play in . O , by the way , I have n't reinflated it once since I bought it -LRB- about 2 months ago or so -RRB- - yes , some of the air escaped , as with all inflatables , but it 's still sturdy enough . I also sometimes put a blanket in it and let my daughter ` sit ' in it and play with her toys . I find it very versatile .
 Bought this for my baby granddaughter 's recent visit . My daughter is so happy with it that she wants to take it home with her ! Nice size . Soft for baby.Has a large suction cup to hang it from the shower wall when not in use and has a drain hole at opposite end so drains and dries nicely
 The tub worked well for bathing my 13 month old . The baby tub was too small and she is not ready for the large tub . I like that it has a suction cup on the back to hang it up in the bathroom . It is a good product with a cheap price .
 My 16 month old loves taking baths in this tub . It has eased her transition from the infant tub . It 's very easy to use and clean.My only issue is that it does n't fit all that well in my small bathtub , but I can still kind of jam it in without risk of damaging it.I love that I can fill it up and not waste water .
 This tub is great . It fits nicely in our standard tub . We had another brand tub and it was too snug , but this one fits perfect . My son refuses to take a bath unless he 's in this tub .
 This is a great tub for the price . My 9-month old daughter uses it easily and it is much bigger than the munchkin ducky tub that we had previously . I do not think that it is slippery like some of the others have noted . For a baby who can easily sit on her own , the surface is just right .
 We have a house with no bathtubs ! The previous owner was disabled and installed easy access showers throughout the house . They 're nice ... until you have to give a toddler a bath ! After reading reviews on similar products , and using an inflatable duck tub for months that was given to us , we bought this one . The duck tub was way too small for our almost 2-year-old . This was the biggest inflatable tub we could find , and so far it 's doing the trick . Our daughter loves taking baths in it . She especially likes the headrest . She 'll actually lay back and let me wash her hair without a fuss ! I know she 'll eventually outgrow this as well , but hopefully she 'll be more ready to learn to take showers by then . Oh - she really likes the fishes on the tub as well .
 When my daughter outgrew her infant tub , we went through a few different devices to try to give her a safe bath . She is VERY active so she does n't like to sit for very long . We first tried the bath ring , that was a disaster . This snug tub has worked wonderfully . She is able to stand in it and splash around without us worrying about her breaking her head if she slips . It 's very safe and fits snugly in our shower . I highly recommend this tub , especially if you have toddler who wo n't sit through baths !
 I love this tub !! That said , yesterday the floor seam separated from the walls , but only after 3-4 months of use . Even still , this tub was perfect for my son . He is 30 inches tall and 30 pounds , but he is only 10 mos . old . He is , obviously , too big for a classic infant tub , but it seems like a waste to fill the regular bathtub for a bath that only lasts 10 min . The SnugTub has been a perfect solution . Despite my son 's long legs , he fits easily in the tub and has lots of room to splash and even turn around . Despite the tears , I have been very , very pleased with this purchase and will probably buy another .
 I bought this tub because I was looking for something light , soft and with a drain plug -LRB- so I would not have to lift my baby to rinse her -RRB- . It works great , it is very safe , it drains very well and dries fast . My baby can rest on the sides without touching the wall or anything . I am very happy with my purchase . a last thing , at the beginning the plastic has a strong smell but this goes away after 30 min once inflated.Definitely a `` back saver '' and `` worry saver '' !
 I was looking for a product similar to the dry disposable wipes that were available for use in the hospital when I delivered my son ; those were firm but VERY soft , and you had to wet them yourself with water . This product is very simiar to that -LRB- just a tad smaller than what we had in the hospital -RRB- . I like the size of these though , as they 're smaller in size than what we had in the hospital ; the hospital 's size seemed wasteful . My only complaint is that there are only 24 of these to a box , and I do n't see that a larger size is offered . So for them to market these for use with infants -LRB- as shown on the box , besides its name -RRB- , it 's incredulous to only offer 24 in a box . -LRB- For instance , my infant son goes through sometimes 12 diapers a day ! -RRB- Thus , this is an expensive product for what it is .
 After bringing my daughter home from the hospital I discover her skin was to sensitive to use baby wipes . Thank goodness for PeeWees - Disposable Dry Washcloths . I use them instead of baby wipes and my daughter 's bottom have yet to turn red or received a rash . A also use them to wash her face because PeeWees Washcloths are softer than regular washcloths . They 're bigger too ! The only downfall to this product is there are only 24 in a box . Which means baby wipes are a lot cheater .
 If you need dry wipes for cleaning a baby , then these are the best quality I 've found . The Medline are good bang for the buck dry , but when you wet them they are too rough ; probably too tightly woven even though smooth on the surface when dry . Would give PeeWees 5 stars if it were n't for the price . Also wish these dry wipes came with dispensers . Does n't anyone make dry baby wipes that come in dispensers just like wet wipes ? It would seem like an obvious product to make , but I have n't come across any yet .
 We love using these to bathe our two month old son but they 're really expensive !!! We found something similar at Babies R Us -LRB- store brand -RRB- and they were about $ 3 per box . They 're not as soft as these , but they 're still soft and work great . Unfortunately we will not be buying again unless the price comes down . Awesome product , though .
 Got these when my newborn began developing a pretty nasty diaper rash , despite frequent changes and use of ointments . Figured the rash was due to premoistened baby wipes . Started using these along with chamomile tea as a wash , and the rash disappeared in less then 24 hours . These things are great . They are soft and also hold up well . Definitely worth it if ur little one has a sensitive tush .
 I am on my thrid child and we always use destin when they have a diaper rash . It 's fast relief , and clears up rashes quickly . It wipes aways clean without cause the baby to cry . the only diaper rash onitment I will use .
 On occasion my son 's skin will break out in a rash and nothing -LRB- and I have tried everything -RRB- will clear it up . This stuff does the job overnight . It is a bit messy but well worth it !
 The product that buys and seems that uy is good , was a gift for my wife and until now it to liked much and quality of the product is good , of envio also was good thanks .
 I love Desitin . I have used both the regular and the creamy . I find the creamy easier to work with with a squirmy little infant , but it is wonderful . She got diaper rash shortly after I brought her home from the hospital -LRB- she had a reaction to a brand of wipes -RRB- I used the Desitin and it cleared right up in less than a day . I use it now to prevent diaper rash . She has yet to have another rash .
 I am expecting my first child in July , but I have spent enough time around babies with severe rashes going on to know how quickly Desitin soothes and heals . I will have Desitin handy when the baby comes home with us !
 We have the whole Jungle Babies collection , the mobile keeps my sons attention locked in on the cute little animals that match the collection perfectly . The music does last only a couple minuets before needing to be wound again . The music is cute and enjoyable . Great construction and durable have had for 3 years now , currently being used by my second son .
 Like most of the other reviews . . I too like this product . I have NO COMPLAINTS ... I would like to say , with any child eating this too will make a mess . If you give your child anything in the car , your car will be a mess . I read one review and wanted to just say ... THE PAPER IS SUGGESTIONS ... they say it 's no mess duh to get you to buy it.The point of this product is to free up your hands from saving a choking baby . My son like many others broke off the bitter biscuits into his mouth and I had to fish them out . Now he has gone from those to peaches to lasagna noodles to even meat in this thing . It 's great for those babies who do n't want to eat baby food anymore . My son is just 8 months and has been using it since 61/2 months ... it 's great . I love that he too can eat with us at dinner by himself . . he loves this so much that he saw it in the drain rack and pulled it himself to eat ... I do n't have a dishwasher and have n't complained once about cleaning it . . thanks for a great product .
 This was one of the best baby products ever invented . It is so easy to use and my baby loves it . It was great to use when she is teething , I just freeze fruit -LRB- usually melon -RRB- and then she will just suck on it forever and it really seems to sooth her discomfort . And it is also good for busy moms like myself because you do n't have to worry about pealing grapes or cutting the food up so your child does n't choke , you just throw it all in the netting and you 're set . It 's also a very good way to get your children introduced to fruit and veggies at a very young age and start them on their way to healthy eating patterns . We take it everywhere we go and so many waiters and waitresses ask us what it is and when we tell them they are amazed , and wish they had it for their children . But overall I think this was a great invention
 We bought this for our son who just turned 6 months old . I have never seen a baby who wanted what everyone else was eating and had little interest in baby food . This is just the perfect thing for him because he can eat what we 're eating and we do n't have to worry about him choking and he can feed himself with it . It also teaches him to chew rather than just chomping off big chunks of food . I also love to fill it with ice or other frozen fruits/veggies and it soothes his sore gums . This is by far my most favorite baby product ! I ca n't say enough about it !!!
 My twins will be 7 months old in a few days , and just LOVED to eat REAL food , not baby jarred food.One of my sons was teething on a baby biscuit , when a whole chunk fell into his mouth , and he nearly chocked -LRB- although I was RIGHT there , it was hard to get it out ! -RRB- . I immediately went online and searched for a baby item that would solve this problem for the boys ... Low and behold the Baby Safe Feeder ... *** We purchased two safe feeders , with extra bags ... I highly recommend this since the bags are n't so easily found *** I place teething biscuits , steamed carrots , bananas , peaches , grapes , and loads of other fruits and vegetables -LRB- frozen or not -RRB- in these things for the boys . I know that my boys LOVE ice cubes , well the sharp pices always worried me , and now I can freeze many of my own fruit juices -LRB- whether its store bought or freshly made ! -RRB- and place them in here too ! The boys even enjoy eating what the family is eating , like chicken , potatoes , stake ect ... I also dont have to hand feed them , we just watch them eat while we are eating ! No more peeling , or excess chopping -LRB- even if I blended the fresh food into my own baby food , the boys STILL wouldnt touch it -RRB- . I simply place the small pieces into the mesh bag , and screw on the bottom . There 's no way a young child could open this thing , and I cant see the tough mesh EVER ripping ... The food stays in , except little `` mushy '' parts that seep through the mesh , making it also great for feeding ! The handle is large enough to fit chubby hands through it , and also a great teether as well.Washing the safe feeder is tricky , but here are a few tips -LRB- 1 -RRB- Once baby is finished , dump out all the larger chunks into the garbage , dont worry about scrubbing yet -LRB- 2 -RRB- Then inside out the mesh bag -LRB- 3 -RRB- After you inside out it , run water through what would be the inside , so the food that 's stuck on the inside is facing the outside . -LRB- 4 -RRB- After most of the foods gone , you can scrub it with dish soap , a washcloth , and/or a small child 's toothbrush -LRB- 5 -RRB- On occasions dunk the mesh inside warm water mixed with oxy clean , and leave it in for 10 minutes -LRB- got this idea from another reviewer ! -RRB- it makes it white , so you can give the mesh a longer life ! -LRB- 6 -RRB- Than you have to clean the green ring/white handle . The handle is easy to wipe up , but for the ring I reccomend using either -LRB- 1 -RRB- a nipple brush -LRB- 2 -RRB- one of those water brushes for your teeth if you have one or -LRB- 3 -RRB- a skinny object like a baby fork to get the gunk out -LRB- BANNANAS are extremely difficult to do ! -RRB- -LRB- 7 -RRB- Finally after step -LRB- 5 -RRB- or step -LRB- 6 -RRB- place the WHOLE teether into the dishwasher on the TOP RACK , preferably in one of those nipple baskets . ** The most time this has taken me would be a total of 40 minutes -LRB- remember , TWO feeders -RRB- but it usually only takes around 15 minutes to get both clean ... and it MUCH better than trying to clean baby bowls , and the crumbs out of chairs ... although food WILL leak out!As for weening a child off of the BSF , I think they will outgrow it eventually -LRB- my 2.5 year old would have NOTHING to do with it -RRB- and I am sure if your baby likes the feeder , when YOU think they are ready to eat it with out the feeders assistance , they will be ready to eat with out it too : -RRB- Your child will have the experience of fresh foods , and teething without you having the experience of peeling , and worrying about chocking ... a truly great product !
 This is my new gift that I will be giving at baby showers . We got this when my daughter was 11 months old , and I only wished I had gotten it sooner . I 'm so nervous about giving her anything that she can chew because she only has 4 teeth on her bottom gum . So many of the foods that are considered `` safe '' , are not . And even if they are , why take the risk of your baby choking?This is wonderful . We put everything in there from fresh fruits , teething biscuits , vegetables , meats , breads , etc. . It teaches her how to chew , supplements her baby foods , and is safe . I still watch her when she eats , but I no longer have to hover and hold my breath as she sucks on foods hoping that she wo n't choke . -LRB- or try to wrestle away a piece that is just too small for her to continue trying to eat . -RRB- It is great for being on the go , snack time , meal time , whatever . This is truly a must have !!!
 This has to be one of the best products on the market ! Now that my daughter is pregnant with my first grandchild , I have been doing a lot of shopping and research . My sister-in-law filled this with orange wedges and handed it to her then very fussy 8 month old and I could n't believe the instant peace . She swears by this product . It can be filled with just about anything . Cold products are great in here for teething babies , and it 's a great way to give infants fresh fruit without the risk of choking . I have to admit it can be messy , but what does n't get messy with babies ? My new grandbaby will deffinately have A Baby Safe Feeder !
 I really like this product , It is safe and simple . My 10month old really likes it . I like it because it keeps her busy and she is getting a great snack . The only thing is that the bags have seams that trap the fruit when you try to clean it . Just buy some refill bags 3-4 will do for a while . I think that for the price it 's great .
 My 7-month old loves this ! We give her cut up chunks of fruit , and she will sit in her high chair gnawing on this thing for 20-30 minutes . It 's so nice because we can eat our dinner , and she will sit at the table with us without demanding 100 % attention . It has been a long time since my husband and I have had a peaceful dinner!I have also stuck an ice cube in here when she had a tooth coming in , and it seemed to comfort her sore gums . One warning
 although i do n't have this specific feeder , i do have one by Sassy . the whole idea is great , and my 7 month old son loves it . we also looped a pacifier keeper around the handle so that when we go out to eat we do n't have to worry about it falling on the floor . i got the Sassy brand one at k-mart for $ 4 , it has a few bonus features such as the inside part of the handle -LRB- not the part you hold , but the part that is on the inside of the bag -RRB- is filled with water that keeps the food chilled if you want . Also a big bonus is that it comes with a cover so that you can cap it and put any unused portions away for later , and the mesh bag wo n't touch anything . it also has a safety feature , like on pill bottles -- that clicks so you know it is secure , and has 2 buttons to push on while turning that releases it . it 's a great invention whichever one you buy , i highly recommend the Sassy brand .
 When my 5-month-old started teething , my father-in-law tried to put crushed ice in a Zip-loc bag so she 'd have something to chomp on -LRB- she was n't a fan of chilled teethers -RRB- . We started using cold fruit to soothe her gums , but even without teeth she managed to break of chunks and I 'd have to pry open her mouth to fish out the pieces . This simple little plastic and mesh device has worked very well for us . At first we used to fill it with crushed ice , but then started putting fruits or veggies in -LRB- as mentioned on the packaging -RRB- and it works great for that as well . We even take it with us to restaurants so she can chew on pieces of fruit . I like that she can hold onto it herself and I do n't have to worry about her choking -LRB- there 's no way she could fit anything but the tip of the mesh in her mouth -RRB- . I have had such good luck with this product that I 'm already stocking up on them to give to girlfriends as shower gifts .
 This is a wonderful way to introduce your baby to `` table '' foods . The first day I bought this I put some melon in the feeder for my 8 month old daughter and she loved it . She 's been teething for months now -LRB- already has 8 teeth -RRB- , and this is a wonderful way to let her chew on healthy snacks . You can put fruits , veggies , biscuits and even cooked meat -LRB- though I have n't yet -RRB- in the feeder . It saves me a lot of worry about her choking on supposedly safe foods for infants . Anyway , I highly recommend this product -LRB- you will need extra bags -RRB- . My mother was so impressed with this feeder and how much my daughter enjoyed it , she went out and bought one for when my daughter visits Grandma and Grandpa .
 We 've been using the Baby Safe Feeder with the Gerber Graduates soft toddler foods . It 's great for even young babies who are just starting to eat `` solids . '' Our breastfed baby was hesitant to try anything new , but he took to this with immediate enthusiasm ! As the literature with it points out , it will help teach babies to chew food so they will be less likely to choke when they transition to eating finger foods directly -LRB- we 're not there yet but the claim makes sense to me after using it -RRB- . The size of the mesh bag is smaller than it appears to be in the picture on Amazon , but it holds plenty of food for our needs . Plan to buy a designated toothbrush for cleaning it , and pick up refill bags when you buy it too .
 The feeder , in my opinion is simply ingenius ! My baby eats everything from cut up apples to vegetable soup -LRB- I admit , that one 's messy -RRB- to a juicy piece of NY steak ! I love the fact that the baby can sit at the table and eat independently and I do n't have to worry about her choking . 5 stars !
 I absolutely LOVE this thing !!! My 9 month old loves it . I can give her all kinds of foods now . I was paranoid about giving her some foods because of the risk of choking , but with the feeder , I can give her anything ! I 've recommended it to all the moms in my playgroup .
 I ASKED MY HUSBAND TO BUY THIS FOR ME FOR OUR 7 MONTH OLD , AND HE OF COURSE SAID IT WAS A WASTE OF MONEY , BUT AS SOON AS HE SAW HOW SHE HELD IT AND WAS ABLE TO EAT AND SUCK AND JUST HANDLE IT , EVEN HE WAS AMAZED.I HIGHLY RECCOMEND THIS TO EVERYONE , IT CAN BE A LITTLE PRICEY , BUT YOU CA N'T PUT A PRICE ON YOUR BABYS ' LIFE . AND MY BABY LOVES IT , AND I AM SURE THAT YOURS WILL TOO . I AM GIVING IT OUT AS GIFTS TO ALL MY FIRENDS WITH BABIES . I CAN NOT SAY ENOUGH GREAT THINGS ABOUT THIS PRODUCT . I FEEL LIKE I CAN GIVE HER THINGS TO EAT AND NOT WORRY AS MUCH . I HOPE THIS HELPS YOU ALL . IT REALLY IS GREAT .
 My son was 36 weeks , had a poor suck at birth , nasal feeding tube w/choking at first feeding . Thank GOD for monitors . At approx 8-9 months tried to switch from stage 2 baby food to # 3 's . WRONG . Too many little chunks , threw up the first bite , everytime.Tried the baby safe feeder , he loved trying all new foods , hubby even fed him popcorn in it -LRB- aarugh -RRB- . At 13 months began oral therapy to `` learn to eat '' . Our therapist LOVED the baby-safe-feeder , as Alex had already tried lots of flavors , textures in it , made the process go much faster . She was going to pass along item & purchasing info for all her clients . Started eating `` solids '' at 17 months , he 's fine now . Turns out , he had no tongue control and a strong gag reflex . So food went to the back of mouth , scared him , & he threw up.Recommend HIGHLY to any parent with feeding issues -LRB- or preemie -RRB- to try this out . Also , great for those who eat out a lot or are into fresh fruits & veggies . We dishwashered daily , and the bags never separated , got holes , etc. . Used for 8 months ! Bananas do stain , but stains come out in 2 cycles of dishwasher .
 My 6-month old daughter received this as a gift from her grandmother , who uses it constantly with her other grandson . I put in frozen mango , frozen melon , frozen pineapple ... sweet , juicy foods . She LOVED it ! She has been teething for months , and got her two bottom teeth at 5 months old . Finally , she can chew on something cold and yummy . I could n't refill the bag fast enough for her . I do recommend using one of those molded plastic bibs that can catch all the juice that dribbles down her chin . It 's a hit !
 Use a waterpik to clean . It is helpful for your gums and teeth and makes cleaning the feeder easy too .
 Great idea and very safe ! My 7 month old daughter loves to eat fresh fruit from this feeder and I am assured that she wo n't choke on any small pieces . I find that it cleans up very easily as long as I wash it immediately . It 's been a great way to introduce my baby to fresh food without the worry . The one thing I have found is that you need to completely fill the mesh bag up with the fruit or vegetable , or baby has a hard time holding it without it `` flopping '' over . But I still rate this 5 stars !
 I absolutely LOVE this thing !! I was always afraid of feeding my son solids without mashing them to death for fear of him choking . I especially wasnt comfortable giving him hard treats like teething biscuits or cookies . This thing is wonderful , I was able to give him those snacks and fruit and more with out having to worry about choking . It was also great for travel when he was teething , on the airplane we couldnt take fruits and stuff -LRB- international flights -RRB- but they did give us some ice and he would chomp away at the ice and it made his gums feel a lot better .
 I bought the Baby Safe feeder for my son when he was 6 months old . It has been used almost every day for the past 3 months . My only regret is that I did n't buy it sooner . We LOVE this product . I love that I can give my son something that will feel good on his sore gums without worrying that he 'll choke on it . And my son loves that he finally gets something real to ` chew ' on . I buy one for every expectant mother I know .
 Some foods worked great in this but it only frustrated my baby with some others . By the time she mastered holding the handle she was moving into `` pick em up '' foods anyway . Good for ice for teething when they are little . Dogs can chew thru the mesh : -LRB-
 I just purchased this item a couple of days ago . My son is 9 months old and teething . I am afraid to give him the teething biscuits without this . I also plan on putting some fruits in here . I have tried teething rings and many other suggestions but he is n't interested . He does get a little messy but he would have without using this .
 This is a great item for your little one . According to the literature in the package a parent developed it inorder to prevent his son from choking . Really practical , yet ingenious product . I thought that the mesh bags were the only item to be replaced , but it is the green ring that attaches the mesh bag and is thrown away . An order form is available in the package and the refills cost more than the item itself -LRB- including shipping -RRB- .
 This is the best teether i have bought for my daughter . It has helped her tremendously when she first started cutting teeth . Bananas are very hard to get out of it but otherwise it is perfect.I would recomend this product to anyone with a teething child .
 I had seen this product in the store , but had put off buying it thinking it was n't necessary . Then one day I realized how much my daughter LOVED whole friuts vs. the baby-food puree & it was also the first time she choaked on anything ... a piece of peach . A few days later I had the safe feeder & its great to let her sit in her highchair and eat on her own . Nice break for me to do paperwork at the same time too , instead of cutting up small pieces for her !! :-RRB- Excellent product . Leahs Mommy : -RRB-
 Our son loves the Baby Safe Feeder . One of his favorite treats is frozen baby fruit juice -- great for teething !! Be sure to buy replacement bags -LRB- they 're easier to clean ! -RRB-
 This was absolutely fabulous for my family . We used it with frozen fruit for teething , and just about any snacks my baby wanted to eat . I never had to worry about her choking and it was so easy to clean.I truely reccomend this product for worry free feeding !
 I love love love this ! I give this as a gift to everyone I know who has a baby . The babysafe feeder got my daughter to like fruit , learn how to chew , soothe her when she was teething , and generally keep her occupied for an extra 15 minutes or so . It is a wonderful product and I ca n't say enough about it . Definitley get the replacement bags with it because they can get grimy pretty quickly , and FYI - bananas are a pain in the neck to get out of the feeder bag . Frozen grapes work well , and any other fruit . We even put some meat in it once . Love it !
 My 7 month old LOVES this ! I know the bags are disposable , but I thought the replacement bags are a little too expensive to be that disposable . I 'm glad another reviewer recommended how to clean it because that was the ONLY downfall to this product . My son loves to feed himself , and now I do n't need to worry about bites of food that are too big . Fruits and vegetables work best - teething biscuits do make a big mess !
 I buy one of these for every pregnant woman I know and every one of them has thanked me months later ! My daughter would get so excited when she saw me take it out because she knew something yummy was coming !
 My son , Jimmy , is 19 months old , and we have been told that he may need a g-tube for nutrients because formula alone would not be enough for him his whole life . The problem is , Jimmy doe n't have the `` normal '' swallowing reflex , nor does he have the muscle control to chew well . We tried the baby safe feeder for the first time today , and I am in tears writing this review at this very moment ! My Jimmy was able to chomp down , and continued to do so for 1/2 an hour ! He does n't have to worry about gagging or choking , and it is obvious that this is making a world of difference in his exploration of food ! I highly recommend this feeder for babies , disabled or not , and to children -LRB- or adults ! -RRB- of any age with a disability effecting their swallowing reflexes and ability to chew . I am excited to say that Jimmy may well be able to eat one day without the feeder due to his response to it so far ! It is , literally , teaching him to eat !
 The first time I gave my little Kayla -LRB- 6 months at the time -RRB- a peach in the safe feeder I loved it as much as she did . She enjoyed the peach and I enjoyed the fact of knowing that she would n't bite off more than she could chew . We had it for about three weeks when we went out on an outing and she lost it . I continued to give her fruit but very leary that she would choke.I just purchased another one and I will consider stocking up on them just incase we should lose this one too . I am truly grateful to the person who invented this product.I only wished that I had thought about it first , I 'm sure he has sold thousands and will continue to do well with this product.Eternally a grateful Nana . .
 i bought this for my 6 mo old who we thought was teething . turns out at 8 mos there are still no teeth . we 've only put fruit -LRB- banana , cantaloupe -RRB- in the feeder and he has so far liked the sensation that he 's `` eating '' something . its easy for him to grip and find the right end to put in his mouth.its a little hard to clean and you really have to soak it even if you wash it right away . but other than that it serves its purpose - the replacements are a little pricey but i ca n't imagine we will go thru too many of them .
 I bought this little gadget when my daughter was 5 months old . I figured when she started to eat cookies and real fruit she 'll need this . If anything my daughter is amused by it . She 'll grab it and bang her food tray with it . She has actually chewed food through the mesh on a few occasions . It also helps at a restaurant when the little one wants what 's on mommy or daddy 's plate . It 's not a bad thing to own so I would recommend it . I guess it just depends on how your child will receive it .
 This is the best product on the market to give infants the ability to aquire tastes for solid foods and give them the ability to ease the pain of teething . My 5 month old daughter was having a terrible time with chewing on everything from her hands to her toes . Now I give her a banana , carrot , or other solid food in her feeder and she will spend a long time satisfying her taste buds and easing her gums . The best thing is to chill anything that you put in the feeder . That helps their tiny gums . A MUST for any mother -LRB- or father -RRB- with a teething infant at home !!!
 We purchased this once our son reached 7 months and wanted to eat like us but could n't handle anything whole . He loves to eat bananas , especially when they are cold . He does great and the net strains the food to just the right consistency . It is a little difficult to clean but with a toothbrush combined with dishwasher , it does great . I have even thrown the netting in the washing machine and it comes out very clean . I would recommend purchasing extra nets because you should have one especially for bananas as these stain the netting .
 Santa brought this for my son . Hunter is 6 months old and wants to eat more than baby food !! He bit off a big hunk of a teething biscuit as well as a zwieback toast . He is teething right now too . I put grapes in it yesterday and he just went to town on them . The bananas are a little hard to clean out but that is why they sell replacement netting . I wish they had this product out 5 years ago when my daughter was a baby
 I kept seeing this in the store and would say next time I would by it . Then I finally bought it and I love it . I was sitting at the table with my parents and he wanted to eat some bananas and I just felt that he could choke on it and I said to my father I will let him eat this when I pick the baby feeder . Gavin now sits with this in his mouth and sucks away . He eats apples and cookies and other foods . Gavin is now 7 months with two teeth on the bottom and he loves this . I wish I got it sooner .
 I bought this for my firstborn when he started to get bored with the same old baby food but was not quite ready to chew on his own . He has absolutely loved it . When he 's teething we buy the bags of frozen mixed fruit , put a few pieces in there and watch him have a ball . I absolutely love this because I do n't have to worry about him choking , it gets him excited every time he sees me filling it , and allows him to experience all kinds of new flavors without the hassle of mushing it up . I wished I had found it before he was 6 months old .
 I bought the Baby Safe Feeder with the intention of putting ice in it for my teething son . My husband had other ideas . He thought it would be a great way to introduce our 5-month-old to grilled steak . It took some convincing , but the voice of reason finally won . We compromised on watermelon , which our son loved ! The ice idea works pretty well , too . The only problems I have with the Feeder are it 's hard for my son to hold , and its messy . But , he 's five months old , what do you expect ?! I reccommend this product , but not for steak !
 I have loved this product ! My baby is now 6 months old and does n't always want veggies with cereal . However , with this product , I just make a whole bunch of ice cubes with whatever pureed veggies I want , plop the cube in the feeder and she gets the vitamins and relief from teething ! I plan to freeze pureed soups with meat and veggies later in this fashion . My only concern -- some of the edges are a little sharp .
 I love this product , so does my 10 month old son . Everytime I bring this product out someone asks me what it is and thinks it is great ! Some people think it is too messy , but when does n't an eating baby make a mess . When I give my son a piece of fruit without the safe feeder he makes more mess than with it . I read that some babies do n't like this product because they do n't like sucking on mesh . Any baby that I have ever come across does n't seem to mind that . My two kids have always loved sucking on blankets , animals , shirts , etc. . Now they can suck on something that tastes good . I wish they had this product when my 6 year old was a baby .
 I CAN HONESTLY SAY THAT THE BABY SAFE FEEDER IS JUST ABOUT THE GREATEST INVENTION I HAVE EVER COME ACROSSED FOR BABIES . I BOUGHT IT FOR MY SON ABOUT 2 MONTHS AGO AND HE LOVES IT ! MY FAMILY , INCUDING MY HUSBANDS FAMILY THOUGHT I WAS CRAZY WHEN I TOLD THEM ABOUT IT , BUT NOW THEY LOVE IT JUST AS MUCH AS HE DOES . WE PUT ALL SORTS OF FOOD IN IT AND DO N'T HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT MY LITTLE ANGEL CHOKING . WE CALL IT HIS LITTLE ICE CREAM CONE !!! IF I HAVE ANY ADVICE FOR PARENTS , GRANDPARENT OR ANYONE WHO IS LOOKING TO BUY SOMETHING FOR A LITTLE ONE IT WOULD BE TO BUY THE BABY SAFE FEEDER ! YOU WILL LOVE IT AND SO WILL THE LITTLE ONE YOU GOT IT FOR !!!!
 My daughter Jaiden loves this device . I put a banana in first -LRB- they are hard to clean -RRB- and then crack some grapes so when she bites down with her gums juice flows and fill it up . The grapes in the bottom help the banana not to get into the seam . I give it to her and you 'd think she was given prime rib . She sucks and sucks and wo n't even budge . Her gums get sore and I have tried the water filled rings and other ideas but this one is the best by far . No fear in the choking dept. and happiness in the gum dept. She is almost 6 months old and I tried this for the first time last week .
 I received this as a shower gift from my sister-in-law . When I received it , I had NO idea what is was or what it was for . Needless to say , my perception of this has significantly changed -LRB- for the BETTER ! -RRB- I use this for my 71/2 month old son with canned pears , pieces of apple and canned peaches ... Just cut up the canned fruits/veggies to fit in the bag , and let your little one have at it ! Better yet , when they 're teething , freeze cubes of juice , and put the cube -LRB- s -RRB- in the bag -- they 'll thank you for it ! They 'll throughly enjoy feeding themselves -LRB- albeit making a mess too -RRB- ... but more importantly , they are LEARNING to feed themselves as well as about the textures and consistencies of food other than the pureed versions they 're so used to . It 's durable and EASY to clean , and replacment `` bags '' are found pretty much any child store .
 This baby safe feeder is the best thing invented since disposable diapers ! It is a must have ! My 11 month old son loves it and can eat people food so much better ! I highly recommend this !!!!
 Great tool for a baby that is not yet on solids.My son loved to eat but would alway stuff food in and notchew , this taught him to chew the food .
 I have never found a more useful or amazing product for my son . He loves Watermelon in it most of all I think , It makes for quiet dinners with the rest of the family . We can put him in his walker or high chair and he will suck quietly and happily on healthy foods and we dont have to worry about choking or safety . There is no way anything but juice is getting through that Mesh !!! No mom should be without this one
 hello . I really enjoy this feeder as well as my son . It is so great to be at ease when he is eating . As a first time parent I would worry about the pieces being to big but with this feeder all worries are gone . I just got this for a friend who is expecting her baby soon . I would definitly recommend this .
 I used the Baby Safe Feedeer when my daughter was about 6-10 months old . A friend recommended it to me because she had one for her younger daughter , and she found that her younger daughter chewed much better than her older daughter . My daughter is 20 months old now , and I do n't really worry about her choking . She chews everything really well , and sometimes it seems like she chews things forever . I really think this is because she had to chew food really well to get it through the mesh of the Baby Safe Feeder . I recommend this to everyone I know who 's having a baby . It can be hard to get some things out of the mesh , but I think the chewing experience for the baby makes it completely worth it .
 For babies who like to throw things like this across the room -LRB- great fun -RRB- , try hooking it on strollers and infant seats with plastic links like the ones used for rattles and toys . This is useful when traveling , or when eating in a restaraunt.For a great treat during warmer months , try placing a frozen peach slice inside the mesh bag ! It 's like a popsicle for baby ! This product is highly recommended !!
 I saw this in a catalogue when I was pregnant with my son . I bought it and two spare food bags . I love the idea behind this item and it was very handy ! Just be prepared to spend a lot of time cleaning ! It 's well worth the extra effort though !
 This is the best baby product out there . I started using it when my son was about 5 months and still use it today at 12 months . I loved it for teething . I feed him everything from Ice to veggies in it . I tell all my friends it is a must have .
 I can not wait until my baby is old enough to enjoy eating from this ! I bought these for my niece and nephew and they absolutely adored them ! It 's so handy for mother and so nice for the babies . My sister swears she feels so much better giving her babies fruit pieces in this strainer on a stick !! Love it !!
 Wonderful product !!! I highly recommend this product for every parent who has a baby . This will definately be something great to give someone for a baby shower !!
 This is a wonderful product . I wish I 'd have had it with my first 2 babies . It is so nice for my little one to experiance foods I would n't normally let him chew on without this feeder . It 's safe and healthy.One downfall is that it 's hard to clean . I 've figured out that I can scrub it with a toothbrush , put it in the dishwasher , scrub it again with the toothbrush , and run it through a second time in the dishwasher and it comes out okay . Then I found refill bags in the store-not avail . online - and those are a time saver while I 'm cleaning the others.I do suggest this product to everyone I know with infants . It 's well worth the time for cleaning and the money invested .
 I tried this based on the recommendation of some moms in my playgroup . Never realized something like this existed ! My 7 month old is more difficult than my first two children to take out in public ... this helps tremendously when we go to a restaurant . I just get a piece of fruit and it keeps him occupied the whole meal , and I am happy that I am able to give him healthy alternatives ! Great , great , great product ! -LRB- be advised , though , it can take a bit to get baby used to it -RRB-
 This product is amazing . Besides being a nice safe easy way to feed your baby it has been great for teething . Put a plain bagel in their -LRB- cold is a + too -RRB- and let the child gum away . My wife found out about this produc twhen working Babies R Us and it has been awesome with a first born and waiting to use it on twins . Great fo restuarants too , you can put parts of the whole meal in there and not worry about choking hazards.One suggestion get a long ribbon and tie it to it so the child can not throw it and ruin rugs or linens when out so easily .
 This is perfect for little ones to begin chewing on fruits , veggies and even meats .
 I bought this for my son now 17 months when he first started on sold food . The old design was still in use then . He loved it . I put frozen banana slices or slices of cantelope in it when he was teething and he loved it . When the weather got warm , peices of popcycle where his favorite . It is a good idea to keep a backup in the diaper bag for when you 're out and about . Now there is a new design , much easier to clean . I get the feeder and a refill pack for every new mother I know . It is a real life saver .
 My 9-month old son loves his freedon when eating with the Baby Safe Feeder . We received it as a gift when he was 6-months old . I also find it very convenient to use for us busy moms!One of his favorites is frozen peaches . His other favorite is bananas.The only drawback that I have noticed thus far is cleaning some food out of the mesh . Bananas are the worst ! But with patience and time , it all comes out .
 We love this item . Not only does it allow for my son to feed himself all kinds of foods from frozen milk and frozen veggie cubes to graham crackers and teething biscuits , but it keeps him busy since he can ` do it himself ' so that hubby and I can enjoy dinner together and not in shifts . Cleaning it has not been a problem at all ... even when I left banana in it OVERNIGHT . -LRB- I do n't recommend doing that ... but if you do ... it will come clean -RRB- . I took the advice of another poster who reviewed this product and clean the feeder with hot water , some vinager and denture cleaning tabs . Works beautifully . We 've had our feeder now for about 2 months and use it practically everyday and we 're still on our first bag . We LOVE it !
 This is the greatest thing . . We bought it for my Grandson at age 6 months ... he 's 18 months old now ... and it is the greatest thing . We could put anything in it and did n't have to worry about him chocking on anything . He loved hard carrots and cookies . Now i buy these for anybody you is having a little one ... I just think they 're great . A Proud Grandma
 This is a great invention ! You can stick pieces of whatever food you like in and screw the top on and let your baby discover new foods and cut those new teeth at the same time . It can be difficult to clean , but you can always get new bags . It is also a little bulky but my child did n't have any trouble handling it once he found the tasty treats inside . And , as always with feeding a baby , expect it to be a little messy ! I loved mine with my first child and am about to pick one up for my second . You should try one , it 's such a relief to know your baby can eat safely without getting too large a chunk of something from those first teeth . You see , it is a mesh bag with a fairly fine mesh , so they have to squish the foods into a pulp and basically suck it through the bag to eat it . A great find .
 I got this for my son when he was 6 months old . He would eat too fast and choke because he was too eager when hungry to take time to chew his food . When I got this Baby Safe Feeder it was a godsend ! I could give him anything -LRB- even adult foods instead of baby -RRB- and not have to worry about him choking or gagging . He loved it and I immediately the only problem I had was making sure there was always one available around the house , in the diaper bag , at the sitters , and grandma 's for him to use . There are also additional caps -LRB- feeder bags -RRB- that can be bought -LRB- 2 at a time ... and I do recommend getting several as your little one will probably love them -RRB- so that you can have more to use while the other/s are being washed and dried . They are also dishwasher safe on the top rack or in the utinsel -LRB- fork , knife , spoon -RRB- rack . I always give them as baby shower presents , and ALWAYS get compliments on them . This is a MUST have in my house whenever there is a baby or toddler -LRB- from ages 3 months - 31/2 years -RRB- . My son is now almost 4 and still uses it to suck on and chew up ice . It is snack/meal time without worry ! . I am even using them in my home daycare as well since they offer such safety and peace of mind for the children . I have only found them at `` Babies R ' US '' and `` Toys R US '' . I beleive they are the same company , and they are the same price ... well worth the money . Best safety item I ever bought !!!
 A wonderful gadget ! My son loves munching on fresh grapes and bananas through the netting.The one from Munchkin FALLS APART !!!! This one may be a little more difficult to clean but ... we 've had the $ 3 version for about 2 weeks and my 6 month old son can pull open the lever , which by the way is starting to break off.BUY THIS ONE INSTEAD !!!!
 My son has had this since he started eating solids and still uses it at 15 months . It is great when you first start giving solids and you worry about your child choking . You can put anything in the mesh bag . We started out with fruit and baby cookies . As my son became better at eating and we worried less about choking we stopped using it at home . Still , I use it when he is in his stroller at the mall . I place some Teddy Grahams in it and he loves it ! It keeps his hands clean and he enjoys teething on it . So many people stop and ask me what it is ... so it is a conversation starter too . This is one of the things I feel that I could n't live without . I suggest you start your baby early on it . It does take a few weeks for baby to get the hang of using it ! I give these out to all my friends at their showers . It makes a great gift .
 This item was a lifesaver , especially during teething time . I used to put frozen bananas and frozen melon balls in it . The bananas became mushy really fast , it was messy . My son would eat 1-2 each sitting . The melon balls hardly came out of the net , just the juice . I think the frozen foods were great for this product , and what a refreshing summer treat . It also holds the ice tray baby food cubes . Wahing it was not so great , but better if done right away . We used dishsoap and water to soak in a coffe mug . A little hand agitation helps too . I never needed the refill rings . He never bit thru it , well , not yet anyway . I have yet to use it on the second set of teeth . I am currently buying them for all of my friends . What an amazing product . Why did n't I think of it first ?
 A tip I found online , especially with bananas ! Any food that stains comes RIGHT OUT ! one scoop of oxy clean -LRB- or any off brand oxy type cleaner -RRB- in a cup of hot water , soak for 20-30 mins and it is clean as when you took it out of the package ! I have given my son bananas in this a number of times , they used to be a PAIN to clean , now they are so easy ! just soak the uck away ! Makes this product TOTALLY perfect now !
 I love this idea and so does my son . He had his first local gorn apple at 5 months old thanks to this product . He gnawed that thing to death . We keep one at home and oone in the diaper bag for when we got out . It is easy to clean and is one less thing to worry about . Of course supervision is still required but makes you feel safer knowing the baby is eating healthy food and staying safe from choking .
 I bought this for my 6 month old who is very restless in her highchair . She was very content with this product . The first time I used it with bananas and she loved it . I want to provide healthy food for my baby and this helps me out alot . Not to mention without the worry of a choking hazard . I would have rated this product with 5 stars , but it is a pain in the neck to clean . Food does get stuck in it and takes quite a bit of work to get out . However , I will take the advise of the other comment and buy more bag refills .
 I bought this product before our daughter was born because it seemed like a good idea . It turned out to be money very well spent . She loves it . I love it . I am able to feed her fresh fruit and know that she is getting good nutrition , learning new tastes , and will not choke . I 've used bananas , pears , canteloupe , watermelon , grapes , etc. . I am buying them for baby shower gifts now too . To get it as clean as possible again , I soak it in a very dilute solution of bleach water . It works nicely .
 This is how my son learned how to chew solid food , after gagging every time I tried to give him even the softest solids . He learned how to chew in a week !!!!! Need I say more ? G-R-E-A-T !!!!!
 After reading the inventors story inside the package , I went out and bought one for grandma 's house . She is always nervous about the baby choking on teething biscuits , so this gave her peace of mind . You do need to break most bisquits in thirds to get them in the net , but it is well worth it.As others have said , some fruits are a bit hard to clean out of it , but I found if I hand wash them & get most of the gunk out , then throw them in the dishwasher they are great .
 I discovered this wonderful invention when my son was about 9 months old ! I wish I had found it earlier . We froze carrots , bananas , grapes , and peaches and put them in the feeder . He loved them ! The frozen food helped soothe his sore gums and he also loved the taste of the food ! I highly recommend this for any parent !
 I purchased this feeder for my 7 month old daughter so I could start to introduce her to solid foods . This product is really great ! Its also a great help when you go out to a restaurant , it will keep your baby entertained for awhile . So far we have only tried lemons , oranges , bananas , apples and grapes . But its fantastic ! And I appreciate the other reviewers who gave advise on how to clean the mesh bag . My only suggestion is to buy 2 , one for home and one for your diaper bag .
 I used this product when my 3 year old daughter was a baby and LOVED it ! I now have a set of 8 month old twins and it is a lifesaver ! Have you ever tried monitoring TWO babies while they were eating teething biscuits ? And now they can enjoy fresh natural foods ! A MUST have - I often purchase it as a baby gift !
 My 6 months old loves food ! I do n't buy jarred food , I cook frozen or fresh foods and grind it up for her . This item is awesome . I do n't have to grind things up . I can just give her the safe feeder and she sucks it right down . She loves being able to do it herself too . Definetly worth the money 100 times over . You 'll be glad you have this !
 I love this product ! My son loved to explore new tastes and I loved not having to worry about him choking on anything ! -LRB- just be careful when they get teeth -RRB- Overall this is a great product and I would reccomend it to everyone !
 My daughter is ten months old and loves the Baby Safe Feeder . She has been using it for five months and it has been a life-saver . We bought a bunch of replacement bags , and I think they are a little expensive , but still worth the money . We have two bags that we use just for foods that stain . She started out with softer foods like bananas and kiwi . Now that she is older , she can eat those foods on her own , but I still love the Baby Safe Feeder for carrots , pears , and strawberries . I wash it in the dishwasher so I do n't have to worry about germs . I usually put her in her high chair to use it , because the juice leaks all over . It has been great to take to restaurants . She loves to try new foods , and usually ends up with some vegetables from Mom and Dad 's salads . Overall this is a great product !
 This feeder is great for babies who start sucking on their toys . It is great with cantelope . Buy two and get some replacement bags also .
 This product is great . My daughter loves it ... espcially peaches and watermelon ! However beware of bananas ... . It gets stuck in the mesh and is very , very hard to clean ! I ran it thtouhg the dishwasher twice ... still stuck . I ended up soaking it in a cup of gel bleach . That did the trick : -RRB-
 My baby loved this , even though he wo n't use a single of the many teethers we 've tried . This is the only thing that soothes his teething pain that he 'll take . We use with frozen apples , even ice cube pieces . Worth the price , as it WORKS
 I did n't find it too dificult to clean as others commented . It 's good for babies over 6 months but one must understand that the baby might throw it away -LRB- sometimes very far away -RRB- and then all the food is gone . It 's a cheap item and the baby might have fun as mine did . When they get a bit older and holding things for longer , it is very handy to leave the baby busy eating some fruit , for example .
 This feeder is great to let little ones have and make a mess . Do n't think they wo n't get messy . My little one had banana everywhere . She is 9 months and can hold it my herself . However , she does try to eat the bag . She has two teeth that I think could eventually rip the bag if she tries hard enough . But I do n't think it is a dangerous feeder . The replacement bags are useful so you ca n't wash one and put in a fresh one . The screw top is wonderful and it is made in the USA .
 My son seems to like this . Though if he bangs it around enough , the ring becomes slightly loose . Have n't had any problems cleaning the mesh bag .
 I was afraid that my baby would throw/drop this and break the ring , but then I discovered that I could link the handle to the attachment on the Fisher-Price Healthy Care Deluxe Highchair . It works great !
 Baby Safe FeederI very first purchased one of these for my grand-daughter 6 year ago and have purchased many more for all of the grandbabies and friends with babies ! These are awesome as you do n't have to worry about the babies choking on crckers , cookies fruit etc ! They are wonderful !
 As many reviewers have pointed out , this product is difficult to clean . The first time I used it with frozen slices of banana , I nearly threw away the mesh bag after trying to clean it -LRB- and I did everything recommended , including using a soft brush , effervescent tablets , etc. -RRB- I came upon a different way of using frozen items to help my son 's teething pains , and also an easier way to make clean up a breeze . Frozen baby food -LRB- such as applesauce , pears and bananas -RRB- is MUCH easier to clean from the mesh bags . I fill ice cube trays about 1/2 way full with baby food and freeze it , and the cubes fit nicely into the mesh bag . I have ordered a small baby food mill , and look forward to grinding my own food in the future instead of relying on processed baby food from the can.I love this product , and will definately give this as a gift at my next baby shower .
 My son is teething and this is a Godsend . I put frozen fruits in here and let him at it . No worries about him choking and his sore gums are soothed , plus he 's getting fruit . I could n't ask for more .
 I received this whle I was stilll pregnant I thought it was a joke . To my suprise when my son started solids , I gave him a small piece of peach in this ... and he went to town !!! He can eat almost anything from this which he likes since now he can have a taste of whatever mommy and daddy are eating at the time . I feel safe giving him grapes -LRB- which I cut in half since the skin is tougher to break in the mesh -RRB- and he eats all the pulp out of them and the choking hazard is eliminated ! I got the extra 2 nets and when traveling or in a typical day we can use all three and do n't worry about washing till the end of the day.My son is now 13 months old and we still use this for the occasional use . It is great for a lot of those fresh fruit days , since he loves to gobble his food down without really trying to chew . I would , and have , reccomend this to every parent .
 This is an AMAZING feeder ! I have 15 mo old b/g twins and they have loved it since they were 6 months old . I put everything in it - bananas , avocado , apples , pears , cheese , strawberries , watermelon , ice cubes -LRB- great for teething -RRB- , juice cubes , even MEAT ! My children love it . Cleaning it was never a problem , I soak the mesh nets in Oxyclean over night and rinse them thoroughly -LRB- then I lick it to see if there is ANY residue of the cleaner -RRB- , then rinse again . They come out perfectly clean . I make sure that I tell them what I am giving them in the feeder so they can learn the words for banana -LRB- for example -RRB- and that has worked wonderfully too ! I love this product
 What a great way to introduce baby to fresh fruit & veggies . No choking ! I admit the older style bags were hard to clean -LRB- Oxy clean and an overnight soak in hot water in a cup before a top-rack dishwasher run did get it clean , but was messy and took extra time -RRB- . Now , new easy-clean/disposable bags are here ! Look for them out there -- our BRU had them recently . Pitch them if they 're really bad , but just unscrew bag from ring , scrub or soak both and voila , put back together and re-use . Then throw them away as the bags age , tear or stain.Alex has used ours since 4 months of age and our original bags plus newer replacements are still going strong at 10 months , with repeated dishwasher-ing .
 I just bought this because a friend recommended that I get one for my 8-month-old son . He loves it , in fact I 'm going to buy another one to keep in my diaper bag for restaurants , grandma 's house , or wherever . We put teething bisquits in it and he goes to town and I do n't have to worry about him breaking off a piece and choking on it . I think that this is a must have for all babies !!!!
 I bought this for my son when he was 7 months and it was great . Banana 's etc. . are slippery but with this he could hold the fruit . It really cut down on mess too , no sticky fingers all over the high chair and everywhere . Fantastic idea as you can now give fruit to babies without the worry of choking and they get to enjoy fresh fruit that they can hold !
 For those who complain about how hard it is to clean all the food out of the bags , you 'll be glad to know that the manufacturer has designed a new type of bag that is easier to clean . The bag separates from the ring , and so it is much easier to get to all the food particles -LRB- you get four bags and one ring in a package -RRB- . The bags are reusable and dishwasher safe , even though they 're labeled as `` disposable '' . As of this writing , some stores already have the bags in stock , and others will be getting them soon . I bought mine from www.babycatalog.com . The new bags are longer and narrower than the original bags that come with the feeder , and this shape seems to be easier for the baby to get his mouth around . The bags appear to be made out of the same mesh fabric as the original ones - do n't be mislead by the `` disposable '' label - they 're just as sturdy as the originals . I give the product four stars because of the trouble it is to clean the bags that are permanently attached to the green ring .
 My son and I both love this gift . He gets to chew on something and I get to not worry about him choking . To clean I just take it apart and put it in the dishwasher .
 My son who is almost 6 months just absolutly loves this product . We have given him bananas and pears and he just ca n't get enough of them . This is an absolute must for any baby who is eating baby food . You do n't have to worry about them choking at all ! I will definatly be giving this product to people I know who are having a baby from now on .
 I recently purchased this , so far i think it is great . I have always been scared to give my son fresh fruit because of the idea that he might choke . With this i feel safer and i could feed him fresh fruit . Its a must have .
 After reading one too many stories about babies choking on grapes , biter biscuits and other innocuous foods , I was n't looking forward to introducing my girl to chunky foods . This made a great transition . My baby loves to chew on food in the mesh bag -- or on the handle , just for variety . I have n't had much trouble cleaning it . Just turn it inside out , scrub around the rim , and put it in the dishwasher.My only beef is that I do n't think it 's something that will be useful for long . It would be easy to do without . But it 's a nice way to ease your baby into solid foods . And it gives nervous new parents one thing less to be nervous about .
 My baby has never liked the texture of baby food from the jar . I have changed brands several times , but she has never been interested in the mushie baby food . But I can put the same food in solid form in this baby feeder and she loves to chew on it and play with it for long time . She even had a taste of steaks the other night when she was insisting to have what mommy was eating and she is only 6 month old . About bananas , cleaning the net afterward is almost impossible . The banana little pieces gets in the edge of the ring and stays there for good . I 've put mine in the dishwasher several times but ca n't get rid of the particles . So bananas are out in my new feeder .
 I got this for my 4 month old to introduce her to foods . It 's nice because you dont have to supervise constantly while they are eating . It is hard to clean though , when using it with bananas , and also the bad stains easy . Once my baby was a little older , she did n't like to use this . So now we just watch her well while she eats with out the baby safe feeder . Great product for just starting out ! Refill bags are expensive though .
 When I was expecting my second son , I opened this feeder and had no idea what it was . Now it 's the gift I plan to give to all of my expecting friends ! Unlike some of the other reviews , I find it easy to clean and easy to use . My 11 month old sits in his high chair while I 'm busy in the kitchen and can actually have a piece of that cucumber that I 'm putting in the salad ! Praises to the creater of this product . I only wish I had it when my other son was a baby .
 I have three children and I wish now that I bought this baby feeder years ago . My baby girl loves it ! She sucks on all types of fruits and vegies that she will not eat from a bottle . She is satisfied with the taste and feel of the feeder . she loves to teeth on it . She cries for more ! I feel confident and comfortable with putting any food in there and knowing it will not pose a choking hazard . when your baby is fussy and nothing will please him , try this feeder . Well worth the buy . Get two !
 I think this is one of the greatest safety inventions . I used this for my 3rd baby and it was great . Yes it is messy but you can let them have a teething biscuit without being scared they will choke . I guess some babies just wo n't take to it . Mine did n't want it after she got to be a certain age . This is what I buy as a baby shower gift . I think I have given at least 3 of them . Definitely on the must have list .
 This has to be one of the best products on the market ! Now that my daughter is pregnant with my first grandchild , I have been doing a lot of shopping and research . My sister-in-law filled this with orange wedges and handed it to her then very fussy 8 month old and I could n't believe the instant peace . She swears by this product . It can be filled with just about anything . Cold products are great in here for teething babies , and it 's a great way to give infants fresh fruit without the risk of choking . I have to admit it can be messy , but what does n't get messy with babies ? My new grandbaby will deffinately have A Baby Safe Feeder !
 I purchased this product a few months ago despite all the bad reviews and so far I have not had a problem with it . My son loves it . I 've had this sitting in the sink -LRB- dirty -RRB- for days sometimes and I have never once had a problem cleaning it . The best way I figured out on cleaning this product is to just clean it with hot water and dish detergent and clean out the inside really good with the same type of brush that you use to clean out the bottles . Even the bananas come out and who cares if its a little stained as long as you know that its clean . I was in the store the other day and saw a similar version of this item made by Munchkin at less than half the price of this one . I wish I found it before because this baby safe feeder is a little outrageous in price for this kind of item . I would still definately recommend this product though .
 Safer feeder is a wonderful life saver to a teething crying baby . Eventually you will have to buy replacements for the netting , but I bought mine about 6 mnths ago , and still have n't had to make a replacement yet . My son uses it everyday . You can put fresh or frozen foods in the netting , and screw the handle into the cap and not have to worry about it coming undone . The netting is durable and strong enough for the sharp new teeth and the dishwasher . I usually put frozen peach slices for my son when he is cutting a tooth , and he loves to chew and suck on this for hours . Only thing the child will have to be watched as with any other feeding techniques , and the handle is a little heavy and bulky for the smaller ones . It is still good if you hold it for them and let them chew , much better than those water filled teethers and vibrating teethers . Overall it is worth the money spent and will be spending for the extra netting if we will ever need them . It is easy to clean , some food like bananas does get in the edging and you have to work it out by hand and running water , but it is simple . Great recommendation to parents whom are tryin everything from teething rings to frozen waffles -LRB- like I did -RRB- to help ease the pain of teething . As well as , great to start them getting a taste of real food !! A baby wo n't choke like my son did on the teething biscuits .
 This is really a wonderful product ! My 6 month old son uses his all the time.I found an easy way to clean the mesh part that I would like to share with every one . First - remove any large pieces of pulp or food left inside - do n't worry about scrubbing it out or removing all the food . Second - mix 1/4 a scoop of an oxi-clean type cleaner with hot water in glass cup . Third - put the mesh bag in the glass - ring side up -LRB- you can hold it down with a spoon -RRB- . Wait about 10 minutes . Pull the mesh bag out - rinse and clean with regular dish washing soap . Air dry . Mesh bag comes out sparkling white -LRB- so will your glasses if you have hard water stains ! -RRB- . The food simply disolves . Works really well with bananas !!!! No more brown colored mesh . No more time spent trying to pull small bits of food out from the mesh edges or from around the ring.Now what to feed baby - everything but pudding and ice cream ! Bananas , plums , peaches , melon , chicken , cooked carrots , potatoes , you name it . No grinding food , do n't have to spend extra money on jars of baby food . This little gadget is GREAT !
 The Baby Safe Feeder is wonderful ! I know it was designed to allow a baby to eat safely , but it also allows a baby to eat and explore new foods independently.My 6 month old daugher has just started eating ` food ' . Today I put a piece of banana inside the Baby Safe Feeder and she kept herself busy for 1/2 an hour mashing the banana with her mouth , tasting and eating the banana . I love that she can ` feed ' herself . I have also put an apple slice inside and she spent a long time licking the apple , getting to know the taste.This is a must for all babies ! Only one suggestion - do buy an extra set of of the mesh food bags . You can buy them in sets of 2 -LRB- I got them at BabiesRUs store . -RRB- As it says in the instructions , some foods , especially bananas , stain and are hard to clean out all the way . Even when I spend 10 minutes cleaning the mesh net with a small brush and then put it in the dishwasher , some pieces still seem stuck . So we have one net we use for the bananas , and one net for all other foods.Enjoy !
 My 7 month old daughter liked this from day one . Just this morning I put in banannas . She spent 30-40 minutes gnawing in delight . I usually keep her in her high chair when using the feeder since it can cause a big time mess . Most often she 'll need a bath not too long after.I 'm a very nervous first time mom and have heard one to many horror stories about teething biscuits . But I did n't want to limit her to pureed baby food . I feel like this product is good for that in between time ... before you start giving them cooked , chopped veggies etc to self-feed and long after they 've mastered the art of opening their mouth in anticipation of food . This product will also give your little one a safe and nutritious way to satisfy their urge to chew when teething . It works just as well as they claim it does : - -RRB-
 I always thought this was a good idea . When my daughter started teething and was n't interested in anything else , I bought it and I 'm SO happy I did.I 've seen other ones with bigger nets , but this net is a perfect size for a little one who is starting to chew and bite . The handle is a bit heavy but she can hold it two-handed and LOVES to chew , chew , chew!I 've used pineapples -LRB- which she loves -RRB- , frozen cantaloupe , and just about every other imaginable cold/frozen food I could fit into it . It holds up well wash after wash , use after use ! Pears are a little messy -LRB- like bananas -RRB- and sort of hard to clean out of it , but the extra few minutes it takes is worth the joy of a content baby !! Given the cost of some teething rings , I did n't feel the price was too high and I like that I can purchase extra bags . All-in-all , this is a great product to help ease the pain of teething and introduce you child to different foods/flavors !!
 After reading about a good way to clean the bags -LRB- with Oxy-Clean -RRB- , I wanted to tell everyone an even easier / healthier way to clean these -LRB- and all other things that are hard to scrub -RRB- . Fill a learge bowl with 1/4 cup or so of white vinegar and warm water , place the bag -LRB- or any other item to be cleaned -RRB- in the bowl and then add a plain Alka-Seltzer tablet -LRB- I buy a generic brand at WalMart that 's dirt cheap -RRB- . The Alka Seltzer fizzes powerfully when it hits the vinegar and both of them together get out stains and blast off everything else without even scrubbing . Since it 's just vinegar and seltzer , it makes me feel safer that there are no harsh chemicals left on the surface of whatever I 'm cleaning ... especially if it 's for my baby . This also works great for cleaning jewelry -LRB- especially rings -RRB- , and is much much cheaper than most other methods .
 At first when I saw this I thought it would be a bit disgusting to eat food through a net ! My son loved it from the time he was 4 months old ! He could eat apples , watermelon , cantalope , bananas , peas , carrots and even cookies through the netting - without me having to worry about him choking . It was great for long car rides or whenever he was fussy because it kept him occupied for long periods of time AND he was able to be exposed to foods he otherwise would not have been . I highly recommend this product , but you will probably need extra nets . I run mine through the dishwasher and they come out like new !
 I came across this product with a recommendation from a friend who 's twins were having an easy time with teething . My little guy was so unhappy and crying all the time . The bitter biscuits were so messy and even without his first tooth william was able to break them into little chunks . I bought the feeder and used it originaly for his teething . At around 4 months old I was putting melon in it . Although it said to use frozen fruit , I just used fresh and of course fruit juice was everywhere afterward but the crying stopped . The only teething upsets after buying this product were when the tooth actually broke thru , otherwise william was suddenly the happiest kid in town . Melon , strawberrys , oranges , peaches , you name it . and once he was old enough i 'd use it at dinner time and give him whatever we were having . Steak and potato ... No problem . It made all the difference and saved my sanity to boot . I ran out and bought one for every gal in the family who was having a baby .
 Wonderful product . Our six month old loves this feeder with ice . Perfect to soothe a teether 's sore gums ! We 've also tried fruits and cookies . She loves to try what she sees the family eating , so this is the safest way to allow her to try new foods . I would recommend this to everyone . The idea about using toy links to attach this to trays or strollers is great too . Let me add that you need at least two of these feeders so that you can take one in your diaper bag . WARNING ! Be ready for lots of comments and questions about where to find this wonderful invention ! : -RRB- Thank you to the dad who invented the Baby Safe Feeder . You 're literally a life-saver ! God bless !
 I just bought this for my 6 month old son and he loves it ! He figured out how to use it immediately and has tried a banana , graham crackers and vanilla wafers . It keeps the mess down to a minimum since the uneaten food stays in the netting . I love that it allows him to enjoy different foods without me worrying about him biting off chunks and possibly choking on it or not introducing a certain food until much later when it becomes a safer food when he has teeth . The netting keeps the food inside but allows the baby to chew on it and still get a safe amount . This is the best invention , kudos to the dad who invented this ! I have already recommended this product to others !
 This is the best baby product we own ! I ca n't stop talking about how wonderful it is ! Every parent needs one . My daughter went from having 1 tooth popping up to 6 at one time within 2 weeks . She wo n't eat ! She wo n't take from a bottle ! All she 'll do is nurse ! Then I got this feeder . SHE LOVES IT !!! I know she is n't getting all she needs to eat , but at least it 's something . And at least she is enjoying herself . She squeels with delight when I give it to her ! So I went and bought one for all our mommy friends . And they all have the same reaction ! Their babies love it too ! My mom , the most frugle woman on the planet , even suggested that I buy a few more so both grandma 's can have their own . Not bad coming from someone who thinks ice cubes are too expensive to make ! : - -RRB-
 I purchased this when my ds was 5mos . old and he loved it . We have put everything in it . It is a little hard to clean but you can get it with just some hot soapy water and a bottle brush . I use it everyday for his biter biscuits and his fruit and his cereal Bars . He is now almost 10 mos . old and still loves this product . It is great to take to sitters house cause then I dont have to worry about him choking while he is eating and I am not there . I love this and will be buying a few more for the new babies in our family
 my baby loves this - she gets very excited when I pull the green net out of the cabinet ! It is especially great for teething - I freeze orange juice into ice cube trays and put 2 into the net - great for sore little gums !
 I bought this for my son when he was about 6 months old after reading soo many great reviews . I admit , I was very skeptical . . it looked like such a pain to clean ! But my son really loves it so it is definately worth the effort it takes to wash . He is teething and I think this is really soothing for those little gums . It is also great for taking along when we eat out as we can always get some fruit from the salad bar , and it keeps him entertained so we can actually eat ! The only drawback is the cleaning . . it really does take some effort to get all the food out of it . . especially banana . The feeder has a very thick seam and a ridge around the green part that trap bits of food . I have been using a toothbrush to clean it , but if anyone has some tips to share to make it easier I 'd love to hear them !
 I LOVE this item . I have a preemie who is almost a year now . I was so scared of feeding him `` real food '' , he was constantly gagging on the biscuts , cheerios , and crackers . He 's behind in his grabbing ability , so fruit on the highchair tray was n't working ! I got this item after thinking about it for awhile . My son 's first tooth was coming in and he was n't happy with any of the `` cold teethers '' , so I thought I would try this for a frozen fruity treat . I use this maybe once a day , usually with frozen watermelon , cantaloupe , and bananas-sometimes frozen . My son LOVES it and totally `` got it '' the very first time I gave it too him . Yes , he chewed on the plastic part , but that 's exploring . No , its not a breeze to clean , but there are replacement bags and keeping its very own toothbrush to clean it helps a GREAT deal . I think its worth the extra effort to clean to see my son enjoy a real fruit snack so much so that he will cry when you take it from him when he has `` sucked it dry '' !!!
 We started using this feeder when my son was just 3 months old . He loved the flavor of melon , but we were uncomfortable with letting him bite on a piece of melon for fear he might choke . The baby feeder was the perfect answer.You can cut up just about anything and place it in the feeder bag . We even put lightly frozen grapes in it when my son was teething . We used it mostly for fruit , especially melon , grapes , pears , and strawberries . I will admit that it can be messy to use this feeder , but it was totally worth it to us to give our son a chance to learn to love fresh fruits . Enjoy !!!!
 Aside from the ease of feeding baby and the ability to keep baby from choking - this is a parent 's dream for dining out . My husband and I love to go to resturants but do n't think it 's fair to make other diners listen to noisy or crying children . With careful timing -LRB- ie , not near naptime , before dinner but not too far before -RRB- and this feeder we were able to resume dining out at will without disturbing other patrons or creating an insane mess for the server to clean up . By popping a variety of items from our plate in the feeder , our older daughter kept herself entertained and became used to eating out . We would feed her after we left , and she would snack on the feeder while we dined . Now we are ordering more for our second child , and our 4 year old has fantastic resturant manners because she is so used to going out and being expected to behave .
 This product easily cleans in a dishwasher . I separate the parts and put the mesh bag inside a bottle nipple basket , and the handle and ring inside the utensil holder . It always comes out clean and white .
 We first used one with our son , three years ago , and he loved it ! I honestly think that is one reason he continues to love fruit of all kinds . I could n't find the one we used for him when it was time for our daughter to try it . I searched every store I could think of ! Seems like this product really caught on ! Fortunately , I did find our original one and bought some refill mesh . Something I suggest all to do as it does stain and even if it is clean some foods -LRB- i.e. bananas -RRB- make it look not so sanitary . Wonderful for teethers or those who just ca n't handle small bits of food yet .
 This is a wonderful item , so simple that I wish I 'd thought of it . Feed baby ice , popsicle , frozen fruit for teething ; feed fruits/squishables to taste , all without worrying that something swallow-able will reach baby 's mouth & cause choking . Just as advertised , the fine mesh keeps solids in . Dishwasher gets nearly everything out , cleans the rest -- strawberry/raspberry hulls do occasionally get caught , but are easy to remove by hand once dried out.My little one particularly likes having ice cubes this way -- the cold helps her gums , & the melt-water quenches her thrist .
 I highly reccomend these feeders . Not only can you use them to get your baby eating fruits and veggies , but they 're great teethers . Just freeze/refrigerate soft foods like bananas or peaches , and they make a sweet teething treat . Whenever I see one of these on sale or still in the package at a used baby store , I grab it . I buy them new for friends all the time!The only thing I would comment on is the reccomended age on this site . 4 months is REALLY early to be starting a child on fruits and veggies . It 's only reccomended that you start your child at rice cereal from 4-6 months . Also 24 months !? You are KIDDING me right ? Thats why they break so easy , is because kid 's with teeth take one chomp and of course they 're going to break . I believe the key time for this feeder is between 6-7 - 12-13 months -LRB- of course , depending on your child ! -RRB- . Once they can eat veggies and fruits by picking them up , then they probably do n't need this all the time . However I still use them even though my kids are able to pick up their own food now , in the car , because then they do n't make a mess .
 I just recently received this item and my son loves it . He tried it with bananas first and was hooked . He 's six months old and I think he loves being able to feed himself at times . I have n't had any trouble keeping it clean so far . I absolutely recommend it .
 I saw these things when I was first shopping for baby supplies before my son was born , but thought it seemed a little bit silly . However , in the last couple of months , my son is always grabbing at everyone else 's food , but when we mash it up for him , he does n't seem as interested . With this feeder , we are able to give him the things that he is curious about , and he is able to eat it himself . I think it makes him feel big . Anyway , he loves it and I think it 's great .
 I love this item and we use it almost daily . My daughter 's eyes light up when I start filling it , she loves it that much ! She has tried many more fresh fruits and vegetables than my other kids did at her age . I even put broccoli in it and she devours it.The only downside is that the net can be difficult to clean when very small food particles are embedded . Sometimes the dishwasher does n't get it all , so it has to be scrubbed by hand in addition . For that reason , we bought three extra nets . If I have n't had time to clean one , we just grab an extra.Overall , I think this is one of the most useful baby items I 've purchased in a while . It beats feeding her nothing but food out of jars .
 This is great ! I was able to give my child many different types of foods and not worry about him choking . He loved that he could hold it himself and eat . I would not live without this tool . This is my standard baby shower gift now and have recieved many thanks for it . Wonderful . I ca n't say enough good things about it .
 I do n't have to worry about my 7 month old daughter choking on teething biscuits -LRB- which often break into tiny pieces -RRB- when I put them in the baby safe feeder . I feel that it has helped her to learn how to chew and when used with frozen foods helps her with teething .
 These are great . My baby adores gumming fruit or cooked veggies out of these . The mesh is easy to clean with the exception of bananas . Bananas are a favorite , as much more of the fruit can come through the mesh , but wow , are they hard to get out of the mesh . Just by extra mesh bags , and you 'll be fine . FYI , the NUBY mesh bags sold here are much cheaper and fit this feeder , too .
 Would n't it be nice if the fears of solid feeding could be alleviated ? How much would you pay to have some safeguard against your little one choking as they learn to eat new foods ? Would n't it be nice if there were something better than those refrigeratable rings to sooth sore , teething gums ? Now there is!After having a small choking incident , which I was able to react quickly to , I bought this to relieve some of my fears . I had heard good things about this product but this is something you HAVE to experience for yourself.I found it so nice to be able to offer my daughter bananas , grapes , potatoes , and so much more without having to worry about her taking in to big of a piece and choking . With the baby safe feeder , your child knaws or sucks on the mesh and the food is dispensed in small quantities that are safe to be swalled by little mouths.I loved this item even more when teething time came around . I could drop one or two ice cubes in the bag and my daughter would be on cloud nine . She never cared for those teething rings or other teething toys , this was it for us . She would hold onto the handle and suck cube uppon cube of ice until her pains were relieved.I think every parent should own one of these , it is inexpensive and well worth the money .
 My 6 month old hated baby cereal and jarred baby food but took to the Baby Safe Feeder right away . -LRB- Healthier , too ! -RRB- We could put whole chunks of fruit in the bag and not worry about choking or gagging . She could even eat crackers and grown-up cereal through the mesh . It was the best way to teach her to feed herself when her little fingers still were n't nimble enough to pick up small pieces . Buy at least 2 rings and plenty of mesh bags . Everything came clean when I rinsed out the chunks before putting the whole system in the dishwasher .
 Our 6 month old daughter just was n't interested in eating solid foods . Nothing . We bought this last week and now she is eating watermellon , bananas , grapes , softened green beans , I even tried cabbage -LRB- but she has her limits -RRB- . We love it and so does she !!
 My son is 8 months old and just had his first two teeth emerge . He absolutely loves this feeder . We put frozen melon and bananas in it and he is soothed . Not only is it great for the teething , but since he is interested in chewing chunkier foods it is doing double duty . It is safe to give him those chunkier foods and he can feed it to himself with this feeder , which pleases him to no end ! Wish I had bought it sooner !
 I think this is a great idea . I only used it a couple times for foods . At that time she was having trouble mastering how to hold the handle and soon after that she was able to pick up foods on her own and was pretty good at chewing . I LOVE this product for when she is teething . I put a couple ice cubes in it and wet it under the faucet so it does n't stick to her lips . She gets upset when the ice is gone . My daughter is 11 months and has been teething almost none stop since 3 months ... Currently she is cutting her first molars and this helps for her to suck on it and get the cold water back farther than a teething ring would .
 My son loves this . He eats anything out of it . It is great . He has 6 teeth already but is not used to chewing things , so when I give him the teething biscuits , he bites in to them but chokes . W / this he eats the whole thing w / out even stopping . : o -RRB- I would recommend this to EVERYONE . It also cleans pretty easily , dishwasher is great !
 This is a great item . My 12 m.o. is reluctant to chew and swallow but since I purchased this item , he 's eating teething crackers , bananas , little bits of apple . My only complaint is how difficult it is to clean the mesh bag . I 've used the toothbrush as suggested by the manufacturer and even put it through the dishwasher and it just does n't come clean . So , I virtually use a new bag with every item the baby eats . But all in all , well worth it .
 Emma LOVES trying new foods , so at dinner , we give her some of whatever we are eating ... I think it will help her to not be a picky eater in the future . We went and bought a second one so that she could have two different foods at a time . -LRB- last night it was chicken and green beans -RRB- I find that it is not that hard to clean if I stick it in a bowl of water right after she is done , and then every night I put the bowl and the feeders in the dishwasher . I have n't had problems cleaning it since I started doing that .
 This product has to be one of the best baby gadgets I 've ever received or purchased . My sister-in-law gave this to us for our 6 month old daughter . She absolutely loves it . She goes to town on melon , apples , grapes . It soothes her gums when teething and she gets some great nutrician at the same time . We take it everywhere .
 BUY THIS!it is great!but - i would have thrown it out the window after the first time we used it -LRB- bananas ! -RRB- had i not read the customer review that instructed how to clean it . it gets really messy and hard to clean UNLESS you follow the tip and soak it in oxyclean detergent and melt away all the goop . * just do n't forget to rinse rinse rinse off all the detergent residue !!!! * it is a great invention - been using it for many months with my now 11 month old son - favorites are mango , watermelon , grapes ... he had some steak tips last week ! it is a wonderful thing - just make sure you follow the cleaning tip and you 'll love it !
 To all the people who have rated this product a low score
 This is THE BEST little baby gadget yet . The first time I saw it I thought , `` What will they think of next ... '' but now that my 2 year old and nearly 1 year old are putting everything in their mouths this is an indispensable part of our home . It 's great for teething because you can stuff it with cold fruit and your baby will love sucking away while getting all the juice out of grapes , pineapple , watermelon , even strawberries ! It 's great for regular feeding too , since you can now place larger pieces of food inside to give your child a taste of such things as meat , fresh brocolli , etc. . The easy to clean mesh bag does get stained pretty quickly , I tried to boil mine clean with gentle soap and water , but after just two weeks of steady use , the carrots and bananas had stained the bag permanently . The refill package costs nearly as much as the unit itself , but it 's worth the total investment for peace of mind that your baby will NEVER choke on anything they eat through this feeder . I suggest bringing an extra along in the diaper bag -- it 's a great thing to have on trips .
 Three years ago my twin girls enjoyed a large variety of fruits and veggies . The Baby Safe Feeder was like an extra pair of hands.Now I have a 5 month old son who is teething . I purchased the Munchkin feeder because it was less expensive and I could n't find my Baby Safe Feeder.After I used it I discovered that I could n't take the bag off of the feeder to wash it . Then I realized that I would have to buy a new feeder every time I wanted a new , or clean bag . It turns out that the Baby Safe Feeder is a better buy and a superior product.Mary J from NJ
 We love our Baby Safe Feeder ! I put frozen strawberries in it when she is teething and it works miracles . Anything that makes my girl feel better when she is teething is worth a million bucks to me , and I love the security and peace of mind we get from it . And having a baby girl that smells like fresh strawberries is pretty cool too ! Beyond the teething aspect , it 's a great way to expose your baby to flavors and textures you would otherwise have to avoid for safety reasons . As a new mom I am paranoid enough - having one less thing to worry about is priceless . Get TWO !!
 I bought this for my son -LRB- now 2 -RRB- , and again for my daughter -LRB- 6 months -RRB- when she was born . I absolutely love my baby safe feeder . We do use it for food , but more often , we fill it with ice . Especially while out at restaurants . The ice works great to keep baby happy , is healthy for baby , and when teething time comes , is fantastic to sooth those sore gums.I am now buying another baby safe feeder as a gift . I love this product ! It 's inredible that so few people know about it still!I have given and will continue to give this as a gift to all new -LRB- and veteran -RRB- mom 's for baby-to-be !
 We have enjoyed this product because we can give our son interesting , solid food from our plates without worrying about him getting too big of chunks . The only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 was the price . I think a mesh bag does not need to cost $ $ $ .
 We bought this for our son , when he was just starting to mouth objects . I ended up buying two more , one for the diaper bag , one for the kitchen and one for the sitters ! We did n't use it much for food , but when he was teething , we 'd fill it with ice and let him go to town . I found that attatching this with a First Years `` toy leash '' was perfect for high-chairs at restaurants or the stroller ! This was some of the best money spent on our son when he was tiny !
 I got this for my 5 month old yesturday and she loved it immediately . She just cut her first tooth and everything has been going in her mouth but nothing was keeping her occupied . This is great because she can bite on something and also get fresh fruits . I highly recommend this for babies that have already eaten most jarred fruits and are also teething . This morning she had bananas in her feeder and went crazy , she loved them . Bananas are very hard to clean out of the mesh so I suggest buying extra just in case the banana does n't come out completely .
 I was horrified to hear your method of cleaning your babysafe feeder , not only is it disturbing that you are washing your babyies feeding utensils in something like oxi-clean it is disguisting to think that is what he is sucking on . Considering that the mesh is a porus material and you have no idea what kind of chemicals are still in there I throw mine in the dishwasher with my soap witch is all natural and have the peace of mind that anything still left could never hurt her all of my detergents and cleaning agents she could get into and swallow and maybe she would get a tummy ache do you have that peace of mind i don , t think so as to any parents out there interested in making all of the products in their homes baby friendly please email me at csauer123@excite.com
 I bought 2 of these and my girls used them for quite awhile . They can be difficult to clean , especially with bananas . But , they are great with teething babies or with babies that want to eat big people food . It 's much safer than chunks of food ! Very worth their price !
 We adore this product ! -LSB- . -RSB- When we go out to eat , i put a lemon or other type of fruit in it and my 9 month old will chew on it for the whole meal . It not only gives him something to play with but something cold to gnaw on when he is teething !
 We bought one for my 6 month old and he loves it as much as we do . We take it when we go out to eat and it keeps him busy for ages . We can put all kinds of foods in it and he just loves to suck and chew on it . It allows us to give him foods he would otherwise have to wait months to try . Plus we do not have to worry about him choking . Cleaning the mesh is a pain but the product is well worth the effort
 Nice product . Innovative and simple . I really like it . Best for feeding soft fruits like grapes etc to a 4-7 month old . No risk of choking . Great product .
 This was great for my twin girls . One was a little slow with solid foods , and would gag when trying to eat any type of adult food ... cheerios , crackers , french fries , etc. . This works great . I have used it with fruit , cookies , teething biscuits . Definitely recommend this product .
 This is awesome . My 51/2 month old son has a great time discovering foods with this , but it is SO hard to clean . Bananas are the big toughie .
 This is one of the best products ! I cut up fresh fruit and stick a couple of pieces in and give it to my son -LRB- 7 mos . -RRB- and it would keep him distracted for a while . I would give it to him in his high chair and could get a lot done around the kitchen while he was sucking . I was comfortable with this as I knew I could turn my back and he would n't choke ! Another thing we do is stick an ice cube in it and he loves it , and it is n't very messy to clean up ! I will definitely reccommend this product !!
 I have been personally buying this for everybody I know that are having a baby or planning to have a baby.Love this , my son is hooked on fruits now!K
 A wonderful product . I 've just read the enclosed literature and replacements for the refill are available at a reasonable price . I strongly recommend this product for anyone with a baby !!! It can be used for both feeding foods that pose a choking hazard and for teething by simply using frozen fruits such as grapes !
 I really like this feeder . My little one does n't make such a big mess now when he 's eating his `` biter biscuts '' with this . I would recommend it !
 Well , I think this is the best thing ever . My son started using it around 6 months . He started showing an interest in `` big people food '' , so I figured this would be a great way for him to explore new tastes ! He has had bananas , meat sticks , diced fruits and vegetables , ice cubes , cheerios and all sorts of crackers/biscuits ! In my opinion , it is n't hard to clean , it just takes some time ! What do you expect though ? A tiny mesh bag that food has just been sucked out of , c'mon , be patient ! And for those of you who did n't rate it high because your children were n't interested in it , thats just bad luck :-RRB- I would say that it depends on how picky your child is ! Our son will try anything once ! Thanks for coming up with such a great idea ! This is my shower gift from here on out!Thanks Again!Mommy to Hayden !
 I love this feeder ! My 5 month old is able to chew on apples and grapes without me worrying if he 'll choke . It 's good for teething , and for introducing baby to chewing solids . He loves it too ! I highly recommend using this product !
 If you ever want to go to a restuarant while your children are just off the bottle and does not have a full set of teeth this is great.If you have a long car-ride this is great.If you just are afraid of your child choking this is great.The one thing we did to improve it is add a ribbon to it so the child can not throw it far away or paint the walls easily with it .
 I bought this when my daughter was 61/2 months . It is the best product I could have spent money on . My daughter can sit with us at dinner and eat whatever is in there . I have put fruit , popsicles , meat , french fries , baby cookies and vegetables in there . I am always looking for what else I could put in there . Now when she see it , she get 's excited b/c she knows that something good is in there and I do n't have to worry about if she is going to choke on it.Did I mention that it keeps them occupied for quite a while ? I can leave the room and do other things , and she does n't care : - -RRB- I highly recommend this for any one with a baby or toddler . I too have informed mothers that this is the item to buy .
 I really love this product . My son is teething and I cut bananas into chunks and freeze them , then place them in the feeder . He goes ballistic ! And it feels good on his gums too!I 've given him watermelon , cantelope , all kinds of fruit in it . Definitely worth the money . My only reservation is cleaning . It 's a little hard to get spic and span , even with the dishwasher , but it 's worth the extra effort too !
 This is nice to give a little one . You can put a piece of fruit in it and they can suck on the fruit and not chock .
 My six month old was always reaching for any fruit I was eating . So I bought these and put in small slices of peaches , nectarines , and frozen pieces of pears and he loves it ! They are easy to use and clean . Just turn inside out and rinse or throw in the dishwasher . The bags get a little stained from the fruit juices but who cares ? My baby does n't . : -RRB-
 My son started using this around six months , and he really enjoys it . He DOES get messy if he eats something sticky or juicy like banana or watermelon , but whatever ... Anyway , I also had trouble cleaning it , until I tried scrubbing it with a nail or vegetable brush . -LRB- I am always a little suspicious of something you soak and then it comes out looking white and clean - maybe you just whitened the gunk so you ca n't see it ? So I prefer to physically clean it first . -RRB- That works pretty well . It takes some time , but not as much as it would take to run food through a food mill or blender , or cut it up , then clean it up off him , the chair , the floor , the dog , me , well you get the picture .
 The bag is a little tricky to clean -LRB- thanks for the oxyclean tip , Billy Mays RIP ! -RRB- ... otherwise , this thing is fantastic ! Ok , so -- it makes a mess ... or do I just have a messy baby ??? She winds up with fruit all over her , and what did I throw in it tonight ? BLUEBERRIES , brilliant , just brilliant . Especially since she was wearing our favorite outfit . Maybe the Oxyclean will be doing double duty tonight?The handle is perfect for their little hands , the thing freezes to keep the fruit/veggies cold ... and it 's good for a `` snacker '' on the go . When we run errands , I always have chunks of frozen fruit with us to throw in and give her when hungry . Also , a pacifier attacher-thing also works for this , so you can ensure it is n't being thrown across the car/store/etc . I would n't do avocados in it though ... they are too thick and wo n't go thru the bag . Too bad , my little one loves avocados !
 OK , my son is probably like most kids , wanted to try everything we were eating . These are great ! You can put pretty much anything in there and they can just gnaw away , it is so great for when they are teething , put frozen mango , banana , etc. inside . And when you are first doing solids , if you do n't want to buy yucky jarred food , fresh is best and way cheaper -LRB- and much better than starting with cereal -RRB- . Buy extra mesh bags , organic whole foods , and you are set .
 I became so exited when I read all the great reviews on this product . I went and bought two . One for me and another for grandma . Well , first day I put some fruit in it and my 6 month old seemed to love it , but he did not keep it in his mouth for very long . The next day he outright refused it ! He would only chew on the handle , and whenever I tried to put it in his mouth he would cry . He would rather try to hold the food himself and eat it , but I am terrified of him choking . Has this happened to anyone , and if so , did they eventually use it if you keep on trying ? I hope he will eventually use it because he loves teething biscuits , but he will bite large chunks out of it and I have to fish it out of his mouth .
 My baby loves this feeder . She just turned 6 months old and the baby feeder can keep her busy and satisfied , when other items such as , teethers and blankies , get old . In order to help me clean it , I bought a small inexpensive toothbrush . It really helps the cleaning process . So I would definitely recommend it .
 This is one of the best baby products ever ! My 9 month old daughter is very high needs and this is the only thing that will keep her occupied for more than 30 minutes . It not only gives her healthy , fresh snacks to eat but it gives me much needed free time to do things like cook dinner . I wish I would have purchased this for my now 4 year old son when he was small . He nearly choked to death on a meat stick . I plan on buying more to always have a clean one on hand .
 They 're great . I gave them to my triplets when they were younger . I put melon , fresh fruit , strawberries , and veggies in there . It really helped their love of fruit and veggies ! I 've got about 8 of these at least ! I keep one at the diaper bag so I can feed the baby on outings ! It even seems to really hold the juice in it .
 Just make sure you wash it right away . Otherwise , you 'll find yourself wishing you did . This is a great thing to take to relatives houses , or on outings . You 'll be able to give your baby almost anything . Mine has had banana 's , strawberries , hot dogs , and orange slices . It all fits in there , and they ca n't choke . It 's great ... a must have for any mom .
 My independent 7 month old wants to feed himself . We tried giving him tiny bits of food , crackers , and teething biscuits but he would inevitably gag on some piece . I read the reviews on this product and bought it for him . I LOVE IT ! He can now eat fruit , vegetables , and crackers without gagging . We give him his teether whenever we eat dinner -LRB- home or at restaurants -RRB- . We get a peaceful meal , he gets a variety of nutritous snacks -LRB- which keep him entertained and happy -RRB- , and we all get to eat together as a family . I will definitely buy this for future baby showers . Much thanks to the maker of this product !
 My six month old son would not eat anything off a spoon or out of a bottle . Finally I tried mixing baby cereal and putting it in this . Then I mixed cereal and babyfood and/or mashed food . He loves it ! No gagging either ! I 'm here now buying the replacement bags .
 These are great ! Got these to go with the Sassy Baby Food Nurser . Nice to not have to worry on the baby chocking on his food .
 These replacement bags are well made . I have not actually had to replace the bag yet , because the bags are much sturdier than I thought they would be and because I 'm not squeamish about discoloration because I 'm so persnickety about cleaning that I feel confident that any staining that is left is merely discoloration and nothing to be concerned about . But , if you are squeamish , buy these replacement bags .
 These are good replacement bags for the Sassy teething feeder . While it 's fantastic that you can wash the feeder bags after a while they get kind of icky . It 's a great idea to get these at the same time you get the feeder . Fantastic for soothing teething babies .
 Very strong mesh bags unlike the ones I had for my first baby , the first four chompers will not shred these !
 I will give this review 5 stars because I love the product . However , I ca n't buy the replacements here . I wanted 5 replacement packs , total would be less than eight dollars ... and the shipping charge is almost 25 bucks !! That is outrageous . They do n't even weigh anything . I think something needs to be adjusted here .
 My grandson loves this ! He is able to try different foods and I do not have to worry about him choking !
 These mesh bags have been great for starting my baby on solids , introducing new fruits , and teething ! She loves to chew on the bag , and the handle is perfect for tiny hands . The bags do need to be cleaned immediately , and they are a little tricky to get banana out of . I found I had to change them out frequently with banana use , but they are cheap so it works !
 I couldnt wait to feed my child real food so i bought this it is great to put food in . The juices and small pieces come right through great . It works the best with bananas . The only thing it is hard to clean and keep clean i had to buy these refills due to the mesh refills are hard to clean.copy and paist this video to check it out in action -LSB- ... -RSB-
 You must have these with the feeder . They make is possible to let the used one dry while you use a fresh bag .
 As any parent knows teaching a baby to eat can be a steep , uphill battle . After 3 months of trying and a fair share of gagging I decided to try this feeder . Hallelujah ! Although our son may not like the taste of food , given the smirk on his face , he will eat using the Baby Safe Feeder . This product gave us one of our first meals where he has eaten without gagging or giving us a fight . The other brands may be a little cheaper but this product is made , assembled and packaged in the USA . Do n't believe however that this wo n't be messy . Our little guy likes to bang and squeeze this mesh bag as much as he likes to suck and chew on it . Buying extra bags and feeders are recommended in case it is dropped .
 The baby safe feeder is an excellent product . I do n't know why The Toys R Us Store makes it so hard to purchase it . ANY TIME I GO TO A STORE TO PURCHASE A FEEDER . `` THEY ARE ALWAYS OUT OF STOCK '' . They seem to want yo carry other products of lesser quality . Shame on you Toys R Us .
 this is a GREAT thing to have around when your baby is teething ! Put ice in the bag , and although your baby 's shirt or bib may get pretty wet , the COLD of the ice really numbs their gums and brings back the smile !
 I rec 'd this product from a cousin in the usa . I think this is the greatest thing ever created . I wish that every parent should have this product . If you have a chance to try this , you will not regret it . pls buy one if you have a chance .
 If you have the feeder set that these replacement bags go with , this is a must have . I strongly feel that this is something every parent should have . It enables you to feed your child safely and allow them to have a wide variety of tastes .
 my son is six week 's old and l use this on hes swing , bouncer and hes carseat already came with one ... it helps alot ! andl think every new mom should have one !
 While this is a wonderful product , I found that I did not use it , because almost all of my babies large items , i.e. , swing , carrier , had a head rest included .
 We originally bought this for our car seat , but then transferred it to our bouncy chair . It allowed us to use the bouncy chair with our young infant without worrying about him slouching to the side of the chair . My only complaint is that I washed it with a towel and now it has little white balls all over it .
 This is one of the better headrests that I 've come across . I like that it can be used for newborns and adjusted for larger infants . The selection of colors are nice to have and the headrest seems to clean up pretty easily . My son looks and acts very comfortable while using this . I 'd buy it again if I had to !
 I love this product . It holds my son 's head up straight and let 's him sleep without his head flopping everywhere . I have the Chambray color but it 's still the same product . I suggest having 2 on hand . 1 in the carseat and 1 in a swing or bouncer . Also , if baby spits up on 1 , then you have another to use while you are washing the first one .
 l 'm a new mom my son is six week 's old and l use this Double headrest on the swing , bouncer , carseat . . and it work 's prettygood , l think every new mom should have one cause it helps thebaby 's head not to go everywhere .
 I have read reviews and they say that the extra material hasnt been crash tested with carseats . Well what about the extra material of a baby snowsuit ? Thats never stopped anyone from putting it on their child and then snapping them into the carseat with ALL THAT EXTRA MATERIAL INTERFERRING . So therefor , this headrest is great to have to support babies head .
 I found this double headrest to be very helpful and versatile . It worked well in the swing , bouncer , and car seat .
 I bought one of these in ecru which matched my plaid print infant travel system perfectly . The two sizes were a wonderful option as my newborn had a very small head and his head would have been flopping around without the additional headrest . As he grew and gained more control of his head I removed the interior headrest and continued using the large -LRB- outer -RRB- headrest which he has recently outgrown . He had developed perfect head and neck control/strength well before he outgrew it.I recommend this to all moms and dads to be . Buy it , use it , you will not regret it . It is well made , launders perfectly , and it is super soft . This mommy of 3 LOVES it . The best out there!People who say they are unsafe
 This headrest is perfect . Since day one my daughter has been comfy using this . When she was teeny tiny the insert kept her head from flopping forward . Now that she is bigger we use it without the insert and she 's still happy . At 4 months she has wonderful head control , but I would n't put her in her carseat without this . I tried the head rest that came with her Graco car seat and it was terrible . It sort of lets her head roll all over when we carry her from the house to the car . For a small baby I would n't even think about using the flimsy headrest they give you with the seat .
 I bought this for my sister when she was pregnant and was still living at home . I am very close to her so I had the baby all the time . It was absolutely a lifesaver in the carseat because i didnt have to worry about his little head slumped over especially when he was a newborn and couldnt hold his head up by himself . I would definately suggest this , and for -LSB- the price -RSB- its a great thing to give your baby some comfort and you peace of mind that their head isnt rolling everywhere . it washes beautifully too ! With my own little one on the way i 've put 2 on my registry .
 This product was a lifesaver when I brought my daughter home from the hospital . She looked so small in the car seat that I was worried her head would move around too much while the car was in motion . After using this in the car seat , my worries were gone . It cushioned her head from bobbing all over the place .
 I notice that a couple of reviews say something like , `` do n't use this product because it was n't crash tested with your car seat . '' These reviews then follow up with , `` use a rolled up receiving blanket , etc. . . '' Note
 I have one of these for our 3.5 month old baby . We 've been using it since the day she came home from the hospital , and have no complaints.Good Things :1 -RRB- Very easy to move between car seat , stroller , swing , bike trailer - has velcro tabs that bend around the shoulder straps of whatever harness you are using .2 -RRB- Machine washable and dryable . -LRB- At least , we dried it in the machine -RRB- 3 -RRB- Insert easy to remove when baby is big enough .4 -RRB- Different colors so you can match things .6 -RRB- Stays secure with velcro - does n't slide around and baby ca n't play with it , try to eat it , remove it , or choke on it .7 -RRB- Has a notch cut into the seat part so that the harness for whatever you are hooking it too can buckle easily without bunching up the fabric.Bad Things : Well , potentially only this one : I understand another reviewers words of caution about not using products built specifically for your car seat - but I do not think this particular one would compromise the safety of your baby - but I 'm also not a car safety seat inspector .
 When it comes to picking the perfect set of crib bedding for a new baby there 's a lot to take into consideration . One of the more difficult aspects is finding a theme you love and will enjoy through the first couple of years as your baby transitions from crib to toddler bed . Sometimes those adorable little baby animals and such are n't so adorable when your toddler is hitting that stage where they want to be a big kid.Because I purchased a convertable crib with intentions of using it as a toddler bed I wanted to avoid any liscensed characters . Care Bears and such are cute but what if my two-year-old hates them ? Best stick to something a bit more simple.I looked at hundreds of crib sets before I was certain this was the one for me but I 'll be honest , I bought it because it has froggies on it . I wanted something that was pink and green instead of the pink and chocolate brown that is everywhere these days . I like the brown but it 's not a `` baby '' color in my eyes . If you 're looking for a set without the browns this one is all white and light pink gingham at its base . What is hard to tell by the photo is that there is a very soft chenille-like white fabric that makes up most of the white parts , it looks and feels high quality.If you 're into unicorns or butterflies they feature big in this set but the castles and crowns make it a very princessy set . As I noted before I bought it for the frogs . I 'm a frog collector and when I saw that this set met all my other desires and featured cute little frogs with gold crowns I was smitten . The saying `` All your dreams will come true ... '' is featured on both the comforter and bumper . There are also a few silver embroidered stars on these items which in my opinion add to it looking like a much pricier set than it actually is.I think the set would probably look best in a white crib but mine is espresso brown and it looks just fine . I read several reviews of this set online before picking it and as many noted the picture does not do it justice ! This is a very pretty and well made set.I would like to note , however , that I also purchased the mobile and do not like it . It is cheaply made and costs a lot for what you get . Otherwise I think this is a terrific theme and very versatile set .
 My wife is of tiny structure - moreover during her pregnancy developed diabetes , was on diet and became tinier ... it was difficult for her to manage herself and she got sleepless nights . We tried several other pillows but we were not completely satisfied . We thought of giving this a try ... and it really did wonder . My wife often tells me that this was the best purchase during her pregnancy.Highly recommended
 I really love my DEX pillow . When it first arrived I was a little worried that it would be too small . In fact , I love that it 's not very bulky . It 's just the right size for supporting my stomach and it packs well in a suitcase .
 My daughter is pregnant with twins and it was getting to be very difficult for her to sleep . This is a very small wedge , but I do n't think you 'd want something any bigger or softer to support a growing belly . She was using it mostly on the couch while using a microbead body pillow in bed . When she was admitted into the hospital at 31 weeks in pre-term labor , this was the first thing she asked her husband to bring . She has made it another week and this little pillow gets a constant workout . Sometimes it is under her belly . Sometimes it is wedged into her back . Sometimes it just helps to support the arm that has the IV in it . We are hoping to make it another 4 weeks or more , so I think I got my money 's worth out of this . I 'm glad I found something to make her a bit more comfortable.ETA
 This is great and for the price no reason not to get it , even you do n't THINK you 're having problems sleeping . My legs were aching before I got it . GET IT . GET IT . GET IT . -LRB- If you 're pregnant . -RRB- I do NOT sleep without it , ever .
 I was about 26 weeks pregnant when I got this pillow . I had been waking up with a sore lower back in the morning even though I was sleeping on my side with a body pillow - I thought I was well supported . My chiropractor recommended a pregnancy wedge . This one was my choice because it was small and cheap . It is really nice . I no longer wake up with a sore back . This wedge is small , but perfectly sized and is nice an firm so it does n't just collapse under your belly , it really supports well . I still use the body pillow but put this under that.I have n't used it for breastfeeding yet , but I 'll try to figure out a way to use it since I have it anyway .
 I got this pillow during my 2nd trimester & it was a lifesaver -LRB- back-saver -RRB- . Due to the wedge-shape , it puts as much support as you need under your belly to keep back & hip pain at bay . This was much better than trying to squish my body pillow under my belly & constantly having to reposition it to get it to stay in place . Now into my 3rd trimester , I need to add a pillow between my legs to stay comfortable at night . Hubby loves this smaller pillow b/c it does n't crowd him out of the bed like the full-size body pillow ! The price is so much better than all of those other `` pregnancy '' pillows , too .
 Before I bought this pillow for my wife she could never get comfortable and was up 5 or 6 times a night . She was constantly tossing and turning , she had tried other pillows and none of them worked . This product is a must for Pregnant women and their HUSBANDS ! Do n't wait to order this get it as early in your pregnancy as possible it will save you a lot of sleepless nights .
 As a father , I remember well how uncomfortable my wife was during the latter months of both her pregnancies . While shopping for a back support for myself , I ran across this item and purchased it for my daughter , who was in the final month of her first pregnancy . She said it was very beneficial and afforded her some comfort and allowed her longer periods of sleep .
 This pillow does help when your belly feels heavy and pulls when you are trying to rest on your side . I have trouble sleeping with it for some reason although the bigger I get the more helpful it is . I need more support than just for the belly so I have preferred sleeping with a body pillow . I was a bit disappointed with how small it is . I was hoping that it would be wider so that I could use it to sleep off center on my back as well . But it is helpful and every bit of help makes a difference !
 I bought this pillow on a whim not having much faith since it was only $ 9.99 . It was the best money ever spent ! I have always been a left-side sleeper so I did n't think sleeping while pregnant would be difficult . By my 5th month I my would wake up with my hips aching . Just wedging the pillow under my side would make all the difference in the world .
 I love this pillow . It is just enough to level off my stomach and keep it from hanging to the side while I sleep . A must have for last few months .
 I loved this pillow when I was pg ! I even took it to the hospital with me and used it while I was in labor . Such a relief . It supported my huge belly perfectly . I even recommend buying two , one for between your knees.I either give this to or recommend this to all of my newly pg friends ! My friend is now pg with twins and loves this pillow ! Looks are deceiving , it was a lifesaver !
 I admit that I first looked into this product because it was a lot less expensive than the rest of the pregnancy pillows , but I ended up being extremely happy with my choice . When I was using pillows , moving them all became very frustrating . The small size of this product allowed me to roll over easily , and it did n't take up nearly as much room in the bed . Now that my stomach is so big that it does n't need support , I use it between my legs . Sometimes I still roll over on my back , but at least I am sleeping again , thanks to this product !
 I mainly bought this pillow because of all the wonderful reviews . I normally have back problems and with my growing belly they were only getting worse ! I was probably waking up at least 6-8 times a night to adjust my position . Like most people said , it takes a night or two to get used to , but after that , I do n't even notice it except that my back does NOT hurt !! Now I just wake up to use the bathroom ! :-RRB- Thanks for a great pillow-go buy it !!
 I 've been using this pillow for the past 4 nights under my belly and it provides just the right amount of extra support for sleeping on my side . Overall , I 've been sleeping better . Before the pillow , I would end up rolling and pressing on my stomach , baby would start kicking , but this pillow prevents that . Plus , the small size is ideal and does not invade on my husband 's space . For the price , this is a great find .
 The wedge shape and smaller size work well for under tummy support when you 're lying on your side . It works fairly well between your knees but can easily slip out . The removeable cover launders well .
 I started using this pillow around the 4-5th month of pregnancy because my back would hurt as my stomach hung over while I slept on my side . This gave the support that allowed my stomach to not pull down on my back , which made me very comfortable . I continued to use it through out my pregnancy and it really helped . What was wonderful about it is that it gave support , but it still left room for my husband in bed ! The only thing that kept it from being 5 stars is that by the 9th month , the narrow end of the pillow began to flatten and slightly curl , but not enough to make it uncomfortable if I remembered to flip it over each night .
 As a mom and a Doula I can not recommend this product enough !!!! First as a mom who birthed babies over 10 pounds , the last trimester was miserable until I found this product which allowed me to get some much need sleep , in at least some comfort.As a doula I recommend all my clients get one to well into their second trimester , to be prepared early.Once the baby is born I found it was extrememly helpful , when my babies had colds and needed to be slightly elevated . It fit nicely in their cradle.Highly recommend
 I just have to comment on this wonderful pillow ! I am 6.5 months pg with our first child and could n't find anything to help me sleep ... Until I purchsed this pillow.Before I bought it I checked the review on it and like the other poster said , when I first saw it I was a bit skeptical because of it 's small size . However , I went ahead and tried it out and it is great ! I could even easily roll over to the other side and move the pillow with me without waking up my husband . You can move it in and out to have as little or as much support that you need for your growing belly.If you are considering buying this I would definately recommend at least trying it !
 At 81/2 months pregnant , I 've been using this pillow for 3 months . Before buying it , I 'd tried every pillow in the house , but , like Goldilocks , I found one to be too small -LRB- feathers mushed down under belly 's weight -RRB- and one to be too big -LRB- standard bedpillows and toss pillows were like boulders under there -RRB- . This one turned out to be JUST RIGHT.The best thing about it is that you can turn it on a diagonal or push it in or out to allow for changing weight distribution . I 've developed DSP -LRB- separation of the pelvic joint -RRB- and this pillow is the only thing that allows me to sleep in any sort of comfort . I can sometimes go without the knees pillow , and sometimes without the upper arm pillow , and sometimes without the back pillow , but I can not sleep without my Pregnancy Pillow Deluxe under my growing baby!Buy one ! You 'll be glad you did !
 I love this pillow . I bought one of those Snoogles ... which was awful . It was so cumbersome and hard to turn over , etc. . Plus , my husband had to sleep on the couch . I saw this and decided to try it out . I have n't slept without it since . I am now in my 9th month and have used this for about the past three . It takes the pressure off of my belly and allows me to rest comfy . I was a stomach sleeper and this fools my brain into thinking I am on my stomach . Highly recommend !
 This has been such a help . I would take with a grain of salt the review below that claims using this product was like `` putting a triangular shaped brick under my hip '' -- this person was obviously using it incorrectly , because it does n't go under your hip . When placed correctly under your belly , it precisely reverses the anatomical physics that cause your back to hurt while sleeping during pregnancy -LRB- torque of the belly area while the hips and shoulders try to stay aligned -RRB- . While I agree it could be a little wider , it is a terrific value . Its small size has been nice in that it makes it a lot easier to roll over and re-position the pillow on the opposite side .
 This product is such a simple concept that I hesitated buying it . I figured , surely I could find something around the house to alleviate the pull of my tummy as I lay on my side . But nothing works as well as this . It 's so simple and so small and I sleep much more comfortably with it . It is a little firm , as other reviews mention , but I do n't mind . Definitely worth the money .
 When I first took it out of the box , I thought `` this looks too small to be effective ! '' But the small size means it supports my 21 week belly while not getting in the way of my upper body or legs as I lay on my side with my legs pulled up . As my belly gets bigger , I shove a little more of the small end under me , and it supports me perfectly . A must have !
 I would list my `` wedgie '' as one of the top `` got ta have it '' pregnancy items . Although the Pregnancy Pillow Deluxe is not very big , it provided belly comfort in a big way . I 'd like to see them increase the size , especially since it got crushed down a bit over the last several months of my pregnancy , but then again , it was DEFINITELY better than anything else I came across . Get one , it 's worth it . Oh yes , and it works well after pregnancy to raise the head side of your crib when you want your baby 's head up when he has a cold !
 I started using `` the wedge '' at about 17 weeks when my round ligaments began hurting and my back was being twisted to sleep in a position that did not hurt . I do not even think about sleeping somewhere without this thing ! I read the reviews prior to buying it and decided it would be worth my $ 10 , and believe me , it would be worth it if the thing was $ 40 !! I love it ! I have taken it on vacation with me and everything -- and its not too big to pack . Who would think that a hunk of foam could be such a lifesaver ?
 I bought this pillow when I was five months pregnant because I could not get comfortable at night because I always felt like I would roll over onto my stomach and hurt the baby . I am now seven and a half months pregnant and absolutely love it . That was the best ten dollars I have ever spent . When I first bought it I did not have a really big belly and I thought I do n't need this I can just use a regular pillow . There is no comparison . This pillow makes it very easy for you to get comfortable . It also allows you to turn a little towards your stomach for comfort .
 I used this product which was given to me as a gift by a friend with my first pregnancy and loved it so much that I also used it through my second pregnancy . I highly recommend the Pregnancy Pillow Deluxe because pregnancy can be uncomfortable enough especially the last few months and using this pillow helps relieve the weight and stress of your belly and back during sleep or just when you are laying on the couch watching TV or resting !
 I had that problem where the pubic bone seperates -LRB- as do all women -RRB- but it 's suppose to stretch then go back . . Mine would n't go back and It would lock and I literally could not move . Not due to pain but unless that falls back into place you CA N'T SIT UP . It happens while sleeping . THIS PILLOW helped . It did n't take what was happening away but it was far less uncomfortable . I loved it . It supported my belly and made some who was a veteran belly sleeper into being ok with side sleeping . It 's hard to adjust your sleeping after doing it one way for so long . This way made it much easier . I do n't know how women sleep with those HUGE cheese curl looking things lol .
 Inspite of the negative reviews I still bought one and I 'm glad I did . I 'm 24 weeks along and it 's GREAT for using under the stomach for extra support . I have n't used it for my legs cause I 'm enjoying it too much for my stomach . I do n't go anywhere without it . It 's great !!!!!
 This is a great pillow that allows me to be more comfortable at night . Because of it 's shape it is n't too big or small . The reason it did not get 5 stars is that the skinny edge looses it 's shapea little . I 'm sure it is because I `` shove '' it under my belly 100 times a night .
 I so love this pillow , I bought it yesterday on a desperate whim . . I had n't read the reviews but after weeks of terrible sleep and moaning and groaning , anything would be a miracle . So I 'm proud to report that last night , at 29 weeks pregnant , I slept through the night , with the exception of my bathroom runs . . I feel better this morning then I have in DAYS !
 I first bought this pillow when I was only 4 months pregnant and did not find it very useful . HOWEVER , as my belly got bigger and bigger -LRB- expecting twins -RRB- this pillow became very , very handy and very comfortable . It is light and in the middle of the night when I was trying to turn over , it was nice not to worry about a big bulky pillow . Helps take the weight off .
 I bought this when I was about 20 weeks pregnant and trying to force myself to lie on my side , which was very uncomfortable for me and not my preferred sleeping position . A lot of friends recommended the snoogle pillow , but I did n't want something so expensive -- or so cumbersome in my bed . This has been perfect . It 's not very big or intrusive , and it does the job well . I am sleeping much , much better . I love using it as suggested to offer support under my belly when sleeping on my side . Depending on the angle I use it , I can lie more toward my stomach or entirely on my side . Either way , all I need is one more pillow between my legs and I am comfortable for a long night 's sleep . I also sometimes find it helpful to nap with it under my lower back to place me at a slight angle but still essentially on my back when I 'm having some hip or back pain . I 'm not sure how much longer that will be comfortable , but I love it for now . Definitely give this a try and see if it will suit before you going with something bigger and more expensive .
 I have severe lower back damage and sleep leaned against a hot water bottle every night.I had a problem with the bottle sliding from where it needs to be.I started researching wedge pillows , but just could n't justify paying $ 50 + on one.Then I came across this little gem.DEX Products Pregnancy Pillow PP-01I was n't sure how it would work for me , but I took a gamble and ordered 2 since they were only $ 10 . I am so happy I did ! One works perfectly in bed with my hot waterbottle ... keeps it right in place all night long ! The other I use in the car and on the couch for support!The covers are great as they are sturdy cotton that can be removed and washed ... anothergreat bonus !
 This is the best 20.00 that I have ever spent . I am 6 months pregnant and have had horrible lower back pains . I was sleeping with a mountain of pillows and hot pads and I was having the most awful time sleeping . I read the reviews for this product and it was so inexpensive , thought maybe it was too good to be true . It does take a bit of getting used to at first . But I have no back pain at all when I sleep . I do n't even need a heating pad . You 'll have to find the right place to sleep with it . And I agree with the other reviews , it would be nice if it was wider . Do n't waste your money on the fancy pregnancy pillows , this is where it is at !
 I read all the bad reviews and bought it anyway . Why ? I was looking for a nice compact wedge to put on my lap when I read heavy or oversized books in bed . This is perfect ! Just the right size and slant , and just what I wanted ! For those not happy with it for its intended purpose , there still is good use for it if you like to read in bed .
 This is a wonderful pillow to sleep with while pregnant . It fits comfortably under your belly and is small enough to turn over with during the night . I used a body pillow for my first pregancy and found that this was much better and easier to roll over with when trying to get comfortable . I would recommend this pillow to anyone who is pregnant and would like to get some sleep !
 I 'm pregnant with twins and have found it impossible to sleep comfortably since about 4 months along . The wedge supports my belly while I sleep so it does n't put pressure on my already-aching lower back . I actually got two so I do n't have to move it when I roll over at night . I do n't think I 'd survive this pregnancy without my wedge pillows . Highly recommended .
 I 've been using this for 2 weeks now and have no complaints . I 'm 31 weeks pregnant and use this pillow to prop my self up while lying on my side and reading in bed . Also I use it wedged a little at my back when I sleep on my side to remind me in the middle of the night not to roll onto my back .
 I have GERD so I ordered this for under my head because it 's cheaper than a bed wedge . It 's much too small , but I have short legs so it 's great for behind my back when sitting . I now have also orderd a bed wedge for sleeping .
 Bought this item for my wife during her pregnancy and it 's one of the pillows that she actually used the entire time . This was the best ten dollars I spent on a pillow ever .
 This convenient wedge pillow is resonably priced . It really helped my wife during her pregnancy to alleviate a lot of pain from stretching , cramping , and movement . Plus , the foam cushioning on the inside of the pillow conforms to about every position imaginable . This fact made it versatile as a either a cushion or a pillow for many other purposes including resting , sitting , and driving just to name a few -LRB- so much in fact we bought another -RRB- .
 I used this during 2 pregnancies , and found it somewhat useful as a belly prop when side-sleeping . With both kids , though I found it more useful while nursing a newborn . During the first few weeks/months of nursing , I would put this behind the baby 's back to help prop him up on his side a little when he was too young to hold himself up , so that we could do the ` nursing while mom lies -LRB- sleeps -RRB- on her side ' thing . It worked really well for this because it gives just enough of a ` prop ' and is short enough that it only holds their mid-section & legs up close , but still allows their head to move freely . That way baby can still detach from nursing freely when they choose , and does n't have their face shoved into mom in a way that could interfere with air circulation/breathing , but they do n't fall over away from mom since they ca n't really hold themselves up normally , much less when relaxed from middle of the night nursing . Hope I 've explained his so it makes sense !
 I purchased this product late in my third trimester . It was so inexpensive and I was having so much trouble sleeping that I knew I did n't have anything to lose in trying it . I did n't think it would do much , but this little wedge has done WONDERS for me ! I went from tossing and turning uncomfortably all night to sleeping soundly almost all night -LRB- except having to get up to pee ! -RRB- I use it under my belly , which allows me to finally get comfortable on my side . I am a back/belly sleeper normally and could never figure out how to make side sleeping work . I also wedge it behind my back if I find myself rolling onto my back a lot -- it keeps me from rolling over . This pillow has worked way better for me than putting pillows between my legs , and way better than a body pillow . Another reviewer mentioned that this helped her with pelvic pain , and it did the same for me ! No more excruciating pains when I get out of bed , and much better throughout the day!I ca n't recommend this product enough , and only wish I had purchased it sooner ! Really , what do you have to lose at this price ? It 's worth a try .
 I was worried that this pillow might be too small to be helpful , but it is just right . I am 20 wks PG and have multiple medical conditions that cause pain , sleep disruption , etc. even when not PG . The pregnancy has exacerbated all of that , so I was desperate for a little relief . I always sleep in the middle of a `` nest '' of pillows anyway -LRB- different types . . regular , memory foam , etc. -RRB- , but nothing helped like this . It 's not a magic bullet , but definitely worth the $ $ for some relief .
 I like this pillow for my tummy . It arrived when I was 20 weeks pregnant -LRB- just in time since at 20 wks you have to stop sleeping on your back -RRB- ; however , as the tummy quickly expanded and I started rolling over at night , this pillow was not enough . I now use the large J shaped body pillow and am very happy with that because it provides the back support I need but I still use this wedge pillow for under my tummy . I would recommend this product .
 I bought this for my partner who was not comfortable sleeping at night . I looked at many different options , but decided on this one . I felt `` cheap '' buying it because it was very inexpensive , but it worked great for her ! She loves it !!
 I do n't know how anyone can complain about this pillow . I purchased it when I was 5 months pregnant , because I was having such horrible hip problems that I could not walk -LRB- partially due to a previous injury -RRB- . This pillow -LRB- along with a great chiropractor -RRB- saved me from being bedridden . Some people say it 's too small , but for what I used it for -LRB- between my knees -RRB- , it was PERFECT ! I could toss and turn in bed without making a spectacle out of myself . You can not spend your $ 10 more wisely during your pregnancy , in my opinion !
 I bought a wedge shaped pillow other brand though and it was the best pregnancy purchase I made . For the belly or back it was for me essential from week 27 and after the delivery also perfect for support . I had a c section and it got the belly off the wound so I could sleep . Perfect for the back for the airplane .
 I have struggled to sleep with the usual wedge for my allergies and sinus issues . I wanted a smaller wedge to use with my extra firm pillow , and this does the trick well . The doctor is happy because I am able to breathe better with this little bit of lift , and I am happy because I feel like I can actually lay down and not feel like I am sitting up to sleep !
 This pillow is smaller than a standard sized bed pillow . It is just enough to wedge under my hip & keep me off of my vena cava -LRB- now 7 months along . -RRB- It does not solve all of my comfort issues , but it gives me peace of mind that I 'm not laying flat while I sleep -LRB- which I find myself doing without it . -RRB- It seems like it will fit perfectly in my bassinet after the baby is here to elevate her head . And when I 'm done using it for that , it will make a perfect knee-separator pillow . I have already gotten my $ 10 worth & forsee using it for a long time to come .
 I think we bought this for $ 8 . I was in the market for a snoogie but could n't bring myself to pay $ 60 for a pillow I would only use for a few months . I am 7 months along and I did n't realize that I needed to ` lift ' my belly a bit . Works great . A lot more sturdy than I thought . I 'm glad it 's not memory foam because I need a ` lift ' not to sink in . I gave it 4 stars only because I have 2-3 more months to go in my pregnancy.A great buy ! A great little size that does the job .
 Bought this for my 2mnth old who had Colic . It was a perfect fit in her bassinette & it helped her sleep through the night .
 I had been using the body pillow for the better part of my 2nd trimester . But when I started my 3rd trimester , I became soooo uncomfortable , especially with back pain , I could barely sleep . I found that the body pillow was n't helping and I was spending most of the nights tossing and turning . Then I read what others said about this pillow and decided to try it . It 's so worth it for the price ! I never tossed and turned with this pillow ! It also alleviated my back pain . And the best part is that it does n't take up a lot of room on the bed . I might buy another one b/c sometimes I roll over to my right side . It 's just so worth the price for comfortable sleep .
 I was searching for pregnancy pillow for my last trimester , but why spend more then $ 50 . I was very surprised by the price but I thought why not to try . It 's a grate pillow . I use it when I lie on a couch to watch TV , its great during the night when you switch sides . And its perfect size to elevate belly and be comfortable . I love it and would really recommended to anyone who wants restful night .
 I have to pipe in here with 5 stars ! I was a stomach sleeper before becoming prego and was having a horrible , miserable time trying to fall alseep besides getting comfortable enough to do so . Then I would wake up becasue my back hurt or I was on my back ! My friend said that she had a `` wedgie '' pillow and she was going to loan it to me ! Thank goodness I took her up on it ! Do give it a few days to get use to it but I 'll tell you - the moment I tucked that pillow between my belly and the bed - I was a HAPPY camper ! It is like you are sleeping on your tummy . I then put a normal pillow between my legs and I 'm off to dreamland . The pressure is taken off of you back and stomach as you can ` lean ' into the Wedge . I 'm 30 weeks pregnant and have been using it for 3 weeks and could n't be happier . Treat yourself and get this pillow ! Wish I would have found it earlier !!!!
 This pillow helped me through my first pregnancy and sleeping . Now I am pregnant with my second and that is the first thing I looked for when I found out I was pregnant . It fits comfortably while you are sleeping all the way through your 9 months !! I highly recommend this pillow !!!!
 I got this because I was looking for an alternative to sleeping with 4-5 pillows . Since I felt the Snugli body pillow was way to big I gave the Dex a shot after reading the reviews . The first two nights I was n't very impressed and almost gave up on it . Two things really helped me in utilizing it . First , I think it needs a few days to be broken in . To do this I used it when on the couch when reading or watching TV as well as when sleeping . Second , I also think it helps to lean on it more than lie on top of it . There are no specific instruction on the box , but for me it was uncomfortable if my side was actually on the pillow . If I lean on it I am not using much of the pillow surface , but the support is helpful . As far as using it between your legs , I found this very uncomfortable . For me , a regular pillow works much better .
 First Time Pregnant and not sleeping a wink , my mother purchased for me a standard body pillow . My husband , who had been sleeping just fine , now was not sleeping a wink . We decided this was because of the pillow the size of an extra person in bed with us . So for Christmas my husband got smart and purchased the Pregnancy Pillow Deluxe . Who knew that something so moderately priced and so `` small '' would provide the wonderful full night 's sleep that I had been wanting these long 61/2 months . My husband also slept much better . Thank you Dex Baby Products !!!
 I have found it very useful . It 's small and not too puffed up . I put it under the left side of my belly to sleep and it 's worked out great . When I wake up it 's still where I had placed it . Other big pillows fall on the floor or move somewhere else while you 're asleep . For your knees you need something more padded , this one is very comfortable for one side of your growing belly . It brings support without making you feel too trapped.Hope it helps.Jhan
 I loathe sleeping on my side and this pillow is the only thing that makes it bearable . I tried those big body pillows but they were complete overkill . Not only were they too soft but they were entirely too large and cumbersome for our queen-sized bed . My husband said it was like having three people in the bed . This pillow , however , is small and effective . It takes the load off my belly and hips . My pelvic bones are separating and this pillow really gives me relief . As an added bonus , I do n't have to spend five minutes unentangling myself from a monster pillow -LRB- while trying not to wake my husband -RRB- every two hours to go to the bathroom .
 Such a small little item that can change the whole outlook of your pregnancy , through better sleep . I purchased this pillow with my first pregnancy in 1997 and quickly discovered what a tiny `` must-have '' that no pregnant woman should be without . I had tried regular pillows , ` body ' pillows and other , more expensive ` sleep ' pillows , to no avail . They are too bulky under the tummy and make it feel ` crammed ' instead of ` supported ' . This graduated wedge is all you need to support your growing tummy at night , because you can adjust how much support you want with it by putting it closer or farther away from your belly.I am 8 months into my third pregnancy -LRB- I did purchase a new one for this pregnancy , but not because my old one ` wore out ' , I think I gave it away -RRB- and would not sleep a night without it ! A Pregnancy MUST-HAVE !!
 I have a small frame and I was 5 full months pregnant when I got this . The more my baby stuck out , the worse my sleeping got . I bought this pillow and it did n't work the first few nights . I am 5 ' 4 '' so it kinda sits under my ribs at one point.I am a VERY VERY picky sleeper , so I decided to turn it at an angle ... I took the thin edge and turned it slightly upwards . This way just the bottom thin corner was under my side and it works LIKE A DREAM ! I have been sleeping GREAT ! Wonderful pillow ... LIFE SAVER!However , the farter in my pregnancy I went the less it helped out . I have a sleep number and I am constantly changing the number -LRB- thank goodness I have this option available -RRB- , and I use two pillows now and they help , but it is no longer the LIFE SAVER it once was in the early stages . Still a great pillow . Lasted the whole pregnancy . If I could change my rating I would go down to 4 stars .
 My wife uses the pillow all the time . She started at the second trimester and uses it still every night . It is ver very light and maybe a bit too firm .
 Kept rolling away during the night . Comfortable when you can get it to stay into place , but difficult to control after falling asleep .
 What a wonderful product ! I actually went into Babies R Us to purchase another sleeping product . They were out of that one and this was my second choice . I actually purchased two of them . I can now sleep on my back without problems-I prop my self up on either side with the wedges . I can sleep at night and my husband is sleeping through the night too . I also have round ligament symdrome and have no pain when I use these wedges ! This is the best product out there and worth the $ 9.99 !
 I loved this pillow as soon as I started using it . Although it is very firm , it needs to be to do its job right . I 've used it every night since I got it , and have recommended it to everyone I know who 's expecting . My favorite use for it is to put it under my back on one side , allowing me to feel as if I 'm sleeping on my back while still staying at an angle that 's good for the baby . Excellent product !
 A friend of mine recommended getting a wedge pillow -LRB- `` it 's the best $ 10 you 'll ever spend ! '' -RRB- when I told her my back was hurting after sleeping - she was SO right ! I 'd recommend this pillow to anyone sporting `` baby belly '' . It 's also great for sitting in straight-back chairs , I just prop it behind my back and am so much more comfortable !
 I love this pillow . It is always just the right shape , so it eliminates all the struggling around to get comfortable with a regular pillow -LRB- Which get harder and harder as you get big -RRB- . Now that I am on bed rest , it is my favorite pillow for the couch too . This poor little pillow is actually in use 24 hours a day . I like the small size because it is big enough to do the job but not so big that it is another thing to battle your way out of every time you get up to go to the bathroom .
 I 'm 28 weeks pregnant , and have been having trouble sleeping with the extra tummy weight so I thought this would help . However , this did n't really help me sleep better at all , if anything it made it worse . It was very uncomfortable . Maybe I 'll try it again later when my tummy gets even bigger . *** UPDATE *** Now that I am 33 weeks , I use this support pillow every night . Once my tummy got bigger , the pillow was no longer uncomfortable and actually helps support my belly very much . Now I ca n't sleep without it !
 After reading the reviews , I decided this was just what I was looking for . A lot of reviews said it was rather small and hard . It is . And that is what I wanted . I can move it with me in our queen sized bed everytime I turn over . The movement generally does n't wake or disturb my partner because of the smaller size . I wanted something harder to actually support my rather large belly and it does that . It 's inexpensive and arrived quickly . I recommend this pillow !
 My gift was a hit and the family member due could n't wait to try it out . I 'm glad everyone was happy !!
 It is a small pillow , most useful underneath another pillow to give you a little elevation . It 's really too uncomfortable to lay directly on it , maybe if you just wanted to put it between your legs it 'd be okay . I do n't think I 'd call this a `` pregnancy pillow '' - it 's too small . My wife needed full upper body elevation and a pillow 1/4 the size of her back -LRB- and only 4 '' tall -RRB- is n't going to help . However this worked good for just head elevation -LRB- with another pillow on top -RRB- .
 I 've had this about 3 weeks and I 'm halfway through my pregnancy . I think this is the most helpful for those times you just want to lay on your back and can not stand to be on your side another moment . I lay on it so that it tips me off my hip , onto my back a little . It helps me to go back to sleep in the middle of the night and both hips/shoulders are sick of side sleeping .
 We like to nap on the sofa , and this little wedge-shaped pillow is perfect for neck support UNDERNEATH our regular pillows for naps . We used to wad up the decorative pillows and stuff them under our full sized pillow to fill in that `` space '' by the arm of the sofa . This little wedge does the job nicely and saves some wear and tear on the decorative pillows .
 When my wife was pregnant , we bought it for her . She can put her belly on it at night , and it makes her feel comfortable.When the baby girl comes , we can put her on the pillow for burp.Really nice and multi-functions product .
 Having back problems to begin with , my ever-growing belly was making my back ache , especially at night . You 're not supposed to sleep on your back , sleeping on your tummy is out of the question . So , you turn to your side & your belly just hangs there . Here is your solution ! I slept so much better , my back ached less & less , this is a simple & yet amazing product ! Defenitely a must-have for all pregnant women ! I also recommend a pillow in between your knees ... helps relieve back pain too !
 Throughout different stages of my pregnancy I have tried using body pillows , bed pillows , and even throw pillows to get comfortable . By the end of month 8 these were all too much pillow to support the weight of the baby - they ended up just putting strain on other parts of my body and not really providing the support I wanted for the baby . I bought this pillow on a whim and it is the BEST pregnancy accessory I have bought ! It is small , which is why I like it . It fits nicely under my belly and depending on how close it is to my body it provides light to strong support . I am tall and near 180 lbs -LRB- month 9 -RRB- and I do not think this is too small - it supports only what I need it to -LRB- the baby -RRB- and does n't push the rest of my body into awkward positions . I highly recommend this !
 This pillow helped my friend sleep through-the-night by taking off some pressure from her `` baby belly . '' Since her daughter was born almost 11/2 years ago , she has lent it to several other friends while they were pregnant . She can confidently lend the pillow out to others , thanks to the removable/washable cover - completely hygenic ! In fact , I had to buy my own , because hers was lent out to another pregnant friend !
 I bought this pillow when I was about 4 months pregnant because my back was starting to hurt . This has been a life saver ! We have a queen bed , and this does n't get in the hubby 's way at night . It is not very big , but I do n't like the big pillows . This one is just right . I have been using it for almost 4 months now and would n't give it up for anything .
 Do n't let the unimpressive look of this pillow discourage you ! Its small size is a big part of its appeal and functionality . I was searching desperately for a pillow to offer some tummy support but really didnt want to spend a lot of money if it could be helped ! This pillow has worked wonderfully and been very versatile.First , its small size means you can move it in the night without a huge production . Second I have used it for multiple positions including under my tummy , behind my back , and even for some leg support when my sciatic nerve was acting up.Definitely a great product for minimal money .
 This `` wedge '' style pillow really does help support your bulging belly while lying on your side . However , it could use some minor improvements to make it even better . The pillow itself is not very big and could stand to be a bit wider to allow more support for your belly . My other suggestion is to purchase two so that when you flip from one hip to the other , which you most likely will do in your sleep being in your third trimester , you have support on both sides .
 I really like my pregnancy pillow . It has given me the `` edge '' to be able to sleep better at night . It nicely fits the gap between your bed and tummy , which stabilizes your body and levels your frame . It is also small so that you can flip over and switch the pillow easily.One suggestioon to new buyers - just fit the pillow into the gap between tummy and sleep surface naturally . At first , I tried to stuff as much of the pillow between the gap . This was not very comfortable . Depending on where you are in your pregnancy , you will use more or less of the pillow wedge . Definitely a winning item for the very inexpensive price . : - -RRB-
 This breast pump is GREAT for a mom who is on-the-go , like me . I am a working single parent and my baby goes to Nana for the days I am away . I still want what is best for my baby so I pump breast milk still for feedings . The dual pump is incredible . It saves me so much time , rather than the others I had used in the past . Comes with its own carrying case bottles , nipples , caps , cold packs , Everything . They have really thought of everything ! The portable use of this product is what sold me . I can use it at home or away whith the battery pack option . I recomend this product to all !
 I bought this pump strictly to help build my milk supply -- I use the Avent Isis for regular pumping and love it ! However , my supply seemed to be getting thin , and a friend recommended I buy a dual action pump , so that way I could get equal stimulation and it 'd help . So , this being the cheapest dual pump out there , I bought it . The first time I used it , I hated it and was really bugged about not being able to return it , but I tried again and it worked really well ! It takes some getting used to , but I only intend on using it once a day . I still recommend the Avent Isis over all -LRB- even over the Medela -RRB- , but if you need something convenient , this is your best choice economy wise . I say , for the price , it 's a pretty good little pump .
 I 'm a teacher who has 15 minute breaks here and there . I was able to pump 10 oz . in 5 minutes with this pump . I love the carrying bag that came with the pump . I 've never had trouble with the motor or poor suctioning . I used the pump for 12 months of breastfeeding . Now I 'm having my second child and I 'm not nervous about breastfeeding or pumping because I have The First Years pump .
 I started out with a cheap single pump that I borrowed from my cousin . Finally decided to buy a double pump for when I return to work . It works great but it lost suction after a while . My husband tinkered with it and found that I had gotten breast milk in the main part . He cleaned it up and it works better than when I first bought it . It does cause me some nipple soreness because the suction is so strong , but it could just be that I 'm sensitive .
 I purchased this pump after many hours of reading reviews , getting input from others , and reviewing brochures . I purchased it , thinking that it was cheap and if it did n't work out , I would n't be out much . Well , it worked beautifuly . I was able to use it as a single or double , use it with or with out the cord , and even carry it to work . It was so compact and easy to use , no one even knew I was pumping at work . It was even easy to travel with . Now my son is 21/2 and I have recommended this to several of my friends . They have also purchased this model and have been just as please with it 's performance . If and when we have a second child , I plan on using this model again . Overall , it is a great buy for the money .
 I purchased this pump when I was returning to work 2 months ago , but wanted to continue breastfeeding . I initially tried using the Evenflo pump leftover from my oldest daughter -LRB- I only pumped infrequently with her -RRB- , but using a single sided pump was n't effectively expressing enough milk.I am very pleased with the performance of this pump . I did n't want to invest the -LSB- money -RSB- one of the Medela pumps costs , since I would n't need to use it again after my baby weaned -LRB- she is the last baby -RRB- , this pump was the perfect alternative.The variable suction control is great , I use it stronger at first to get `` let-down '' started and then turn it down once the milk has started flowing . The suction release is also a nice feature , making it easy to simulate baby 's sucking action.The pump is very easy to assemble and disassemble and very easy to clean . The motor is a little loud , but not so noisy that anyone outside of my office can hear it with the door shut . With the double sided pump , I am able to express MORE than enough milk for my baby to drink the next day.The only thing to improve would be the carrying bag , which really needs a separate compartment for storing the milk and freezer pack.This is a very economic but efficient pump , well worth the money .
 I really loved this particular pump . I had two others before this on that I could not get the hang of . I used it for the full six months that I breast fed my daughter and never had any problems with it once . I would highly recommend it to anyone . I have also used the medela pump in style and found them both to be great pumps but medela more on the expensive side . I think both are worth the investment .
 This pump is the best one I have ever tried . I highly recomend this one.After four children I needed a new one . I wish I had this from the begining ! It works faster with the dual action , is very durable and is more comfortable than the others . The price makes this product a GREAT value . It 's worth a lot more !
 Well , although most of the other reviews on this product are pretty bad , surprisingly , I loved this pump . The price was excellent . Under $ 60 . It provided dual pumping and was n't too noisy for me . It did have a `` humming '' sound and is not as quiet as it 's more expensive counterparts , but when I returned to work and went into the bathroom to pump , I had no problem letting my co-workers know what the humming sound was that they were going to be hearing . I returned to work 4 weeks after my baby was born , worked 3 twelve hours shifts a week , and nursed until she was 101/2 months old . The pump lasted the entire time . Now , it did start to have some problems near the end . I had to hold it just right in order for it to work , but it still worked . For less than $ 60 , it was an excellent pump , and I 'm planning on buying another one for my next baby who is due in August . -LRB- Unless I can find a used Medela on-line for a decent price ... smile . -RRB-
 The motor on my Medela single pump had gone on the fritz so I needed a new one . Pumps are not cheap and I hated the thought of buying a new one , especially since my son was starting solids and would be taking less milk in . Regardless , I still needed one and searched reviews . This particular pump had very mixed reviews but I honestly think it works great and is an excellent value for the money . The flanges and handlebar are a little awkward , but once you get them positioned just right so there is no air gap , it works like a charm . Powerful suction as long as you have a good seal and again , it 's a little awkward to position at first but once you get it just right it 's great . Definitely worth the money . It is significantly priced lower than other pumps and works very well !
 Although I see most of the other reviewers hated it , I loved this pump . It is n't too noisy , but it is n't exactly quiet either , it does make a humming noise . But I had no problem using it the entire time I breastfed my son - 12months . I will add tho that I had a very abundant milk supply , more than enough milk for my son , I probably could have easily nursed twins without having to supplement . I also had a 38C/D cup , so larger breasts were n't a problem with this pump for me . I did have to clean it often , I would say you should at least rinse all the parts after each use to make sure it 's clean and has good suction . I also put the parts in my microwave sterilizer every day too . For me it was easier to just use one side of the pump , but I did manage to use both sides on occassion . For the price , I think it 's a great pump , and I plan on using it again with this baby that is due in october . I also purchased a manual medela harmony tho , since sometimes I preferred to use a manual one over the electric models -LRB- noise level , and lack of outlet/batteries , and sometimes the manual ones are easier on sore nipples -RRB- So I will be giving that review sometime around november ;-RRB- I did have a really cheap gerber manual pump , not the newest model , this is a 4 year old model and it worked ok , but hurt the hands after pumping for a while . I would imagine the newer gerber manual would be much better .
 I bought this for twin five year olds and they love it . However , it runs a bit smaller than your average memory board . We have to print out pics in the 2x2 size to get them to fit into the squares . Since there is a bit of figiting to get the pic in , I 'd not get this for kids younger than five if they are going to be the ones to put the pics in . Not sure how long it will last with little kids navigating the small pic space and ribbon holders . However , the items is quite cute and a nice touch for kids old enough to want some of their own choices on pictures hung in their room .
 I was looking for bulk baby oil to use for a baby wipe solution because we use reusable baby wipes . This was the most cost efficient product out there . I only wish it came in larger bottles .
 This gate extension can be added safely to the kidco gates g20 and g60 . We have a very wide stairway and not only does it safely block the stairs , but it is so sturdy that even after our four year old swung on it , it shows no signs of wear or damage . We feel safe when all of our kids bang or shake the gate and it does not budge . I fully reccomend it . It is also great for areas were you have uneven walls or posts . It adjusts easily for different attachment terrain .
 all the kidco gates and accessories are VERY high priced , but I could not find anything else out there that was ascetically pleasing and got the job done effectively .
 I purchased this extension to work with the Kidco G20 Safeway Gate . We extended the gate to approximately 55 inches and it functions very well .
 I purchased four -LRB- 4 -RRB- of these extensions to use in conjunction with the Elongate to cover an eleven-foot space between the living and dining rooms to control the movements of my 10-month-old grandson.These extensions went together in a snap and attached to the wall easily with the provided hardware.The resulting fence is sturdy enough to support the weight of my grandson who has figured out that they are perfect for pulling himself into a standing position . The also provide him a way to watch what 's going on in the rest of the house -LRB- particularly the kitchen -RRB- while he remains contained in the living room.The bar spacing is close enough that he ca n't get wedged in.I give it a five for its ease of installation , sturdiness and utility
 We needed this gate extension to add another foot or so to the length of our safeway baby gate . Although it looks as though it came with the gate -- most people would n't even realize it 's an extension piece -- my husband had to screw additional holes in it in order to make it just the right length . The opening at the top of our stairs was at just the right size to not fit any of the holes this extension provided . Otherwise , it looks nice , is very strudy , and I 'm still glad we got it .
 After doing tons of research to find a good gate to fit an extra large opening , we chose this one based on price and ratings . We are very pleased with this gate . It is plenty sturdy , even spanning a large opening , and although the instructions were rather confusing the installation really was not difficult . I was concerned about the comments from other buyers about damaged packaging and missing pieces and I can see how that could happen as our packaging was also beat up . The corners of the boxes had holes worn in them and there was some cosmetic damage to the gate corners but luckily none of the hardware escaped from the open corners . Not sure why the packaging problems have not been resolved but fortunately it did not cause us any usage problems . I would absolutely recommend this gate to others looking for an extra long gate .
 I researched and tried many gates , and I liked this one the best . It is sturdy , easy to install , easy to detach , when you want it out of the way , keeps my son safe , widens to cover a wide range of openings , and does not have an obstructing bar at the base . All in all , an excellent gate . The only problem I had was that some of the screws that attach the gates together , did not fit properly . I just had to muscle them in . For that reason , I gave only 4 out of 5 stars . Thanks Kidco , for such an excellent and simple product .
 We have been using this baby gate for almost a year now and it 's fantastic . It 's not so much an eyesore that I 'm cringing every time I see it and it keeps my daughter out of the places I do n't want her going . My girlfriend had one and when I seen it at her house I knew I had to get one . It 's fairly easy to install . We have it across a very large area.It 's great for dogs too .
 The extension installed relatively easily -LRB- although the holes did not line up perfectly -RRB- and the gate still feels sturdy . Too bad they do n't also make a 12 '' extension as well .
 I received one of these blankets -LRB- albeit a different team -RRB- when my little one was born . He is almost a year old and still loves it for naptime ! It 's also just long enough to cover his legs in his carseat/stroller on a windy day . When he was smaller , it would cover most of him : - -RRB- I ordered this blanked for a friend 's baby shower and just received it in the mail . Everything about it is high quality . The embroidered logos , the satin trim , and the cozy fleece of the blanket and ball . It 's a perfect baby 's first ball and surely baby 's first team gear.Warm enough to snuggle as a newborn and fun enough to tote around as a toddler !
 The product is a bit larger than I expected . It would be more fitting for a toddler , than baby . It has more soft fabric and the silky feel is only at the bottom trim . Colors are pretty true to school colors . Nice gift for the football family .
 Nice Product . My 1 month old nephew seem to like it , I think.GO EAGLES
 This was a great product , very cute and good quality . Received it very quickly too !
 I bought this gate for a 13 ft space . It works great but we will need to secure something in the middle so our 8 month old cant swing the entire gate back and forth . It is just too wide of a space not to put something in the middle . Overall , we are happy with the gate . We also have one in a smaller 5 ft opening that is extremely secure as well . We are in the process of getting two more for the top and bottom of the stairs . They are easy to open and close too . Highly recommended gate !
 Love the gate for our stairs . It has a clean look to it , and since it is mounted no need to worry about it coming down . Easy to install . My daughter loves to put her magnetic toys on the gate at the top of the stairs .
 Instructions OK except that the template for making the holes in the wall did not correspond to the actual distance needed for the holes to fit the gate . Disregard the template and measure the distance to get the holes in the correct places.The gate is easy to remove , when not needed , and easy to handle when installed .
 We bought this as a replacement for a gate my 4 year old could n't open and close - the baby -LRB- 11 months -RRB- kept getting out and even fell down the stairs once . Whew , this one is so much better ! It looks much nicer and feels tons sturdier than the plastic ones and is not too hard for my 4 year old to open . She 's happy , we 're happy , the baby is happy -LRB- unless we 're on the opposite side -RRB- :-RRB- We were able to mount it on the bannister on both sides . We just put a decorative molding on one side to attach the latch to . Only complaint is the supports that hold the hinges to the wall/bannister/whatever are plastic and I 'm afraid they might not hold up - our 4 year old likes to hang on the gate and swing , which hopefully will stop soon . One of the consumer pictures I saw showed a different latch than what we have , so be careful .
 We went through 4 plastic gates in our kitchen doorway before we broke down and bought this one . All those plastic ones are too heavy for the hardware that comes with them and the hinges end up breaking ! This lightweight , attractive , and easy to install gate keeps the baby and the dogs out of the kitchen whie letting the cats IN for access to their food & litterbox -LRB- I have it installed 41/2 inches up from the floor . The baby figured out how to crawl under it when it was 6 inches up so we had to lower it . -RRB- It is fantastic and I am back to Amazon to buy another for the top of the stairs . Easy for guests -LRB- and sleep-deprived parents -RRB- to figure out how to use .
 I researched top-of-stair gates for months and the thing I realized was that every gate got mixed reviews at best . Just when I thought I had made a decision , I would come across a review that slammed the product for one reason or another . Because of all of the mixed reviews that I came across , I purchased a membership to Consumer Reports . This gate was ranked # 2 gate for top of stairs . From reviews I read on-line , the gate that they gave the top award to had problems with the knob breaking in the locked position . In the end , I decided to go with this gate and I am so glad that I did ! We purchased 2 , 1 for the top and 1 for the bottom of our stairs . They 've been installed for about a month and we are extremely pleased . We have metal railings so my Dad , who is a wood-worker , made some wooden surrounds for the balisters . The gates are super easy to open & close , even when I 'm carrying my 1 year old daughter . No one in town had this gate , so we bought it site unseen . It is so refreshing to find a product that lived up to our high expectations .
 I have gone through different gates with each kids . Now with my fourth kid , I bought this gate -LRB- the other gates did n't hold up , flimsy , did n't work well -RRB- . THis gate is WONDERFUL ! I wish I bought it with my first . It 's easy to install , easy to open and close . With out the lock my 4 year old is totally fine opening/closing it . It 's not bad looking . I have black wrought iron and wood stair case that is long and big , and it looks just fine . I bought the BLACK colored one instead of the white . They also have silver color . What makes this product even better is that you can buy extensions , and on one side of the gate instead of putting it against the wall , you can buy Y brackets to brace it against the spindles . I bought those at globalpets.com . This gate is also perfect different widths due to trim . I have thick wood molding that makes other gates uneven . THis gate you can just adjust them.Anyways . I am raving about this gate , because it 's fantastic . Well worth every penny !
 This gate mounted easily and is very secure when closed . Simple , does the job of keeping the kids in the play area .
 The gate is great so far . I researched other reviews as well as on Consumer report and decided to try this one out . I was looking for a gate that could handle angled walls since the wall at the top of our stairwell is very oddly angled . The gate fits its purpose and is easy to manipulate while holding a child or laundry.Our only complaint was the installation . I had read on other reviews that it was hard to install and I agree . We installed it 3 times , first with screws it came with -LRB- it stayed up 30 minutes -RRB- and second with slighty longer screws and anchors -LRB- this lasted 1 day until we swung the door open and our daughter leaned on it and pulled it right out of the wall -RRB- . Finally we got long screws and made sure we hit a stud , now we are good to go!My son loves his freedom and I love the work I am getting done while he has it .
 I too am very pleased with this gate . Over the past week I installed one each at the top of our two staircases.I strongly recommend following the advice of one of the other reviewers to skip using the template . The lower fixture on the hinge side is lowest to the ground , so I installed that first , then held it in place to mark the spot for the upper hinge . After that was on , I put the gate on the hinges , held it in place and marked the opposite side . Worked great , and it allowed me to work around the mouldings , which would have been difficult with the template.The wood screws held great in the one bannister on one staircase . On the other staircase , I had to put the gates into drywall . There was a beam on one side , so I had to buy much longer screws to ensure a tight grip . The other side was hollow , so I bought some good metal anchors , so the gate is on very tight . All I did was bring the fixtures to the hardware store and found screws and anchors that would fit the holes . Cost me about $ 10 to get enough anchors and screws for four gates.Most of the poor reviews sound like there are some hardware issues . I take one star away because I think the gate should come with alternate screws , and maybe anchors , because I think it 's a bad assumption that most people are installing into wood . I would very much recommend this gate , but advise paying close attention to what you 're installing into first and make sure you 've got the right hardware .
 This gate will work great at the top of the stairs . I listened to the advice of others and started to use the template only for the hinged side , but I actually just installed the upper hinge and then held the gate on that upper hinge and marked the holes for the lower hinge , not even using the template . -LRB- If I had used the template , the upper gate hinge post would n't sit all the way down once the lower hinge was in place -RRB- . Once both hinges were installed , I did the same on the locking side - did one latch , placed the gate in position and marked the other latch . this ensured correct positioning and it works great . The two problems with this gate is the templates are n't accurate and you ca n't use the screws that come with it . Buy # 6 wood screws that are longer and use anchors if needed . This seems obvious , but other posts say the gate came out of the wall which is not going to happen with my gate . Also , someone mentioned the spring comes loose and someone else states its too hard to open/close and too loud . They had to have installed it wrong because mine does neither of these . If that spring comes loose , its nowhere near installed correctly . Just wanted to give this great gate some good feedback since I believe 80 % of the bad remarks are from poor installation .
 I 've installed three of these in our home ; two at the top of stairs and one for the kitchen . By far the best design I could find.I recommend mounting the hardware directly into the banister , not only for strength but also for aesthetics . Those plastic tie / hockey stick adapters to `` protect '' the banister are ugly and who 's going to notice four tiny holes when you patch them properly later ? And of course , get butterfly bolts for the drywall side.The installation is tricky , especially if you have short baseboards as we do , but the innovative design of the gate bolts allow a lot of flexibility for ensuring a good fit . You can even adjust them in such a way that the gate will fall open , fall closed , or be perfectly balanced . My first installation took about an hour , the second about 40 minutes and the last only 15 minutes.About the gate bolts , I 've read some reviews here that kids are poking their eyes on them . Come on !?! If your kid is walking into them , that 's your own fault for leaving the gate open . Be glad the kid did n't fall down the stairs .
 When you need to babyproof your house -- especially for those of us who have stairs -- do n't look any further -- this is the gate to use . We had this installed in our former house at the top and bottom of the stairs . Very safe and secure . Our sons tried to climb on it , but could n't -- yanked on it and it would n't budge.In our new house , we have a different type of stairs and no gate would work , so we installed these same gates leading to the stairs . Our hallway is wider so we just had to purchase the extensions . Perfect . It prevented our boys from getting up the stairs unsupervised.We just had our third baby -LRB- girl -RRB- , so my husband will be installing these same gates again soon .
 I did a lot of research 21/2 yrs ago for a gate for the top of our stairs when we had our little girl . I now have a 21/2 yr old and an 10 mo old , they shake it and stand at it , but it is secured to the wall and they ca n't open it . We are buying a 2nd one for the bottom of our stairs in our new house .
 I found the basic installation pretty easy . If you read the directions and look at the corresponding pictures it all makes perfect sense . Once installed , however , I had difficulty latching the gate with one hand . In fact I needed to push up the bottom with my foot to get the latching bolts high enough to drop into their slots . I came here to read some reviews and , sure enough , found a couple of people making this recommendation
 After sifting through what seemed like thousands of reviews on various baby gates , my husband and I decided on the Safeway Gate and have been extremely happy with our purchase!This is an excellent gate for the top of a staircase . It 's kept my inquisitive 13 month old safe as well as the 25 month old and the 3 year old that I babysit . None of the three boys have learned to open the gate yet which I find encouraging . This gate has definitely passed the test in my book with three boys who try to hang off the top bar and shake it like crazy!I did n't find the latch to be difficult at all ... of course I tend to push on the actual latch rather than the triangular button above to release the catch and open the gate . I also like the audible `` click '' when the gate is securely shut . Like others have mentioned , the lack of anything on the floor -LRB- bar , pad , etc. -RRB- was perfect since we do have ours installed at the top of a flight of stairs.A nice perk for small animals living with baby
 We 've had this gate installed on our stairway for several months now and are very pleased . The installation was n't the easiest , but now that it is installed , it is very sturdy . Some reviews mentioned that this product does n't work well with drywall anchors , but for safety , I think any attached gate should be secured in a stud or banister , not with drywall anchors . Because of the geometry of our trim , we had to install the gate a little higher than we would have liked . So , eventually my son figured out how to crawl under it . We ended up buying wire shelving and using zip ties to attach that to the gate to block the gap . Surprisingly , it still looks very nice . We have n't had a problem with the latching mechanism . I find it to be easy enough for an adult hand to do single-handed . I do n't see how a yound child could open the gate if it is installed correctly , since you have to push the latch while lifting up on the gate in order to open it . It does n't just swing open if the latch is pushed . Also , we keep the gate closed when the youngsters are out and about , so I do n't have any concerns as to the safety of the bolt-like lock . This gate is pricey , but it feels much more sturdy than I had expected , so I do n't regret the purchase . I 'd surely have looked into IKEA if we had one around here and if it 's true that they have the gate for so much less !
 We had been looking for a gate for the top of our stairs for some time and this worked out perfectly for us . Was very easy to install and very easy to use .
 I like that you do n't have to step over anything and that it 's not spring-loaded so that it can be left open .
 This gate has worked very well at the top of my stairs . The directions that come with the gate could have been written better , but it 's still pretty easy to install . I have had no problems with this gate . The gate is very sturdy since it is hardware mounted and it is easy to open and close with one hand . I would buy this gate again .
 After trying four other models of safety gate , I am happy to have finally found the one that works for me . I use this gate for my dogs , but it would be equally effective for a baby . It is sturdy , easy to operate , good-looking , and as unobtrusive as a gate can be.This gate is not pressure-mounted . It needs to be screwed into the wall on both sides . However , I have learned the hard way that the pressure-mounted gates do a lot of damage to walls , they are more difficult to operate , and they are bulky . If the need for a gate is going to be relatively long-term , I now believe that it is easier to screw it in and worry about patching the wall when the time comes.I 've also learned that gates with vertical bars are more likely to be left alone because it 's more difficult for pups to get a purchase on them . The ones with grids or cross-pieces encourage dogs to rattle them -- and to jump , a habit that I work hard to extinguish .
 Ok , our situation is a bit different . Our kids are older so no need for baby gates around the house . Until we got our 2 Bulldogs . Little did we know they were also part beaver . They have ate/destroyed/demolished every wood baby gate we have bought . Some lasting only a week . Ok we have birds that love to help the `` Freedom '' cause every now and then.So I started searching for a all metal baby gate . FOUND ONE ! Used but still usable . So I bought it . The Kidco G20 . Since it was used there was no template to drill holes . But after 30 minutes -LRB- would have taken less time if the cordless drill battery would n't have died -RRB- the gate is up and the looks of utter disbelief and dismay have come across the faces of our 2 puppies.No more late night outings while mom and dad are sleeping , no more eating raw potatoes or chewing on rolls of paper towels ... aaahhhh the good ol days.While they maybe mad and upset with us , we can now sleep at night and not have to wake up thinking we 've been robbed.The gate was pretty easy to put up . I started with the hinged side and added the gate and then did the locking side . Pretty easy compared to some we 've tried . I can stand on it and it will not move . I 'm not gon na tell you my weight . . lol ... but it 's a VERY solid gate ! Which is a good thing . Our `` kids '' weigh 80 # 's & 30 # 's -LRB- still growing -RRB- .
 I thought that the installation was a little tricky because it was unclear as to how the gate would open . Also , since I was mounting the gate on a bannister and a wall , it was a little difficult to line up . I think I got lucky when I measured and used the two paper strips included with the assembly . Anyhow , the gate is up , it looks nice and I am going to sleep a little better . I think the company should include two wall anchors and two longer screws for stair assemblies . Just a suggestion .
 I was confused when I read the reviews for this gate and the KidCo Elongate -LRB- same locking mechanism -RRB- because some people said the locking mechanism was easy to use while others said it was very difficult . After installing an Elongate and a Safeway , I think I might know why there is the difference of opinion.When we did our first iteration on the Elongate , it was very difficult to work . However , by adjusting the length of the screw which hooks into the lock , we were able to make it work very easily . When we did our first iteration on the Safeway , it was impossible to work . We realized that the mounting brackets on the two sides were at different heights , thereby making the gate on a slight angle , which made the lock unworkable . We repositioned the brackets and tried again . This time the bottom latch worked fine , but the top was difficult . We then realized that the distance between the brackets on the one side was one eighth of an inch different from the distance on the other side , such that the screw that fits into the lock is an eighth of an inch too high . We did n't bother repositioning the bracket again . It works , but not nearly as easily as the latch on our Elongate . So I think the ease with which the lock works is determined by the preciseness of the installation.About the installation kits ... We wondered if we needed to buy an installation kit . You can get a parts listing for the kit and the instructions for using it off the KidCo website . After looking at these documents , we decided to do it without buying the kits . My husband is not that handy , and we did just fine -LRB- of course , some trips to the hardware store were required -RRB- . Bottom line - Great gate !! Even looks reasonably nice too .
 We purchased two of these gates and an extension . They seem to work well and are pretty sturdy . They are not unattractive and serve their purpose well . My husband installed them in about an hour -LRB- for both -RRB- . My only issue is that the top and bottom do n't always lock in to place together . I have to make an effort to get everything lined up to get them closed properly -- not a big deal .
 After much research into a gate for the top of our stairs , we chose this one and I 'm thrilled ! It looks great , does n't have that `` plastic '' look that many do , it has very clean lines and blends nicely with our white banister . I was so concerned about a difficult opening mechanism as I have numerous friends who I have visited where it 's virtually impossible to open the gate at the top of their stairs holding a baby . This one is so easy !!!! And simple ... you really do n't need to explain to anyone how to use it . It did require my husband to make a trip to the hardware store as he decided he wanted to add a piece of wood onto the sheetrock side since he did n't want to mount it directly into the sheetrock . But , in order to get something mounted very securely at the top of the stairs , you need to expect a little work . Overall I 'm thrilled and recommend to others out there looking .
 I did follow the directions exactly and still needed a stiff drink and lots of spackling and paint after installing this gate !! However , once installed it works beautifully . What I like best about the gate is that it does not have bulky plastic parts that draw attention to the gate . It is very easy for an adult to unlatch , but a child would have difficulty figuring it out . One thing that the directions left out , was that the two main pieces of the gate will not properly line up unless you position them so that you can see a warning label on both the top and the bottom side of the gate . I thought I had a bent piece and was ready to take the gate back , until I tried several different ways of positioning them . The directions did n't tell which way to put them .
 Pros
 A good , solid baby gate for the top of the stairs . Once installed , is easy to operate with one hand.Plan on doing a bit of carpentry on your own to install properly though . The gate must be installed to a solid surface -LRB- wall studs on hinge side -RRB- , and most staircases do not have a flat surface to mount the latch surface to if they have a rail post there -LRB- as pictured ! -RRB- . I used a bit of scrap lumber that I had around to create a solid wood surface to mount the hinge side to , since the location I wanted to mount it in was in-between the wall studs . Also , if you are lucky enough to have a stud in the right place , you will need longer screws than those provided with the gate.Plan on making a good surface to mount the latch side to , unless you are lucky enough to have a flat wall to attach to with a stud in the right place , and/or if your rail post is square the entire length . If your rail post is round in the middle you may need to mount a board to the side of it to put the latches on.Installation instructions are only accurate for the best of mounting locations , but with some simple carpentry skills , you can mount this gate anywhere - just plan on having to do some extra work . Make your plan before starting - see exactly what you 're up against so that you do n't have to stop and go get things a million times in the middle ! A quick trip to your local hardware store and you 'll have all you need . I installed the gate in less than an hour , even with doing the ` extras ' needed for the location I put it in .
 This is a good looking functional gate that the toddlers can not open , but most of us adults can open with one hand . -LRB- I had to show a couple of guests how to do it without damaging it -RRB- . We had trouble with the delivery , only because UPS left it at the entryway of the wrong house - - - the one next to us that was empty and up for sale . Assembly was a little difficult because the instructions were all pictures with very few words . If it is being installed between two walls that have no molding obstructions , it 's fine . However , in my case , I have the high 6-inch baseboard and I have wainscotting with a chair-rail . These moldings created uneven surfaces and I could not install the gate without making wooden spacer blocks that I had to paint white to match the gate . It took me five hours to get it done , and I 'm handy -LRB- although a bit of a perfectionist -RRB- . Anyhow , it looks and works great , and we 've gotten compliments about it . I thought it was a bit expensive , but I could not find anything else that looked good ; as it is installed at the top of the stairs leading into our formal dining room . Despite the work to install it and the high price , it was worth it to me .
 We really like this gate . We have a very wide stair case and bought the extension to go with this gate . -LRB- make sure you get the right extension -RRB- IT IS AWESOME ! My husband is really good with projects so we kind of made it better by putting a different latch then the one that was sent . We also put some longer screws so that it would w/o a doubt stay in the wall . It has been able to withstand our daughter pushing on it , hitting it w/her walker , and our doberman trying to get down our stairs . So , all in all , it is a wonderful gate for children & animals !
 Just moved into a new house with a very ominous looking staircase ; straight down . I purchased this gate out of necessity for the safety of my 29 month old . The hard part was that I have a wall on one side and an old wrought iron railing on the other side . After reseaching my options I chose the Safeway . I did need to purchase two installation kits , but it was well worth it . I used two boards on the railing side with the tie wraps and I 'm amazed at how well it holds . I used a third board -LRB- in the second kit -RRB- on the wall , evening out the surface to match the molding on the staircase . We had been in the house for about 3 weeks and I was always very nervous watching her around the stairs . Now I do n't worry at all . It 's very sturdy and very easy to open and close . To me , there really was no choice . This gate is it !
 Just wanted to chime in on this gate . I think it is great ! Probably the best gate on the market . I have installed it at the top of my stairs in a wall to railing setup using the extra installation kit and the plastic straps . It is very sturdy and extraordinarily easy to open and close one handed . I almost did n't buy it because of the cost and because of A. Proffit 's review which says it is difficult to install and to open . While you do have to follow the instructions exactly and be careful to make sure everything matches up properly , I think it was relatively easy to install and ca n't imagine a secure gate that could open and close easier . DEFINATELY WORTH THE EXTRA MONEY !
 I recently purchased this gate to keep my 21/2 year old daughter safe in her bedroom . We live in an old farmhouse with steep stairs and she does n't stay in her bed . She would climb down the stairs all the time , including in the middle of the night . So far she has n't been able to climb over this one like she could do with the pressure mounted gate we replaced with this one . It is a little tricky to open , but that is good in my case because we do n't regularly walk through it and she wo n't be learning how to open it herself . The installation was a snap . In fact , I am going to purchase another one for her bedroom window because it goes down to the floor . Then I wo n't have to worry about her falling 11/2 stories if she leans on the old pressure mounted gate we used last year .
 Bought this item based on the online reviews . So far its a sturdy , strong , and durable gate that I highly recommend buying although the price in amazon is a bit high . Although my purchase was still a bit high , I bought mine at Burlington Coat Factory for 5 bucks less . I would rate this a 5 star , but the directions were just a little bit unclear , fortunately my handy man husband figured it out . Other than that , go get it !
 Stop shopping around and buy this gate ! We put it at the top of our stairs yesterday and I feel like my 15 month old is really secure . We installed it into sheetrock which required an additional mounting kit -LRB- not cheap but worth it ! -RRB- I just love this gate . It really looks O.K. , too . We bought a TERRIBLE pressure mounted gate for the bottom of the stairs and we paid a ton for it ! We are returning it tommorrow and will put the safeway gate at the bottom of stairs as well . It took about ten practice tries to learn to open and close it , buy now I can do it one handed while holding the baby . My five year old daughter has no clue how to open it , which is fine for now . Buy the safeway , you wo n't be sorry !
 The Safeway Gate 301/2 '' by Kidco was a lifesaver for us . It was easily installed on the top of our steps , keeping our little one free from falling . The gate 's adjustable extra width was just what we needed . It is easy to use and very sturdy . It 's simple design makes it blend in very well . We highly recommend it .
 I ready many of the reviews before buying this gate . Unfortunately , there does n't appear to much of a selection for a secure top of the stairs gate , so this was my choice . Granted , as many of the negative reviews state , the hardware is not top of the line and you do need to supply your own screws and anchors for sheetrock or concrete walls , but the installation was not that difficult if you 're somewhat handy around the house . Since I only use this gate when my granddaughter visits , I found it useful that the gate can be removed when not needed . I 've found it to be sturdy , reliable and easy to use .
 I received the gate yesterday afternoon and it was very simple to put together and install . The provided directions were a bit over complicated but if you are handy then this gate will not pose a problem . I had it installed in about twenty minutes . I did not use the screws that were provided to attach the gate to the wall but instead used two and one half inch wood screws . I think that with this modification , the gate is much more secure.The gate itself is very simple and sturdy . After installing it I tested it with my weight and I could lean on and pull on the gate with out any movement and I felt safe . My wife and I sat on either side of the gate while our son was at the top of the stairs and waited to see how it would hold up to him . He pulled and pushed and tried to climb on it and the gate never moved or did anything that concerned either of us . As long as the gate is latched I do n't think there is anyway for a child to open the gate until he is old enough to understand how the lock works.I feel very comfortable with my son being upstairs now and no longer worry about him falling down the stairs . I gave the product four stars because the instructions are not very intuitive . Otherwise this gate would have five stars from me .
 We 've used this gate for over 3 years and I have just purchased 2 more . It is the only gate I trust for top of stair use . The gate is heavy and proper installation is an absolute must . With attention to the directions and some adjustment our gate has never come loose or fallen of it 's hinges . It has held up under three years of hard use - and I still find my 4 year old hanging from it on occasion . The dogs bang it open and shut when the gate is not latched and the noise of it banging shut serves as a secondary alarm that someone left the gate unlatched.I must concede that adult visitors seem to be the hardest on the gate - some people just ca n't seem to latch the gate correctly and that seems to wear the latching mechanism and hardware - but , again no trouble with broken hardware.My advice - do n't bother with the other gates on the market . Take the time to install this gate correctly and you 'll never need to buy another . -LRB- Unless , as in my case , you move to a different home and find yourself needing more gates . Then in that case you 'll know what to buy . -RRB-
 We tried others , even installed some , and this gate is by far the most secure and safest gate around . The instructions are clear and the templates make installation easy . My husband installed 2 of them , one and the top and one at the bottom of the stairs . The first one took about 45-50 minutes and the second about 30 minutes . We are very pleased with the gates . They are nearly impossible to climb and close very securely . Also , it is easy to open with your free hand when holding a baby or toddler in the other . Other gates we tried were not strong enough for the stairs even when they were marketed as stair gates . This one is really great .
 Easy to install when no other gate would work . No wonder Consumer Reports rated it the best for use at the top of stairs . It 's simple to open and gives me a secure feeling knowing that my child ca n't begin to figure out how to open it .
 This is an attractive , sturdy gate . Because it 's metal , the pieces are thinner than they would have to be for a wood gate . And the white color will blend in more for some decor.The design is fairly clever : - It works easily with one hand , to release the gate latch and open it . - The gate can be installed to hinge on either side , and to swing either way or both ways . - Almost the full width is usable , it does n't narrow the opening down a lot -LRB- just by the width of the brackets and gate -RRB- . That 's the benefit of having something permanently installed , vs. pressure mounted . - It can adapt to various widths . The box says it fits openings of 24-3/4 '' to 43-1/2 '' . - It will adjust to slightly uneven widths . All 4 attachment points have an adjustment , with sturdy threaded bolts , that can move in or out a little to fit the space . But you still need to have 2-3 '' of flat vertical area to attach each of the 4 mounting brackets - 2 on the hinge side and 2 on the latch side.-It 's also easy to remove the gate when you do n't want it there - press a release and remove one plastic piece and the spring . It only takes a few seconds , you just have to make sure you do n't lose track of the loose pieces as the gate is useless without them.The gate can also be installed in some angle or other nonstandard locations . Because it swings on the hinged side , the place where you attach the hinge brackets does n't have to be at right angles to the gate - it can be at an angle or even parallel to the gate . But you 'll have to give some thought to whether having the gate swing on that side works for you . And you do need to have the latch side wall at right angles to the gate for it to latch properly . -LRB- Unless you use your own latch - see the photo someone uploaded using a garden gate latch . A very creative idea , which might work for dogs but give some thought to whether it works for children . -RRB- The gate itself is about 28-3/4 '' high , though again the mounting brackets extend a little above and below each of the mounting points ; and even a little more above where it latches on the top - about 2-1/2 '' . It comes with wood screws to attach it to the wall , so that assumes you have a solid wood surface to screw it into . You 'll need to do some additional work to mount it if you do n't have a wood surface.Some installation suggestions : - Do n't start by putting on the mounting brackets , as the instructions suggest ! Start by putting the big gate parts together and screwing in the hinge and latch bolts . That will give you a much better idea of how it works . Put the gate parts together and hold it up to your space to get an idea of how it works before doing any installation . - Similarly , before you install anything , hold up both templates to see how they fit - the bracket types and heights vary on either side . That way there wo n't be too many surprises . Unlike others , I found the templates useful , but I did have to fold over the bottom as I installed it lower than the templates suggested in order to fit my railing . I really ca n't imagine not using the templates on the hinge side and getting it lined up well enough for the hinges to work right while holding the gate in the air . BUT ... - Install the hinge side first , and assemble the gate and install it before installing any of the latch side brackets . Because unless your house is perfectly square and level , the latch mounts may need to be moved from where the templates suggest . Once the hinge side is installed , you can easily see where the latch mounts should fit . Just be sure they are set so they bolts fit all the way into the latch.Installation is n't all that hard , but the instructions make it harder than it has to be . There are tiny diagrams of the parts at the front , with tiny letters indicating which is which ; the pictures are in the back ; and the text is on the pages in between . There are numbers on the text paragraphs that correspond to the images in the back foldout . But it would help a lot if they 'd put the images and the instructions on the same pages . And have larger images of the various pieces.A few things I 'd add about installing it : - The dimpled areas around the holes where you attach the two parts of the gate go out , so the bolts can set in there . However , it does seem to work fine the other way , if that works better for your installation . -LRB- It changes the way the latch is offset relative to the hinge . -RRB- - If I had it to do over , I 'd install the brackets on each side slightly offset -LRB- about 3/8 '' either side of center -RRB- , since the way the gate works the hinge side and the latch side are offset because of the two-part gate design . - Use a level if you have one to check to see if the area you 're installing it is level . It 's easy to raise or lower the bracket heights before you install them so the gate is level , a little ugly to move them after the fact and leave extra holes . - The kit includes a little wrench for tightening , but use a real wrench if you have one . Other than that , all you really need is a screwdriver , though a drill might help because stair post wood is sometimes chosen to be extra-solid wood . - You ca n't really tighten the hinge side nuts that hold the mounting bolts at the right distance out , because tightening twists the bolts so they jam onto the hinge mounts and the gate wo n't work . So just hand tighten the nuts , that should be OK given that the bolts ca n't work loose given the way the hinges keep the bolts from turning.I 'm wondering how the latch will wear , as the plastic piece gets knocked by the end of the bolt every time you open and close it , but only time will tell . I also hope the tiny little pieces that keep the gate from swinging the wrong way work better than they look like they will !
 I ca n't express just how much I love this gate ! I searched high and low to find a suitable gate for the top of my staircase and after trying several gates I purchased the Safeway Gate from kidco ... and could n't be more thrilled with my decision ! There are not many gates on the market designed for a wall to banister mount , I thought the only choice I had was a presure mount gate but , after my son took a spill I decided there must be something better . The Safeway gate was so easy to install ! Granted , I needed to buy a installation kit so the gate would mount to the banister . But , to my delight there was no need to drill holes into the banister , it mounted securily with plastic tie straps . I could seriously put all my weight against the gate without it budging ! I know some people have expressed that the gate is not easy to open but I would disagree , I can easily open it with one hand . Do yourself a favor and do n't bother with other gates ! This is the only one you need to buy !
 I just installed this gate and it took me about 45 minutes . The mounting hardware is sturdy and the instructions are clear . From what I can see it appears to be a pretty nice gate and gives me a little more piece of mind than the # 1 and # 2 gates -LRB- according to Consumer Reports - see below -RRB- . Really , I do n't think you could go wrong with the Safety First - Simple and Secure or this one.To clear up a few things that have been mistated by others :1 . This is not the same gate available from IKEA . The Patrull Fast gate may have the same hardware but the gate from IKEA is one piece and it 's width is only adjustable for openings 281/2 '' to 311/8 '' -LRB- that 's about three inches ! -RRB- . The Kidco version is for openings 24.75 to 43.5 . That 's a big difference .2 . This is not the # 1 baby gate . It is actually # 3 . For hardware mounted gates , it goes -LRB- as of 08/04 -RRB- - 1 The First Years Simple & Secure Stair Gate 3620 $ 70 - 2 Evenflo Secure Solutions Swing Gate 1050 $ 35 - 3 KidCo Safeway Gate G20 $ 65 - 4 Cardinal Gate Stairway Special SS-30A $ 80 - 5 Safety 1st Swing 'N Lock Gate 41780 $ 30
 We purchased this gate when my son was 10 months old and climbing like a pro . We installed one at the top of our stairs and one at the bottom , in our living room . Not only is the gate simple in style -LRB- not an eyesore in our main living area -RRB- , but it was easy to open and close with one hand . The sturdy construction of this gate assured me that my climber would be safe and unable to scale to the other side . Three years later and we just reinstalled the gates for child number 2 , who is determined to outdo her brother 's climbing abilities ! Purchasing these gates was one of the best investments we made !
 I spent a lot of time researching all types of gates , and this one sounded the best . We purchased 2 -- one for the top of our basement stairs , and one for the bottom of our main staircase . It was easy to install , extremely easy to operate , required minimal adjustment and very secure . Even though it is mounted into the door frame and/or wall , it does n't marr up the surface badly at all . Just a few drill holes , and the mounts are very inconspicuous . When researching , I asked the manufacturer exactly what was in the installation kit used to mount this to an iron spindle or rail and was told basically just a couple of pieces of wood and some hardware to secure it to the rail -- `` just going to the hardware store for you ... '' they said , so we did n't even bother . My only suggestion is to have longer wood screws . The ones included are too short -- just like everyone else says . The mounting template made installation a breeze . I also like the fact there is no bar to step over on the bottom like a lot of other gates . Much more economical that some of the pressure mounted gates that require so many extension and additional installation kits . Great value !
 We originally thought that we were going to be gate-free since we lived in a ranch house with pocket doors blocking off the kitchen and hallways . However , we soon realized that the best-laid plans are often thrown aside when it comes to a mobile baby . Yes , we could block off areas of the house with the pocket doors , but we could n't see our son and our son could n't see us , which soon led to our search for baby gates . Soon after the search began , my husband came home with a Labrador puppy -LRB- surprise ! -RRB- . Now we had an active seven-month old and a new puppy to keep out of trouble . The gate search went from a priority to a TOP priority.We had been all set to buy the Hands-Free gate from The First Years , but decided against it because of the plastic pieces . The puppy would soon make lunch out of those , and the gate would then be useless . We decided to try our luck with the KidCo , and we 're very glad that we did.What we love : - Sturdy metal construction . The gate has been able to withstand a puppy who has n't found his brakes yet crashing into it on numerous occasions , as well as a seven month old in a walker who insists on ramming into everything to see what kind of noise it will make . Since it is metal , the puppy ca n't chew his way to freedom.-Vertical bars . There is nothing to aid a toddler in climbing the gate . The bars go up and down and there is n't anything for a little one to get a foothold on.-Versatility . YOU pick which way the gate swings and what side it opens on . This was very important to us , because we were working with a cramped space and there was only one way we could have a gate open.-No U shape . A lot of gates , even stair gates , have a bar running along the bottom of them . This does n't seem like a big deal until you trip on it or stub your toe trying to go over it . On the top of a staircase , this bar is a terrible idea for obvious reasons . The Safeway gate eliminates this bar , and still stands sturdy.What we 'd change : - The installation . My husband did have a few choice words for this gate during the installation process . Once I intervened and we read the directions step by step the gate went up fine , but for someone who just skims the directions this could be a nightmare.-The latch . Other reviewers have mentioned the latch , and its difficulty . The latch can be difficult to work with one hand , especially at first . What I have found helpful is to push down ON AN ANGLE on the triangle piece with your thumb and use the rest of your fingers to lift up on the top bar -LRB- thumb still holding triangle piece at an angle -RRB- . All in all , the pros far outweigh the cons and you have a sturdy , well-constructed gate that will give you piece of mind . No gate should be thought of as a baby-sitter , but when used properly this gate prevents nasty stair accidents .
 I just bought this one for the top of the stairs and a pressure mounted gate for the bottom of the stairs . My first impressions is that a pressure mounted gate is fine for the bottom of stairs . However , gates which attach to walls with screws are way more sturdy than even the best pressure mounted alternative.We considered this model and the Evenflo `` Top of Stair Gate '' . After inspecting both gates in the store we opted for this one because the wood spindles on the Evenflo seemeed less sturdy and potentially prone to breaking . If one of the spindles breaks you have to replace the entire unit . Also , why take the chance with safety?Anyway , here are a few things to consider when installing this item :1 . I took the advice of others and only used the template for the swing side hardware only . This is a must do . It would be a wall-damaging crapshoot to try to get both sides lined up exactly right using templates on both sides of the wall .2 . Unless you are screwing the hardward into a banister and do n't want to damage them by having screws go all the way through , use longer screws than the dinky 1/4 '' to 1/2 '' screws that are provided in the kit . I went with 2 '' screws for additional strength .3 -RRB- Installation is n't that big of a deal . Just take your time to avoid silly mistakes that result in extra holes in your walls . I found the picture-based instructions at the back of the booklet far more useful than the word-based instructions at the front of the booklet . It was n't a five minute job but it was not hard at all.I 'll be back in a few months to post my thoughts on the gate after it has had some wear and tear from our 11 months old son and our 100lb dog .
 I can only echo many of the things said by others here . This is an excellent gate . One comment for the woman who pops the gate off its hinges - You FORGOT to install the retaining caps at the top of the hinges ! Why blame the product for your inability to follow directions ? This gate locks in at all 4 corners and will withstand anything a child can dish out . It easily opens with one hand for all but the inept . The width range made it an easy fit for my extra wide staircase . It is very sturdy across all widths . I love it so much I 'm keeping it for the presently non-existent grand kids . OK , I have at least 10 years to wait .
 We love the gate and finally found a piece of hardware to attach to wall to keep it open when you are not trying to keep babies out ... . no more clanging open and closed.McMaster Carr -13985 A26 Stainless Steel Spring-Action Tool Holder Type 302 They come in packs of 5 and can also be used to hang tools or brooms ...
 My family & I are in Germany and installing these gates in the concrete block walls was pretty easy once you have the masonry screws and anchors . Using is extremely simple and very secure , both for our 13 months old and our 45 lb dog . I 'm actually about to buy a third one to replace another annoying gate we bought locally .
 Easily installed , easy to operate with one hand , and keeps my adventurous toddler from exploring the stairs head-first . I 'm VERY saticfied by this product .
 For Amazon ... you might want to check on exact measurement . . I think gate only expands to 43.5 inches not 45.5
 Ikea has this same gate for $ 20.00 . Different name and packaging , but same style , hardware , instruction sheets , etc.Babies R Us normally has pretty good pricing , but this one 's nuts . Either Kidco or Babies R Us -LRB- or both -RRB- are gouging on this one.Simple gate , seems safe , and was easy to install . My only suggestion would be hints for installing opening side first ; our banister makes it very difficult to install hinge side first .
 We bought this gate after our 9 month old became mobile . I 've operated other gates at friend 's houses and this is by far the easiest to open . Our son loves to stand next to it and shake it so thankfully it is VERY sturdy -LRB- we mounted it to a stud on one side and wood on the other -RRB- . The screws provided were not long enough to put into drywall so it necessitated a trip to the hardware store but it was worth it . The only negative we have found so far were the horrible installation instructions . We bought an extension with the gate as our opening was too wide which made it all the more confusing . It took a little time but once we figured out the instructions it was smooth sailing . We definitely recommend this gate !
 My husband and I purchased this gate after two other gates ripped out of the door casement . I do n't know who loves this sturdy gate more ... us or our ten year-old dogs who need a break from our toddler ! In our opinion this is the sturdiest gate on the market . Our daughter and two large dogs have not bent or broken this gate , and it 's been up now for 6 months . We can rest assured when this gate is closed . Please do n't let the cost of this gate discourage you from purchasing it . We are so glad that we made the investment . We have plans to purchase another two for the stairs now that our daughter has discovered that she can climb the stairs . I have no reservations recommending this product .
 I was so excited to receive this gate but then my husband -LRB- who is very mechanically capable -RRB- had some difficulty putting the gate together . The directions were poorly written and were very vague . My wonderful husband ended up staring at the picture and started installing it from that . Now the gate is up , he did a terrific job and the gate is very sturdy . The directions were no help to us at all . But I love the gate and I wish they had this available for my first born , 5 + years ago .
 We purchased this gate for the top of our stairs after returning the cheaply made plastic mesh version -LRB- do n't even bother with those ! -RRB- . We mounted this gate at the top of our stairs with one side mounted to the wall and the other mounted to our wrought iron staircase . It worked wonderfully and is VERY sturdy . We purchased the optional installation kit -LRB- we needed 2 -RRB- for the wrought iron stairs -LRB- which is basically a strip of wood , plastic strap , and some screws -RRB- . We ended up returning the kit and purchasing the same items at a hardware store for much cheaper . I agree with the other reviews , do n't waste your money on anything else . I do n't see a hazard with the locking mechanism and our twin daughters eyes , like the other review listed . The children are n't opening this on their own and it 's to protect them when it 's closed , not open .
 Yes , this is a bit involved to mount , but you get an extremely sturdy , attractive gate that is impossible for kids to climb . My worst issue has been needing to teach adults how to open it ; I am glad it 's not obvious though , as that means my 13month old will be plenty agile on the staris before she figures it out for herself.I got my first on when my daughter was born to keep my dogs out of the upstairs , it continues to serve the whole family , well . I am getting a 2nd for the bottom of the stairs and maybe a third for a hallway now that I will have two babies in the house .
 I am very pleased with this item . It is definetely well made and sturdy . My 65 pound dog will not even try chewing it , perhaps because it can sense the material is made of is not soft wood . After you install it , it feels tight and secure . It is definetely the best I have bought . I would say that the instructions were very clear . However , I was required to go to a hardware store to get longer wood screws . This gate only includes screws for mounting directly on a hardwood surface , but if you need to reach wood behind your walls you will need other screws . A quality product like this should spend -LSB- the extra change -RSB- on longer screws and include them with the product .
 Of the gates out there that are suitable for the top of stairways , this one is the best.Yes , it could use some improvements -LRB- such as the top and bottom locking pin/bolts being redesigned so as not to be eye - and shin-knockers for little ones -RRB- . However , it 's adjustable for a fairly wide range of stairway widths and it 's easy to use once it 's installed.If you 're mounting it into a stud wall , the trickiest part is finding the stud . -LRB- Turns out our stud was n't right on the corner of the wall as we would have thought but was a few inches over from the corner . -RRB- If you 're mounting either the hinge side or the closure side into a banister post , you may want to consider this
 I recently purchased two of these gate to keep our kids , who are 31/2 , 21/2 , and 16 months , safe and out of trouble . They were fairly easy to put up , with good directions . I am very pleased with them . Not one of the kids has been able to climb over them yet , which the older two were constantly doing with our cheaper , pressure mounted gates . These gates are extremely sturdy , and although somewhat more money , I think they are well worth it ! I do recommend buying the longer screws like the other review mentioned .
 After much research and a purchase of the `` First Years Hands Free Gate '' that DOES NOT work well for the top of the stairs , I bought this gate and have been very satisfied so far . The door opens wide with no worry about having a bar to step over like center mounted gates . Installation was fairly easy but I would HIGHLY recommend reading the installation suggestions from `` snapcrackle '' . We used the screws that came with the package and thought they would hold up . Well , that lasted all of 10 minutes before one fell out of the wall . Solution for us was to use longer screws which actually penetrated a stud -LRB- drywall anchors would n't work for us -RRB- . I actually purchased the gate from BabiesRus because the price was the same and Amazon did n't offer free shipping . Check around . Good purchase !
 Our 7 month old will be crawling soon so it was time to get a baby gate . After some research we bought a couple of these Kidco gates . The instructions are pretty clear and the quality of the workmanship of the gate is excellent . Metal . Welded together . Heavy white paint . We needed to buy an 8 ' length of 3 inch by 1/2 inch oak at Lowes . Cut it so it would fit against our banister . I stained it light oak to match the stairs . Screwed it into the banister to form a firm surface to mount the hinge hardwear . Very sturdy . For the other side I used a similar board and used hollow wall anchors -LRB- toggles -RRB- to hold it against the sheet rock . On that side I put the latching hardware . The kit comes with templates to position the hinges and latches and you need to be pretty precise . After that there is a series of adjustments to get the gate centered . Once that is done you put the spring in the bottom hinge and pop on the retaining clip and you are good to go . Very very sturdy and easy enough to open . The second one was heading up a different stair case and I was able to screw the hinge side right into the upright banister . I had to put another length of oak board to hold the latch side . The first one took a couple of hours of messing around not including the dry time on the stain . But I am pretty methodical . The second one was installed in about 30 minutes because I knew what I was doing . The gates look very good . We have oak and white trim on both stairs and it blends well . I am very pleased with this purchase . A bit pricey and the extra costs for the two piece of oak , stain , foam brushes , brass screws , and hollow wall anchors added up . But it looks as good as a gate can look . My wife is pleased so I am happy . It will keep the baby from going head over heels down the stairs as long as you remember to latch it . I would recommend this gate to anyone . Open the box . Lay out the pieces . Read the instructions and you should be fine . Do not hesitate to buy another piece of wood to secure to the surface on either side of the gate so you have something sturdy for it to hang on . That is truly the key . Good luck .
 ... would like to add to this a few negative comments ... Be aware that this gate uses bolt with a washer welded to the end of it , the height of this feature is right at that of eye level for a child , thus could result in a major accident.The Manufacturer gives no option for retention to contain the gate in an open state . I have added a Velcro strap similar to that found to contain cords ... the problem is that this keeps sliding down to the floor and is a pain ... to use . I have also added a felt bumper on my rail to keep the gate from damaging the woodwork.I still think this gate is one of the best , but has an area to improve on ...
 We did a lot of research before purchasing a gate because we wanted one that did the job but also looked good . We put this one at the top of our stairs and it works great ! It 's not an eyesore and it is really strong . We put it up in about a half and hour and did n't have any trouble . Some of the other reviews mentioned that the screws were too short but we did n't think so . We mounted it into studs and it is very sturdy . The latch is very easy to open and close one-handed . We definitley recommend this gate .
 We have a wool area rug in our dining room , so this mat was a must . I have several , so I do not wipe it down after each feeding . -LRB- who has time for that with an active toddler -RRB- I throw mine directly in the washing machine and dryer . ... the Graco splat mat washes and dries very well . This mat is a nice size , it catches most spills and splats . I love this item and would n't be able to do with out it . And it 's only $ ... you can beat that !
 If you 're tired of picking off food that 's stuck on your carpet or cleaning up areas with carpet cleaners and a vacuum , this product is for you . The Splat Mat is so much easier to clean with just a damp sponge . The size is just right to catch anything your toddler may drop , whether it 's pieces of food or the entire dish . The mat is also attractive so there 's no reason why you should n't leave it on the floor . There 's really no need to throw it in the washer . If the food stains it , use any cleanser and it 'll come right out .
 This mat was great when my baby was learning to turn over.Later it was great to keep mess where it belonged
 I bought one of these when my oldest started using his high chair . I wish I 'd bought more than one ! Although it can be a pain to clean them -LRB- and I 'm not sure I 'd throw it in a washing machine -RRB- , I 'd rather rinse the mat off in the sink than have to keep mopping the floor or going for the scrub brush and the Resolve to clean the carpet . It 's thick and durable , too . My oldest son used his for Playdough and fingerpaints once he was old enough to sit at the table . I would n't hesitate to recommend it ... and I most certainly would NOT recommend a shower curtain , considering how easily those things tear and rip .
 Very simply stated , this mat placed under our son 's chair makes life easier . Place it under the seat and let the food fly where it may.It does slide a bit but if placed under his seat the seat holds it in place . Well worth the money spent to buy it .
 This splat mat is nice and large to protect your floors . My 16 month old can throw food far enough to still get the floor dirty , but in general this mat catches most of the mess -LRB- and there 's a lot of THAT with a toddler learning to feed herself -RRB- . The major plus for this mat is that you can toss it into the washing machine . I 'm planning to buy a few extra mats so we can just throw the dirty ones into the laundry . The mat also cleans up well with a sponge . It 's also thin enough to take along on trips . The minus to the mat is that if you have a highchair with wheels often the mat wrinkles up if you are trying to move or turn the chair . I wish it had more `` grip '' on the bottom to hold it steady . Overall a good product , and definitely worth having .
 This item protects your floor from the activities of baby in a high chair , or when baby is playing on the floor.Obviously , if you have a ceramic tile , laminate , or vinyl floor where you will be feeding baby , this product may be unnecessary.However , if you have carpet , especially light colored , this item is essential . It is basically impermeable by liquids , and cleans easily.A few words of warning
 I GOT HIS SPALT MAT AS A GIFT AND HAVE JUST NOW STARTED TO USE IT . WE HAVE WHITE BERBER CARPET AND IT HAS SAVED US FROM A FEW STAIN INCIDENTS BUT THE MAT WRINKLES UP UNDER THE HIGH CHAIR TOO EASILY AND I 'VE ALREADY MELTED IT WHEN IT GOT CAUGHT UNDER MY VACUUM BY ACCIDENT ! BUT IT IS VERY EASY TO WASH -LRB- MACHINE WASH IN COLD AND HANG DRY IN THE BATHROOM -RRB- I DONT THINK MY DINING ROOM IS LARGE ENOUGH FOR IT THOUGH AS IT REALLY DOES TAKE UP A LOT OF SPACE ! IF YOU HAVE THE GRACO TOT-LOC TABLE HIGH CHAIR , THIS WOULD BE GREAT FOR YOU !
 This has really saved our carpets and floors , but the material is somewhat thin and has a tendendcy to fold over and wrinkle up . This can cause a few minor tripping accidents if left that way.Overall it does what is claims , but it could be a little thicker material .
 This product works great with any high chair and makes clean up a breeze . The mat itself is very large and durable . Very good price for such a great product .
 my daughter has a 13 month old boy and she loves these diapers because he dont wake up soaked-she asked me toget more for her because they keep everyone dry
 I love this monitor !! When my little guy cries , the light show starts automatically , calming him down before I even get there . I had the old Sounds and Lights monitor for my oldest , and we loved the fish light show for the second . I have bought this monitor for every shower I have attended , and all my girlfriends love it , too .
 We LOVE this . However , let me preface it by saying the monitor sucks . We could hear our children , but the receivers had a lot of static . I could n't have the receivers on my desk or in the same room since you 'd just hear buzzing . I called Fisher Price and they sent me a new receiver , but it had the same problem - lots of static . So I got an evenflo monitor and that solved that problem . So do not get this for the monitor.So why do I like it ? The fish part -LRB- projection/music -RRB- is awesome . We got this when my daughter was 6 months old . We could adjust the volume and it would project swimming fish on the ceiling to either silence , ocean waves , or music . Or you could just turn on the sound and leave the projection off . Lots of options . The projection was nice and bright and the base could be tilted to get the projection right over where she was sleeping . And it was nice music , not annoying music . It would also go on if it detected noise -LRB- like my daughter crying -RRB- . It stays on for 8 minutes -LRB- so would n't go on forever and ever -RRB- . My daughter loved it . She is now 6 years old and still loves it . She can turn it on by herself and what can I say - we 've had it for over 5 years , had to replace the light bulb twice -LRB- got the bulb at Target -RRB- , and have had no problems . It helps her go to sleep and stay in her bed.My son -LRB- her little brother -RRB- loves it too and we have to share it between them at night since I can not find another one . Someone please sell me another one!To me , I could n't care less about the monitor part -LRB- it would have been nice , but no big deal -RRB- , but the nice projection on the ceiling and the nice music or ocean that was invaluable to me . My only suggestion is to have an option to adjust the brightness . It is a little bright , at one point around 4 years old she used it to see and to play in her room when she was supposed to be sleeping . She outgrew that phase though .
 I read the bad reviews and kept the box but I ended up throwing the box away bc my baby loved this monitor ! I could hear him in another room and he loved the monitor of the fish on the ceiling . We would play it while he was in his bassinet and he would eventually fall asleep ! This is a great present or `` happy '' for your baby !!
 We bought this monitor for the light show only . Our son loves it . He falls asleep to the show every night . The bad thing is the bulb only lasts for about 11/2 months if used every night . We went to find another bulb and they do n't sell them at Babies R Us , Home Depot or Lowes !! We had to go see an actual guy called The Bulbman for this particular bulb -LRB- P12 bulb -RRB- So now every 11/2 months I have to take it apart -LRB- not fun -RRB- and replace the bulb . Most parents take it back for another monitor when the bulb burns out and Babies R Us will give you another one -LRB- I did that twice before I learned the bulb was out . -RRB- But the first night the bulb burned out and he could n't fall asleep to his show was not a fun night ! So be warned that the bulb life is not long on this monitor so have some spares handy !
 We have had this item for 17 months and though I do n't use the monitor anymore my daughter loved the light show on the ceiling . The projector broke and I found out at Babies R Us that this item has been discontinued .
 Love this monitor , I ca n't imagine why all these other people are having problems mine is very clear and very easy to hear . My daughter loves the lights and sounds and so do I. I also love that it plays for 15 minutes and has a remote . Highly recommend this monitor over one that does not entertain the child .
 I love this monitor ! I have n't had any problems hearing my son on ours . The light show is extremely cool ! My only problem with it , is that it takes some pretty loud crying to make the light show come on . I have adjusted the swicth , but it does n't seem to help . Anyways , I will be buying a second one soon since my four year old loves the light show feature and likes the music to fall asleep too .
 I will have to disagree with the other reviews . My baby and I love our monitor and find no problems . It did take a little reading of the manual and experience to figure out how to make the monitor work . The monitor kept my son distracted in the mornings to allow me more sleep . The monitor is portable and I take it around the house with me when doing chores . There is a technical problem with the lights coming on when the child is crying . It took several times to find the right level of crying for the monitor lights/music to turn on . Just give it a try and see if you like the product .
 My baby loves the light show from this monitor !!! I have never had the self activated feature work for me . However , my baby falls to sleep every night staring at the cute fish that spin about her wall . We have had the monitor for two months and the light blew out ... This is very disappointing . There is a static hum on the recieving end of the monitor , but I found that if I turn my reciever down and the baby 's reiciever up all the way I do n't hear the hum . I can hear my baby loud and clear ... even all of her cute little grunts and the monitor is placed on a little chair next to her crib . I would buy this product again becuase my daughter loves it that much !
 This moniter saved my life and helped me get some sleep . We put it in my son 's room when he was 3 months old . It was his first time sleeping in his crib and he did great . I did n't have to rock him to sleep at all . He loved the music and the light show that projected onto the ceiling . The voice activated feature helped him get back to sleep and saved me a trip to his room . I read the other reviews and people complained that they could n't hear their child cry . I have a four story townhouse and I hear him no matter what floor I am on . It might not be the clearest moniter out there but it has a light show and plays music . That makes up for some static ! My son is 14 months old and he still goes to sleep for his naps and at night to the light show . He has always gone to sleep by himself and I owe it all to this moniter !!!!!
 I recieved this monitor as a baby shower gift for my son . We use it every night when I lay him down and he loves to watch the fish and the music . He 's 4 months old now and I 've had no problems with it . The only thing I did n't like about it is that it turns off after like 5 minutes , other than that I love it .
 I LOVE THIS LIGHT SHOW ! My son loves the fish on the ceiling and also loves the music . I 've tried other things that play music and this one is the most soothing . The monitor has a little static but , what monitor does n't have static ? I can hear the baby every time he moves or makes noise . I bought this monitor for a friend of mine who is having her first baby . I hope this helps !
 I absolutely love this monitor , when my son , 6 weeks old , wakes up and is bored and makes a noise , the monitor goes off and starts playing the images on his ceiling and music , and he stops getting frustrated and just cooes , and sometimes , he just drifts back off , you ca n't possiably know how much this means unless you are up with this child all night , and he is just bored , I love this monitor , and I love that you do n't have to sit it so it will position the projected picture above him so he can see it , the projector part of the monitor moves back an forth , so you can just a ajust it , and not have to place something in an area you would n't just to get the picture where you want it , this is my 5th kid and I love this monitor , no static , and crystal clear , I am buying it for my best friend who is due in a week , Laticia Guffey , Mother of 5
 I thought this monitor was silly when I received it as a gift . Now I thank my lucky stars for this monitor . My boy was not interested in the lights until 4months old but he really liked the music . Now that he is older he enjoys watching the motions on the ceiling . This monitor has given me about 20 minutes more of sleep . This monitor is a must have !
 This is a great item ! I use it every night . My son LOVES the soothing ocean sounds and the fish floating around his ceiling . He always looks for the fish during middle of the night feeings - even when they are not there . I LOVE the noise activated feature - it turns on right when my son is upset and starts soothing him while I make a bottle . We started using this device at a friends recomendation when I put him in his nursery at 1 month and we still use it - he turns 5 months tomorrow . I do n't understand the negative reviews - we have a 3,200 + sq ft house and the monitor works great in every room . I even find the ocean sounds soothing - if only I were on a real beach . I 've given it as a shower gift because it is a life saver in our house . Bottom line , a reasonable monitor and entertainment device in one . My son LOVES his fish ! If it stopped working tomorrow I 'd buy another one instantly .
 I also bought this as a baby shower gift . For my friends sister who 's having a baby in november.She 's thrilled with it .
 As a monitor it 's not great at all and I do not recoomend anyone buying it BUT as a means to help my son sleep it 's wonderful . My son wo n't sleep without hearing the music and seeing the fish swim above his crib . It truly has been a life savor . If my son cries , the music and projector automatically turn on and he falls into a trance and eventually sleeps . My husband and I have looked everywhere for a similar item but we have n't found anything that plugs into a wall -LRB- instead of using batteries -RRB- , automatically turns on , plays music and projects an image .
 I used the disposable breastmilk bags with my first child and they were easy to use and convenient . I had to pump for 3 weeks while my premature son was in the NICU at the hospital . I pumped and used the storage bags to freeze my milk and take to the hospital . It is easier than washing the reusable bottles and you can freeze your milk in them . I continued to use them for short term at home pumping also .
 I love the fact that these bags are a sterile environment to pump into . I had absolutely NO issues pumping into the bags and love saving the extra step it takes to pump into a bottle and then pour into a bag to store . The bags are well made and protect the milk in the freezer too . I have friends who had issues with the bags initially but it was all user probs and not a prob with the bags . I would like it if you could feed right out of the bag though .
 I really liked the idea of using these bags and did for about a week until one of them was punctured -LRB- not sure how , but when I thawed it , milk was leaking -RRB- . The one thing I loved about the bags was the milk thawed a lot faster in the bags than if the milk was in a bottle . I never attached the bags to the pump . Instead , I pumped into the Medela bottle and then poured it into the bag . It worked just fine and I did n't mind the extra step or having to wash a bottle .
 I bought these bags with the medulla pump in style . I found them very simple to use and have never had one leak . I do n't understand why people complain that they do not stand up . Why do they need to stand up ? After defrosting you transfer them to a bottle anyway . I have never been able to get one to tear -LRB- for pouring -RRB- but I just use scissors . And the twist tie feature is as simple as tying up your bread bag .
 The Medela bags hold up better than the Gerber bags . I ran out of my Medela bags one day at work and had to rush out to the pharmacy to look for bags . All they had were the Gerber bags so I decided to give them a try.First , it would have been nearly impossible to get the Gerber bag to attach to the breast shield if it were n't for my extra Medela twist ties -LRB- I guess I could 've used a rubber band , but I was already in the privacy room at work -RRB- . Second , trying to get all the air out of the Gerber bag was simply a pain in the neck . The Medela bags are so easy to seal out all of the air and tie.Third , by folding down the bag to seal and tie it takes up less space than the Gerber bag.I 've used the Medela bags to pump at work for my three children and I would never switch to Gerber . They are simply the best .
 When I was using the hospital grade Medela double electric pump these were the easiest bags to use . They attach directly to the pump , then you just seal it and freeze it . Very easy . The bags are nice and heavy so I never worry about double bagging . The only thing I do n't like is that due to the twist tie system they do n't freeze completely flat so defrosting takes a bit longer . The other problem with the bags not freezing flat is that its harder to store in the freezer . Most of my freezer is filled with plastic tubs which are stuffed with these bags . I 've never had a problem with the milk tasting funny after thawing.I switched to using the Avent Isis pump -LRB- it actually works better ! -RRB- so now these bags are less convenient . The Avent bags are easier to use with the Avent pumping system but they are much thinner than the Medela bags and I do n't trust them not to leak . I 've also tried the Gerber ziplock bags and I like that they can freeze flat -LRB- I put them inside ziplock sandwich bags just in case -RRB- . I 've never had trouble with them leaking but I 've heard from a number of other people who have had the Gerber bags leak.The Medela bags do n't work with the Avent Isis -LRB- the milk gets stuck at the top -RRB- so I just pump into a bottle and then pour it into the bag . At least these bags are heavy so I trust that they wo n't leak . I hate the pour system though . I think the little part that you are supposed to tear off is difficult to use . I can never get it to tear .
 These are the only bags I used -LRB- and I tried them all -RRB- that did n't split in the freezer . The Avent bags tell you to double bag and the Gerber bags are very hard to open when they are frozen which makes it hard to add milk later . The Gerber bags also do n't instruct you to double bag so I lost some milk when the bag split . The twist ties on the CSF bags work , but I felt more comfortable using an Avent clip to keep them closed . You could also use a barrette or paper clip to do this .
 I used these bags with my Medela Little Hearts pump and they worked very well . The instructions are very clear and accurate.The bags attach easily with a twist tie to the coupler that normally holds the bottle . Removal from the pump is easy , as is securing them for storage with the twist tie . The bags held up nicely in the freezer and thawed well , too.The method for transferring the milk to a bottle , by tearing a corner of the bag is a bit tricky . Although the instructions did n't say so , I suspect the reason is to keep any contaminates on scissors/knives from transferring to the milk . The first few tries we spilt a bit of the milk , but after a bit of practice it was n't a problem .
 I like these bags quite a bit . I pump at my desk at work and pour the milk into the bags and refrigerate them . At lunchtime I go to my son 's daycare to nurse and bring a couple of the bags for his afternoon feeds . I bring a bag or two home at night and then to the daycare the next day for his morning feeds . This system has worked great and has allowed me to keep him on 100 % breastmilk even though I work . It 's also easy to create a stockpile of bags in the freezer for when hubby or babsitter want to give him a bottle . In the 4 months I 've been using them , have n't had any leak issues .
 While I have n't tried other brands , I will say that these bags seem pretty darn sturdy and easy to use , with the ounces shown on the sides . The only thing I do n't like about them , is the little `` funnel '' at the bottom of the bag that you 're supposed to tear and use to pour the milk into the bottle . For one thing , you need scissors to tear the tab open -LRB- which is n't very sanitary -RRB- and then you have to use scissors again , or your teeth to actually tear the plastic to get the milk to come out . It usually rips abruptly causing the milk to spill all over . I tried over and over thinking I was just being stupid , but I finally decided it is MUCH easier to simply take off the twist tie and pour from the top of the bag!All in all though , they work just fine and even have a space at the bottom to write in the date you pumped .
 I 've had absolutely no problems with these breastmilk bags . They close-up fine , do n't leak , and I really like the spout at the bottom for pouring the milk into bottles . The only thing I do n't like is that they are a llittle difficult to organize in the freezer . I have to go through and check the dates on all the bags to decipher which is the oldest and , therefor , first to be used . I recently purchased the Lansinoh Milk Mate -LRB- if you 're interested , check it out at CVS.com -RRB- which seems like it will solve that problem . The Milk Mate will also solve another thing I do n't like about using bags , constantly having to buy new bags . The Milk Mate comes with reusable plastic bottles . Overall , these Medela Breastmilk Bags do their job very well . Personally , I ` ld prefer a reusable , more organized system but I would still recommend these bags , especially for those who love the convenience of disosables .
 I did n't find that these bags were very hard to use . I liked that the labeling area was on the bottom and not where the milk is being stored so there was no risk of ink contamination . The twist tie was n't too tricky unless I tried to store 5 ounces or a little more . -LRB- They are only made to store 5 ounces . -RRB- I have n't tryed to thaw the milk yet but they did n't leak as they were being froze . I like using them and there is no need to use another container to collect the milk , the bags hook right onto the collection device .
 The Medela bags absolutely work best with the Medela pump . Also , they seal well and are easy to write on in the white space provided.Gerber bags are Zip Loc and are less expensive , but difficult to write on and you must use a rubberband or masking tape or something to hold it on the pump . I use masking tape , then label the masking tape to put it on the bag.The Lansinoh bags cost the same as the Gerber ones and have a DOUBLE Zip Loc seal and white space for writing . I guess I like these best since I am frugal , but I just wish they 'd attach to the Medela Pump Easier .
 Unlike the other reviews , I find these bags easy to use and convenient . The twist ties allow you to pump right into the bag which saves me from having to wash bottles everytime I pump . The other bags require you to pump into a bottle and then pour it into a bag which defeats the whole purpose . The medela bags also allow you to get all of the air out which can destroy the great quality of your milk if left inside . I store the bags upright -LRB- just in case , although I 've never had a leaky bag -RRB- in a milk storage tray I bought from Babies R Us -LRB- the First Years brand -RRB- . Once they are frozen , I put them in ziplock bags with the date written on them for easy retrieval when I need to defrost milk . When I am ready to defrost , I just stand them upright in a large bowl and let cold water run for about 5 minutes , and them pour into bottles.My baby never got the hang of breastfeeding , but I really wanted her to have breastmilk . She is 21/2 months old now , and I have been pumping milk since she was 3 days old . I eventually chose to bottlefeed exclusively , so I pump about 5 times a day . I use an entire pack of 50 bags in less than a week !!! I pump way more than she eats , so I have a lot of stored milk . Plently for when I go back to work and ca n't pump as often . Take it from someone who really knows . These bags are not difficult to use as everyone else will have you believe . If they were , I would n't use them considering how often I need to use them .
 I have n't used any other storage bags but I 've read many reviews at many different sites about different bags . I decided on purchasing the medela bags since I 'm using a medela pump and think they are great . They are a little awkward the first several times you use them but ultimately work very well . They fit right over the end of the pump-mechanism-thing and then all you have to do is put them in a cup to keep them upright . Rolling the top over does NOT decrease the amount of milk you put in each one -- each bag is designed to hold 5 oz and each one does . I have had no problems with leaking and milk freezes solidly without any excess air .
 I use a Medela Pump in Style and use these bags when I am low on bottles . I much prefer to pump into bottles and use the bags for storage in the freezer/refrigerator . This is especially useful when I 'm traveling and do n't want to lug too many bottles with me . I always keep a stack of them along with the Medela sterilizer bags with my pump -LRB- along with the spare battery case , A/C adapter , and Car charger -RRB- . Everything fits great . The twist tie seal is n't the easiest thing in the world but it definitely keeps the bags compact and is pretty good and easy to use . The only spill/leak I ever had was my own error . If you 're worried about it spilling in the fridge , I suggest keeping the bags upright in a clean bowl so that they are not laying on their sides and having more pressure on the seal - it keeps the bags from getting smushed by other items and also ensures that the bags are kept in a safe , clean space in the fridge .
 There seem to be many negative reviews for these bags , but I have no serious complaints about them . I have stored milk nearly 50 times using the Medela bags and have been completely satisfied . They are sturdy and hold up well when being reheated . However , I do dislike the fact that the way they are closed is to insert a little trash bag tie into the two pre-cut holes and then fold over and over and twist together until tight . I store my milk in tupperware and then enclose in large freezer ziplocks and have not had any problem with the milk being corrupted . The way they close is annoying because it does n't freeze flat at all and I can only store 3 bags of milk per container - thus taking up tons of space in the freezer . When I heat these up in a pot or under hot water I never have to double bag or worry about leaks and that is what matters most to me . I recommend these bags and will continue to use for the remainder of my time breast feeding .
 great for working moms ! takes a little extra time for set-up but is pretty convenient .
 I like the strength of these bags , much nicer than Gerber . The twist ties could be improved upon , but I never had milk leak . I did find the Gerber bags easier to seal .
 I love these bags ! Only had a problem with them leaking one time and that was my error because I was in a hurry and did not properly twist the bag shut ! Never had a problrm attaching to pump ! Easy to write on as well as to open and pour in to a bottle ! Never had a problrm with closing except the one time listed above !
 I love these breastmilk bags . They are easy to use and , unlike the storage bottles that you pump the breastmilk into , you have nothing that needs sterilizing . After you 're done pumping , just put them in the freezer . Less work to do . I 'm very happy with these bags .
 We were using bottles to store milk when my mother bought these . I was SOOO skeptical at first , but I tried them . LOVE EM !!! I gave them 4 instead of 5 stars b/c they are a little bit akward to put on the pumps , but I love them !!! they save space and they are less expensive than buying 50 bottles to store your milk in .
 These storage bags are convenient to use and reasonably priced -- plus delivered to my front door . Very eay to use with the medela pump-in-style .
 These bags are great ! Easy to use and no clean up !
 It took me a little while to figure out exactly how to seal up the bag the first time . However , I followed the instructions carefully and it worked great . You can easily squeeze most of the air out of the bag . It is also very easy to `` open '' the bag by tearing at the bottom corner - they have created a weak spot in the edge so all you have to do it tear .
 I have not used any other bags , since the Medela bags are working great ! They are a little on expensive side , but are worth it in my opinion .
 After trying several breast-milk storage systems , I have found these bags to be one of the best . I have never had any problems with leaks or freezer burn . I agree with the reviewer who said that it is better to pour the thawed milk from the top where the twist tie is than from the bottom -LRB- where the directions indicate you should pour from -RRB- . I found it too difficult to pour from the bottom . I would highly recommend these bags to any breast feeding mommy .
 While these were a pain in the neck since they do n't stand on their own , they did come in handy . Since breast milk has such a short life span in the refrigerator , it does n't matter how much you are pumping unless you can freeze it .
 These bags worked wonderful . I did not think they were hard to use at all . They NEVER leak after freezing as compared to Gerbr Seal and Go Bags which may have been easier to seal but leaked 2 of 5 times I used them . They had holes in them after freezing . These medella bags are thick and sturdy and I will use these or Lansinoh bags with the next baby .
 I have a full time job and I pump 3 times at work . Yes , you have to do some setting up for the liners , such as the twist tie , but after about a week , it only takes less than a minute to do . After your done you just seal it up . I have n't had any leaks . you do have to be careful when you are pouring it into the bottle as the stream of milk can miss the opening , but after the first spill you can figure out the right way to do it.I think these are great as they take up less space than bottles . I bring home 6 bags everyday and that would be too many bottles to handle . If you have any questions just email me . I love these bags .
 If I had to freeze breastmilk , this was great because I did n't have to put a lot of plastic containers in the freezer -LRB- we could use them to feed the baby instead -RRB- . They were easy to dispose of if they outdated -LRB- there is a place to label them with the date -RRB- . I usually put 3 of them in a freezer bag as a double layer of protection against leaks and freezer burn . None ever leaked for me . They thaw easier and faster than in hard plastic or glass containers , too . Very convenient .
 These breastmilk bags from Medela work great with my Pump In Style . They store milk wonderfully in the freezer and are relatively easy to use . I kind of wish they had a `` ziploc '' style closure instead of the twist ties , but then I think you would n't be able to pump directly into them , which is one of their best features .
 I bought this Star Rocket lamp for my soon-to-be arriving son 's room . It 's exactly as pictured . Makes a very nice addition to the rocketship theme we are using in the room .
 Can anybody who has bought this mirror tell me if this shipping weight is correct ? this mirror really weights 1 pound ??
 Wow ! These are the best things since sliced bread . It is such a wonderful help in the final stages of potty training . The moist wipe is far superior to dry toilet paper when it comes to getting into the nooks and crannies of a little bottom -- especially when the owner of that bottom also has short arms . My daughter has been very successful taking care of herself . Being able to flush these things is the best part !
 I am using these for myself , an adult . I like that the scent is just nice and clean -LRB- i usually go for unscented and did n't realize these were scented -RRB- I have sensitive skin and these are soothing . They are study . The box is sturdy . They are a great deal .
 My little girl loves to use these ... she gets a huge kick out of the characters on the box . : -RRB-
 I like the packaging of the wipes , cute and travel friendly . The scent of the wipe was also great .
 I just received my lollipop leopard cover . The quality of the fabric is very good . FYI the black side is not furry , which it looks like it is in the pics . It comes with easy-to-follow insructions . The cover fits my Baby Bjorn active like a glove.I ca n't wait to show off my baby boy in this !
 Easily converted our Emily crib to a full bed . Easy assembly . The mattress sits on the ledges on the rails , no need for cross support .
 This was a replacement set because the first set I ordered did not come with the correct screws . The screws that were supplied were not long enough to fit into the anchors so we were not able to use the original product that DaVinci sent us . When we ordered the replacement , it too , came with screws that were too short . So instead of packing it up again , we went to the hardware store and got screws that fit . Once we got everything put together , the rails work great . They are sturdy enough for myself , my husband and 4 year old to snuggle in her bed every night while we read a bedtime story . We have n't had any issues with the bed slipping off the supports . Overall a good product , would be excellent if the right screws were included from the get go .
 I was thinking I would have to go purchase slats after reading some of the reviews on here , however , the rails have the normal standard lip you expect on rails and then there is a piece of wood attached that hangs over far enough that the boxsprings will not fall through ... SO , you do NOT need slats !! The hardware that came with it was EXACTLY what was needed and it went together in a few minutes ! -LRB- note
 I can not say enough good things about this monitor . the reception is awesome . We can hear everything that our little man is doing and it really makes me feel secure knowing that I can hear everything that he is doing . We liked the idea of the portability of the receivers and the range as to which you still get a good reception . I would highly recommend this monitor to anyone . Word for advice though , the monitor you put in your room for over night do n't bother with batteries . Just use the power cord that comes with the monitor . The 7 or so hours that it is one for sleep can eat up batteries . We went through a set of batteries in one week .
 These are the best monitors i have ever come across , they are crystal clear and i can hear my baby breathing if i want ! or i can just adjust the volume to only be able to hear him cry.Have had NO interference and they are so clear when i left the downstairs moitor on by accident one night i thought my baby was downstairs!Love the vibrate function so i can do yard work without worrying , they are small and convienient.If in doubt which ones to buy , buy these !!!!
 The monitor was a gift for a new mom and she loves it thank you .
 This monitor worked out very well in my home . I never had any problem with this monitor as far as not being able to hear my child or having the vibration brake -LRB- my husband used it often with the vibration mode on -RRB- . It did somewhat eat up the batteries if used remote frequently or with the vibration mode on -LRB- a cell phone will do the same if in the vibrate mode -RRB- . On an occassion or two it did pick up whole phone conversations -LRB- when my neighbor used a cordeless phone -RRB- in my immediate area . We just switched channels . It is a monitor that uses frequencies so if you think about it , it really should n't be unexpected to have run into this problem a time or two . If it happened more often and you could n't change channels I could see switching to a 2.4 or something . The only time it became a problem to own this monitor is when we moved . The only thing I could get was static . However , I moved to a new development where homes are still being built which may or may not have something to do with the problem . I also moved across country and had a moving company pack some of our belongings . It 's very possible it just got damaged in the move . I would definately say this monitor is worth buying and trying out . It is possible it may not work out for you due to cordless phone or other baby monitor use in your area or that the unit could be defective when bought as with any monitor you buy .
 Got this as a gift from the registry . Love it ! Sometimes it gives feedback but I change the channel and it stops .
 We 've had a great experience with this monitor.Pros :1 . The sound quality is crystal clear . It is extremely sensitive with no static at all .2 . The range is good - I can use it outside in the garden without a sacrifice in quality . The belt clip is helpful for such times .3 . The light readout is far more helpful than I had anticipated . It indicates the intensity of the sound on the other end with the number of lights . This is useful because if you routinely adjust the volume on the receiver as I do , it 's hard to objectively assess what 's going on in the other room based purely on the sound level . Also the visual feedback is useful for when you 're doing something noisy that does n't lend itself to wearing the receiver in vibrate mode-in my case that means showering or running on the treadmill.Con :1 . The monitor does eat batteries -LRB- as most of them do -RRB- . We generally leave it plugged in during overnights and just use the batteries when we carry the monitor during daytime naps .2 . After 6 months , the vibrate mode does n't work as well as it once did . I do n't use it much anyway , so this is n't much of a problem for me.I would definitely recommend this product . As with all monitors , however , keep your receipt until you 've tried it out at home . Every location has its own issues with interference and a unit that works great in one place may be less effective for you .
 This monitor has worked perfectly from the beginnning -- there are 2 receivers with this one -- which is great for upstairs and and downstairs . It 's vibration mode is also great when you have guests over or when you are working in the yard and are worried you might not hear the baby if he wakes up . I can go across the street and visit neighbors while my husband naps inside -- and it still works great so everyone is happy . We actually bought one with just one receiver -- so the 2 receiver is a must have b/c you do n't have to keep moving the receiver every where you go . There is also little or no static . Great monitor !
 Really like this monitor . Good sound , very little interference . The lights and vibration mode help when I 'm unable to hear . Goes through batteries quickly , so we leave it plugged in whenever possible . Definitely recommend this product .
 This monitor has worked out nicely for us . I always leave it plugged in so I do n't worry about it eating batteries . I have n't even used the vibrate mode so I would n't miss it if it stopped working . The sound is very clear but it does get occasional feedback .
 Living in NYC , we were concerned about finding a monitor that would transmit clearly ... and maybe even as far away as the laundry room , in the basement ! This monitor did both - we LOVE it . We 've used it at my parents ' house , a condo in Florida and our apartment in NYC and it 's great , no matter where we go . Totally recommend this . -LRB- The 4 stars is because there is occasional feedback which we ca n't seem to control , plus it goes through batteries fairly quickly . Otherwise , I 'd add the last star . -RRB-
 I love this monitor !!! It is very sensitive so I do n't worry that I will not hear my little girl . I love the fact that it has the vibrate option as when we have parties it is so nice to just put it in our pockets instead of having to listen . Also , very sensitive and as a first time mother this really helped me relax knowing I would hear her breathing at night . I highly recommend it and have had no interference or static with it . As with all baby stuff though , keep your receipt and try it out first .
 This monitor has done pretty well for us . It eats batteries kind of fast , but I hear that about all monitors . It can be fuzzy sometimes , but I just move the monitor a few inches and the fuzz goes away . I would recommend it .
 I researched various booster seats in hopes of finding one that I would feel secure enough for my 3 year old Son to ride in without the use of a 5 point harness , since most booster seats do not have a harness . We were ready for a new seat when I became concerned about how much the top of his head was not protected by his Britax Roundabout . Although , this seat is heavy , its heavy because it is made of the finest materials . My Son is well protected between the head bolsters , which is also comfortable for him when he naps on our outings . I would rather have an expensive , heavy and untrendy seat for my Son to ride in as long as he is safe . I now have peace of mind after buying this seat , knowing he 's in the best booster out on the market .
 I have a two year old who is growing out of her second car seat at about 30 + pounds . We have been researching other products for a while and finally decided on the recaro start seat . It is a very excellant seat with everything adjustable and easy to install . The growth capacity is very good . Even at just over 30lbs she seems to fit just right . The seat was a bit pricier than the others we looked at , but seems to be well worth it . Thanks to the recaro engineers for thinking of my kid !
 This booster seat is a monster . It has an aluminum frame that 's quite heavy , but wo n't slide around . The lady who complained about its weight probably does n't realize the safety of such a ruggedly built seat . It 's got adjustable side impact cushions , shoulder cushions , and a reclining seat . There are rubber rollers on either side that hold the seatbelt shoulder strap so that you do n't have to wind out the strap every time . This allows my toddler to buckle herself in ! It has stereo speakers built into the head side-cushions . The audio input is through a 1/8 '' stereo minijack . I plan to use these when I get an in-car DVD player . Awesome . But do n't buy it from Amazon . Buy it from Toys R Us at $ 199 !
 Yes - the seat is monst - big , heavy and bulky.If you are transferring the seat often - this is NOT one that makes the transfer easy - esepcially if you add the foot rest.That being said - this seat is built the same way the RECARO `` racing '' seats are made : -- aluminim frame -- Suspended rubber mat -- High density `` visco elastic '' foam -LRB- it softens under body temp -RRB- The belt cam at the top makes it easy to buckle in/out as you dont have to wind out the strap out each time.As far as I can tell , this is no longer imported per seHowever it appears to be availabe as a `` Special needs '' seatI love this eat - it appears to be the safest thing out there .
 This wonderful &#34; stroller &#34; saved so much time and space when my little ones first came home and months after.Fits many a newborn car seat , and fits easily in many a trunk.Worth every dime .
 I would have been LOST without this stroller in the first few months of my twins ' lives ! Easy to clean , easy to close , easy to use . Perfect . The only bad thing I have to say is that the some car seat brands do n't strap in tight without using the stroller straps ... which is a pain in the butt . But I used two Graco seats , and I felt comfortable not using the straps .
 It is the lightest double stroller available . It just holds car seats . We have Chico Keyfit 30 seats . I had to add a piece of wood 2x2 across the frame to keep the front of the seat farthest from the handle from falling down too far . That was the only serious shortcoming I have found . The other issue is that you have to take a seat out to get stuff out of the storage area at the bottom .
 This stroller has been great for our twins . It is light weight , easy to fold up , and stores in a reasonable amount of space . The only down side is that there is minimal/no leg space with our Chicco Keyfit car seats , the back seat goes a little under the front seat . It takes a little bit of forcing to get them both in . If not for leg space issues , I would have given 5 stars . I would put it as a must have for newborn twins .
 This stroller made life possible for me as a new mom of twins ! It 's fast and easy to use and does n't take up a ton of room . It only lasts the first 6 or 8 or so months until the babies get too big and their feet start to get crammed , but it 's great ! And easy to resell too ! Fits all baby trend car seats ! The basket is big enough to hold the diaper bag and items you plan to purchase from the store ! This how I shopped ! It 's a godsend !
 With my first son , we bought a `` travel system '' stroller and car seat . As he got older I realized I avoided using the stroller b/c it was large and heavy , and was n't easy to fit into my trunk . I wished I had bought a stroller with the longer term in mind since the infant seat is used for only the first 9-12 months . By 7-8 months of age , babies can comfortably ride in a stroller without the infant seat.So , when I found out I was expecting twins I was much pickier about the stroller we would buy . After looking at tons of strollers , we settled on this one to use for their first year b/c it is so lightweight and easy to use . It 's as easy as can be to lift the light stroller frame out of the car , and snap the seats right into it . It swivels and steers as easily as I would expect any tandem stroller to.The only drawback is that it is difficult to access diaper bags in the bottom compartment when both baby seats are in the stroller . However , this has not hindered us from using this stroller frequently when we take the babies out on walks or shopping . I simply bring a large empty beach bag when shopping with the babies alone , fill the bag as I shop , and have the cashier return my merchandise to the bag after I pay . It 's enabled me to get out of the house with the babies fairly easily to have this easy to use stroller . I highly recommend it.Just an addition - My babies are now 8 months old and we just purchased the Graco IPO twin as a lightweight stroller for 2 toddlers . It 's significantly lighter , smaller , and has a higher weight capacity for kids than many other twin strollers so this stroller frame definitely enabled us to get an easier toddler stroller .
 Where was this when I was having children 40 years ago . What a great product . My Niece was the recipient and she raves about it . She had twins and the carriage is perfect to snap out and place back in the baby seats . Life is easy when you have products like this that make life less of a challange
 I would totally recommend this stroller . The car seats click in & out with no problems . Its convenient , light weight , & lies flat in the trunk of my van leaving plenty of trunk space . I especially love the storage space . There 's plenty of room for storing pretty much anything for baby & siblings . Its folds & unfolds easy as well . I do n't know what I would have done without this stroller for my twin girls !
 It folds well , is sturdy , holds both seats firmly . I would recommend this stroller for schlepping the babies in their seats to the doctor , mall , etc. but the tires are not made for long walks on the streets/sidewalks . The rubber will wear down quicker that way . The frame is strong enough , but does n't seem to be made for rugged walking paths or rough surfaced streets.My only criticism is that once the babies ' legs get longer , the baby in the second row will not have much legroom . It seems that this stroller ought to accommodate the babies until they outgrow their seats.The drink holders work well , but I would not put a piping hot 20 ounce coffee in them and go over a bump . I have n't done that , but can see it is possible .
 I was worried that this product would n't work with Chico KeyFit 30 when I first tried it , but after looking online I found that it does work if you make a few minor adjustments to the stroller frame and finagle it a bit . First , you have to remove the two 1 '' bars and one flat bar that go horizontally across the frame ; we used a wrench and a Phillips screwdriver to do this very easily . Then , you can fit the two carseats in as shown in this video
 We did n't invest in one of these snap and go 's for our 1st child , but once we learned about the twins , I knew it was a definite must-have . It 's so much easier to go out with one of these as opposed to the larger double strollers . Mommy even ventureed out for a walk with twins and a 3 year old - it 's that easy to manuever .
 Assembly instructions easy to follow and quick to put together . Also like that the stroller breaks down easily and small enough to put in a car trunk . Securely accommodates our Graco Snugride car seats . Cons would be that once they outgrow their infant seats , the stroller is no longer useful . Also , once the seats are in place , the bottom basket is no longer accessible , not really an issue for me but seems kind of odd . Even though the stroller feels like you are driving a bus , the front wheels make turns easily . The drink/bottle holder and small compartment near the handle are convenient . Would recommend this product.Update
 I used this stroller every day when dropping off/picking up from daycare . It 's perfect for everyday , quick trips to daycare , the doctor , small grocery store trips . It 's somewhat difficult to maneuver and is a fairly bumpy ride . So , a second baby jogger-type stroller is better for days at the park or walks in the neighborhood.It is very lightweight , easy to fold and literally throw in the back of the car.Once you get to where you do n't want to lug your heavy babies in their carseats anymore then it 's time to get yourself a double umbrella stroller for the everyday stuff . But , this is perfect until that point . We used it for our twins until they were 7 months old . By then , I was tired of pulling their carseats out of the car everyday.Great price and easy to resell
 Like some of the folks on here , I have recently begun having a problem with the twins kicking each other , depending on who 's in the back . I have already decided that I do n't want front/back strollers later , because of this concern , but never expected that they 'd begin while in their infant carriers ! LOL Up until this point , this stroller has been a Godsend . My guys are n't quite ready to graduate out of the carriers yet , so we have to deal with it ... but given the other options out there , I 'd buy this stroller again and again .
 Where were these strollers with my first child ?! I love how light weight and easy to use this is . Especially with two car seats , I would hate anything bulky.Because it is narrow -LRB- one seat in front of the other -RRB- , it is easy to navigate in stores , through doors , etc.It is so easy to snap the car seats it , I 'll miss it when my babies are no longer in the removable car seats.This is a perfect stroller . Not only is it economical it is practical .
 We got this stroller for our twins . We were worried it would n't fit our car seats -LRB- Snugride 35 -RRB- but everything fit nicely . Looking forward to using it this spring .
 WE have 2 little girls due very soon . We ordered this stroller due to the great reviews . We took the stroller to `` R '' us , and checked on car seats , and their fit . Well unfortunately i was unaware that the bars that come attatched needed to be moved around . Once i figured that out ; Baby trend car seats worked great and with a moved bar the seats snapped in tightly and the stroller straps provided extra security . The Graco also fit very nicely . Graco seemed to have that Lexus Vs Toyota feeling comparing Graco to Baby trend but Baby trend is the maker of the stroller and was cheaper -LRB- -LRB- Toyota -RRB- Less expensive but still the same thing -RRB- so i figured i cant go wrong , The stroller handles very nicely and stears easily even being so long and with 2 car seats on it . ill update if needed .
 I say beginner , because I am a first time mom of twins , so this was a great stroller to figure out what I like and did n't like . I requested this stroller because I did n't want a travel system that rivaled a Burlington Northern Train route . It is a great stroller . I did the research on what which brand of infant car seats I would need to work in the stroller . I think that is where some people do n't pay attention . I was given a Grace Discovery and we bought a Baby Trent Phantom for the other twin . It was easy to put together , but we did have to decide based on the directions which twin would go where since it was two different infant seats . I think the most common complaint I have read has been related to getting to the storage area underneath . Yes it is a pain , but I only used this stroller for quick trips . It was n't that hard to get out a diaper , wipes , and a changing pad . It folded up quite nice and easy . I was able to put Playtex sipsters size 1 into the cup holders , and I used my mommy hook on the handle to hold my purse . Great stroller for twins for those first 6-9 months . Wish I had gotten a Baby Trent Jogging stroller .
 I purchased this as an attempt to make things a little easier . Mission accomplished . It is so light weight and easy to use . I love it . The only problem I forsee in the future is when my boys little legs are longer than the car seat . I have only had this for about a week and it has already been worth the money !
 We bought this when unexpectedly overseas without a stroller . We needed something that could hold two infant car seats and was essentially disposable -LRB- as we only needed it for one day -RRB- . This stroller was it . It was cheap , which is obvious from it 's build , and our car seats -LRB- peg perago -RRB- were secured at one end only , so extreme care must be taken when pushing the stroller over curbs etc so the seats do n't topple over . That said , for around $ 100 , I was surprised by how sturdy it otherwise looks .
 This is easily the EASIEST assembly I 've ever done for a stroller -LRB- okay its the ONLY assembly I 've done for a stroller -RRB- But it could n't get any easier.You just pull out the stroller , pop on the 4 wheels , the bar in the back of the under stroller storage part , and finally the cup holder all just EASILY snap into place . LOVE the storage part on the cup holder its just right for a cell phone.Even a pregnant woman in the later stages of pregnancy would have NO Problem at all assembling this item and it EASILY folds down with just one hand.I originally had the single Baby Trend stroller but upgraded to the double stroller because my original stroller stopped folding down after it was left out in the rain . Unlike most people who would buy this Double Stroller product , I 'm going to be using this product as an all terrain cart to carry groceries back home and laundry to and from the laundry mat like I have with my original Baby Trends single stroller since I do not have a vehicle .
 In 2008 we unexpectedly found out we were having identical twins which would be our 3rd and 4th children . We are a one income household so that I could be a stay at home mom so I did not have $ 400 to $ 700 to spend on a twin stroller that started at the infant stage . If you are just begining your research or are purchasing for a loved one who is expecting , please note that very few double strollers will actually accommodate infant twins.This stroller is amazing . It was easy to assemble -LRB- took only 30 minutes -RRB- and customizes to your car seats . It folds up very flat -LRB- much more so than a regular double stroller -RRB- . It is very lightweight and pops out to full size with no problems . I have had it in a car trunk and the back of the van so it can go in multiple vehicle sizes.I think the absolute best part is the convenience factor . My twins were born in December so it was such a comfort not to have to take them out of a nice warm car seat and put them into a cold stroller seat . You simply lift your car seat off the base and pop it into the stroller and lock it down . Babies remain undisturbed and out of the elements . The car seat also helped to shield them from people and germs when they did have to be in public . I would pull the sun shield up and lay a blanket over it and drape it over the handle to deter people from leaning over the babies . Trust me - you can not be too protective when they 've been in the NICU.The maneuverability is also better than average . It gets around a lot easier than the double stroller I have now - probably due to it 's weight . I would push it into the exam room at the doctor and it made it simple to do one baby exam at a time . I did not always have the luxury of having someone to accompany me when I had to get out with the twins and this system made it easy to do by myself with confidence . The metal frame also worked for being creative with options . I purchased a screw on umbrella from CVS that fit on the frame and it worked as an excellent sun shield for summer . The large basket underneath was big enough for a large diaper bag and my purse.All in all , the value , design , resell and convenience of this can not be beat . You have to buy car seats so this just maximizes their use and value as well . I wish I had known about the single option when my first child was born and I would have purchaed it instead of the crappy `` stroller system '' that I overpaid and underutilized due to it 's multiple design flaws . If you go with this one you will not regret it .
 This is the best invention ever . It is so light weight , such a snap to open & close , does n't take up much space in the house or trunk of car , and a cinch to assemble . I highly recommend it .
 This is a MUST HAVE for anyone with twins ! The first one we received had a broken piece ... BUT ... Amazon replaced it immediately with NO hassles ! It is VERY light and easy to use . It will save your back !! I absolutely LOVE this !!!
 We use it a couple times a week at least ... and love it.pros
 This is a great purchase . I bought this stroller for my twin girls . I wanted something that would make my life easier with two car seats . It is very easy to use and lightweight compared to other twin strollers . I have used this several times to go to the doctors and grocery store and would recommend it to any twin parent .
 We bought the baby trend double snap n go thinking we were not going to get much use out of it . However , to date it is the best investment that we have made . Our twins are now almost 4 months old and we use the snap n go all the time to go to doctor visits , grandma 's house , restaurants , etc. . It hardly takes up any room and it 's easy to open and fold . It 's very easy to move the babies in this because you do n't have to keep taking them out of their car seat into the stroller and it 's much more lightweight then the travel systems out there . We are very satisfied with our purchase .
 I ca n't say enough about this AMAZING product.It 's super light weight and actually pretty easy to push compared to other front back strollers . I love that you can easily flip the front carseat holder back and use it like a single snap N go stroller if you are only taking one baby out -LRB- that was my favorite feature -RRB- I was so sad when the twisn out grew their infant carseats and I had to move to a new stroller . BTW ... the stoller holds it 's value well . I sold mine for about 80 % of what I paid for it !!!!! : -RRB-
 It works with my Chicco Keyfit 30 car seats . It 's a little tricky and a tight fit , but it works . There is a youtube video that shows you how , which was the only way I figured it out!On the downside , using the Chicco car seats makes storage basket almost un-useable . You have to put your things in prior to putting both car seats in . You can reach things from the side , but if you wanted to take the diaper bag out , you would need to take a car seat off to do so . Regardless of this , I think it 's a great product for twins -- It 's lightweight and fits easily in the back of my Trailblazer . In addition , the handle is low enough that my older son can `` help '' push if he 's with me as well . Plus , there are 2 cupholders . Cupholders are essential.I have 3 month old twins and a 21/2 year old , so we also purchased a stroller to accomodate all 3 -LRB- the Joovy Big Caboose - I love it , but it 's a beast -RRB- . I did n't want to purchase a different tandem stroller because I figured we would need some way to cart/contain all 3 kids and the Joovy seemed like the best option for twins and an older child . I 'm sure I 'll end up with at least 1 more double stroller -LRB- probably a side-by-side -RRB- as the twins get older ... it 's all a learning process to figure out what works best for your family and your lifestyle .
 This stroller fits my needs perfectly . I use it when I need to transport my two grand-daughters , who are only 6 weeks apart in age . They both have a different brand of car seat and it was easy to set up the stoller to hold both the brands -LRB- Graco and Chicco -RRB- . The stroller folds up easily and fits in the back of my SUV . It is easy enough to maneuver through the doorway of the daycare building and it is also very easy to turn around . I could n't imagine trying to carry two babies in car seats without this . I am very happy with my purchase .
 This is very nice to have . My daughter has triplets . They had one that was for one carseat . Having a second one for two is great . Now both husband and wife have a stroller to push . Also it is convenient -LRB- because having three infants -RRB- to just place the carseat into this instead of getting each child out of the carseat and placing them in a stroller . Also most strollers are designed for older children not infants . So this is great for them .
 After I calmed down from the shock of twins , I started looking up strollers to accomodate them . I had seen a girl pushing one around a year earlier and it looked easy and convenient . It definitely is . We purchased the Chicco Keyfit 30 car seats and at first , I was disappointed that these were the only compatible car seats that did n't lock into the stroller -LRB- they do n't say that anywhere but in the manual after you purchase the stroller -RRB- , but they sit down deep enough and it has buckles so the seats are still very secure in the stroller . It minimizes the space in the compartment below , but it has n't been a huge issue for us . It 's cheap enough that you will still get your moneys worth later when then twins do n't fit in their car seats anymore and you wo n't be able to use this stroller . I use it everyday to take them in and out of daycare and to pull behind the shopping cart at the grocery store . I can maneuver it with one hand when my 2 years old wants to be held too or for the many other daily tasks I encounter . I definitely recommend this stroller .
 Purchased this for my niece , but it was 1 thing she really wanted from her shower .
 This stroller is a life saver . I recently had Twin Baby Boys and it is very easy to get around everywhere now . When I want to go by myself to shop , go to the park with my other kids and go to the mall , I can do it all by myself without carrying two car seats . Plus it is very easy to just take the car seats out of the stroller and put them in my car and it folds fast and easy and fits perfectly in my car trunk . I recommend this stroller to anybody that recently had twins .
 This was fantastic when my twins were little . I used it up until they were about 10 months old when they got too long for their carseats . I had Graco SafeSeats and they fit perfectly in this stroller . The snap-n-go fit nicely in my Camry hybrid trunk -LRB- which is smaller than the regular Camry -RRB- and I could still get groceries in there too . It was super easy to pop the kids in and out of the car into this stroller . Made errands easier to do . It has a decent mommy tray , yes you can have a cup of coffee and push your kids around in the stroller too ! Of course , when they were really tiny I did n't have the snap n go , I was carrying them both around in their carseats everywhere ! I saw the pictures of the snap n go , but at first did n't get why they were selling just the frame ! I really loved this stroller , but knew it was time for a different one when the twins got heavier , it was harder to push and maneuver . I upgraded to the City Select -LRB- hated spending the money , but it is a good tandem stroller too -RRB- because it was the only thing that would fold flat enough to fit in my trunk ! I would say this was an essential piece of gear for the twins ' first year .
 Before I had my twins , I wanted to do all the research I could on strollers and carriers . I researched strollers for months and wanted all the bells and whistles . Well , my husband and I went to Toys R Us and had a `` hands on '' experience with each double stroller . I had my heart set on the Graco Quattro Tour Duo Stroller and NOTHING was going to change my mind ! Well , once I had my hands on it and tried 2 infant seats in it , it did n't meet my expectations ! The stroller was very heavy to lift , steer , and a struggle to get the carseats in ! I had to literally turn one seat vertical just to get it in ! Ugh ... We tried the Baby Trend stroller and I was still unsure b/c it was n't much to look at ... Well , we finally decided to start with the Baby Trend double Snap N Go stroller and get another later if I did n't like it . Well , after using it for 2 months , I am in LOVE with it ! You ca n't really go anywhere without it if you are by yourself and have 2 carriers ... It is soooo easy to set up , manuever , pick up , etc. . I absolutely LOVE this stroller ! The only thing that I would like to see them fix is to have a drop down basket . It 's hard to get in and out of the basket , but I 'll take it over a bulky-HEAVY stroller any day ! When the girls get big enough we 'll get an umbrella double stroller for them to sit in , but for now , this is the stroller for us and I am SURE you would agree ! We bought Graco Snugride carriers and they fit PERFECT ! IT was sooooo easy to adjust the settings to fit the carriers and I LOVE the fact that we can adjust them for another type of stroller . That gives anyone the opportunity to be able to use this stroller . It has 2 cupholders and a small storage with a closing top on the handle bar . Easy to fold and lock ... . Just ca n't say enough about it ! Hope this helps !!!
 This stroller is a simple metal-and-plastic frame which is light and collapsible -LRB- fits in the trunk of a Mini Cooper -RRB- , and designed to hold two car seats . Some assembly required ; cross bars need to be screwed in place with locations determined by the make and model of your car seat -LRB- and the instructions for this take a little deciphering -RRB- . But at least until the twins fit into a larger stroller , this makes for an ideal way to walk them around . And the stroller has handled cobblestone streets , snow and ice without any difficulty . The bin underneath the stroller also comes in handy , though it 's a little hard to access when the car seats are in place.But for the ability to carry twins in style , it 's essential gear for at least the first six months .
 We are having twins and had the car seats , we just did n't have the stroller . It was cheaper buying this instead of a double car stroller . We have 2 different car seats and they both are stable and worked great with the stroller .
 MUCH BETTER VALUE THAN ANY PLACE ELSE - AND FREE SHIPPING AND IT TOOK ONLY ABOUT 3 DAYS TO RECEIVED . DOUBLE FOR MY GRAND TWINS . EXCELLENT
 Just what we were looking for . Easy to put togther , just follow the instructions . Folds up like a regular double stroller . Light weight . Car seats snap in real easy . Ours are also Baby Trend items . We use it for every little trip , its an arm saver !
 Very pleased with this purchase and wish we 'd bought it sooner . It is so easy to use . The car seats just snap right in . Plus the stroller unfolds and folds up very quickly and easily . We love it .
 This is a wonderful item . It is light weight and easy to handle . You need all the help that you can get when there are twins.It was easy to assemble and is quite nimble with double car seats attached.I highly recommend this product .
 We have been going out with the twins for over 3 months now . First of all it is incredibelly easy to fold and unfold . Very light indeed especailly if you compare it to a stroller . The comfort of putting the babies in their car seats is great . To my surprise , it is very easy to manouver despite the lenght of it . I think any twin 's parent would enjoy using it and the price is certainly right . I use it with Graco car seats which click right away.There are two issues you should consider , however , before buying . The first is the lenght issue . It is long natuarally because it inhibits twins . But it stays long when folded as well . So if you have a sedan , this probably wo n't fit in the back . It barely fits a small size SUV , so be sure to check the folded length if you can . The second downside is the basket is almost inaccesible when you install both babies . It is big however , so if you can slip in the things you want to carry , it holds a lot.I would recommend buying a mommy-hook to go with it since you need a place to hang your bag .
 We have been using this stroller for 5 months with our twins and we love it . I ca n't imagine how we would ever have gotten out of the house without it . We have two Graco Snugride car seats that snap into it very easily . We just got a double Maclaren umbrella stroller for the next stage , and it does n't fold up as easily as this one . We 'll miss it when the twins outgrow their car seats.Key positives : -- extremely easy to open and close ; takes hardly any time and you can do it with just one hand -- light , folds down very compactly -- good storage space beneath -- steering/turning is very smooth -- two cup holders -- durable frameI also highly recommend getting a `` mommy hook '' to go with this stroller . I can attach a couple of shopping bags to the stroller handle with the mommy hook and do grocery shopping . The stroller does n't tip or suffer at all even with a couple of very heavy bags attached to the handle .
 Hands down the best stroller for newborn twins !! When I first had my twins , I used the Graco DuoGlider monstrosity with the Safeseats . The seats were hard to get on the stroller and even harder still to get them off . So much for letting the baby sleep!When I got this stroller I was in awe at how light it was , how little space it took up -LRB- in contrast to the Graco -RRB- , how HUGE the basket was , and how easy it was to use.The car seats just snap on , buckle in , and you 're ready to go . -LRB- My model also had straps to secure the seats , I ca n't tell if this one does or not -RRB- It seriously lives up to it 's name !! I did n't have the problem other reviewers have with the babies being smushed ... my son was quite large & he never had any issues . However , we did learn the hard way to make sure you load the baby nearest you first and unload him/her last . The stroller WILL tip if you do n't do it in the right order.The only complaint is that you feel like the engineer of a train ... it 's pretty long !! But easy to cope with for the convenience it provides !
 Have had the Snap and Go double stroller for a month now and it has performed quite well . I had to read the instructions to understand how my type of car seat fit the stroller , but once I did that and changed the adjustable bars , it fit perfectly . I have not found it difficult to get around and up hills . Not meant for a jogging stroller , but excellent , compact option otherwise .
 I 've been using this stroller for about four months and have been very happy with it . It 's lightweight , easy to fold and unfold -LRB- I can do it with one hand -RRB- and is very easy to steer -LRB- again , one hand -RRB- . We have Snugrides and they fit well.The only reason I subtracted a star is because the directions could have been a lot clearer . It requires some assembly and the pictures did n't quite match the parts I had . The drink tray was n't even mentioned in the directions . Now this is n't an essential part and it just snapped into place , but when you are assembling something that may affect your children 's safety , you really do n't want to have pieces left over .
 I love this stroller . It has `` allowed '' me to be more mobile and go out more with my twins . Very lightweight and the one-handed fold feature is fantastic . If you have twins or are having twins ... do n't go without this stroller ! It is wonderful !!!
 We have been using this stroller from day 1 with our now 21/2 month old twins . We live in a high-rise apartment building on the 6th floor down a long hallway . It 's been a complete life-saver getting the boys from the parking garage to our door . The basket below is quite large . I usually hang the diaper bag from the handle bar & fill the basket with whatever I need to -LRB- groceries , etc. . . -RRB- then snap the boys in on top . This allows me to do small shopping trips on my own and be able to get everyone and everything into the apartment by myself . We 'll start using our duoglider more after they have outgrown this stroller , but the basket in the duoglider only holds about 2/3 of what this one does in the basket .
 This makes traveling with twins a breeze . LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!A definate must have
 Pros : - light weight - Easy to open and close - it is a convenient choice to use for twin stroller with car seatsCons : - For Chico car seats , there are two sets of belts on snap and go that has to be fastened when car seats are set on the snap and go . unfortunately there is a design issue with the belts , they keep getting jammed when opening snap and go . Often I find out about the belt being jammed after the car seats are already on the snap n go and then I have to remove both car seats to try closing the snap n go and move the belt . It is very inconvenient . - The size of snap n go closed is more than you expect and it will take a good amount of space on the trunk
 When we found out we were having triplets , we like all other multiple parents bought a stroller to accommodate all the babies . The stroller is so large that we can not even fit it into a mini van . We have to purchase a large SUV or Full size van to go anywhere.We bought the Latch Lock carriers from baby trend and we just love them . When we saw the stroller that went along with them . We decided to order the Double Snap N Go.The stroller comes all put together , you just need to snap on the wheels . Then comes the fun part . The stroller is made for many different brands of carriers . You find the carrier you are using in the instruction manual and then you remove bars or rearrange them to fit your carrier . It is very simple and all the parts are well labeled.The carriers just snap on to the top , just like when you snap them into the base that is in the car . There is a strap that goes over the lower half of the carrier to prevent it from rocking or coming off the stroller . It is great because you do not have to unsnap your baby from the car seat and them snap them into the stroller . No need to transfer toys and blankets from car seat to stroller . What a time saver.It is very light weight and easy to set up . I pull it out of the trunk and just snap and lock it into place . I then just snap the carriers in place and we are off . It takes up the same amount of room that a normal single travel system would take up.For all you shoppers out there . I took the stroller into a women 's clothing store and was able to easily navigate the store . The stroller handles very well . The front wheels are adjustable . You can set them for straight ahead or let them rotate.Because we have 3 babies , we easily become a tourist attraction . The stroller handles so well that I was able to move swiftly and accurately through spectators and display racks.We love the Double Snap N Go so much that we have asked for the Single Snap N Go for our Baby Shower .
 Pros :1 -RRB- incredibly lightweight2 -RRB- easy to open3 -RRB- easy to fold and store4 -RRB- can put babies in without waking them5 -RRB- good-sized basket underneath6 -RRB- surprisingly easy to steer7 -RRB- extremely durableCons :1 -RRB- You ca n't use it once they outgrow their seats , so if you have one -LRB- or two ! -RRB- fast growing twin , the time you will be able to use this is limitedOverall a fantastic product -- this was the only stroller I used until my twins were around 12 months old . After that , they moved into the Moutain Buggy Double Urban , and it has been fantastic.I highly recommend this product -- so much easier than transfering twins -LRB- esp . floppy newborn ones -RRB- into a heavy , unwieldy stroller .
 I was hesitant to purchase this due to one of the reviews that claimed incompatibility with Graco Snugrides.Since old version was n't availalbe , I went ahead and purchased this new version . The review turned out to be false.You have to adjust the bars for Graco but , once adjusted , my two new Snugrides fitted well . Adjustment instruction for Graco and others car seat is described in the manual.The new version also looks well constructed . I gave 4 stars since I have n't used it with our twins yet .
 I am very happy with this product . We originally purchased another `` high end '' dual stroller , however we eventually realized how cumbersome and heavy it was . Certainly not easy for a mom that just had a C-section to maneuver out of a car . So we bought this snap and go frame . Lightweight -LRB- 1/3 the weight of our other stroller -RRB- , easy to transport -LRB- built in carrying handle is a plus -RRB- . Super easy to unfold . Relatively easy to set up and fit for seats . Fits our seats -LRB- Graco snug ride -RRB- , and is well made.Another reviewer noted that the two car seats can be close and smush the rear baby 's feet . I found that by adjusting the bar height adjustments -LRB- you can mount in `` up '' or `` down '' position -RRB- , you can create a good amount of seperation between the car seats . I placed both bars in the down position -LRB- in fact the front , I mounted underneath the rails instead of on top -RRB- . This angles the seats slightly to create some foot room for the rear occupant.All in all , it was all that I hoped it would be . Very helpful and portable .
 We have been using this stroller since our twins were born 6 months ago . It was easy to put together , and in the manual has instructions to install the silver bars for many different car seats . We have two Graco Snugride car seats that fit wonderful.The stroller is light , easy to fold and unfold , quick to snap in the seats , and turns great . It is also nice and slim for grocery or mall shopping . Just takes some practice with how long it is.I agree with the review that said the straps to secure the car seats get caught in the frame every time you unfold it . I found that by clicking the straps back together before I folded it got rid of this problem.The basket below is nice and big . Only problem is getting things back out once the car seats are in place . I drape my diaper bag over the handle and put the small thing below
 Very easy to open and close and it 's so easy to maneuver . It beats those horrid tandem strollers ! It does n't work so well with the new Graco SafeT Seat carseats however , they are a little longer than the other carseats and do n't latch properly onto the frame . If you have twins , get this stroller !
 I bought a Bob Revolution Duallie stroller with the car seat adapter , not knowing that it only would hold one car seat - and I 'm having twins ! After much searching , I found this inexpensive stroller that would hold 2 car seats and not take up a ton of room in my vehicle -LRB- or stores , pediatricians office , etc. . -RRB- . I was a bit skeptical after reading some reviews because I have Grace snugride carseats - but it is a wonderful product . I put it together in no time at all and adjusted the bars for the perfect fit with my Grace car seats ! My twins are n't here yet , but I know this will get a lot of use while they are in their car seats ! It is easy to maneuver and fold and unfold . The basket seems roomy enough and the parent tray is the bomb ! It is true you will only use it while they are in their car seats , but at $ 89 -LRB- WalMart -RRB- - my sanity and ease of movement is worth every penny ! Good luck - if you are having twins , this is a must !
 I could n't imagine life without this stroller . I was on the waitlist here at Amazon until the new stroller came out in June of 2007-My twins were born in May . This stroller is 10 times better than the older blue version . This is only a small investment in keeping your sanity while trying to `` haul '' around twins . The Graco Carseats -LRB- Safe Seat -RRB- that we use work perfect in this stroller . It 's easy to steer , folds down to a reasonable size -LRB- fits in the back of our SUV and car trunk -RRB- , has a nice size pouch for storage under the seats and the cup holders on the parent tray are awesome . We use the little compartment between the cup holders to hold a small bottle of hand-santizer and trial-size tissue . I also loved the fact that the kids were `` in-line '' facing me , so I could easily monitor them . Yes , this stroller is only good while the kids are in infant seats , but trust me this is worth every dime !
 This stroller is a dream come true for infant twins !! I was concerned when I read the online reviews that questioned Graco compatibility , but we had no problems with ours . We use Graco SnugRide Infant Car Seats and they fit perfectly.This stroller has been such a life saver for us !! I 'm a short mommy and I was worried that I would not be able to go anywhere alone every again but this stroller unfolds easily , holds cups -LRB- or bottles -RRB- , it has a small space for my keys , it fits through every door I 've ever walked in , the basket has plenty of room for the diperbag , and best of all I can steer it with one hand !! It 's true that the life span of the stroller is limited to the time my boys will be in their infant car seats but believe me , the time I 've had with it will be treasured !! I have a side by side that we use for night time walks and I hate it . Trust me , the price you pay for this stroller will be worth it for the months you can use it.Best Wishes !!!!
 My husband and I bought the double snap n go for our twins . We wanted the Chicco car seats since they seemed to be great car seats & we had read that they may OR may NOT work with the double snap n go . The booklet that came with the snap n go said they would fit . We watched a video on you tube that a lady posted to instruct people on HOW to get 2 chicco car seats to fit in the double snap n go . After watching the video several times , we did get them to fit . And YES technically they do fit IF you squeeze them in there . Only problem with that is that once you squeeze the second car seat in , it makes the first one pop up a little bit . Yes you can use the snap straps to snuggly hold it to the frame , but it just felt unsafe . We wondered if there was an older and a newer model & that perhaps they fit in the older model , but not the new one ?? Not sure , but we did not feel safe using the snap n go with the car seats as is . I was ready to return it since it did NOT work with the Chicco car seats , but my husband was eager to make it work . We had looked at many double strollers & most of them were bulky & heavy ! My husband modified the double snap n go to extend the car seat frame about 2 inches . This enabled the second car seat to sit down into the frame securely . And even with the modifications , we were able to fold the frame as IF it was original . So far we have been using this stroller for 4 months & it has worked well -LRB- after modification -RRB- . We have had to grease the wheels a few times to keep them rolling smoothly , but so far ... so good . The wheels are large enough to provide a nice smooth ride . We took it across gravel once , but mostly we stay on paved areas . Not sure how it will do on grassy areas . The babies seem to enjoy the ride . The parent tray on top is a nice feature that allows you to put 2 drinks in the top -LRB- or 2 bottles for the twins -RRB- . There is a small compartment on the tray , but it doesnt hold much ... maybe some change or a car key . I can fit a scrunchie and small key ring inside , but that is it . I have noticed recently that the little door to the compartment is starting to warp . It still closes and latches , but pops up a bit . I have a feeling the heat from the summer sun has taken its toll on it . The storage space underneath is rather large compared to most strollers . We havent used it too much , but when we have -- we have really loaded it up . It seems to hold a good amount of stuff . I was able to fit a few pots/pans , 5 dvds and a few cookbooks underneath when we went to the flea market . Pretty decent storage ! However , I do NOT think my HUGE diaper bag would fit under there since it is bulky . Instead I bought a Mommy Hook and just clip it to the handle bar . Bonus storage space ! Only thing about that is that you have to remember to take the diaper bag off 1st and put it on last -- as to avoid tipping . You want to make sure the twins are weighing it down before attaching the bag to the handle . Another great feature is that this stroller folds up easily . I can almost do it one handed ! There is a small latch that allows you to lock the stroller closed once folded up . It folds and unfolds very easily ! The snap straps are a nice feature that adds security to the stroller . It helps hold the car seat snugly in the frame . One tip though -- snap the straps back together before folding the frame up . Otherwise , the unclipped loose straps can get caught in the frame when you go to unfold it again on the next use . After a few times of this happening , you will surely take a few extra moments to clip the snap straps back together before folding the frame up ! It can be rather aggravating . Another nice feature is that it is lightweight . I am able to lift it in and out of the car without help from the hubby & I am no muscle woman . It is not a small stroller , but it is smaller than most regular double strollers . It takes up about half to one-third of my trunk space in my grand cherokee . Not too shabby.Overall , a good product IF your car seats fit in it . I would buy again , but would not recommend to others who plan to use Chicco car seats unless they want to try to modify the frame to fit .
 This would have received 5 starts if not for the horrible instructions that came with the product . Baby Trend needs to work on them IMMEDIATELY so that poor pregnant women like myself are not so frustrated trying to figure it out ! If you use the Chicco Car Seats -LRB- Key Fit 30 -RRB- view this video the help learn how they seats work with the Double Snap n Go ... -LSB- ... -RSB- Now that we have figured THAT part out , we are very happy with the product . Baby Trend needs to pay this woman for her assistance . :-RRB- Best of luck to you !!!
 I used this for a good 5 months with our twins and the Keyfit 30 seats . It works . I saw the video on youtube , but I actually put them in a little differently . I put the back seat in first , and then put the front seat in . You have to push it down deeper than you think . It takes a little pressure to get it in nice and snug . But once you get them in and strapped , you are good to go ! The seats do not lock on , but you do n't need them to if you have them sitting in there and strapped properly . For the price , I got more than my money 's use out of it . My only complaint is that you really ca n't reach the bottom basket very well with the seats on it .
 We got this Baby Trend for our newborn twins for use with Chicco car seats . After reading a couple of negative reviews about this frame not holding the carseat firmly , I still ordered thinking that the manufacturer would n't rate it for use with the Chicco 's if it did n't work . Turns out to work very well -LRB- both seats are very secure -RRB- , the trick is to be sure to remove the snap bars that other car seats use and then the seats rest in between the frame rails with the strap simply holding them down . There is a nice youtube video out there that shows exactly how to set the Chicco 's in place , there is a little trick to getting the second seat in , which made life much easier . The manual left a lot to the imagination , but the video is quite helpful . Since the Chicco car seats were rated safest , we did n't want to change brands of seat . We would recommend to a friend and purchase again .
 This double stroller fits the Graco Snugride 35 carseats perfectly . Just be sure to move the bars into the proper position for your seats . I had to have my husbands help . I think it needed a socket wrench . It 's super sturdy , folds up super small and is really light . I can have the babies in it in a snap . We use it on the bike trails and also to go shopping with . The only negative is the basket underneath . It 's hard to access when the car seats are in , but I do n't use it a lot .
 First of all , everything the reviews say is true . So easy to put together , so easy to maneuver , snap in place and go . I can pull it out of my car and lock it with one hand . Then just snap the double section in place and go ! It fits so easily in the smallest of stores and with my twins and toddler , I can easily get from one place to another . It has a nice size basket that while can be a little bit annoying trying to get in when the seats are in place , is well worth the space for carrying a diaper bag , blankets , and whatever else you may need . The only thing I would mention that I did n't see noted , is after the twins outgrew the infant car seat , I used the basket for a little wagon . It 's high enough that they ca n't fall out , and roomy so they stand up or sit down and I can still push them around instead of pulling a wagon . It 's great ! I 've gotten tons of compliments on this stroller -LRB- even with it being used as a wagon ! -RRB- ... you wo n't regret buying it !
 I was amazed by how easy it is to fold with only one hand ! For a double stroller , I thought it would be much more complex . Also , it does not take more room than a single stroller.We use it with Graco snug n ride car seats with no problem.Be aware that the bars to adapt the stroller are a bit lose but it does not matter as their only purpose is to adapt the stroller to the different brands and let the seats rest on it .
 I am absolutely thrilled with this stroller ! It easily folds up and fits comfortably in the back of our mini-van , it 's even easier to unfold and snap the carseats in ... without waking babies up to switch them from carseats to strollers ! It steers wonderfully as double strollers go and the storage space underneath is a godsend ! We easily adjusted the bars to fit our carseats using the manual.I would reccomend this product to anyone with twins , you absolutely ca n't go wrong with the price or the style ! I would not hesitate to purchase this item again . We have had it for 2 months and have yet to encounter a single problem !
 This stroller is so much lighter than what I expected ! My 6yr old can maneuver it with ease . The only thing I did n't understand about this is , it 's called a Snap N Go , ummm , there is no `` snap '' . The car seat just sits on a bar and you have to strap it in in order for it to not fall off . It 's still safe and sturdy , AFTER it 's strapped in . I like it , but my hubby was n't as convinced as I am though .
 Light but sturdy . Since you 're already carrying 2 babies and 2 car seats , a lightweight stroller is a must . Easy enough for a one-parent outing . If you have Chicco Keyfit carseats , watch the youtube video of how to use before your first outing .
 I have 7-month old twins and I have LOVED this stroller . I got mine when I was pregnant with the twins . I bought mine used and I have n't had a single problem with it . My favorite thing about the stroller is that it is lightweight and easy to open/shut/store . It fits in the back of our van with plenty of room to spare . My four-year-old daughter even occasionaly stands on part of the frame and holds onto the tops of my twins ' car seats and goes for a ride , too.The stroller is long -LRB- what do you expect when pushing twins around -RRB- , but it is surprisingly easy to steer and control . I will be sad when my babies turn one and outgrow their car seats , because then I wo n't be able to use this stroller anymore . I 'll be forced to carry around a bulky double stroller . * sigh * This snap-and-go has been heaven-sent and is perfect for running around town.If you are having twins , THIS IS A MUST-HAVE !
 Basic stroller . It does what I need it to . It is tough to get things in and out of the storage compartment when the seats are in place .
 I bought this stroller out of panic when my Graco DuoGlider would n't fit in my trunk ... I figured this out on the way to bring my twins home from the hospital . I quickly scanned Amazon , and found this . It folds into the size of a small single stroller , and fits two car seats . It holds the seats securely , without being too bulky , or inconvenient to maneuver . Great buy for anybody with twins !!
 This stroller is a life saver when you have infant twins . Was simple enough to set up for our carseats -LRB- Graco -RRB- and can snap them in very quickly . Ca n't get much in the basket on the bottom once the seats are snapped in , but that 's ok . Diaper bag hangs pretty easily from the handle anyway , especially with weight of 2 kids keeping it upright .
 I was very concerned when I bought this whether it would work with the two different car seats that I have . I am happy to report that it works great ! I have a Graco and an Evenflo . No problems setting it up , just followed the directions . It was delivered quickly and with no problems . It is pretty lightweight and very maneuverable . My favorite buy for my twins !
 When we found out we were having twins I started looking at all the double strollers . Then I found this one . It makes so much sense ! You do n't have to unstrap baby , pick them up -LRB- more then likely waking them up -RRB- move them to the stroller buckle them in and then start the process all over again with baby number 2 ! So easy to use . My husband had it out of the box and together in moments . Could n't live with out it . Simple design . The ONLY draw back is that the basket underneath is HARD to get to when you have both car seats attached to the stroller . A must have for any mom with twins that is for sure ! YAY for baby trend !
 I had a difficult time finding a gate that would be tall enough , wide enough and affordable for my home . I found this one a a local BabiesRUs and decided to give it a shot . When I got home , I took it out of the box and put it right up . Perfect ! I am going back to buy 2 more .
 My parents used this gate when I was a kid . They still have one around to keep their 60 lb dog in his area . This gate is wonderful and will last forever . I 'm thrilled that this gate is still around . This has got to be the best on the market . It does n't slide on the walls , is durable , and non-toxic . What more could you ask for ?
 It is the only pressure mount gate I could find that would span 48 inches . Very portable and easy to use . My lively son has not been able to knock it down . The only bad part is that I am short and ca n't step over it easily because it is pretty tall -LRB- which is really a good thing for baby safety - just bad for me -RRB- .
 This is a good gate for wide openings . It keeps by dog from scratching at my kids bedroom doors . It is easy to put up and take down . It is also a perfect height because when I do n't want to take it down I can easily go over it . I highly recommend this gate .
 We have these for our dogs -- German Shepherds -- and they are plenty tall , wide , and strong enough ! I had a terrible time finding wide gates that could hold up to big dogs and these definitely do the job !
 It works but I 've found that the spacing is n't perfect for all doors . It has notches every 1/2 inch or so , but in some spaces it 's either too loose or too tight . If there was a way to create more notches , it would be better . I like the height .
 love this doggie gate . we have two now . the adjustment is easy to make it fit different width openings , and once you have it set up , it stays in place . the one thing i would want them to add would be some sort of clip so you can mark the widths you normally use .
 This is such an easy gate to use and provides good security for even the toughest toddler . My grandson can push down a lot of things but not this gate . It is tall , so many family members will have to disengage it to get by . But that is no problem since it comes on and off so easily for adults .
 This was purchased specifically for keeping our two dogs in or out of rooms . Works perfectly in this capacity , very versatile
 This gate works very well as a barrier for my toddler . It is easily adjustable , and the width is perfect for small doorways and wide hallways . It fits tight , and as hard as my one-year-old pushes on it , as long as I 've locked it securely and correctly - she ca n't push it over .
 This was the second Evenflo gate I have purchased , the first one now about 14 years old still in good condition . The gate expands with little difficulty and is high enough for keeping my Alaskan Malamutes in specific rooms . The gate is easy to clean . It is also a nice height to keep our toddler grandkids safe , away from stairs . The price is well worth the durability and function .
 I love these safety gates because they are easy to adjust to wide or narrow spaces and once in place my toddler could n't move or climb over . I first saw one of these at a friend 's house who used one for her very large dog . These really are great and I highly recommend them .
 I expected to have to spend around $ 50.00 to keep my dog in a secure area , and this was only 23.00 ! My dog has been able to jump over every gate I have put in her path but this one is a perfect height ! The rubber bumpers on the side are great because I live in an apartment and I do n't want to dent the walls . Love this gate ... great for the price !
 I ordered this gate from Target Direct , and not only wasit perfect for keeping my 2.5 yr old son out of places heshould n't be , it also keeps our standard poodle out of thekitchen ! We have an irreular space between our living room and kitchen and all the other gates were never big or tall enough!Awesome product at a awesome price ! Thanks !
 I am back to order two more of these gates , because for the money , they were the tallest , the best , & the sturdiest I could find . I use them to keep my dogs out of the bedrooms , & also to separate new feline family members from each other until they get used to the others . I do have 2 that will climb up them , & have only knocked them down maybe twice out of dozens of times . Plus , the cats wo n't fit through the wire mesh , where they do with the flimsier plastic grate models . It 's not 100 % purfect , but perhaps 95 % ! And very affordable compared to pet store ones !
 The product will fit any hallway or doorway within the size limitations listed . Simply find the notch where the gate is slightly loose and then go one more over . It 's called an interferance fit and is based on sound engineering principal . Works every time ! Works great for my dog too !
 My husband and I bought this gate for our son who is now one . We checked out all the others and could n't really justify spending so much more for a gate when we were n't sure what we needed out of it . We settled on this one and I was skeptical . So far , this gate works great . We keep it at the bottom of the stairs so our little guy ca n't climb upstairs without our supervision . We plan to use it at the top of the stairs later when he learns how to climb out of his crib -LRB- eek ! -RRB- I really did n't want to get a ` cheaper ' gate , but this has really done the duty . As for the person above who said it is hard to navigate with a sleeping or squirmy baby , we have the squirmiest , and I 've found that if you take your time a little , instead of wrestling with it , it 's really pretty easy to handle with one hand . Even now when our son is one and I am 5 months pregnant , and working around my growing belly , I still have no real problems moving this gate with one hand while holding my sleeping boy . Obviously it 's not super-ergonomic , but I have n't had a problem besides dropping it once or twice . But it 's sturdy !! This is really a great buy without blowing a big wad of cash , like I originally wanted to do to make sure my baby was ` SAFER ' . We found that this gate does everything we need for a good price -LRB- and it matches the wood in our home well ! Hope this helps !
 I got this to keep my dogs seperated . It is better than any gate I have owned . The length and width of it is perfect . I have big dogs that could jump over other gates I have had . They do n't even try with this one . This one is great ! I do not know what I did without it .
 This gate was given to me by my mother-in-law . The gate was fine , there was no problem with it at all . The only reason for the 4 star rating is that my older son went to jump over it and caught the top with his foot and broke the wooden frame . I was surprized that it broke that easily . But I do intend to purchase another and strictly forbid jumping over it !!
 I had purchased the monitor for my first child , and it worked wonderfuly . I heard the heart beat I recorded my heart beat and I recorded his heart beat.I am know 7 weeks and I wish I did not give it away . Know I have to purchase it again and it is worth it .
 I was alittle worried after all the reviews I have read and bought the product anyway . I am 17 weeks pregnant and found my babys heart beat immediatly ! I found the beat on the right side of my stomach about 1 to 2 inchs below my belly button and pressed it down on my stomach ! I can even hear the baby moving and can hear all the cool swishing sounds ! I do not have problems with static or back ground noise ! I placed this up next to my heart and heard it clear as a bell and then I placed it on my 2 yo stomach and it was clear as could be and I could here gurgle noises and her heart beat ! I havent tried recording and havent tried any other the other stuff that came with it yet but my main thing was listening to the babys beat and hearing its movement and I have not had a problem doing this at all !
 This is the best gift if your preg and already have kids . My 3 and 6 year old wanted to listed to little Jake in the womb all the time . Now I could not live without this product .
 I could clearly hear my baby 's heartbeat after 5 minutes of my first try ! It was a lot lower on my belly than I thought it would be , but as soon as I found it , there was no mistaking it ! They give an accurate description in the manual . A babies heartbeat in utero does n't sound like ours , it sounds like a running horse ! The book gave me a better idea of what to listen for . In a lot of the negative reviews , I do n't think they 're using it properly , it is common sense not to use it in a room with the TV on , and sliding it all over your belly is obviously going to give you some noise , but that 's not how you 're supposed to use it !
 I used mine from the time I was 6 months along till I had my son . I loved it very much . He often would move right underneith it . Which was so cool . I would talk to him and he would move like crazy . I could hear his heartbeat very clearly too . I could hear just about everthing . I found it better to use it while everthing was quit . It seemed harder to pick up with a TV very loud . I would recommend it I got tons of joy out of mine . I ca n't wait to use it again !
 This product specifically says in the directions that you may not always be able to hear the heartbeat -LRB- depending on the baby 's position -RRB- . My husband and I appreciated this product because we were able to speak to the baby through the speakers and play music . If you have that desire than this is a great product to buy ! As far as what you hear ... you 'll hear his movements , and may occasionally hear his heart beating , but do n't buy it just for that , you will be disappointed if you plan to listen to the beating consistantly .
 If you were pretty thin before you got pregnant , you can get more reception . Otherwise , wait until you 're at least 5.5 months , then it will work really well . I was able to hear hiccups , kicks and movement . You can hear heart beats , but not like in the doc 's office .
 from a pediatrician and first-time mom who is now 6 months pregnant , i tried listening for the fetal heart beat with a regular stethoscope , which is quite difficult -LRB- got it once by patience and chance -RRB- . then i ordered this prenatal listener for the fun of it to try and see what success i had , given all the different reviews i had read here , it took me about 2-3 minutes and i realized that the best position was actually right above the pubic bone area and you have to press down firmly and try not to move , the fetal heart beat came out loud and clear , even my husband had no problem telling it was the fetal heart beat b/c it was so fast . i do n't know if playing classical music or talking to my baby does what the studies claim to do , but hey , it probably ca n't hurt at all . i did n't think i would have bothered with something like this , but i think when i 'm at the last trimester of the pregnancy , it 's something fun to share with my hubby and it 's definitely something funny to see my husband get involved with .
 i really enjoyed this product ... you can clearly hear the heartbeat ... very satisfied
 My wife and I are expecting a little one , and it is so great to be able to sit at home and listen to my baby 's heartbeat , it is also wonderful to know that i can talk to the little one and they are able to listen to me and get to know daddy 's voice as well as mommy . I love sitting in the evening with the belly speakers and singing to our little one .
 I got this specifically to play music . Unfortunately , I missed the little tidbit in the description about needing to provide the CD player and was then surprised to find that the CD player in our bedroom does n't have a headphone output ! The iPod will suffice -LRB- once I get around to ripping my classical CDs -RRB- , but it put a little bit of a crimp in my `` instant gratification '' hopes !
 When I purchased this product , I did n't expect much from the fetal heart listener . I am a labor and delivery nurse , and I know how hard it can be to listen to the baby 's heart rate without a commercial doppler , so I did n't expect much . I was actually surprised that I could hear the baby 's heart -LRB- at 30 weeks -RRB- which did come through sounding just like when you use a stethoscope to heart someon ' e heart ... except the sound was very faint and you have to concentrate ! I can see how someone not trained to listen to fetal heart sounds would have a very difficult time!However , I actually purchased the set so that I could play music for the baby , because I have seen much research on how classical music promotes fetal brain development , and I wanted the convenience of using `` headphones '' designed just for that purpose . They were comfortable and easy to use and worked wonderfully ! It also enabled me to play the music for the baby while I watched TV , so I do n't have to listen to the music if I do n't want to . The set came with cd 's and suggestions for how , when and how long to play the music , which I found very helpful.As an added bonus , I got the microphone to use so I can talk to and sing to the baby which also worked well ... although I believe that playing the music is more important!Bottom line is ... if you want a product for playing music that is easy to use ... it 's worth the price ! -LRB- And everything else is just extra . -RRB-
 Although this is product is intended to be used to hear the baby 's heartbeat , it is great for hearing your baby 's first movements !! Thanks to this product I was about to hear the baby 's movements before I felt them ! When I heard the kicks , I was about to feel a little twitch at the same time . Thanks to this product I felt my first baby 's movements at only 17 weeks !! I would recommend this product to anyone ! I ca n't wait until I am far enough along to actually hear the hearbeat with this product -LRB- 5 months according to the instructions -RRB- - it will be even more amazing then !
 I love to Listen to my baby 's heart beat and kicks every night before I go to bed & in the morning before I get ready for the day ! I was able to hear at 28 weeks . This is a fantastic product !
 I recieved this product as a gift when I was 6 months pregnant . I am now 9 months along . I really enjoy all the `` extra 's '' this set came with . I found that listening to my baby 's heart beat was easier when I was 6 months along and got more difficult to hear as I progressed . My theory on this is when the baby is smaller it has more room to move around so you have a better chance of hearing the heart beat . As I progressed in my pregnancy if my baby 's back was n't facing outward -LRB- towards the belly button -RRB- I could only hear his heart beat very faintly , if at all . However I could still hear the swooshing of nutrients and him moving around.The monitor is also very sensitive ! You have to be very still and very quiet - it picks up everything around you too ! I could hear the TV and people 's conversations in the other room from my bedroom with the door closed . I loved that it had two sets of head phones!The fetal microphone is one of my favorite parts !! I love reading to baby ! It is a great way to connect with your baby ! It really feels special . : -RRB- I also really enjoy playing music for my baby ! The set comes with a mozart CD to play . It also comes with instrusctions on how often to play music so the baby does n't become over-stimulated and ignore the music . That I felt was very helpful information.Another great part of this set is that you can record your baby 's heart beat on your computer and email it ! However this process is n't the easiest ! I tried to do it by myself first and was very confused . I am lucky enough to have a computer brilliant family who helped make the process easier . We ended up going a different route that the book 's instructions.All in all I really enjoy this product ! I have a lot of fun and enjoy sharing my baby 's heart beat with my family and friends !!!
 ... I am 27 weeks pregnant and have no trouble at all hearing the heartbeat . Like the pediatrician said earlier , maybe some people do it at the wrong time or look in all the wrong spots . My baby kicks and reacts to the device too - but try a stethoscope !! They kick at that too !! ... My husband and I love the machine ... It 's really worth it for the CHANCE you might though . ...
 I am pregnant with my third child and anlways wanted one of these but , everyone told me they are a waste of money . Well , I walked into my favorite consignment shop today to browse and there it sat . I grabbed it , thought , `` What the heck , it 's cheap ... '' After a few attempts and then reading the woman review that stated that she finally heard the heartbeat when she moved the device lower , I found it !! I 'm 21 weeks . I am so excited and ca n't wait for my husband to get home and check it out ! Get one ... it 's worth it .
 Listening to my unborn baby ! Nothing is cooler then that.It was soooo easy . Just hook it up and put on the headphones and listen . We found the heartbeat right away . 2 headphones makes it much better so we can share the experience .
 My wife and I love listening to our baby 's heartbeat . But more inportant than that is playing the Mozart music to the baby . We are so exited about giving her a head start on life . How wonderful to start playing the music aand to see her react while still in the womb . There is no question in my mind that she is hearing and learning while she is only eight months old .
 I was hesistant to purchase this product after seeing so many negative reviews . However , my curiosity was killing me , so I splurged and bought it . Both my husband and I were glad we did . You do need patience to find the position of your baby , you must be in a quiet room , the volume must not be too high or too low , you must eat something a few hours before , on bare skin , with a steady hand not covering the device , ect ... if you do exactly as the book instructs you should n't have a problem.The heartbeat I heard was very soft , and definately not like mine , it was a gallop which was heard along with a whooshing sound . The little gallop was almost a background noise to the whooshing sound , if you can imagine that . If you moved the device even slightly to the right or left , you would n't hear the sound . In addition to the whooshing we also heard definate thumps , not so often , but every now and then . I am sure they will increase as I get further along in this pregnancy , I am only 13 weeks.I would have given it 5 stars - but I do not like the `` activation '' button . If you hand covers the device , or is n't steady you will get static like noise interference . My husband has a really steady hand & he used 1 finger to hold down the device in 1 spot without moving it.Another point to mention is that this will not sound like a doctor 's doppler . This is an amplified stethoscope therefore you will pick up other sounds besides the heartbeat . This is an important point to understand . This device was not only meant to pick up a heartbeat but to pick up the other noises as well .
 I have n't had much leisure-time in my pregnancy to use the product often -LRB- maybe five times total -RRB- , but for those times when you get a paranoid feeling or wish the baby was moving right then to reassure you , the sound of the heartbeat is the most concrete sign you can get outside the doctor 's office that shows the baby is still alive.I know for certain this product let me hear my baby 's heartbeat , because I could switch back and forth to finding my own heartbeat with it , and the baby 's heartbeat was much faster -LRB- and located below my naval -RRB- , as it should be.At the time I 'm writing this review , this product has only a two-star rating average ... so I am writing my first-ever product review to add my 5-star rating . I did n't find the baby 's heart-beat during my first pre-20-week less-than-5-minute try , but my second try a couple days later , when I tried lower , I was successful in just a minute of methodically moving it around . It worked for me , and it worked for my sister-in-law , who gave it to me . I thought to myself at the time that people who lack patience would n't be able to do it , but it 's their fault , not the product 's fault . After you find it the first time , it 's easier in the future . If you find your own heartbeat , you know there is no defect in the product , and I do n't have much sympathy for claims that it does n't work .
 We spent 20 bucks on this when we were pg with our daughter and it worked with her and my husbands cousin borrowed it we also used it for my son until we lost him and now at 11 weeks we pick the hb up just fine . . you have to make sure that the volume isnt all the way up and yes it is sensitive room must be quiet but other than that its worth the money
 I bought this because last time I was at the doctors at 11 weeks they couldnt hear the heartbeat so I was worried . I am 13 weeks and I decided to get this -LRB- not the deluxe package just the monitor and 1 set of headphones -RRB- . I was so surprised that I could hear the babys heartbeat after all of the negative comments on here . I found it was hard to lay on my back and hear anything so I decided to get in bed , lay on my stomach and on the monitor and that made it work so much better . I finally found my heartbeat which was slow and loud and a few minutes later I found the babys which was fast and quiet IT IS SOOO AWESOME
 I did n't have any problems with this product . I 've heard his heartbeat and his little kicks -LRB- they make a thumping noise -RRB- . I think some people who leave the negative reviews are too impatient when trying to find the heartbeat . You have to move it around a little bit , but you will find it . And when you do , it is the sweetest sound . I did n't buy this product until I was 6 months . And I would urge any mommy-to-be to try it ! I love it ! And my husband loves it . He reads to him and talks to him . And so do I !
 We were able to hear our baby 's heartbeat easily around 25 weeks . We did n't try a lot prior to that . Granted , we had to get other things quieted down in the room because the microphone is notorious for picking up other sounds from the room . But after that it worked just fine . My guess is that you have to know the baby 's orientation -LRB- head up , head down , etc. -RRB- in order to have a good idea where to find the heartbeat . We did it right after getting an ultrasound , so we had a really good idea where his heart was . To be honest , that 's not why we got it though . Our primary purpose was for playing music for the baby . The music contained on the CD and audio tape is a nice compilation , plus the ability to listen to the music with your baby . Or you can just speak to them through the microphone . So it gets 4 stars because it performs well for the function for which we bought it .
 I am 27 weeks pregnant . I debated on buying this item with all the bad reviews , but decided I should give it a try . At first I had the same problem as other people . I could hear everything BUT the baby . The problem was that no matter how hard I tried to keep my hand from shaking , even just a little , that was the only thing i could hear . I figured I could at least play the cd to the baby . After I played the cd , used the maternity belt to lightly hold the prenatal listener in place . That seemed to cut out the noise from my hand shaking . After a few minutes of searching and adjust the volume , I was able to find the baby 's heartbeat . I read reviews from a few bigger people that have had problems hearing anything . I am not a small person and have had little problems . The picture on the box is a little deceiving though . They make it look as easy as placing it on your belly . When the doctors office uses the doppler they put a little pressure on your belly to find the baby 's heartbeat.I have been using the product now for a week and have my husband and I have experienced the baby kicking to the beat of the music on the cd provided.The company should make something to hold the listener into place and an on/off button instead of the hold down button . That would solve a lot of problems . I still give the product four stars because the $ 40 for the product was well worth it . It gave my husband and I a chance to share the sounds of our baby 's heartbeat and kicking with our families who live far away and missed out on most of the pregnancy .
 This product was very difficult to find . But once i bought it . I think it was well worth the wait . My husband works very long hours so it is hard for him to be involved as much as he should during our pregnancy . this product not only allows him to hear our childs heartbeat but also allows our child to hear his fathers voice and allows both of them to have that bond that a child and father should have . I recomend this product to every expectant mother .
 I bought this set for myself & I absolutely love it ! While you ca n't hear baby 's heartbeat as clearly as you do at the dr 's office you can hear the heartbeat & kicks , I also love the microphone piece . My husband reads our baby girl books before we go to bed at night . I have n't used the tape or CD as of yet but I think this set is a great buy !!
 It took me a week to finally hear my baby 's heart beat , but it was worth it . I have to admit
 I am only 16 weeks and have been able to hear the heartbeat -- it does take patience but it is an awesome experience , especially since the whole family can listen . I think people who have more body weight before pregnancy will have a harder time finding the heartbeat early . Even though I was not overweight I was not in the best shape -- I have only gained 1 lb during my pregnancy -- and can find the heartbeat easily when standing against the bed , but when lying down I ca n't seem to find the heartbeat ... just a suggestion : - -RRB-
 I was very hesitant about getting this item -LRB- we actually got the $ 20 version at Target which only has one headset -RRB- because of all the negative reviews . I was actually about to take the plunge and rent a real doppler like the doctor uses for $ 25 - $ 40/month , because my wife and I really wanted to hear the baby every night . We decided to try this one out first though and figured we would probably be taking it back . It took a little bit of time to hear the baby 's heartbeat the first time we used it , but it has been fairly easy to find ever since then -LRB- just like it takes the doctor a little bit of time to find the heartbeat with a real doppler -RRB- . My wife is 18 weeks along and can hear the heartbeat very well . It sounds just like the doppler does at the doctor 's office but a little little softer with a little more background noise -LRB- what do you expect for $ 20 ? -RRB- , but it is a very distinct heartbeat that we hear -LRB- not my wife 's heartbeat either -RRB- . To everyone knocking this thing ... you 're just not working with it enough ... or you may just be a moron and think you can place it anywhere on the belly and hear a heartbeat .
 I bought this product when I was PG with my first child 2 years ago and loved it . It did take a few times to hear the heartbeat , but once I figured out how it worked , it was more easy to find in future uses . I found that I was turning the valume to high and once I fixed that mistake all the background noise went doun . I recomend u put in on the middle valume setting . I loned it to a friend and she says she cant here the heartbeat , so I dont understand why some can and some cant . I am PG again and will be bying another since my friend boke my old one . I would recomend this product , but dont waste youre money on the deluxe model , just for incase u are one of thouse who cant figure it out .
 I am buying this product online for a friend and after reading all the bad reviews , I felt that I needed to say something good about this product ! I used it all the way through my pregnancy -LRB- up to the day I was in labor -RRB- and had great luck . I 've also loaned it to a few friends who are enjoying it as well.The first thing is , You MUST be patient . Why people are trying to start before 20 weeks is up to me because it tells you to wait . I could n't hear our baby until about 22 weeks . As she got older , her heart got bigger and it became louder.Secondly , you must be patient . Try to place it 2 inches down and 2 inches over on your belly and push hard . You ca n't just `` place '' it on your belly , you have to push a bit . And it really works the best when baby 's back is to your tummy -LRB- good timing before it gets tight in there -RRB- . Third , there is nothing bad for the baby about this product . Its simply a microphone attached to a speaker ; there 's no magnetic force or something crazy that 's going to cause genetic defects . I could n't believe that when I heard it.Let me know if you have more questions , I loved this thing ! Have fun ! And yeah , it 's not going to be as great as what you hear in the doctor , but it provides the reassurance to a new first time mommy and to me , any price is worth that .
 Everyone on this page must not know how to use the monitor . I heard the baby 's heartbeat just fine beginning from about the 3rd to 4th month of my wife 's pregnancy -LRB- when we bought it -RRB- up until birth . And we did n't even have an instruction manual ! You just have to be patient , because sometimes it will take 5 minutes or so to find the heartbeat , but once you find it , it is as clear as day . I was n't really a big fan of purchasing this product , but my wife wanted it for peace of mind . The only reason I am giving this product 4 stars instead of 5 is because it costs so darn much . It does work , but you have to be patient and move the monitor around her stomach until you find the heartbeat .
 I love to listen to my baby 's heart beat and kicks every night before I go to bed . I can hear everthing very clearly . This is a great product . You can record the sounds you hear . I recorded the fetal sounds and sent a tape to my mom who lives in another state . Great !
 I really like this product . My baby responds to the classical music and my voice when I sing and talk . The heart listener works very well and I can hear the fetal heart beat . This was the best shower gift I received . My husband also enjoys listening to our baby and talking through the microphone to the baby .
 I was a bit skeptical about buying this product because of all the negative reviews it has received . At six months of pregnancy , I was still curious and decided to purchase the single set - which is much cheaper -LRB- $ 19.99 -RRB- . To my surprise , it worked fine for me . You do have to keep in mind that
 I was very skeptical about buying this product after reading all the bad reviews . I must say now that I actally have the unit and have been using it -LRB- i 'm in my 6th month -RRB- , I am very delighted . Yes - I was able to hear my baby 's heartbeat ! My whole family has had a chance to listen . No - my baby did not try to kick the unit or react in any way when the unit was turned on . I get more of a reaction from my baby when I go to the doctors office and he uses the ultrasound . That makes sense as the ultrasound machine sends out ultrasonic sound waves . There is a strong belief in the midwife community that ultrasound is harmful to the fetus . I do n't know if it 's true but I actually feel safer using the Prenatal Heart Listener as it does not send out any ultrasonic sound waves . It 's just a microphone . I also like the fact that you get so many other things in the gift set . Just add up the individual costs of a CD , maternity belt , 2-headset prenatal heart listener , + more , and you 've spent -LSB- price -RSB- . So overall , I think this is a great product and I would strongly recommend it to anyone having a baby .
 I 'm 6 months pregnant and my husband brought this home as a surprise . WOW ! It took just 4 tries and we found our baby 's heartbeat . He was so excited I could n't believe it . Now he talks to him/her every night and asks me if I played music during the day . We even recorded the sounds to send to his parents who live out of town . They were thrilled - they said it made them feel closer to their first grandchild . A small price to pay for such pleasure .
 This was suggested to me by my midwife when I told her how much I love hearing the heartbeats at my appointments . I bought the listener only for a little more than $ 20 but I wish I had seen the gift set because its a better value . As soon as I found out about the other part -LRB- playing music or talking into the mic -RRB- I bought it separately . -LRB- The gift set is nice to because it comes with 2 headphones -RRB- It is hard to find the heartbeat - even at 25 weeks - and there is a lot of other noise but I still think it is worth it ! I totally get a kick out of listening to my baby and being able to play her music . The CD or tape can then be played after birth and they say babies will recognize music heard in the womb and be soothed by it . If you are short on money , this is definetly not a priority . But this has helped me feel connected to the life inside me in a fun way and my husband and I take turns reading the pages of a bedtime story every night . -LRB- Belt not needed if you are sitting or laying down -RRB- I think it would make a great gift but not before 6-7 monthes of pregnancy -LRB- more likely to hear heartbeat and baby 's hearing is developing -RRB- .
 I bought this for my daughter who is expecting my first grandchild . She got it when she was about 20 weeks and heard the heart beat on the second try-like many of the other reviewers said , it was much lower than she thought it would be . She enjoys playing music and talking to him , I 'm still waiting for her to mail me the tape of his heartbeat-in the meantime , I 'm taping my voice for him ... Out of state grandparents-get it !
 My husband and I bought this product because we were excited to hear the baby . I read the manual cover to cover and bought a brand new battery like it suggests . You just have to have patience with it . It picks up every movement of your hand on the listening part and if it touches anything like blankets or clothes then it interferes . If you 're patient with it then it really works . It does take a while to find the baby 's heartbeat and when you find it it is really soft so you have to listen hard . I do n't think people are giving it enough time . I find the sound of my baby to be the most relaxing sound . I am in my 32nd week and insomnia keeps me up and wakes me up in the middle of the night . The sound of the baby puts me right to sleep . Also , we 've found that our baby reacts to it . Our baby starts kicking where we have the bebesounds thing and it 's a good way to interact with the baby . It 's only $ 20 , I would recommend it to anyone .
 I love to Listen to my baby 's heart beat and kicks every night before I go to bed & in the morning before I get ready for the day ! I was able to hear at 28 weeks . This is a fantastic product !
 Despite what the reviews said , I purchased the basic set for myself . I am in my 30th week and I could hear the actual heartbeat with no problem at all . I did n't hear any wooshing -LRB- although I heard my own stomach grumbling -RRB- . If you have patience , and are able to follow the directions , you should have no problem at all . I 'm not sure if previous reviews followed the exact directions -LRB- using it in a quiet room , using it 3-4 hours after a meal , starting placement to the right of the belly button ... -RRB- I do n't know what all the complaints are for , THIS THING REALLY DOES WORK!I gave it only 4 stars because you really need patience with this thing . I think it took me about 5-7 minutes to find a heartbeat . Do n't expect to find it right away .
 I just love this unit ! Infact I 'm just hooked on it ! On my very first try I got my babie 's heartbeat ! This is my new past time joy . So far I listened to my babie 's heartbeat , listen to it move around and kick . I played music to my baby at night to calm it down . I also played some of my music ... so that my baby can not only reconize my voice as I speak but also as I sing to . I recorded my heart beat for my baby . I 'm just having so much fun !! Get this unit , it will bring your entire family joy . oh yeah , the two head phones are great !!
 This is a wonderful prodouct because not only can you hear your baby 's heart beat but you can interact with music and your voice!We received this product as a gift and we are so happy we did . One thing for sure , we get a great deal of pleasure using this product and recommend it to all moms to be . I love the maternity belt that comes with it .
 My Wife and I loved to listen to the unborn child . It brought hours of joy as we waited for the great day.I also spoke and read to our daughter so that she would get used to my voice . I believe that she recognized me from all of the reading I did . I just hope she remembers all of the stories .
 After reading all of the negative reviews on this product I was really reluctant to buy it -- but I 'm so glad I did ! On our first try , my husband and I were able to locate the heartbeart -LRB- which sounds like a galloping horse -RRB- after about five minutes of patient and careful searching around my belly . It was totally amazing and so much better than listening to it on the doppler . At one point , the baby shifted and its heartbeat got even louder -- absolutely clear -- like it was right underneath the listening device . My husband and I stayed still and our eyes widened , but we did n't dare say anything because if you talk when you 're listening with the device you 'll about blow your ears out ! It is very sensitive to the sounds surrounding your environment and those you make , such as rustling the covers , adjusting clothing , or breathing deeply . My tips :1 -RRB- Follow the directions EXACTLY .2 -RRB- Be patient .3 -RRB- Do n't eat four hours before , and only drink water if you have to drink -LRB- and do n't drink it right before -RRB- . Last night I made the mistake of eating an hour and half before and drinking water with powdered fiber just before and my stomach was making such a racket that it was impossible to locate the heartbeat over all the gurgles .4 -RRB- Get in a comfortable position , and avoid disturbing/wearing anything that can make noise , like covers , clothing , jewelry , etc. 5 -RRB- Do it at night when it 's most quiet -LRB- at least it is in our neighborhood -RRB- and make sure there are n't any appliances on . If you ca n't find a really quiet place to use this product , do n't buy it . -LRB- Unless you want/will appreciate the part that allows you to talk to and play music for your baby . -RRB- 6 -RRB- It takes a steady hand . If you have shaky hands , do n't buy this product . Any kind of movement -- I mean minimal movement -- will make it difficult to hear .7 -RRB- Do it when your baby is moving around so you can locate where it is . We knew exactly where it was when we heard it the first time because it was kicking around so hard.I read that some people think that body weight might have something to do with whether or not this product works . Could be so . My experience with this product might have something to with that I 'm very fit and am gaining the appropriate amount of weight during pregnancy . Who knows?Of course , the microphone/CD/tape recorder aspect is cool too . We 've been talking to the baby and playing music for it and it seems to respond . Well , that 's my 2 cents . Works for us , and it 's super fun . We 're going to record the heartbeat next time we use it .
 I bought this item , despite the bad press I had heard on it.I am in my mid second trimester , and the first time I used it , I heard the heartbeat . And everytime since then , I have heard the heartbeat and kicks as well . This product has brought me peace of mind and so much joy , that I would recommend it to anyone.It is a GREAT product !
 My mother bought me this product when I was visiting her so she could hear her first grandchilds heartbeat . I have no problem finding my babies heartbeat . You do have to be in a quite house , it clearly states that in the directions . You do have to have patience , my baby does n't hold still , and when she moves all about so does the heartbeat . You need to have a basic understanding of you anatomy , if your pregnant you shoud . Start low and work upwards , all the friends I have said I wasted my moms money because it does n't work . Well I have found that if you are heavier prepregnancy it is harder to hear the heartbeat earlier in pregnancy on this . I am all baby so I have NO issues finding it , I have an issue cause my daughter ca n't sit still ! Which is n't the manufacturers fault . I love this machine , it has given a grandma who lives three hours away a chance to hear the sounds she could n't hear before . Yes you may pick up other outside noises but I live right on a main street , I close the windows go into my room , shut the door and have NO problems . Do n't believe everything you read in these reviews , buy it yourself see if it works FOR YOU . I have been reading alot of reviews online and some of them are just people bitching and moaning cause they think everything should come easy to them . It is n't that easy , $ 20 or $ 40 is n't going to buy you the world . If you want a doppler like the doctors uses rent one or spend 500 $ or more .
 I love to listen to my baby 's heart beat and kicks every night before I go to bed . I can hear everthing very clearly . This is a great product . You can record the sounds you hear . I recorded the fetal sounds and sent a tape to my mom who lives in another state . Great !
 I really like this product . My baby responds to the classical music and my voice when I sing and talk . The heart listener works very well and I can hear the fetal heart beat . This was the best shower gift I received . My husband also enjoys listening to our baby and talking through the microphone to the baby .
 Granted , I just bought this item and I am 37 weeks pregnant so I ca n't say how it works earlier on . It took a few minutes to find the heartbeat and I had to turn the sound way up . -LRB- I even used it on a full stomach , which it says not to do . -RRB- I do n't like how you have to hold the button down to hear , it picks up every movement of your fingers and you have to press it onto your belly pretty hard . I bought mine with only 1 headset at Wal-mart and no extras ; it was $ 20 , worth the money for the peace of mind .
 I am a 30 year old man who has planned everything thing to a tee . I got maried at 28 , and I am expecting a baby boy at age 30 . To make a long story short , it takes alot to get me to do anything or pay for something without first reading every review and looking for the perfect one . Today I sat down and read atleast 20 reviews on this Bebe Sounds Prenatal Listener - Deluxe Gift Set . I had come to the conclusion that it probably does not work very good . My lovely wife is at 21 weeks . As soon as we got home I put the batteries in and went to town trying to find some sort of live in my wifes tummy . It took about 1 hr with nothing but silence and patience , but there it was `` 144 beats a minute '' . We literally marked the spot . It was allot lower than expected . I am the type that would have tried all night . We have tried several times sence then and have the same luck only at that same location . The little guy puts off some stout kicks also . I think the maching gets him crunk . The baby seems to really show up after the wife eats about 5 pickels . I would like to say that it almost brought tears to my eyes hearing that heart beat for the first time in my house . I ran to find the recorder the first time . I hope everyone who buys this device has as much pleasure as I did . If for some reason it does n't work , just take it back . The baby has to be in the perfect spot for this to work . I guess we got lucky and ours is there allot !! I give this product 5 stars for making me a happy daddy ...
 I was warned by others and read the reviews this product was a piece of junk , but decided to purchase it anyhow . We began searching for the heartbeat around 16 weeks . I am now 27 weeks along and because of patience , the entire family is able to hear the heartbeat ! I was like most in considering to throw the product away due to frustration , but the fetal speakers and microphone kept it out of the trash . I consistently have played various types of music for the baby , once with awakening and also before bed , and notice increased fetal movements during these times . Research indicates this is positive in fetal brain stimulation and it appears to be true ! Classical is favored ! With time , patience , and a QUIET room -LRB- which is already recommended -RRB- maybe you 'll be albe to enjoy like we have . After time , you 'll be able to predict the position of the baby and judge more easliy where the heart is . DO N'T GIVE UP ! And in the meantime , introduce music and voices that the baby will enjoy hearing after birth .
 OK ! I hope this message will share by many & give this product a try . You just need to bear in mind ; you pay what you get . I am a little over 6 months pregnant now & I find the device very useful & it has given me such peace of mind about whether or not my baby is doing alright . Alot of times , you will get people telling you to make sure you read the instructions before you use it ... well , I did n't . But , I did make sure I am in a very quiet room everytime.When I first bought this product , I was as early as 3 months & did n't put much expectation to it with all the negative comments I read . But then I thought , with the reasonable price , why not give it a try . I could n't hear anything then except bubblely noises & my belly growling , where it seems like something is swimming inside me . Well you 'll find that 's pretty normal . As you get use to those noises , you will begin to learn to hear the differences between an early stage of pregnancy to your last 4 months of it because your uterus will grow closer & closer to your belly button & the baby 's movement will be much more clearer.I finally hear my baby 's heartbeat at about 51/2 months . It was in the morning before I get out of bed because that is the time where your baby is sitting still at one corner -LRB- wherever your belly feels the hardest -RRB- . Keep in mind that the heartbeat of your baby is totally different from yours . If you watch the movie `` Contact '' starring Jodie Foster , the alien 's noise from their system is exactly the same as your baby 's ... a very consistant sound . It may grow louder or at times grow softer & further away . The monitor has to be moved around a few times to find the right spot , it can be around your belly button or your lower abdomen . The volume a little over 2 & close your eyes to concerntrate on the different noise in your belly & enjoy them . You wo n't get it every single time because the baby moves around , so do n't get too disappointed . But I can assure you its there ... just be patient . If I can hear it the first time & still get it the second time for my husband to hear so to prove him I was n't dreaming , then this device does work.No offence to those people who dislike this product , but you need to concerntrate on what you are hearing . Good luck to those who is thinking of buying this product & congratulations on your pregnancy . Overall , I am very very pleased with this product.p / s
 At first my husband thought I was crazy to buy this but after his second try he fell in love with listening to our baby . It 's our first child and our parents ' first grandchild . We send them the tapes of the baby 's sounds because they live out of town and it brings them much closer . We also love talking to the baby and feeling her/him respond by kicking . The music is also such a great added feature - we really feel we are doing something extra for our new baby . One suggestion - have patience , the results will be extraordinary .
 I received the Prenatal Gift Set as a shower present . My husband and I really enjoy listening to our unborn baby . It took a couple of sessions with the device for us to know what to listen for , but once you identify your baby 's sounds , it 's so much fun . The CD 's included in the set have been very relaxing to listen to and may help us have a smarter baby . This is a great product for first time parents like us .
 I bought this product yesterday and was able to hear my baby 's heartbeat on the 2nd try . I am 18 weeks pregnant . The advice I read from other reviews helped a great deal . My baby was much lower than I thought , just above and to my right of the pubic bone at the moment , and you must press down extremely firmly . It takes awhile to get used to holding the monitor button down without moving it and making background noise , but once you get the hang of it , it was wonderful and the heartbeat was crystal clear . Reading the booklet is a must to make this work properly , along with the advice I listed above which made all of the difference . Also , I disregarded the early a.m. / p.m. advice and listened to my baby right after work , when he seems least active -LRB- we 're both pooped ! -RRB- He is moving too much in the morning and at night to get the heartbeat clearly . Do n't use after eating or you 'll get a lesson on your digestive system , not your baby 's heartbeats and movmements !!!
 We just got the prenatal listener 5 days ago and I am very pleased with the product . The first night we could n't hear the baby 's heartbeat but after reading the book that comes with the kit it tells you that sometime you wo n't be able to hear it depending on the placement of the baby . The book also told you what to listen to and what each sound was . Ever night after that we have n't had a problem hearing the heartbeat . I am 7 months pregnant and I think it is great . The only downfalls that I can find are the fact that you have to continually push in the button and that you really need to have everything completely quiet in the room for this to work or else it picks up all kinds of feedback . But besides that I think it is well worth the money . I am glad that we got it .
 I really like this product . My baby responds to the classical music and my voice when I sing and talk . The heart listener works very well and I can hear the fetal heart beat . This was the best shower gift I received . My husband also enjoys listening to our baby and talking through the microphone to the baby .
 i found babys heartbeat starting from the 18th week all the way through . . the tough part is finding the baby but if you have some patience and learn where baby might be then this item should work for you . . it has giving me peace that almost everynight i can here my babys every beat ... i personally think most of these reviews that ive read really dont give it time to find where baby is and if the babys turned funny you might not hear it to clearly or maybe not distinguish the sound of the heart beat . . the sound to me is very easy to tell right away like a shooshing sound very close to ours just a different tone but really these bad reviews i think is just bull ... they just dont know how to use it sorry thats my opinion ... but no joke this thing works dont let the bad reveiws scare you it does work great just take the time to hear the different noises that your stomach makes and yes it is noisy in their so in the background listen closly keep trying most times ive found it about 2 to 3 inches below the belly button and about 2 to 3 inches toward the left ... hope this helps some of the bad reveiwers lol and the expecting mothers who would really love this machine ... good luck to all
 I just recently bought the Bebe Sounds prenatal heart listener , I love it ! I was able to pick up my baby 's heartbeat within mins after turning it on and placing it up to my belly . My whole family got to listen in on the action , even my dad was amazed ! I am currently 26 weeks into my first pregnancy and sure glad I bought this !!
 I purchased the basic model -LRB- with one headset and the recording cable -RRB- . It is about $ 20 cheaper than the deluxe gift set . It works very well once you find the heartbeat for the first time . I found it pretty easily and I am 21 weeks . You do have to be very still and quiet . It is very cool to be able to hear the heartbeat and kicking ! I was able to record the heartbeat using the Windows Sound Recorder and then listen using the Windows Media Player -LRB- I did not need to download software as mentioned in the instruction booklet . -RRB- One improvement that would be nice is to be able to `` lock '' the button that you have to push to listen so you do n't have to hold it the whole time . I used a piece of tape to keep the button pressed . Basic model works well and worth the price .
 I liked this item , because it gives you and your husband or partner the chance to bond with you baby . My husband gets so involved now with the microphone and the headphones . It is so nice to see that . You have to listen really really hard to hear your baby 's heartbeat , but that is not the only feature of this item . I have been able to hear our baby moving around a lot and it is really great . I recommend this item !!!!
 We read the mixed reviews before we purchased this but decided to give it a shot . Are we glad that we did ! Only 5 months pregnant , we can hear the heartbeat and the movements . We are looking forward to getting much use out of this product . The directions are specific and easy to follow . You MUST read them in order to understand what to listen for and optimal times to hear your child . We would recommend this to anyone with a desire to feel closer to their unborn child .
 I absolutely loved this product when I was pregnant . My baby was very cooperative and would go right over to the receiver and hit/kick it even at a very early stage -LRB- around 18 weeks -RRB- . Later on in the pregnancy , we did find a heartbeat and it was very distinct . So distinct , in fact , that I could even count how many times it would beat in a minute . I also used this product to stimulate the baby if I questioned whether he was moving around enough -LRB- he would always push back when he got pushed on -RRB- . Another thing that I loved about this product is that anyone could listen to the baby with me . Everyone in my family really enjoyed having that experience -LRB- which would not have been possible otherwise since not everyone could go to the doctor 's office with me -RRB- . I would highly recommend this product to anyone who wants to be able to share all of these wonderful things with whoever wants to join in on the fun !!!
 We loved this product ! We could hear our babies heartbeat from very early on . The baby seemed to move alot when we talked or played music for it . It was a great relief for us to be able to hear our baby inside the womb . It helped put our minds at ease that things would turn out to be alright .
 I bought this gate years ago . Like two decades ago for my kids . And that original one still works fine!I needed more now that I have puppies here . These new ones seem to be made of less durable wood , but they are fine for quickly blocking doorways so the pups are safe . Not sure how they would be with little toddlers who can reach up and pull this down .
 This gate is sturdy for the price and fits tightly and securely into the doorway . However , I actually got this gate to keep our puppy out of the litter box -LRB- ugh , gross ! -RRB- . Within 5 minutes of putting it up , our 8 week old -LRB- yes , weeks -RRB- lab/shep puppy was over the gate . I think the mesh enabled him to climb it . So , the gate still gets five stars since it is , afterall , for kids . I know a lot of people buy baby gate for dogs , so just wanted to give a heads up for those who are looking at this gate for this purpose .
 There is nothing wrong with the gate itself . It did ' t work well for us because of the base trim , making the bottom of the doorway a different width than the middle .
 Unobtrustive , non-plasticky safety gate , well made in Mexico , delivered from Pennsylvania . The price of the product was right ; with shipping still less expensive than any other gate on the internet . Used similar items years ago as safety gates for toddlers - these were purchased to corral a puppy . Good fit for varying size door openings ; does n't mark or require permanent installation ; easy to operate ; when fitted in place , solid and immovable . Exactly what was required .
 Affordable and has helped to keep my daughter out of areas that could be safe .
 I have a 8m old who just recently started crawling and we wanted to have an easy portable gate we could put up anywhere . This is it ! Its very light and very easy to set up in any door way . The pressure lock system is simple and makes for a tight fit . Not sure how it would work with older babies or toddlers , but right now its great !!
 I got 2 of them to keep my cat from going into a room but yet keep the door open and it works perfectly.Very easy to adjust and install/uninstall from the doorway .
 Cheap and works like a charm ! My Mom bought one of these things back in the day for use with my brother , who is now 20 years old . -LRB- And was VERY tough on this gate . -RRB- I am STILL using this thing at her house for my son ! -LRB- Who is just as tough on the gate ! -RRB- It works 100 times better than my `` first years '' plastic one . Yes , the adjustable bar is kind of a pain in the butt to set ; but once you set that thing , it is there for good !
 this gate is great . the price was reasionable and affortable . i liked that it was tall and sturdy.easy to use . not hard to open when in a hurry . dependable and long lasting , with warenty .
 If your 4 leg little one has suddenly developed a distasteful interest in the cat box , this is a quick / cheap solution . The cat easily jumps it to do his business ; the dog can only watch from a far . No more of those `` gee , I hope that 's a Baby Ruth bar '' moments and it gives the cat some much needed alone time .
 My son was walking at 81/2 months and never slows down . These gates have been invaluable for containing him in the family room . Easy up & easy down . Adults can step over them but he ca n't `` escape . '' They are just tall enough for him to throw his balls over but not his body . We even take it with us when we travel .
 I bought this item to keep my puppies out of the rooms I did n't want them in and it works great ... would also be good for its intended use , children . It is easy to operate ... very happy with them
 We bought this to block a puppy at a doorway . Arrived in a timely manner , was easy to set-up , and a great value . We have a grandchild arriving in August and it will used effectively then as well .
 It would have been nice to have a height dimension right in the description . I bought two of these from Amazon to keep my growing kitten out of my office . I need to control two doorways and I stack my other two gates one atop the other to keep her out . These new ones are just over 23 '' tall , compared to my others at about 32 '' each , so I now have to order another one to do the trick . Other than that , they 're fine I hope the diamond pattern material will discourage/prevent her from climbing it .
 This gate is basic , pretty much what I expected . It 's a real pain if it comes off the track , which it does nearly every time if you take it down so people can move through rooms . It does keep the baby out of the kitchen , so for the price , I 'd definitely buy again .
 While I do have a baby on the way , I purchased this gate for my scottish terriers - especially for Mr. Murdoch who is a trash monger and has managed to defeat the cardboard box I was using on several occations . This gate keeps the lil ' doggies contained and out of my trash .
 I did n't have much money right when my son learned to crawl and this was the BEST affordable safety gate I could find that was wooden & with length extension so I could use in different places in my home . So far it was a great investment of $ 20 !
 We love this gate ! It 's exactly what we were looking for to keep our determined -LRB- and very strong -RRB- little toddler out of areas she 's not supposed to be in . It 's made of hard wood -LRB- vs some of the gates made of plastic or soft wood -RRB- and is very easy to set up -LRB- once you figure out the TRICK -RRB- . Yes , there is a trick to setting this thing up -LRB- which the manufacturer somehow neglected to provide ! -RRB- I actually thought this gate was a complete failure until I realized that the two latching pieces actually partially detach from one another -LRB- forming a v shape -RRB- . So in essence , detach the latch , pull apart the gate to fit your doorway , then snap back the two pieces to create the tension necessary to keep the gate secured to the doorway . -LRB- Hope that helps ; hard to describe w/p picture . Again , wish manufacturer provided this . -RRB-
 Cat was escapimg by going on pool equipment area and then over the wall . Seconds to install . 100 % effective . I bought two and stacked one on the other instant 4 ' gate . Incredibly low priced.Controlled cat .
 I purchased this to block my stairs off while my dog recovers from surgery . It worked perfectly . It is lightweight . I would want a barrier with a gate opening if I planned to use it long term .
 This baby gate isnt the best that you can get . however its very affordable and does the job . it isnt the sturdiest and probably wont last very long , but its working to keep my infant from falling down the stairs so thats good enough for me.it locks in place very tightly .
 We use this gate to contain our 10 month old son . He likes to play in the hallway so we set it up at the end of the hallway and close all the doors . He spends a lot of time standing and pulling on the gate but it does n't budge . It 's easy to use and it 's a design that has stood the test of time ; I worked in a daycare 15 years ago and this is the gate we used!I will say that this gate did not hold up well to our very active schnauzer . He could easily jump over it . When we stacked the gates , he destroyed the plastic screen and escaped in less than an hour.Good choice for baby , bad choice for dogs .
 this is the most affordable and easiest gate to use . i have one at my kitchen entrance , bottom of the stairs , and one at the top of the stairs . the only thing i do n't enjoy is that everyone must step over it , but it does its job at a good price .
 Light weight , easy to use . Effective unless large dog throws itself at thegate . A jumping dog can also jump over it , however this would happen with any gate that is not installed . I find it perfect for my dogs .
 Got two of these to keep 5lb puppy within the family room , kitchen area since he is not yet house broken . I had to modified the gate a bit since I have baseboards
 Baby gate is perfect for small dogs too ! It 's lightweight , but reasonably sturdy . Easy to install . High enough to keep small dogs in an enclosed area , but low enough to step over . Overall , a good value .
 It does what it is supposed to do . We use it to keep the dogs separated from the cat food & litterbox . It did come apart once & was hard to get reassembled . I would like it better if it were put together with screws rather than brads , but overall a good gate .
 I bought this gate for my ferret ... I wanted to allow him freedom to walk around the apartment while keeping my living room furniture free of his scratches -LRB- on the leather sofa -RRB- . I also wanted him to explore safely without having to keep him in his cage all the time . It works wonderfully !
 Great product , but found EXACT same product at Wal-mart for half the price . Other than terrible price , it does the job .
 I like this gate because it 's so light weight and easy to transport from one location to the next . This gate fits most door ways easily .
 This works wonderfully , once you learn how to snap the bar up and down to fix it into place . Our very rambunctious son ca n't take it down . Works very very well .
 When my children were small in the ' 70 's , the Evenflo Gate was easy to use . Gates offered in the following years were more expensive and hard to use.For reasons that might be offered by Evenflo , their gates became hard to find.I 'm glad they 're more readily available .
 It works really well to keep our two big dogs out from our hallway and rooms . Not just that it keeps the baby from running out into the living room unsupervise . This gate is really strong . it can hold even with the dog bites everywhere and being hit and shook by the dogs and baby girl
 I got this gate to place on the staircase to keep my dogs from going up the stairs . It works very well for the last couple of weeks and has kept them at bay . I have one large 50lbs dog and a small 10lbs dog , and they both have tried getting past it without any luck . Overall , I am very happy with my purchase .
 Looked for a wooden gate at walmart And all the other stores and all they wanted to sell was 40-50 dollar plastic gates that i did n't need . This gate is simple & sturdy enough to hold kids & pets in place , but small enough to step over or take down completely . I also got it at a great price . -LRB- look at them on ebay & you 'll see what i mean -RRB-
 I had a gate similar to this one , it last for 3 years , it would have last longer if my heavy handed husband wouldnt have broke it . I just ordered another one Monday and it came right on time today . Its in perfect condition and its great for my toddler who gets into everything ! Hopefully this gate will last more than 3 years .
 My wife and I recently got a black lab puppy and we purchased this gate to keep her confined to the living room . I know this gate is actually for a baby , but it has worked wonderfully for this need as well . We had purchased another gate from our local Walmart that had a higher price tag , but it turns out it was n't worth the extra money . The Evenflo gate is easier to lock into position and just as tough . If our already 35 pound black lab running into it has n't done any damage then it should be more then sufficient for its actual use with a child . My only regret is that I did n't purchase one of these in the first place .
 I bought this to go at the foot of our stairs , but it was not tall enough to attach at the flat points of the bannister rails . It was n't wide enough to block the kitchen entrance either , but it was perfect for blocking the doors to `` no kid zone '' rooms . My in-laws used one to block the stairs leading down to their basement . Adjustable and very sturdy once locked in place .
 I highly recommend this for younger walkers and crawlers because it really is a strong gate . As your child gets to the age where he learns how to climb , however , beware because the mesh gives little ones a good foot hold . Even though my nephew learned how to climb over the gate , it never fell over -LRB- due to his weight -RRB- - proof that it is an extremely sturdy product despite the fact that it latches on due to pressure alone ! So I give it a four . It 's a great product for the price you pay but it is not perfect in design . Oh , and another thing , try not to let your little ones watch you set up the gate ... they learn real fast once their problem solving capabilities kick in !
 I bought this baby gate not for a baby but for my puppy . It works better then I could have imagined . She does n't jump over it even though I know she could . Mostly because I think she is scared of it . I would totally recommend this for any dog owner trying to confine their dog to a room without putting them in a cage .
 This is the best gate for us . I am reluctant to use gates that screw into the walls , but also wanted something effective . This gate is simple easy to use and depending on the tension you select , really does the job of blocking little ones from dangerous areas . Very light and portable as well .
 We bought this gate to block our 10 months old son . It 's very lightweight and easy to essemble . It only took us not even a minute to figured it . For the price , this is a really sturdy gate , my wife was n't convinced at first -LRB- because it is soooo light -RRB- , so , we highly recommend this gate for parents who 's looking to buy one . You can buy few gates for this price compared to the expensive ones .
 I really like this product . Its lightweight and takes seconds to install . At this price , I bought several to keep in different parts of the house and also in my car for travel .
 This gate was hard for me to figure out until I read the instructions -LRB- duh -RRB- . Now I have 3 of them and they are a breeze . They did mark up my doorways a little , despite what they claim , which is why I give this gate 4 out of 5 stars .
 When installed properly , this gate is extremely sturdy . Our 14-month old son often pulls up on it and it does n't budge . Furthermore , because this gate is portable , it has been very helpful in a variety of situations.I have used this gate to keep my son from trekking onto a wet kitchen or bathroom floor . With practice , it installs in seconds . And instead of closing the door to the office , where there are wires galore , we use this gate . By using this gate -LRB- as opposed to closing doors -RRB- we have been able to more safely take care of practical tasks , while at the same time , maintain some contact with our son and the rest of the apartment.The price is reasonable and the quality is excellent . We highly recommend this gate !
 I purchased this gate because my 11 year old cat insists on going into my room mate 's room and he sheds too much hair . I wanted a gate that did not damage the wall at all because I rent and the landlord is quite picky . The gate arrived and it is very pretty . It can be placed using pressure , however my doors are not even so some adjustments had to be made . We did try it on the front door and it is a perfect fit there , but it all depends on your door 's measurements . The item itself has perfect sleek measurements . I was hoping it would be a little more sturdy , but other than that , it was exactly what I was looking for . The price was great and maybe it took a couple of days more than usual for delivery . I am not complaining though and would be happy to recommend it to someone else with a similar problem . I would not use it on a child , however , or on a younger pet .
 Great to have when there is a new puppy in the house with an already old cranky dog .
 this product us a good divider , my babies are very small so do n't really aknow about it
 We wanted our twins to share a crib as they just slept better near each other . Well , when they got a little older , they started whapping each other in the face and waking each other up . This crib spacer was the perfect solution since they were still near each other , but no face whapping . I really appreciate that it bought us a little more time of them sharing a crib before they just got too big to continue sharing .
 This spacer is perfect for when you are moving your little one from a cradle or bassinet into a full size crib . We keep moving it down as she grows and gets used to her additional space . We wish we 'd had it right away instead of two weeks of trying to use the crib and lots of tears all around .
 My twin girls started rolling around and moving too much at night . They enjoyed sharing a bed so we bought this crib divider and it has solved all our issues . Our girls still have each other close but they have their own space at night while sleeping . It is soft and will work great as a soft toy when the girls are older .
 I bought this item b/c I 'm due to have my twin boys in a month from now . I want them to share a crib in the early months . So - I have n't actually had a chance to use it but have heard some good things from other twin moms . The only thing that disappointed me so far was that you ca n't secure it to your crib if you have a crib bumper . The velco tabs are in the middle of the sides so it wo n't work around the bumper . But - it 's made of foam and is a pretty tight fit that wo n't move easily even if you do n't have it `` attached '' to the crib so this should be fine in the beginning when they are n't big enough to shove it or move it .
 I bought this for my step-daughter 's twins . It worked great , making the purchase of a second crib unnecessary . They did reach a size , after some months , where one or the other would find a way over the blockade , and we 'd find them happily sleeping together . It is durable , provides a snug fit across the crib , and has nothing a baby could injure themselves on .
 I love this product . After I brought baby home he had trouble staying asleep in his crib because it was so big . Once we made the space smaller he sleeps without a problem . Would recommend this product .
 The crib spacer is great when you want to keep twins in the same crib after they 've started rotating and possibly rolling around the crib . It keeps them from rolling and scooting on top of one another.I imagine it 's also good for transitioning single babies to a crib who have been used to a bassinet or co-sleeper . You can keep their environment small and cozy and adjust the position as the baby grows . Installation is easy and it was very secure.It served its purpose for a short time , but it 's too bad that it 's so bulky . It takes up a lot of length of the crib , shortening its life span .
 I have twins and only one space in my bedroom for one crib , this product was a very good solution .
 My husband and I got this when our daughter was a couple of months old . We had put her rear facing seat and base in the middle of the back seat . We were very concerned that the seatbelt did not get tight enough . While shopping at Babies R Us , we came across this product . We bought it and it solved our problem . When she moved into a front facing car seat , we moved her from the middle to the side . Now we had the problem of there being a shoulder strap seatbelt . Again , we used this product and it was solved . We highly recommend this product and we feel our daughter is safe and secure because of this product .
 I would never install a car seat without the Mighty-Tite . I found this product after buying 4 different car seats -LRB- none that we felt were installed tight enough . -RRB- We always tighten the car seat manually -LRB- as much as possible -RRB- before using the Mighty-Tite . We protect our truck seats with a rag where the Mighty-Tite comes in contact with the seat . We have leather seats and have never had any problems or anticipate any . The best feature of the Mighty-Tite
 I bought this on a whim when I was visiting family . I did not have my car seat base with me and was spending quite a bit of time trying to get the car seat tight enough . With the mighty tight , you just buckle the seat in easily and then use the rachet to do the rest . It gets the seat super tight . I also will be very glad to have it with our toddler seat . When I purchesed it , I asked if I could bring it back if I did n't like it . I would never dream of it now !
 Not to dispute the car seat technician 's points , but as parents who need to move the car seat from car to car , my husband and I would n't travel without this little wonder . Sure a car seat inspector can tell you if your seat is installed correctly when they see it , but what about after I 've taken the seat out and put it in another car ... ? I 'm not going back every time I move the seat ! This is one of the best baby safety products I 've found and I love it !
 My husband and I have purchased 4 Mighty Tites . We have two toddlers that are only 15 months apart in age ; therefore , we have 2 carseats in each vehicle . We have been extremely pleased with them ; they definitely make the carseats MUCH more secure and restrict any give and movement . I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 only because it is difficult for me to release the Mighty Tite and take it off to remove the carseats to vacuum and clean - I always have to have my husband do it for me and that is a pain . Other than that , they are great .
 With my first child a good friend and firefighter recommended this . I thought he was crazy ! I got one anyways . It really keeps the carseat in place , and I could n't imagine not having one ! Now I have three kids , and all of them have one . Yes it is a pain to get the carseats in and out of my car , but it is worth every penny . After seeing what happens to carseats that do n't have this , I am a believer for life .
 The Mighty-Tight is one of the best products I have ever used for my baby . It makes installing car seats so much easier - especially on your back ! We bought this item when we started transferring our 3-in-1 car seat from the truck to the car , and we know that ca n't get any more secure . I highly recommend this item !
 I am the very overprotective mother of a two-year-old whom we spent years trying to conceive , so you can imagine how safety conscious we are.I came across this device at Target when we switched our son to his second car seat at about 8 months . I thought , ` Why not ? ' . After reading the instructions several times , playing with and cursing at it until I got it figured out , it was installed . So was my car seat.You wo n't believe how secure this makes your car seat , and how loose your seat was before ! This makes it seem like your seat is actually part of your car . I was amazed.However , bear in mind that this device DOES NOT REPLACE THE LOCKING CLIP . This should only implement it . You want to make absolutely certain that your seat is in properly and is fully tightened BEFORE installing the Mighty Tite.We feel that this device 's main purpose is to remedy the way that our regular installations were loosened by our wiggly kid . It kept us from having to re-install completely every darn time that we went away.You should periodically take the Mighty Tite off and examine the tightness of your regular belt and clip combo . Being that we are constantly transferring our seat to Granny 's car and back , we are covered.This is a wonderful product as long as you are n't using it as a short cut . Your seat is n't just in your car , it is INSTALLED .
 I bought this for my son 's carseat for the heck of it . I did n't hear anything about it but I thought I would try it by what it says on the package . I ca n't believe how easy it is to buckle the seat in any car . Its so easy to use and it makes the seat fit very tightly ! I feel so much better with this product than the clip . I love knowing that my son is safe in his carseat ! No doubts at all . I can switch the carseat between cars & it automatically adjusts with a few clicks .
 It is such a pleasure to give a gift and hear the words , `` I ca n't tell you how much I appreciate this ! '' I have given Mighty-Tite to about 15 different people , ALL of whom have responded in that fashion . It is so nice to be able to give parents something that will keep their child safe and save them time and aggravation . I repeatedly hear how easy M-T is to use and how it is the perfect accompaniment for the child and car seat when visiting the grandparents . It 's a wonderful feeling to know that there is an affordable present that provides both the child and parents with security . If people are looking for something to give to new parents or another gift for the holidays , I 'm sure the recipients will be mighty happy with Mighty-Tite .
 I rate this product excellent . It removes the slack of safety in car seats for children . It secures the seat and removes any slack from the seat belt in which it prevents the car seat from moving or slidding . It adds safety to our children and that is priceless.Mark Balelo
 I just purchased one of these awesome products for my sister 's new baby to come home from the hospital . She has an older car with unsafe seat belts . This product was easy to apply and remove and really did a great job at getting the seat in tight . I am right now placing a new order for two more for my kids ! Would recommend this to anyone !!
 I would always insist on installing my kids car seats because my husband did n't have the patience to wrestle with the seats to get them tight enough . It would take me forever , I 'd usually be sweating and frustrated , and sometimes I still did n't think they were in there tight enough . This gadget is WONDERFUL . The seats do n't move an inch and I installed them in NO TIME !!! I do n't even mind switching cars or trusting my husband to install the seats now . I was afraid to spend the money at first but I 'm glad I did . This is not a gimmick ! It is well worth the price and makes a wonderful gift !
 I have a Britax Chaperone infant carseat and the base has an excellent lock off feature built in . However I could not get it so tight that it would move less than an inch . After easily installing the Mighty Tite , it 's like the base is a part of the car . It does n't move at all . I am not a particularly strong or large person and it was a breeze to install . I highly recommend this product .
 A friend recomended the Mighty-Tite , and it has been very usefull in my van . We have had difficulty in getting the carseats tight and this has been a huge help . I feel my kids are more safe .
 I used the Mighty-Tite for all three of my kids when they were in infant car seats with a base . It was the only thing that got the base tight enough that it would n't move more than an inch . I was n't aware that it 's not recommended by fire departments or the NHTSB . I might think twice about using it again if I have another baby , but it worked great for the last three .
 I recently took my one year old to visit some friends in another state . When we got there , we realized that her car did not have latch , and it was impossible to install the carseat securely . In fact , their daughter 's seat was moving at least 4 inches , too ! I immediately picked up a Mighty Tite and within 3 minutes installed my son 's seat so tightly that I ran out and bought one for my friend . During the trip , I had to install his carseat in 3 other cars , all without difficulty and in less than 3 minutes due to the Mighty Tite . I must say , the LATCH on my car is incredibly convenient , but with the Mighty Tite , it is even more secure . I 'll be using both , I am sure !
 This item really solved the problem of having a seatbelt with a clasp that just slides freely up and down the belt . We were able to really cinch down the carseat with this . Our carseat wo n't budge . Small price to pay to keep your child safe .
 As the father of two girls , ages 4 and 1 , please allow me to tell you from experience what a terrific product this is . My only regret is that I did n't get until until recently , because it would have saved me countless hours installing car seats . I do n't care if you have extra car seats , you will always moving them in and out , switching cars with family members , vacuuming the car , etc. , -- you will use this product . Imagine this scenario
 I love this product . I never felt that I could get the seatbelt tight enough when installing my son 's car seat to be safe and now I can . I too move his seat back and forth between vehicles - now it 's quick and relatively easy and I put one in every baby shower gift I give . The person who said it frayed their seatbelts must not have been careful to make sure the seatbelt was feeding straight into the Mighty Tite when they did their installation . I made that mistake once and noticed it had stretched my seatbelt a little and have since been careful and have n't had any problems .
 I love this lil gadget . It makes installing a car seat in any car a breeze ! I take it where ever we travel to , since it is so easy to install . If you buy any car seat get this gadget . I can not say enough , how much I love this device . Plus you have peace of mind that you child 's seat is secure and immoveable .
 I love this gadget . I bought two extra bases for my infant car seat for both my husband 's and my mother 's car . Unlike my car , there center seat has a harness strap . Those are hard to get really tight . My center seat has just the lap belt and it was easy to secure the base . With the harness strap it was just too hard to get the seat in tight enough . With the mighty tight , it was a snap . You just hooked it in , cranked it , and voula !!! That seat is n't going anywhere . I love it . It is easy to use , it makes the seat secure , and it is sturdy . You must have this if you are trying to secure a seat in a position with a shoulder harness .
 We use this in our Mazda Protege and really like how tight and secure it keeps the car seat .
 I just installed this for our incoming secong baby . This was really easy to install and the seat is very tight which gives me a safer feeling . I wish I knew about this when we had our first baby . All you have to do is slide the belt in position and crank ! The enclosed instructions are refresheningly easy to follow . I stronglly reccomend this for all the parents out there .
 I do n't know how anyone can install a car seat without this . We used it with our first infant seat , and are still using it with our new Latch-equipped car seat . We thought with the new Latch system we would no longer need the Mighty-Tite , but it was the only way we could get the seat tightly secured . According to the car seat instructions , your baby 's car seat should not move more than an inch from side to side when you push it . This was impossible without the Mighty-Tite .
 I bough this when I bought the Britax Marathon cars seat . The mighty-tite is a lifesaver . The car seat goes in and out of two cars almost daily . It is very easy to operate . Just be careful not to over tighten , if you do then it is very hard to get to the yellow lever .
 This device provides serious piece of mind if , after really doing everything in your power to properly install a car seat -LRB- and I have installed dozens -RRB- , there is still an unacceptable degree of movement . Some cars just do n't conform well to chaild safety seats , especially those older than the 2002 model year . This thing will allow you to absolutely secure the seat so there is little to no `` give '' left in it . I have not heard of any concerns about damaging the seat before , but if such things happen , it is likely related to the fact that you can really get a choke-hold on a seat by tightening the straps twtih the `` Mighty-tite ''
 I know we have all probably said a few choice words to those brass clips that come with carseats . They are both a pain to install and do n't feel very secure . I purchased the Mighty Tite on a whim and have been sleeping better ever since ! I have recommended it to friends as well . It 's a sinch to install and when done properly , you carseat hardly moves !
 This product is a god send . I own a small four door sedan and I do not feel safe with my daughter sitting next to the door . However , my '98 Sentra does not have a center shoulder belt , and I could not get the lap belt tight enough . This product is truly a miracle ! My daughter 's car seat does not BUDGE ! I feel incredibly safe now . And , even after months of use , when I check the tightness , it has not loosened a bit . Grandma bought one for her car too . A DEFINITE MUST for any expectant mother !
 I ca n't say enough about this thing . Like previous reviewers have stated , trying to get a car seat in tight enough when it 's being transfered from one car to the next is not only a pain , but a safety hazard . With this little gizmo , we are consistantly able to get the carseat in tighter than the police officer could who initially installed it for us . It 's quick , simple to use , and certainly a life saver - both literally and figurtively . A must have , a great baby gift , and worth every penny !
 This is an excellent product if you have an older car . We have an old car , and as hard as I tried I could n't get the booster seat tight , untill I got this thing . The booster seat is so tight now it wo n't budge . It works better on older cars because there is less tension in the seat belt , so there is enough belt for it to grab . Its hard to remove however , but I 'd rather have that then a loose seat . This thing works , get it !
 I have purchased the Mighty-Tite Car Seat Belt Tightener last year and it was the BEST purchase I made for my son ! I could never quite get the car seat as secure as I wanted . I purchased the Mighty-Tite and I can not believe that my son 's seat does not even budge ! It is extremely easy to install and I also purchased one for my husband 's truck . You can put your mind at ease when you KNOW your child is safe ! I highly recommend this to everyone . In fact , I now buy this as a gift for all of my friends having babies !
 The Mighty Tite Car Seat Belt Tightener is the best baby product ever . Your car seat will never be tighter and your baby will never be more safe . It is very easy to install and remove when necessary . Mighty Tite is a must for everyone .
 Using the factory shoulder belt lock in my ford van made my sons car seat tip towards the seat belt buckle , the tighter I got the seat belt the more it tipped ! While it was in tight , it still had a lot of play in the sideways motion of the seat . I got the mighty tight and reinstalled the seatbelt using a locking clip so I could bypass the shoulder belt lock . With the locking clip on one side and the mighty tight on the other the seat is not just straight , it is totally immovable ! I ca n't even tip it a little bit ! I know my son is safer thanks to this little device !
 As a mother of a 3 & 1/2 yr old and a baby on the way next month - i have 4 of these wonderful devices . I first learned of this item at a baby fair when my son was 6 mo old . I had always struggled to get his carseat `` just right '' and spend hours , literally hours getting it to the perfect tightness . This item is a time saver , no doubt . I feel totally comfortable transporting children in my car with this item . Whenever I take anyone else 's child in my car - I used to always be afraid their seats were n't as tight as they should be . Now - I can just pop on the mighty tite and my worries are over . The Problems that i 've heard about the device is mostly from the `` car seat expert installers '' that really do n't know a lot about this item . The might tite web site -LRB- check it out -RRB- goes over all saftey tests that have been done . The main thing i have heard about this is that is strips the threading of the seat belt over time after repeted removal . I would think this would have to be done A LOT and you should check your seat belt for wear periodically anyhow . The chances of a seat belt fraying is far less likely than an improperly installed carseat getting into an accident . I 'll take those chances if it means my children will have the best odds of a safe trip . I recommend this to my MOMS club , neighbors and friends , and will continue to do so . The seat is snug , secure and that is the most important thing to me .
 I do n't have enough room to explain this here , but until I found this product , there was no way to get a carseat tight enough in my van in the MIDDLE seat . Techs at two different seatbelt clinics did a fine job of getting it tightened in the spot right behind the DRIVER , but I did n't want it there becuase of the possibility of driver-side collisions . Its just that in the middle spot , the seatbelt had to come from the passenger-side to the middle , and NO ONE -LRB- my husband , father-in-law and brother-in-law all working on it together -RRB- could get it tight stretching that whole distance . Now I can have more kids !!! I can finally get my carseat in that middle spot !
 My children 's car seats never seemed to be completely tight . After I installed the Mighty Tite , it was like I just left the certified inspector 's office . Great product ! It gives me peace of mind knowing my children are safe in their seats . Be careful not to be overzealous when tightening product .
 Well worth the money !! I almost didnt buy - thinking gosh thats kinda expensive but then I then I felt bad because it my kids life we are talking about !! Easy to install and in an instant - the carseat DOES NOT BUDGE !! Before I installed it moved way to much for my comfort !! We are now going back to buy another for our sone carseat !!!!
 When researching this product I did not find a review that answered my questions . I am writing to try to help someone else . If you are one of those people with an aging automobile and your seat belts only lock when the brakes are applied , you want this product . We have a 1978 pickup , before Mighty Tite you may as well have left the seatbelt undone . It took some adjustments , because the seatbelt is so long , we had to attempt installation several times , but now my daughter is secure . As far as removal goes , if you follow the `` guidelines '' recommended by the Highway Patrol and put your weight in the car seat to breakdown the give in the seat cushion of the vehicle , remember to also apply your weight when you release the Mighty Tite . Love it . Recommend it .
 I bought this seat belt tightener not long after giving birth to my son . The particular car seat we were given did not have the LATCH straps . I did n't purchase the straps because I knew he would not be in the infant car seat for long and we were taking his car seat in and out if we rode in someone 's vehicle . This was the best thing . It kept the seat belt tight without having to tighten it every time I put my son in his car seat , or took baby and car seat out . It was very easy to use . The directions stay on the tightener so you do n't have to keep a book in your car . I recommend this to anyone with a vehicle that is n't LATCH equipped . It is easy enough to tighten with one hand .
 Mighty Tight seatbelt tightener for car seat . Works as promised ! great for travel in unfamiliar and rental cars - I tighten in onto the seat in back for travel !
 I love the Mighty Tite . I know there is controversy on the matter of using this product , but I have used it for a year with NO problems . I got it as a baby shower gift AFTER I spent well over an hour in my small british rover with my huge pregnant belly trying to get my carseat base installed tight enough . With Might Tite I have a good secure carseat in a minute ! SO EASY ! It is a little bulky , but it really does make the seat stay in place . My friend acutally went and got one after seeing mine !
 A family member gave me my first mighty tite when I was pregnant with my first child and I instantly fell in love . I 've tried to install various carseats in various cars and I 'm rarely pleased with how secure the carseat actually is . Mighty tite takes a lot of the strain out of making a carseat secure . I actually just bought 2 more for Grandma 's car !
 This is a must-have for a tight-fitting car seat . Very easy to use -LRB- directions on laminated card are attached -RRB- . Great for travel , too -- use in a rental car for extra safety . -LSB- It 's amazing how many `` trained '' car rental employees do n't seem to know what they 're doing ! -RSB- One last note ... I bought ours at Wal Mart for a few dollars less and no shipping . Either way , buy it ! Great/novel shower gift , too .
 I have a 2002 Nissan Pathfinder and purchased the Britax Advantage infant to toddler carseat . Unfortunately , my truck was manufactured a few months to early for the LACTH system , so no matter how hard I tried I could not tighten the seatbelt enough to properly secure my baby 's carseat . I decided to purchase the Mighty Tight , after 3 cranks the belt was tightened and the carseat would n't even budge . It has been a month now since it 's installation and it is still secure .
 I absolutely LOVE this product . I purchased one for each of our carseats - three all together . I would NEVER be without it again . It 's easy to install and remove . Whenever our children ride in someone else 's car , this goes too!All you do is slip your seatbelt into the tightener after your seat is belted into the car . Then start cranking the handle . -LRB- no more sweating !! -RRB- When you 're finished , your child 's carseat wo n't budge !! I mean it !! Finally , no more worrying about whether your child 's seat is tight enough!I highly recommend this product . I wish I 'd had it a long time ago .
 I love the Mighty-Tite , I would and do recommend it to anyone . We have one for both of our children . It secures your car seat so tightly . I have always been a big `` get the car seat in right '' person and this is the only thing that makes me feel secure . It is hard to remove , but if you just unhook the seatbelt first it 's not too bad . But I like that it 's hard to remove , because my 3 year old is always fiddling with it .
 I have found this to be the BEST Carseat product on the market ! I was at a car seat safty clinic offered annually by the NC Highway patrol , and it took 3 grown , experienced police officer 's 3 hours to get the seat tight enough to be considered safe . -LRB- Which means it can not move more than 1 inch in ANY direction -RRB- . With this , I can actually put the seat in myself , within 5 minutes !!!!! THIS IS THE BEST !!!!! The car seat is in better now than it has EVER been !!! GOD BLESS THE INVENTORS , MANUFACTURERS AND DISTRIBUTERS !!!!! This product is WELL worth the price !
 This is great !!! It makes life so much easier when you need to take a carseat in and out . It also takes the guess work out of wondering if the seat is in tight enough . Great for women , since we ca n't always get the seat in as tight as our husbands :-RRB- Definately a must have !!!!
 While I would not feel comfortable relying on this product for everyday use , it works great for those travel situations when you have no idea what type of seatbelt configuration to expect ... from the cab to the airport to your in-laws older model automobile . Pack one along -LRB- and make sure you test it on your own car before you need to use it -RRB- and feel safe knowing you have a fast , easy way to secure your car seat . I just returned home from a trip where the car seat was attached and reattached numerous times in various vehicles and I have no idea how I would have tightened the seatbelts -LRB- especially lap belts -RRB- in many of the autos without this device .
 I bought the mighty tite on a recommendation and let them sit in the house for a while before using them because I thought they were going to be difficult to use . When I finally got around to using the mighty tite for each of my childrens car seats I was amazed at how simple it is to use and how wonderful it is at holding the car seats in place . I always worry about the car seats being in tight enough . I check the seats often and with MIGHTY TITE they are always secure ! I highly recommend . I would n't have used just on the recommendation but it states on the package that they have been approved .
 This is an excellent product for the money ! We first installed our car seat -LRB- 3-way Eddie Bauer -RRB- without one and noticed it was not quite tight enough for our liking . We put the Mighty Tite on and it does not budge now . I would n't put a car seat in my car without one ! I feel that my child is very safe now .
 this is the BEST item you can buy to make sure that your car seat is truly in properly . I have this in both of my cars and the seats do not move at all . this item is the greatest thing to make sure that your baby is safe in your car . It tightens the seat more than anyone can ever do by hand and like I said my seats do not budge even an inch
 I purchased the Mighty Tite after hours of fighting with car seats , trying to get it not to move more than 1 inch . It was a little tricky to figure out how to release it , after you secured it down , but now I can install the car seat in less than 5 minutes . I loved it so much that I have one on each of my children 's car seats , and on the carseats in the grandparents car . This product will save you from hours of aggravation .
 It 's about time that something this great was invented for securing car seats !!! This product is easy to use and fastens the car seat in securely ! It is a must have for anyone with children using car seats .
 Both my husband and I hated to move the car seat , mostly because of setting it up and making sure it was tight enough . This device is definitely worth the cost - I would have paid more ! It took me less than a minute to set it up and tighten the seat belt so tight that the car seat did not budge at all !!! Love it ! I plan to give it as a gift to all my family and friends who have kids or are having kids !
 I got this car seat tightener because my 2000 Explorer does not have tether attachments -- ironically , my Jeep Wrangler -LRB- a not-so-family car -RRB- DOES have tether attachments ! It was very difficult to get my son 's car seat in tight enough to keep it from really moving around in a crash . I LOVE this product !! If you can get your car seat installed by a certified tech , that 's great and it 's the way to go . BUT my son 's car seat is quite often going back and forth between our car and Grandma 's car for Grandma-Fun-Days . Are we going to go to a tech every time we move the car seat back and forth ?! Yeah , right . The Mighty-Tite is the ONLY reason I feel that my son is safe in my mom 's car . I get it in there SO tight every time , and really quickly , too . This product is on my list of must-haves before my daughter arrives in May .
 I am a big guy , and even when I pushed down on the base of our Graco seat , I could not get the seat installed tight enough . A couple of clicks on the Mighty-Tite was all I needed to fix that!This device is excellent , and I ca n't possibly imagine anyone breaking it like some reported here , the device weighs a lot -LRB- a good thing -RRB- and feels extremely sturdy .
 I used the mighty tight with the infant car seat for both my 3 year old and 2 week old . They work so well and I would recommed it to anyone especially if you have leather interior . It is so hard to not have your car seats move around no matter who installs them -LRB- my husband is a fireman -RRB- . The mighty tight is the BEST , you wont be disapointed even if people dont recommend them . Considering MOST car seats are installed incorrectly , it is impossible to do it wrong with this device .
 I do n't own this , but am thinking of buying it . It seems like people either give it 5 stars or 0 stars . There is no question that it does what it claims to do.My question is , if it is dangerous as the technicians say it is - why has it not been recalled by the CPSC ? It seems to me that it 's been around long enough that if this product caused or contributed to injury of a child , it would no longer be sold .
 I use this in both cars on all our child seats -LRB- 4 in all -RRB- , it is easier , faster and more secure than using the LATCH system when you have to remove/replace the seats . You just put the seat belt through the child seat and then feed both belts through the Mighty-Tite and ratchet it tight .
 This is a great product . I feel that my child is completely secure using this device on her carseat .
 I do n't care what the alleged `` professional installers '' say about this after market device . It is the best !! When my car seats were installed with it , when trying to rock the car seat , the whole car would move and the seat stayed put . I 've seen other cars , with professional car-seat installations , and theseat would slide all over the place . I 've NEVER seen any other car seat installation with a tighter fit without using one of these.I 've used this product in the following cars : > 2002 Subaru Legacy Outback Wagon > 1999 Toyots Camry Sedan . > 1998 Buick Regal > ???? Jeep without a reticulating shoulder belt.The only `` issues '' are that1 . The seat belt will look a bit streached after using it .2 . Sometimes , you may need to try different configurations and locations for different cars to find one that is easy to install and remove .3 . I dropped one on the driveway and it no longer functioned , but I was quite happy to buy another .
 I feel that without this it is next to impossible to safely install a car seat by yourself . Sometimes it is possible to get a professional to do so but other times it is not . For the life of me , I ca n't install a car seat safely without this product . It keeps the seat tight which is very important . To have the seat sliding and loose is very dangerous . I recommend this product , it really helps out !!
 This defiantly keeps the seat in place . I know what they are saying about the fire dept does n't want you to add anything to the seat . They want you to use the seat the way the manufacture sent it . My sister in law went to the hospital and had to take the car seat class and the fire fighter put the seat in for them . . Well I saw the seat after he put it in and it was rocking back and fourth . . Her daughters seat belt has the might tight and he could n't believe how her seat would n't budge . I also have this on my DD car seat and it travels with me . . Like the someone said early , the older cars do n't have anchors or the belts are manual tighten so this product really come in handy . I would recommend to all moms who want there child safe and secure in there seats .
 I never fully appreciated the Mighty Tite until I recently had to leave my Cosco carseat with the sitter because she was taking the kids on a little field trip . I panicked for a moment when I was faced with removing his seat from my car -LRB- and worse , the panick of then reinstalling it at the end of the day -RRB- . Then I realized that all I had to do with unclick the car 's seatbelt , and unthread the belt from the carseat and I was done ... in 30 seconds . Reinstalling was just as easy plus I gave the Mighty Tite an extra half crank just to be sure . If I had to mess with contorting my body so that I could put full body weight on one knee pressing into the carseat each time I had to get it out , I 'd be at the chiropractor 's every day !
 I agree with all the other positive reviews ! It 's virtually impossible to get a car seat where it wo n't move ! Even after our car seat was properly installed , I did not feel my child was safe . When my child goes with his grandma in his car seat , the tightener goes with him . In fact , I am going to buy another one for my husband 's vehicle .
 The Mighty Tite car seat belt tightener is NOT a replacement for proper car seat installation . It can help get the car seat `` just a little bit '' tighter . I have used the device for three years now , with infant and toddler seats , and have continued to be pleased with it . It constantly keeps the seat tight and does away with an excess wiggling . My vehicle has slippery seats and this device gets the car seats a little bit tighter than I manually can . I highly recommend this product ! I also highly recommend attending a local CHP car seat installation workshop too .
 There 's a lot of controversy surrounding the safety of 3rd party items such as the Mighty Tite . I think each parent should weigh the pros and cons of using it in each individual car . I think in some scenarios , it 's appropriate to use.I bought one a few years back after a friend recommended it to me , but I found it was n't necessary with my 2002 Toyota Sienna . I was able to get the seat in tightly by itself . Fast forward 2 years ; I 'm now driving a 1992 Mazda MPV with the older , non-locking seatbelts . Having to use the locking clip makes it very difficult to get that tight fit with just the belt . Thankfully , I still had the Mighty Tite ! Now , is is a very important tool that helps me install the carseat tight with minimal play.Now I have to wonder how long Amazon will be out of stock ! I just had another child ealier this month and realized I need a second Mighty Tite ! ; o -RRB-
 This is a wonderful new gadget for parents ! I have two older kids and did n't have this little beauty when they were babies . I did n't even know there was such a thing ... I drive a minivan and my husband drives a SUV and it works perfectly in our cars . This lock helps to secure the car set like no other thing out there . I am very picky about how tightly my kids ' seats fit in the car . I try to shake and pry them loose to make sure they are tight enough ... there is no movement when you use this baby ! This is a definite must have for all new parents !
 This product is awesome ! I bought one because my son 's car seat just was n't as tight as I felt it needed to be . As soon as I installed it and saw the difference I went and bought another for the car seat in my husbands car as well!Sometimes it is a little hard to get it to release when removing it , but with a little effort after a minute or two it comes off.Definetely a must have !
 I love this product ! I have two of them and my son does n't go anywhere without them . I recommend this to anyone who has or cares for children . It is worth every penny . I would pay 3 times as much for this product . Kudos to Sunshine Kids and the inventor !
 I have two small boys in car seats and I have always had a problem installing their car seats tightly until now ! Mighty-Tite is GREAT !! It makes installing my car seats fast and easy ! I recommend it to everyone .
 I understand the people who install car seats who feel this item is n't needed and distrust its lack of crash testing , but my infant car seats are hand-me-downs without LATCH . My car has LATCH , but does not seem to have the kind of seat belts that stay tight . My car seat does n't just get a little loose ... you can move it 4 or 5 inches side to side if you try . It may be that a car seat tech could train me to do a better job with the locking clip , but I ca n't get it to stop this . And one of the seats was given to me without a locking clip at all . I have no problem tightening the seat belt enough - it just wo n't stay that way.This product allows me to tighten the car seat enough to meet the `` one inch '' spec . Nothing else has . So it definitely adds to my baby 's safety.Finally - to the car seat techs - with the number of these that have been sold , it does n't appear that anyone has come forward to say that it failed in a crash . Just because it has n't been crash-tested does not mean it is unsafe . And there is absolutely nothing wrong with aftermarket goods as a rule , tho manufacturers will ALWAYS tell you otherwise .
 SOMEONE forgot to do their homework before rating this product ; I , on the other hand , did not.Although the NHTSA -LRB- National Highway Traffic Safety Administration -RRB- & DOT -LRB- Department of Transportation -RRB- can not officially endorse or approve aftermarket products , they have tested this device and back it in writing at http://www.mighty-tite.com/Pages/mttestBody.html . Check their overall conclusions : + In all tests performed , the Mighty-Tite complied with the applicable requirements of the FMVSS standards . + No significant effects of installation and usage were observed on the seat belt webbing . + Installation of the Mighty-Tite reduced the effects of the dynamic crash test on injury criteria specified in FMVSS 213 .
 I love this product !!! Instead of taking 20 minutes to tighten the belt and adjust the clip I can tighten the belt in seconds ! I have been amazed at how tight this clip actually gets the belt . Our carseat does n't move at all . I recommend buying this for all your family and friends .
 This product is invaluable , but a little tricky to use at first . We have a Camry and an older Chevy . This belt tightener works great in both cars . The seat wo n't budge . Getting the belt really tight is a snap . Occasionally you may have to re-set the belt if the seat starts to lean to one side . -LRB- This is a testament to the ability of the Mighty Tight to secure the belt tightly rather than a product flaw -RRB- . The reason for the tilt is the use of uneven padding within or on top of the back seat.The money is well worth it unless you are a certified technician who knows how to securely fasten safety seats.Four stars are given due to some akwardness in releasing the latch when removal is desired . On the other hand , you do n't have to worry about the belt releasing pre-maturely . The latch is only rated to approximately 60 pounds . For older children another device should be used .
 When I installed my childseat using the Mighty Tite the inspector at the hospital said it was the best she had ever seen by a new parent . Sure , it is great to have a fireman or a police officer install your seat , but what happens when you have to move it to another car . The Mighty Tite allows for an easy , proper , and tight installation by anyone.The concerns you hear expressed in other recommendation regarding additional equipment are because standard car seat instructions warn against using other items . This is to discourage people from wedging two by fours under the seat to make it stiff . As for concerns over weakening the seat over time , it tightens the belts just as much as a properly installed seat . The negative comments about this product are just wrong . All of this has been tested -LRB- See Below -RRB- . The Consumer Products Safety Commission would have pulled this product years ago if it was not safe . Think about how many child seats are recalled . There is no mention of the Mighty Tite on their CPSC 's website.One of my friends showed me it when my wife was pregnant and said it was essential . He was right . I now have four -LRB- two seats in two cars -RRB- . As each of my friends have children I buy one for them . I am not affiliated with Mighty Tite . I just love this product and hate seeing kids put in child seats that slide on the seat.INFORMATION FROM THE MIGHTY TITE WEBSITE : Background and Summary of Evaluations for the Mighty-Tite Seat Belt TightenerRegulatory EnvironmentThe National Highway Traffic Safety Administration -LRB- NHTSA -RRB- , under the Department of Transportation , is responsible for developing and administering regulations regarding motor vehicle safety . These regulations are identified as Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards -LRB- FMVSS -RRB- . Although NHTSA has promulgated many regulations regarding motor vehicle safety , there are no specific regulations or testing protocols that govern what are usually described as `` aftermarket '' products . NHTSA 's regulations cover vehicles themselves , as well as certain products used in them such as child restraint systems -LRB- `` car seats '' -RRB- , but do not cover `` aftermarket '' products such as the Mighty-Tite . Nevertheless , because the Mighty-Tite 's intended usage is in conjunction with both the vehicle lap seat belt and a car seat , there are two regulations that can be used as reference to determine testing of the Mighty-Tite and evaluate its effectiveness for its intended purpose . These regulations are FMVSS 213 for Child Restraint Systems and FMVSS 209 for Seat Belt Assemblies.Testing and ProtocolTo provide a measure of confidence that the Mighty-Tite is in substantial compliance with the applicable provisions of these regulations , testing was conducted at both the University of Michigan Transportation Research Institute -LRB- UMTRI -RRB- and at Detroit Testing Laboratory -LRB- DTL -RRB- . The UMTRI testing involved dynamic crash testing using a variety of dummies and car seats to evaluate injury criteria ; the DTL testing involved physical testing of the Mighty-Tite to evaluate its functional and physical properties.In addition to this testing , other tests were also conducted to evaluate the performance of the Mighty-Tite when subjected to multiple installations and adjustments during use , and to comparatively evaluate its performance during the dynamic crash test relative to standard car seat installations.Dynamic Crash TestingThe dynamic crash testing per FMVSS 213 utilized the following dummies in their appropriate car seats : * Newborn in a rear facing infant seat * 6-month old in a rear facing infant seat * 12-month old in a forward facing car seat and a forward facing booster * 3-year old -LRB- both with and without a weighted vest attached -RRB- in a forward facing car seat * 6-year old -LRB- both with and without a weighted vest attached -RRB- in a forward facing car seatTest results for these tests were the numerical injury criteria measurements specified in the standard , including : * Head Injury Criteria -LRB- HIC -RRB- * Chest Acceleration -LRB- Chest G 's -RRB- * Head Excursion * Knee Excursion * Back Angle -LRB- for rear facing seats -RRB- Physical PropertiesFlammability , temperature resistance , compressive forces , and seat belt webbing integrity were evaluated relative to the requirements of FMVSS 209 . Multiple Installation CyclingAlthough not required by a specific safety standard protocol , seat belt webbing was cycled through the Mighty-Tite at various angles to simulate multiple installations and sliding of the product on the webbing . This test was conducted to determine if such action created any adverse effects on the webbing itself.Comparative Tests with Loosely Belted Car SeatsAgain , although not required by any safety standard , dynamic crash testing was conducted per the FMVSS 213 protocol to evaluate the use of the Mighty-Tite on car seat installations relative to these same installations without the Mighty-Tite in place and with loose and normal seat belt tension . Injury criteria as specified above were measured and compared to determine the effectiveness of the Mighty-Tite . Summary of Results * Dynamic Crash Testing - all numerically measured injury criteria were well within the established limits of FMVSS 213 . * Physical Properties - all properties evaluated met the requirements of FMVSS 209 . Seat belt webbing integrity also met these requirements after dynamic crash testing with the Might-Tite installed . * Multiple Installation Cycling - no significant damage or deterioration was observed during this test that would affect the performance of the seat belt webbing as specified in FMVSS 209 . * Comparative Testing - all numerically measured injury criteria were reduced through the use of the Mighty-Tite on car seats.Overall Conclusions * In all tests performed , the Mighty-Tite complied with the applicable requirements of the FMVSS standards . * No significant effects of installation and usage were observed on the seat belt webbing . * Installation of the Mighty-Tite reduced the effects of the dynamic crash test on injury criteria specified in FMVSS 213 . The Effects of Seat Belt Tightness on Child Restraint SystemsAs a result of investigation and research into the issue of vehicle seat belt tightness and the potential effect of excessive tightness on a child restraint system -LRB- CRS -RRB- , the following salient points are relevant to this issue : * In general , CRS design and construction takes into account the tension forces generated on the seat belt during both the manufacturer 's recommended CRS installation process and the dynamic crash test . * Dynamic crash test forces far exceed those placed upon the CRS during recommended installation -LRB- by as much as 8 or 10 times -RRB- , and therefore these extreme forces are generally relied upon to determine design and engineering specifications for the maximum required performance of the CRS . * During the CRS installation process , typically vehicle seats themselves are initially compressed as the seat belt tension on the CRS increases . * Empirical testing has shown that with excessive tightening of up to 100 lbs . of seat belt tension force , vehicle seats typically deform and/or are permanently damaged prior to any damage occurring to the CRS itself . * Even after excessive tightening of the seat belt up to 100 lbs. , vehicle seats immediately begin to `` relax '' into a position that then relieves the seat belt tension over a short period of time , significantly reducing the overall tension force on the CRS to below 40 lbs . * Complaints and returns of CRS units for structural damage as a result of excessive seat belt tightening are virtually non-existent . Implications for the Mighty-Tite Seat Belt Tightener * When the Mighty-Tite is used properly , the tension force applied to the seat belt is comparable to the force on the CRS when it is installed according to the manufacturer 's recommendations without the use of the device . * Even if excessive force is exerted through the use of the Mighty-Tite during CRS installation , due to the dynamics of the vehicle seat and the actual resultant force on the seat belt , there is no indication that CRS performance will be degraded .
 This is amazing . I thought that I was doing a good job tightening my son 's car seat , but there is no way that I could ever get it as tight as it is with Mighty Tite . I love this product and will now be purchasing it for every baby gift that I will buy in the future .
 Let 's face it , it is virtually impossible to properly install a car seat . Why do you think such a large percentage of them are not installed correctly ? Even if you follow the instructions exactly and tighten the seat belt as much as humanly possible , the seat will still usually move far too much.After struggling with installing my car seats , I dreaded having to switch them into a different car and reinstall them if someone else was watching my daughter or we needed a ride to the airport or something . I picked this product up about a year ago and will never go without one again . Installing the car seat is much faster , as you do not have to spend time kneeling in the seat and trying with all your might to tighten the seat belt -LRB- which really ca n't be done in most cars -RRB- . The seat can be installed in mere minutes and will not move at all , even when you are dealing with a lap/shoulder belt combination . Switching the seat between cars is a snap now , so I do n't need to worry if I need my daughter to ride in someone else 's car . I am expecting another baby in October and am planning on purchasing another mighty-tite for his car seat . I will never again let one of my children ride in a car seat that does n't have one of these attached .
 I believe we can fairly judge the usefulness of this accessory in terms of `` before '' and `` after '' . We 're on our second car seat now , and I 've helped install others for friends , and every car seat has its own installation quirks . At some point , with all of them , if you 're using seat belts to hold down the car seat , you 're going to have to tighten the belt significantly . When I install our car seat -LRB- before the Mighty Tite -RRB- , that means getting up on it and bearing down a lot of weight while tugging on it ; when my wife does it , it means not being able to get a really tight fit at all . `` After '' we got the Mighty Tite , and went through the use of it , I 'd say our car seat installation time was reduced by 200 % , and the installation job was much more secure . During a recent spate of traveling , we had to install and re-install the seat a dozen times in a two-week period , and this was utterly essential for getting on and off of the airplane quickly while still having a securely-installed seat , and even more importantly , getting the seat re-installed securely when we were putting it into a `` strange '' car.We particularly appreciated the plastic instructions attached to the Mighty Tite with a metal ring -- it meant when we got confused about how to use it with a different belt arrangement , we had the visual reference right at hand and not all dog-eared or ripped up -LRB- like our car seat installation manual ! -RRB- Obviously , if you 're only going to install the car seat once in one car there may be diminishing returns on a device like this . But if you have to move it even occasionally , I think this accessory is worth the price for a little extra security and peace of mind , plus a few extra minutes saved.The one caveat I provide is that the plastic retainers that hold the strap in have begun to look a little stressed -LRB- the way well-used plastic looks before it breaks -RRB- , so this might not wear well over a multi-year period . This is not a safety issue , since this part is used only to guide the safety belt , and if it does break , it will still be usable . Still , one would hope it will not ! Since we 've already put it to heavy use , though , I 'm well satisfied at the purchase and value .
 Our son was about a year old when we discovered this neat little gizmo . Balking at the price , we waited until he was 2 years old to actually purchase one - big mistake ! Not only does the Mighty-Tite make installing a car seat a breeze , it keeps the car seat secure over time - something that we were not able to do with just a standard seat belt and clip , in our Saturn ! We were so impressed , that we bought a second one for the ease of installation -LRB- more than the secure over time issue -RRB- for my car . Then , we purchased a third one for a gift . Now that we are expecting our second child , 2 additional Mighty-Tites are at the top of the list of must haves - it is worth every penny !
 So here 's what you do ... A -RRB- put the seatbelt through your child 's carseat as per the carseats instructionsB -RRB- attach the Mighty Tite to the seatbelt as per the Mighty Tite instructionsC -RRB- tighten seatbelt through REGULAR means -LRB- w/out Mighty Tite -RRB- as much as possibleD -RRB- pull yellow lever of Mighty Tite 2-3 timesYou use your common sense ... you do n't OVERtighten a seatbelt either . If yourMighty Tite is getting STUCK on the seatbelt , you 've obviously wrapped the seatbeltseveral times around the Mighty Tite & that 's way too much .
 Strange that a supposed car seat safety inspecter -LRB- um someone pays you for that ? -RRB- would say this is unsafe . Simple fact it that this will lock down a carseat more than you can by physical strength alone.Making sure the carseat can not move any forwards to backwards is of utmost importance . My local fire department approved of its use when I went to its saturday inspection process . I asked a friend in the police department and he approved of its use as well.Strange the people that deal with the errors of installing a carseat properly approve of its use . I say buy it , it works fine .
 YOUR CAR SEAT MUST NOT MOVE WHEN INSTALLED , THIS DEVICE LOCKS IT DOWN ROCK HARD IN SECONDS.SIGNED , PARAMEDIC MARK
 I have 3 different cars , a 1992 caravan , a 1993 acura integra and a 1977 pinto cruising wagon restored for shows . All these seats are different and I have had difficulty getting the car seats for my two girls 3 and 5 since my first was born . I found this product and bought two . A little expensive was my first thought but once I took it out and put it in I was amazed at how much they tightened my seats . I 'm finally comfortable with my kids car seats . The money was well worth it . It was a little harder to install on the seat close to the window but I love them none the less . I would recommend this for everyone . I do not have the tether system in my vehicles either so this is great .
 I have this product for both my kids carseats . I first have my husband -LRB- a power lifter -RRB- latch the seats in . I then install the mighty-tite as extra insurance . I was in a mild fender bender with mine - the seat did n't move . I think it would be a mistake to improperly install your seat and then expect this product to compensate for that . However , I think it works well as a backup for those who need extra peace of mind on a properly installed car seat .
 My car is a 97 ' model and the back seatbelts do n't lock when you pull them out all the way . I was tired of turning a sharp corneror making a turn and seeing my 2 year olds car seat tilt to one side or another . So , i thought i would take a chance and buy it and am so glad i did . It is so easy to install and to remove . It keeps the seat nice and tight and no longer worry about our daughter tilting . I would recommend this to every parent with a older and even a newer model car .
 The truth-you think your car seat is in secure enough until you use this - then those seats become like stone in the car . I do n't know how they compare to the LATCH system , but for people with cars without LATCH-a must have . I 'm actually buying a second one for my 2nd child to come . And people who say they 're unsafe must not be using them properly , because there 's no way they could be unsafe if installed correctly .
 I bought this product and loved it . It helps to hold the carseat in place in the seat of your car . The carseat will NOT move . It ia amazing how good this product tightens the seatbelt . There is no slack to the seatbelt once the Mighty Tight is on . I highly reccomend this product well worh the $ $ !!!
 I purchased this as I was continually fussing with our infant car seat . We have a '98 Camry that does n't have the latch system . In trying to properly install my Graco Comfortsport seat I was having no end of problems . Typically , if someone inadvertently undid the seat belt or we had to use the seat in a different car , I would have to spend upwards of 20mins to properly fit the seat -LRB- rear facing -RRB- . With this little device I no longer have to sit on the infant seat to get an inferior tightness on the belt . Its great ! and simple . Now it only takes me about 2-5mins to install the seat . This is a very handy product . It also gets the belt tighter than I could ever do myself -LRB- although you are not meant to over tighten it -RRB- .
 Just from reading the reviews , I have noticed a few things . First , all the poor ratings were basically from carseat techs . Why ? Probably because this product essentially negates the constant use of them , reducing the overall need and possibly costing jobs . Hey , who knows . A carseat that constantly loosens must be taken continually to carseat technicians and re-installed . Despite what has been posted here , this ` aftermarket ' device has been tested . http://www.mightytite.com/Pages/mightytite.html . However , the CPS website also discusses the Mighty Tite and why they do n't recommend it . I suggest you research both sides before you decide to use it.Hey , lets face it . According to the National Highway Transportation Safety Administration NHTSA , approx 63 % of carseats are n't secured tight enough with seat belts . As one carseat technician pointed out , they are trained for 4 days . Given that there are over 70 different models of carseats and hundreds of different automobiles , all with different angles to their seats , I find it hard to believe that 4 days of training is enough to give any technician the extreme knowledge of proper car seat installation . Only experience will do this . Do n't get me wrong . I believe that CPS techs are essential , given that many parents constantly install their carseats incorrectly.Point is , something that will allow the carseat to be tightened enough not to have excessive motion is a bonus in my book . Try not to go rachet crazy and overtighten and you have a product that helps prevent movement ... and NO , I do n't work for Mighty Tite , * smile * , although it sounds like I 'm the spokesmodel . I 'm just a concerned mom trying to keep her child safe in his carseat .
 What a GREAT product !! Anyone who suffers from carpal tunnel syndrome knows how difficult it can be to grab something really tight never mind trying to pull those annoying seatbelts tight . I just recently found this product and we purchased one to try and we loved it so much we went right out to get another for out other child . We have two kids in car seats and have always dreaded moving the seats from car to car but now it such a breeze and what a difference on my hands !! I wish I had this two years ago with my first son . I will definitely get this for a gift for anyone I know who is expecting and I 'm sure they will just look at it and thinks it 's a weird gift until they use it and I have no doubt that they will love it as much as I do !! It 's so simple to use and I feel much safer driving with my children .
 I would recommend this to every parent that owns a car seat and does not have the vehicle with the clamps in the newer cars . This is the best invention ever made . This Mighty Tite gets my childrens car seats so tight they dont move . I am so glad someone came up with this product . Good for you . And THANK YOU .
 This is an essential gadget if you do n't have the latch system -LRB- and maybe even if you do -RRB- . When I first had my daughter two years ago , my husband and I struggled to get the car seat tight , but no matter how tight we were able to pull the belt , the seat still moved too much . I bought the Mighty Tite based on a friends recommendation , installed it myself in minutes and the seat DOES NOT MOVE ! I have never had any trouble removing it or reinstalling it so I do n't dread having to remove and reinstall the car seat on occasion.I bought the device for everyone who shuttles my daughter back and forth with their own car seat -LRB- my husband , mother and mother-in-law -RRB- .
 We were having a problem with the middle seat belt . It would not stay tight . This product saved us a lot of hassle . We recommend it to EVERYONE . We have 4 of them - 2 in each car for both car seats !!!!!!!! And they are VERY VERY easy to use !!!! My husband is Car Seat Certified and he could not even get the car seats as tight as this Mighty-Tite can ...
 If you sort these reviews by the star rating you will find that many of the low ratings were given by `` car seat technicians '' or people acting on their advice.The goal of any seat is to be as firmly connected to the car as possible . This is why aircraft and racecar seats are bolted directly to the frame with wide -LRB- unstretchable -RRB- belts to hold the passenger firmly in place.It is true that this product can put more tension into the seat belt than a person could by hand . I think that if it is used with moderate , resonable force , there would not be any damage to the car or car seat . It only needs to be as tight as is required to meet the `` one inch of motion '' requirement that appears in most car seat manuals.I believe that this is a great product and will continue to use it .
 This product is hands down one of the best things to aid in securing your childs car seat to the automobiles seat . I believe that some of these fear mongerers are not mechanically inclined whatsoever or have seat belts that are not built for car seats . Both my cars -LRB- VW Passat and VW Jetta -RRB- work wonderfully with the Mighty Tite , I believe most late model German and Japanese cars have the types of seat belts . The Mighty Tite only serves to cinch the seat belt tighter than you can do by hand , not to serve as a roll for a yard of excess belt . My son 's car seat is a Sit 'n' Stroll which demands the seat belt be released and fastend everytime the seat leaves the car . This may sound bad but since the VW seat belt can rachet back all the slack the Mighty Tite only needs about 2 cranks . The physics of the matter negate these peoples fears . If you have slack in the seatbelt that slack will allow momentum to be induced in a crash providing acceleration of the carseat until the slack is taken up . The acceleration of that weight for a given period of time and distance will increase the likelyhood of mechanical damage to the carseat and injury to the child . However if the carseat is tightly cinched to the vehicle seat to allow zero foward acceleration due to rapid decelleration of vehicle inpact the violent snapping force is eliminated as constant linear tension was present.I do n't know what some of these people problems are but for my particular situation the car , carseat , and Mighty Tite combination work wonderfully!Ron
 this product is great , it makes it so much easier to install your carseat , no more worrying if its tight enough .
 We purchased a Mity-Tite for our older daughter 's car seat after hearing a story that a friend of a friend was in an accident with their child in the car seat and the seat did n't budge due to the Mighty-Tite , no one was hurt . It did convince us to purchase one.We often moved the car seat between our car and the babysitters car or took it on the road with us while we were traveling . It made it easy to install the car seat in other cars besides our own . With the Mighty-Tite our car seat was in there as tight as could be . However , we did have to replace our first one because after a year of constant use , I noticed it slipping a bit when I was installing it.When our second daughter was born , we went out and bought a Mighty-Tite for her car seat as well . We always get the car seat in there as tight as we can without it , but it adds an extra layer of security . My kids are worth it . I think it 's a product worth getting .
 I ordered one to see if it would work or not . It works in our 4 runner but not enuf rm in our ford ranger . We install our car seats correctly but the problem is my husband and I are n't heavy enuf , even with all of our weight in the car seat , to get our seats tight enuf -- the officer even watched us . And it is even worst if there is only one of us to install the car seat ! It sure is a great help to us !
 This works like a charm for securing a car seat tightly and keeping it that way .
 You simply CAN NOT get your seatbelts as tight as they need to be in a crash without this product , PERIOD . This is the wisest -LRB- money -RRB- you will ever spend ... it saves time , effort and reduces some of the worry we all feel when we take our precious ones out into the world in a vehicle . I struggled and worked and would sweat blood trying to tighten the seatbelts tight enough so the carseat did not move more than that magical `` recommended '' one inch to either side ... now , I simply put the seat in , place the mighty tite on the belt and ratchet -LRB- with one hand mind you !! -RRB- it to the point that it wo n't move in a hurricane !!! ... UPDATE
 My family was recently in a violent car accident with our then 23 month old son asleep in his car seat with a Mighty-Tite device . Our vehicle was hit from behind and landed on its roof . We were hit so hard that the back seat was pushed up against the front . My baby was suspended upside down with his seat SECURELY in the same spot I had put it . The car we had did not have the latch system and this was the perfect solution for us to make sure his seat was as tight as possible . I believe that this product was a main contributer in saving my son 's life .
 I went to the store to get another clip for my van . I have two captains chairs in which the carseats sit in with over the shoulder belts . And like most of you know those car seat clips are hard to use . I saw this and purchased one because they are a bit pricy and I wanted to try it out before I went and bought another one . It is easy to install and you get a nice tight grip on the seats . Just recently I left my son at the grandparents for the weekend and when I got back my mother in law wanted to know where I got the clip cause my father in law wants one for his car . So I now plan on purchasing this for my son 's car seat and for my Sister in Laws new baby and my husband 's cousin . I love this item and highly recommend it .
 This is a great item you can not do without ! When I was pregnant a friend of ours who is a fireman , told us we must get this . He used it for his two kids & said he would n't do without it . We had no problems installing it in our Isuzu Rodeo or Honda Civic . I would n't install a baby seat without this .
 It gets a car seat in ANY car SO AMAZINGLY TIGHT !!!! My friends introduced me to it , and since then , I 've given them as gifts and passed the word ... and EVERYONE says teh same thing ... ITS AMAZING !!!!!!! Even for friends who were having issues getting their car seat to properly fit in their car !!!!! YAY !!!!
 This is a great product , I use it for all 3 of my kids . This is the only way we have found to secure the car seats into the car . My wife was in an accident and our SUV tipped onto its side . I didnt have the mighty tite on the car seats at the time but the seats were installed correctly . My daughters car seat was still loose enough that it slipped sideways and she hit her head on the window . If you think you car seat is tight enough then install it correctly then grab onto it and jerk it back and forth with all your might . A 35 mile per hour collision would move the car seat a lot farther than you can push or pull on it . If your car seat moves maybe you should think what it would be like for your child sitting in that seat during a roll over or impact . Just beacuse a car seat sits nicely in the car doesnt mean it will remain secure during an accident . So give your car seat the tug test and see what happens . Then get a mighty tite , jerk the seat belt to lock it then crank it down with the mighty tite . -LRB- Dont forget to put something under your car seat as it will be so tight it could leave marks on your seats - I use a rubber car seat matt from kids-r-us -RRB- After you put the mighty tite on try the tug test again , you cant move the seat . It might be a little bulky and take a few extra minutes to install but I would say thats a sad excuse if something were to happen to your kids .
 I bought this product because I was so afraid of the seat belt not being tight enough for the infant seat base . I have used this product since my son was just a few months old . I loved it . I never worried about the seat belt again . I was in a car accident with my child when he was almost 3 years old . I was still using this product with his forward facing car seat . My car was totalled -LRB- I drove a Saturn -RRB- ... the only part of the car without damage was the roof & the drivers side ... my son 's car seat was on the rear passenger side , so he recieved more of the impact than I did being the driver . I honestly believe that this product saved him from worse injuries than he recieved . He came out of the wreck with only scratches on the top of his head . Even though the Mighty-Tite makes the seat belt tight so that the car seat itself wo n't slide around , his car seat still fell over & that is what shielded his body & face from the glass . I do n't know how it worked out that way , but if his car seat had n't fallen to its side , I think that he may have been hurt more . The Mighty-Tite still worked fine after the wreck , & the seat belt never broke like some of the other reviews say . My son is now in a booster seat & we do n't use the Mighty-Tite anymore , but I am pregnant with my 2nd child , I am definately going to use this product again with this baby .
 This product has made life so much easier ! I can now approach moving the carseat to a different car with confidence and know it will only take 5 minutes-OR , even better , my husband can now install carseats ! With the Mighty-Tite , you can not move the carseat AT ALL , it is in there so tight it is amazing ! Great for older cars without LATCH !
 This device has lowered my stress level tremendously !! Being a first time mother and paranoid as can be , the car seat is my biggest concern . With my husband and I working unpredictable hours and using family members to watch the baby , the car seat is constantly switched around in different cars all day 4 or 5 days a week . If you can install your car seat professionally and keep it there that 's the best way to go . But when you have to rely on other people switching it around daily you can be sure the seat is tight enough when you use this device !! Itworks for every car seat in almost every car !! It helps me know that my child is safe no matter which car he is in for that day !!
 I bought this product on the recommendation of a friend . It turned out to be one of the best investments ever ! I had the base of my son 's infant seat professionally installed 3 TIMES by Safe Kids Coalition and after about a month after each installation , the base had turned sideways and loosened out of the `` tight position '' they had installed it in . When I took it back each time and showed them what it was doing , they all blamed it on the installer before them . Once I bought the Mighty-tite , my problem was solved . It has n't moved since and I feel great knowing my son 's seat is in tight . When I check it to see if it moves more than an inch , it 's so tightly installed that the whole car shakes ! I highly recommend this to all parents . I even bought an extra one for times when we travel and have to install his base in another car !
 We recently bought this product after struggling with the `` locking clip '' installation . Every time we moved the car seat from one vehicle to another it would take 20-30 minutes to get it installed so it was safe to drive , now we do it in five minutes or less.This is a must have product for any parent and I will definetly be buying this for baby # 2 due to arrive in Feb. .
 We have an older car with only a lap belt -LRB- no anchors -RRB- to fasten the car seat . Without the Mighty Tite , there is no way to tighten the belt to prevent our 18 month old and her car seat from sliding sideways in a sudden stop . With the Mighty Tite , the car seat is really tight against the car 's back seat , and she does not move . Case closed as far as I am concerned .
 This product is a must have . I have two kids that I have used it for and ca n't believe the frustration I was going through before !! I would literally be sitting on a car seat to get it in tight . You do n't need muscles with the mighty tite . It is very easy to install a car seat with one . The seat barely moves when putting some muscle into a push . I feel much safer knowing my kids seats are n't moving from where I put it!The only down side is that depending on how tight you have cranked it in , it sometimes is hard to snap out . It is kind of a push and pull method that sometimes gets stuck even after releasing the seat belt . And be sure it is facing the right direction to be easily released too .
 I have to agree with many of the other reviewers ... the sole fact that a product is `` after market '' or `` not recommended by manufacturer '' certainly does not diminish its worth in my mind ! Certainly this product could be installed too tightly , but if you 're going to ask your `` certified car seat installation expert '' about the one thing that typically is wrong with the way nearly all car seats are installed , they 'll tell you that most ARE NOT INSTALLED TIGHT ENOUGH ! Our minivan has leather seats and predates LATCH systems , but our carseats are new Britax that are very heavy ... it is not possible for us to get them installed without them sliding several inches , at the base , side to side , unless we use Mighty Tite . It can be bulky , and we rented a minivan this summer that made its use impossible ; as with your car seat , check out use with this product -LRB- should you choose to use it -RRB- along with your car seat before accepting a rental vehicle or making a new vehicle purchase.All this brouhaha over the certification of MightyTite reminds me of the FAA not `` approving '' the Baby B'air in-flight safety vest for lap children on airplanes ... it 's been approved for use for years in Europe , but in the USA they 'll tell me I can not have my child in this vest during takeoff and landing - does this make my child safer being held by my arms ? I think not . Use your noggin - if you need a way to secure your car seat so that it does not move around too much , this might be a good fit for you .
 Mighty-Tite is intended to be used with child safety seats or an infant carrier . It should never be used on a seat belt if the belt is the only form of restraint.Because Mighty-Tite is the first and only seat belt tightener , there are no regulating National Highway Transportation Safety Administration -LRB- NHTSA -RRB- or Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standard -LRB- FMVSS -RRB- requirements . However , after seeking advise and consultation , it was concluded that the same federally mandated crash tests required for child safety seats -LRB- FMVSS 213 -RRB- would also be the most appropriate crash testing procedures to which Mighty-Tite should be tested . At an internationally recognized facility , Mighty-Tite has been successfully crash tested in accordance with FMVSS 213 crash testing procedures for a 60 lb child . In addition , Mighty-Tite has undergone laboratory testing , the results of which indicate that Mighty-Tite is engineered and built with strength far exceeding that which is needed for successful crash testing to FMVSS 213 procedures for a 60 lb child.In addition , Mighty-Tite 's manufacturing facility is ISO9002 certified and as such follows strict quality control measures for inspection of raw materials , individual components and finished products , insuring that Mighty-Tite is consistently manufactured to the highest standards.Mighty-Tite has been engineered for strength . All the structural and load-bearing components -LRB- the frame , gears , main shaft , locking pawls and even the handle -RRB- are made with heavy gauge steel . Mighty-Tite is covered by a very durable , non-toxic ABS plastic housing . In addition , corners and edges have been rounded and pinch points have been covered for greater protection ...
 This item is approved by the safety commission ! I took this to my local car-seat safety clinic and the instructor was impressed by it 's strength and ease of operation ! YOU MUST BY THIS IF YOU WANT YOUR CAR SEAT TO WORK ! -LRB- ... -RRB- a small price to pay for your childs safety ! The local fire-chief bought 10 just to have at the fire station to show parents ! This product makes any seat easy to tighten and wo n't break ! It WILL hold your safety seat tight during a crash . Invest in this product ! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !
 I had seen Mighty-tite in our local Babies R Us store and ended up getting one for each family member who would be driving my son around . I had always felt so secure with it , because it left no room for his carseat to move . We , recently , made a move four hours from family . One morning , early this past October , while driving home on the freeway , we were in a horrible accident . With just the two of us in our car , we rolled four times , from the South bound lanes of our interstate freeway , across the median , coming to a rest in the fast North bound lane . Lucky for us and others , there were no cars around us at the time . I will heal . My injuries were a lot worse than my son 's . I believe , as do our rescue workers , that the position of my son 's carseat -LRB- rear center -RRB- and having Mighty-tite , taking up the slack of the seat belts , securing my son 's seat so tightly in place - the only injuries my son sustained were the bruises left by his carseat restraints . I can not give the creator of Mighty-tite enough credit or praise . If not for this device , my heart would have an unimaginable ache in it today . Thank You . This accident showed me that as safe as we may feel on the road , we really do n't know what 's in store for us . Now , we 're looking for a Volvo and I 'll be buying Might-Tites for each friend and family member expecting a sweet little baby .
 We had this device for our three year old 's car seat and loved it . We had to have one for our newest addition to the family . It offers an extra sense of security knowing that our children are just that much safer . We were always told that a car seat should not move more than an inch in any direction when installed . No matter how hard I worked to get the car seatbelt tight it always had a little wiggle room . With the migty tite it ca n't be shifted at all . Because every car is different and seatbelts are different I know that my children can ride in either mine , my husbands , or my parents cars and be secured properly . It is easy to install , use , and take off the seatbelt . I highly reccomend this product ! It is an inexpensive tool that offers a priceless feeling of security .
 This product makes it so much easier for me to get the car seat base tight enough in the center back seat . I could never get the lap belt tight enough on my own before . My husband would always have to help so it would n't be moving from side to side . And that was problematic because we 'd take the base out fairly often because we 'd need to fold the seats down to move things with the car . But now with the Mighty Tite I can get the lap belt tight enough on my own . I really like this product .
 This product is a must have !! For anyone who has trouble getting a car seat installed -LRB- so that it does n't move more than an inch either way -RRB- this is a life saver . When I use the Mighty Tite , my children 's car seats do not move AT ALL . I will never go anywhere without it again . The only complaint I have is it can be a little difficult to remove . However , I have found that if you unlatch the seat belt first , it is easier to remove the device .
 After losing a number of those metal clips that normally come with car seats , I decided to buy the mighty-tite . When I first put it in my car , it was a hallelujah moment !!! Why did n't I buy this sooner ??? It is SOOOO simple to use -- a million times easier than those metal clips -- and it 's too big for grandparents to lose or forget about when switching car seat between cars . Also , the instructions are attached to the mighty-tite !!! It really could n't be more simple !
 My husband and I found the Mighty Tite thanks to a -LSB- local retailer -RSB- employee . I have recommended this product to ALL of my family and friends and now I am hoping you will try it , too . I was in shock to find this great product and I even thought , `` It ca n't be that great or we would have heard of it . '' We only bought one after the -LSB- local retailer -RSB- employee recommended it but after putting it in my car we bought our second one for my husband 's truck the following day . We believe that this is truly the best safety product on the market today ! If you think your child 's safety is important then the Mighty Tite is a MUST !!!
 I NOTICED A LOT OF PEOPLE MENTIONED THAT THE MIGHTY TITE DAMAGED THEIR SEATBELTS . I READ ALL THE REVIEWS BEFORE I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT SO I WAS AWARE OF THAT PROBLEM HAPPENING TO SOME PEOPLE BEFORE I BOUGHT IT . I HAVE A BIT OF ADVISE THAT MAY FIX THAT PROBLEM . I HAVE TWO CHILDREN , THEREFORE , I PURCHASED TWO MIGHTY TITES . THE ONLY PART OF THE DEVICE THAT CAN DAMAGE THE SEATBELT IS THE METAL CLIP THAT YOU FEED THE BELT THROUGH . I TOOK A PIECE OF FABRIC -LRB- IN MY CASE , I USED A THIN FLANNEL RECEIVING BLANKET AND CUT A STRIP OUT OF IT THAT WAS WIDE ENOUGH TO WRAP AROUND THE SEATBELT -RRB- AND WRAPPED IT AROUND THE PART OF THE SEATBELT THAT GOES THROUGH THE METAL CLIP . I HAVE BEEN USING THE MIGHTY TITES FOR ABOUT 8 MONTHS NOW , AND THERE HAS BEEN NO DAMAGE TO MY SEATBELTS . I DO CHECK THEM PERIODICALLY TO MAKE SURE OF THIS . SO IF YOU WANT OR HAVE A MIGHTY TITE , AND THIS IS THE ONLY THING TURNING YOU OFF TO IT , THIS MIGHT BE A GOOD SOLUTION FOR YOU .
 We came across this product while shopping for a new carseat for my son . What a GREAT invention . The problem that we had encountered is that our CRV has a center seat belt that 's not recommended for car seats . It wo n't tighten enough to hold the seat from moving around so we were forced to pick a side and put the seat there . I was not happy with this idea because , in an accident , I wanted him in the middle . This product has allowed us to put him in the center . Now , the belt is so tight around the seat that it hardly moves at all and we 're all happier !! Thanks to my husband for finding it and thanks to the person who invented it !!!
 there 's nothing worse than being a new parent & trying to get the car seat installed correctly . a friend of mine showed me the gadget & i decided to buy one along with a new car seat when my son grew out of his old one . this definitely made the entire installation experience a breeze ! this worked well for me , especially since i have a 97 vw golf & a convertible car seat .
 OK , I 'm a weaker woman and have always had trouble getting the carseat in really tight . This product works wonderfully ! Even my husband loves it . It 's easy to use !
 My wife and I have been using the Mighty-Tite for over 2 years now . It makes the annoying job of fastening your child 's seat simple . We actually have 4 of these -LRB- 2 for each car -RRB- . They also make a great shower gift !
 After reviewing the other reviews and using mighty-tite for a few months - I 'd say the following :1 . ` Warnings ' of technicians should always be listened to reviewed ... I reviewed their testing and results . I was unable to find any evidence of its failure - or even a negative review of someone who used and/or tested it . I would , of course , love for many agencies to conduct their own exhaustive reviews .2 . Personal use - it 's worked very well and secured my child 's car seat much better than the car 's existing system . You ca n't move it an inch .3 . As with all good things - it can be overdone . Be aware that putting all your effort into over-tightening can compromise your car 's CRS . Use it within reason . ; -RRB- My conclusion is that it 's safer to use than not . -LRB- I went on-line to buy one for someone - and here I am in the reviews !! -RRB-
 I transport 3 children in carseats in my vehicle . I have 3 Mighty Tights . The two side passenger seat belts only lock when breaking quickly . The Mighty Tight is the product that I have found works when installed properly . It 's quick , easy and secures the carseat very tightly . The metal clips that come with the car seat are difficult to use and do n't secure the carseat near as tightly as a Mighty Tight .
 I have two of the Mighty Tites , one for each of our vehicles . I like the tighteners because I could never get the seat tight enough , even after putting all my weight in the seat , it would always wiggle . With the Mighty Tite it takes an extra minute to install and my carseat is tight , no wiggle at all . I do have trouble every now and then trying to get it off the belt when we move my daughters seat .
 This is the greates invention for babies I have found . We have three of them , one for each car , and one for Grandma and Grandpa 's house . It makes traveling so much easier , I do n't worry about taking a taxi or shuttle at all . I just worry that I am using something so simple to protect my son 's life , I pray that it is as effective in a crash , as the company portrays it to be .
 I thought this item was clearly a marketing gimick , but after I used it on my car seat I ran out and bought one for my husband 's car seat , mother in law 's car seat and told everyone I knew who needed to use a car seat for their child about it . It is very easy to install and it really does make the car seat `` Mighty Tight '' . I would not install a car seat without it .
 I bought the mighty-tite after reading the other consumer reviews , and let me tell you , THEY WERE RIGHT !!! I recently bought a -LRB- used -RRB- '99 Range Rover , and without this I would NOT have been able to install the carseat correctly . This keeps the seat LOCKED DOWN so that it DOES NOT slip at all . I 've bought them for everyone that I know with a baby on the way too ...
 I feel so much more secure with my baby 's car seat fastened with the Mighty Tite . I am confident that it holds the seat down tighter and that the seat wo n't move around . It also makes it easier to take the SnugRide baby carrier out of the car seat base since it holds be base down tighter to the car .
 We have two cars plus Nana 's car , and the car seat has never been more pleasurable to transfer ! It 's easy to take out and even easier to install . The very elementary directions are connected to the might tite , so someone who has never used it before can install and uninstall it just and easily . It 's plastic is durable and when we try to shake the car seat , the whole car actually moves ! To wrap it all up - the car seat can not budge with little effort to install . No more trips to the fire station to make sure the seat is installed properly . GREAT product - every child should have one !
 I bought this for my son 's carseat & I can honestly say this is the best product you can buy for your baby !! I feel more comfortable knowing my baby is more safe with this mighty-tight . I 'm planning to buy this to every baby shower I get invited to !! Its so easy to put on & off if you have to switch the seat from car to car . You do n't even have to `` sit '' on the carseat to put this on like you do with the teether.Its the best investment I 've ever made ! I recommend it to every parent who reads this ! : -RRB-
 My brother-in-law was shocked when he learned that we did n't have a mighty tight for each of his nephews . He bee-lined to Toys R Us and purchased what I thought to be two pieces of over priced plastic . How wrong was I ? I ca n't get over how firm the car-seats sit with the use of the mighty tight . It may stress the attractive quality of the seat belt but after being rear-ended twice with my mighty tights in place , you wo n't hear me complaining . This is my small gift at every baby shower and the most raved about . Also , Dad 's LOVE it because it makes installing the car seat a snap and what man does n't love to install something quickly and feel thoroughly impressed with himself ? A + + + + + all the way !
 I called the local police department where I had my infant seat base installed and asked about the `` deterioration of seat belt effectiveness '' and what was his reply ? `` Yes , it COULD compromise the integrity of the seat belt after MAYBE 7 or more years , but in my view if you can not have your seat installed properly by a professional , this is the next best thing . `` My inlaws do n't have a ton of room in their car -LRB- they have a 2-door -RRB- , so when they mind my son , they use our car seat . I have complete confidence that his seat is stable and he is safe.The car seat manufacturer 's instructions say movement of up to 2 INCHES either way is ok ... I do NOT like that idea . I can manually get his seat in my car , after about 20 minutes of pulling , get it to about 1/2 '' movement - but now with this his seat moves MAYBE 1/8 of an inch !! So poo-poo on the `` no after market seat belt add-ons '' notion ... if you ca n't get your seat installed professionally get the Mighty-Tite !!
 Excellent , and easy to use !!! I would highly recommend this to any parent wanting a tighter fit for their childs car seat . We were considering selling our Blazer and getting a different vehicle , because no car seat -LRB- after trying all on the market -RRB- would fit the back seat of our vehicle.One of my collegues at work told me about the Mighty Tite Seat Belt Ratchet , and this ... wonder has just saved us thousands of dollars in selling and re-purchasing a different automobile .
 Bought this when I had my first grandchild . Now I have three car seats ... all are hooked up with a Mighty Tike '' Easy to hook up and makes the seat tight and secure . Love it .
 I absolutely LOVE this product ! I do n't know how people do not like it . It is easy to remove once you get the hang of it and it makes the car seats so much more safe ! We have an older vehicle -LRB- 2002 Ford Explorer -RRB- and it does not have the latch attachments . We have a 4 month old and a 2 year old and I feel so much better knowing their seats are fastened well . It is so hard to try and tighten the carseats in with just the seatbelt . I find that the seat is lopsided , loose , no matter how hard we try , but with this it 's amazing ! I seriously do n't know how people review it badly . I have a Graco Snugride and a Britax Frontier carseat and it 's works just fine ! No more tugging and pulling and climbing into the seat to try and get it snug . I love it !
 This product makes it so easy to buckle the car seat in ! Very easy to use also ! Highly recommend it to others .
 This product is a great way to make sure that your child 's car seat is installed properly . As many parents know , trying to kneel inside a car seat while pulling on the belt at the same time is not only inconvenient , but also can hurt ! Also , we are a two car family with a grandmother that helps out truck the little one around from place to place , and we all share the same car seat . With this product we are able to switch the car seat from car to car and always make sure that the seat is installed very tightly . I highly recommend this product .
 We have 3 kids in carseats , and a smaller car . This item took away the need to buy a bigger car , and saved us over $ 10,000 ! We were able to safely put our son 's carseat in the middle seat and tighten it enough so that it was n't movable . Before that we could n't get that adjustable lap belt to stay tight enough even with those little metal clips that come with the carseats . This was an absolute lifesaver !!! And sooooo super easy to use . We were able to take the carseats in and out without any struggle . I definately reccomend this product before you go out and buy a new car ! LOL !
 Ok , this is the best thing if you really want to get your car seat in right and tight . Nothing works like it . But buyer beware -- install this thing wrong and you are in for hours of misery . You can ratchet your seat belt in something fierce and you 'll end up feeling like a wolve in a bear trap trying to knaw the mighty tite off the seat belt -- and if you ca n't unwind it there is no way to unscrew the thing -- its got triangle screws . I 've called the manufacturer on two seperate occasions and never did get a response . So my advise -- get it but use caution when installing .
 I bought this recently to replace one that was involved in a car accident . I had the original for a couple years.I was never been able to get my daughter 's seat belt tight enough by hand , and this product gets it really tight . The only issue I have with it is the fact that it is VERY hard to get off . As in , I have to get my husband to take it off for me because I am not strong enough . Granted , we have only had to take it off a few times so it is n't really a big deal . It did n't deter me in the slightest from buying another one .
 I bought this product on a whim from Walmart about two years ago . I fell in love with it and recently bought another on Amazon because it made it so much easier to install my daughter 's forward-facing car seat.I 've read that people have had issues getting these off of the seat belts . I have managed to avoid that -LRB- running into a close call when I first started using it -RRB- by positioning it at the right distance on the seatbelt so that when you tighten it the seat wo n't get in the way of the release button on its side . I also read that this has destroyed seatbelts . I have switched around the car seat frequently -LRB- 1-2 times per week -RRB- and upon inspection , have n't noticed a weakening point on the seat belts in either vehicles .
 I have two of these and have been very happy . I ca n't recommend it more . It is my # 1 recommendation to a new parent . I think if used properly and you do not excessively tighten the belt the should work great . You need to practice putting it in . This includes making sure you have plenty of room to operate it as well as that you do n't bind up the cord as you tight up the device . I also would n't accidently install it in such a way that you are tightening against a locked shoulder belt . Remember , it is to tighten up the lap portion and not the sholder part.I have also looked over a number of the negative reviews . One interesting thing about the negative reviews is that they seem to be cookie cutter -LRB- i.e. campaign to trash the product as specific key words `` CPST '' , `` Fireman '' , `` Policeman '' , `` Untested '' show up on those review -RRB- , do n't provide any emperical evidence that there is something wrong with the product or feed upon each other -LRB- i.e. Someone submits a negative review solely based upon reading someone elses negative review -RRB- . Please review ALL of the facts and make your own informed decision .
 I wish I had gotten this item before my baby arrived . It secures her car seat so tight and securely because of the ratchett system . I had my car seat professionally at the dealer and checked by car seat speciallist and the MIGHTY-TITE still got the seat installed more securely ! I wo n't let her ride without one holding her seat securely !!!! I love these so much I have bought 6 for friends and family , must keep ALL our BABIES safe .
 Mighty-Tite has been thoroughly crash tested at a NHTSA certified testing lab . In addition , Mighty-Tite has been used by 10 's of thousands of parents around the world . Mighty-Tite works and it will help you get your car seat tightly secured in less than 10 seconds .
 We use the Mighty Religously.And we were in a rear ending -- unknown impact force as I was driving 45mph and was purposefully rear ended by a very agressive hit and run drive . I had to replace the rear door on my mini-van . The dent was rather impressive seeing as I was driving 45mph at the time.Mighty Tight had no problems.We did replace them and the car seats s suggested . We do relocate seats often enough that it has n't allowed the opportunity for the belt to relax over time.It is a wonderful product .
 This is by far one of the simpliest , safest products we have bought for the kid lately . So good in fact , Daddy has been surfing the internet all day for a second one . It seems like Amazon.com has the best price so far.There is another reviewer that took it to her local police station to have this product checked out . The local seat check rep said it was n't tested or safe ... NOT TRUE.A quick check for the manufacturer at
 When I bought my brother a carseat for my niece 2 years ago , we wrestled with it for about a half hour trying to install it so that it did n't move more than an inch in any direction . Even following all of the directions carefully , putting my husband 's full weight in the seat , and using the locking clip , we could n't achieve this goal ! If I wiggled it hard enough , it moved way more than an inch . No wonder they say 40 % of all carseats are installed incorrectly!We bought the Mighty-Tite for our carseat for our baby who will be arriving soon . I installed the carseat with the Mighty-Tite in minutes and was able to install it so that no matter how hard I try to move it , the seat will not move anywhere near an inch , and I did n't have to wrestle with it or anything ... I am 8 months pregnant and installed it by myself ! I am extremely satisfied with this product !
 We originally bought the MightyTite to help us tighten the car seat as much as possible . In comparing our car seat to that of friends , we often noticed how loose their 's seemed - even those installed by certified police or fire stations ! However , last weekend we were broadsided and our SUV flipped , but because of my daughter 's MightyTite -LRB- and a 5-pt . harness on her infant seat -RRB- my daughter 's car seat NEVER BUDGED ! Our car is completely totalled , and she did n't have a scratch on her . This is well worth the -LSB- money -RSB- !!!
 I work at an infant care center and do a lot of babysitting that includes transportation and I own 3 of these ratchets . I ca n't begin to emphasize the greatness of the Mighty-Tite ratchet . I was taking one of our kids home from school to my house to babysit for `` Date Night '' one Friday night ; I had a Graco base and the child had an Evenflo carrier so we had to switch out the bases . I had told this parent about this wonderful product , but had never gotten a chance to show it to her . I showed her how it worked and how the base would not budge and she was in disbelief at how well it worked . This ratchet gets the seat so tight that I shook the base to show her how tight it was and the base did not budge but my whole car shook . Her husband is a Police Officer and he was impressed ! They went out and got one Saturday morning ! I do n't have kids of my own yet , but I recommend this to everyone I know that does . The peace of mind you have knowing the children traveling with you are secure is so worth the cost . I recommend this product to all of the parents at our facility !! A whole hearted Thank You to the manufacturers , and ToysRUs for carrying it ! Do n't go another day without one ... or two !
 I can tell you two things1 -RRB- This thing has been on the market since 2000 , I know because my husband is a firefighter and he installed it on our sons seat way back then2 -RRB- June 2011 we installed another one for our new baby 's seat.That is OVER 10 years on the market and many I am sure have been involved in accidents . If this product was so unsafe believe me someone would have started a class action law suit and had this product pulled . I am also an ER nurse . Having a tight car seat is a must , maybe 5 % can do it to be tight enough to be safe , but test that install 10 days later and it will have made itself quite loose , having to again tighten it . What if you do n't remember 10 days later ? With the Mighty Tite , it 's done , it 's in there so tight it 's not going to budge 10 days later , it 's secure . That even more important when you have these very heavy rear facing Britax convertible car seats that do not tighten down with just the belt and latch.I love the product , I trust it and I have seen it save lives as has my husband . We both have over 15 years each in emergency medicine/paramedic FF .
 bought another one for our other car . works great . easy to install and remove . ca n't find in store so we bought online .
 We used this device in several non-LATCH equipped cars during the years that my daughter was in a rear-facing infant seat and later , a car seat . It was a sanity saver for installing the seat tightly enough . Even sitting on top of my child 's car seat and pushing with all my weight against the roof of my car would not get the car seat tight enough so that there was less than 1 '' of play at the buckle like the instructions say.For those who are concerned that this device could cut the car 's seat belts , I 'll just offer our own experience with it in a crash . We were rear-ended by a texting teenager with enough force to throw our spare tire 40 feet into a cornfield and to buckle up the rear floor of our van a good 12 '' inches . Our vehicle was totalled . The van , and its seat belts , were over 10 years old at the time ; the Mighty-Tite did not cut or shred the belt . In fact , if installed properly , the belt material is rolled around a steel bar . It 's no more likely to shred or cut the seat belt than the car 's own seat-belt storage reel is . I would hazard a guess that those who found belt damage after an accident would have found such damage regardless of the Mighty-Tite . Car seat belts are supposed to be replaced after a serious wreck because of exactly this kind of possible damage.FOR ME -LRB- everyone has , of course , a different level of comfort with these sorts of things -RRB- I feel the use of a device which has been on the market over a decade without removal due to lawsuits is a lesser risk to take than not having a car seat installed tightly enough in an older , non-LATCH equipped vehicle .
 The Mighty Tite is great to use on all kids carseats . We have three children and our oldest is four so all of our children are in some kind of car seat and our Yukon XL does n't have three seats with the LATCH system in them . We were able to put our oldest child in the third row seat and use the Mighty Tite to take the slack out of the seatbelt and it works fantastic . Finally , I feel like he is totally safe in the third seat since we were never able to fully take the lack out of the seatbelt until we used the Mighty Tite . Would definitely recommend this product !
 This was a lifesaver when we owned a Jeep Cherokee that we could n't get the seatbelts tight on to save our lives . However , we now have a Dodge car and it 's not necessary . It was worth the money during the time we had to use it though . FYI ... we used this first with a Primo Viaggio car seat carrier and then a Britax Roundabout car seat and it worked great with both .
 This is a wonderful product . I have always had a VERY difficult time installing the carseat . Now I can install two carseats in minutes . Sometimes it can take a few minutes to attach correctly , but once you have it attached it just takes a few seconds to have a car seat securely in place !!!!! WONDERFUL !
 I purchased this for my 4 month old son 's Graco infant car seat . I have had no problems with it yet . I had a fender bender just recently and the car seat did n't move and my son did n't even wake up from the jar of the accident . It is a little tight to get in , but so far I love it and feel more comfortable with it on the seat belt . We have a 02 ' Intrepid and the middle seat belt is the shoulder belt , no problems installing . I did it myself and did n't bother my husband with helping me . I will buy this again when we have more children .
 I have been using the mighty tite for about 2 years now and I love it . I was concerned when I read a few reviews about that the product has n't been tested , so I did a little research . I checked out the main web-site for mighty tite and they have listed all the testing that has been done on the product , which has put my mind at ease . It is a great product , I could n't imagine having to install my two car seats without them .
 This can be installed in the middle seat with a lap belt unlike one of the reviews will tell you . be sure that you still put your knee in the base while installing and put your weight into it.I would never go with out one of these , my car seats go in so tight that I can grabb the seat and shake the entire car , my car seats are n't going anywhere in an accident they are litteraly part of the car.I highly recomend this product and do n't know why anyone with children would n't buy it . You will be amazed , soon everyone will be comming to you for instalation advise . What 's $ 20.00 in comparison to your childs life ?
 There are some things you might want to take into consideration when deciding whether or not to purchase this product . You may want to try one in your vehicle since there is some truth to the fact that it does n't fit well in all vehicles . Also , it can be slightly troublesome to remove until you are used to removing it . Those are the only negatives that can be applied to this product . Just like anything in life , you must use good judgment and common sense when using it . Familiarize yourself with it before using it . Do n't over-tighten it . Make sure you are comfortable installing and removing it before you make any drastic decisions . This is a well built item with a minimal amount of working components that could fail . I would bet my life on this product if I had to and feel confident that if I were in a crash my children would be safe . This is especially true for vehicles that are not the usual ones you put your car seat into . Every vehicle is different , especially older makes and models . This product has proven itself to my family and in my book , should be considered a mandatory item when purchasing any car seat .
 I 'm shocked that someone gave this only 1 star ... This little `` dodad '' is so easy to install and it really gets the carseat in tight -LRB- wo n't budge an inch -RRB- ! I also like the fact that they 've attached the instructions to the product -LRB- that way I do n't have to dig out the instructions -RRB- . I had my sons carseat put in tightly by a police officer unfortunately , my husband and I switch cars often and I could never get it back in as tight as the officer did . With this product , it goes in tight every time ... . This would make a great baby shower gift !!!
 I have used the mighty tite on all 3 of my kids car seats . I think its a great product , I tell everyone to get one . Then my friend told me she had someone install her car seat and he told her how dangerous they are . I have been in a bad car accident where I had a mighty tite on my sons car seat , and he was fine , his car seat did not move . I also do n't understand how they can damage your seat belt , maybe if you keep taking it off , putting it on and tightening it , but mine is put on and then stays on until I remove the car seat , and my seat belts show no sign of damage or fraying ! If this product is dangerous , why would it not be recalled ?!
 No matter how much I fooled with the little metal thing that came with the carseat , it never seemed tight enough and it was hard to do . With the mighty tight , you just snap it on and crank it tight . The seat is in so tight now that it does n't budge . I love it so much that I give these as baby shower gifts . Highly recommend !!
 My husband was having a few problems getting our carseat tight enough in his truck , it worked fine in my car , but not the truck , this makes the seat so nice and tight in the truck it does not move at all , when we took it to the seat check at babies r us the lady could not believe how tight the seat was .
 The mighty-tite is a simple ratchet device , like you see on a come-along or truck tie down . Very simple to operate , but it takes some getting used to with certain seatbelts . On the old center seatbelts -LRB- no shoulder harness -RRB- they are a breeze . I put both the main belt and the `` extra '' strap that you pull to tighten into the ratchet , and crank that puppy right down . Solid as a house , and putting the `` extra tail '' into it keeps it from loosening.Plus side
 As a paramedic I see car seat inproperly installed all the time . They must not move from side to side more than a 1/2 inch . The mighty tite works great . I have one for my daughters car seat . We have used in since she was born . Every one should have one . The car seat only works if it is properly installed and the baby in strapped in correctly . That means chest harness is at or above the nipple line and you can just get a finger in for tightness . NO COATS under the seat belt . It will let the baby slide out in a wreck . I carry a blanket in the car always . It only takes a second for your baby to be injured . Please take the time .
 THIS IS NOT A TOY ! The Sunshine Kids Mighty Tite Car Seat Belt Tightner takes the slack out of the seat belt used to hold you childs car seat in the car . It 's easy and works great .
 I really believe this makes a huge difference in the safey of my child when she is in the car . I recommend it to anyone worried about their car seat not being tight enough .
 I 've purchased this and was very impressed with its concept and construction -LRB- I 'm an Engineer -RRB- . I have a Subaru Outback and it is really hard to get a car seat in tight . I always read manuals in detail , and followed exactly all guidelines . There was no way I could get my daughter 's seat tighter , it would always budge several inches . Moreover the shape of the seat made it tilt to one side , even with blankets underneath . This product made installation a snap , and the car seat wo n't budge now , it 's great!From the many reviews I 've read , it seems many people install it incorrectly . The manual -LRB- permanently attached to the product , keep it there ! -RRB- says this product should not replace the locking clip , it goes on the other side -LRB- the same side the shoulder belt is at -RRB- , while the locking clip , if necessary , stays on the other side.The second common complaint is damage to the seat belt material . This makes sense , too much stress to the material should be avoided . I 'm glad I 've read this , so I 'll check mine for over-tigthness . All there is to it is , resist the urge to over-tighten ! This should prevent problems . Probably the technicians who seem to not like this product just want to prevent this .
 I have used this product with my daughter for about a year now . I was immediately impressed with how easy it was to install in our Honda civic and Graco Alpha Omega carseat . We have used it with both rear-facing and now front-facing positions.First , we installed the carseat as I normally would have , pushing the seat down as hard as I could to tighten the belt and latch it . The seat would still move side to side up to 4 inches and lift off the seat at least 2 by pulling on it . Then I attached the mighty-tite and gave the recommended 6-10 `` clicks '' on the handle . It made the seat MUCH more secure and it no longer moves at all.There are a lot of reviews that say this product is after-market and therefore dangerous . There is nothing I take more seriously than my daughter 's safety and I have found this product to be VERY solid in construction and see no reason why it would do anything by enhance safety . One should note that it 's possible to overdo it and you should NOT tighten the lever so much that the belt rips . The mighty-tite is powerful enough that you COULD overtighten . So do n't ! One improvement I would have for the mighty-tite is that they could put a `` clutch '' or catch to limit how tight it could get . This would satisfy those people who overtighten and rip their belts.Overall I am very satisfied with the product and recently purchased 2 more for our other vehicle and a second carseat for our newborn son .
 This product is easy to use and stays tight . If you are a fanatic about your child 's seat being tight this is a great product .
 My husband had our car seats `` proffessionally installed '' at our local police station before our son came home from the hospital . We were not thrilled with the result as the base could still be wiggled a bit -LRB- the officer said it was as tight as it could get in our car -RRB- . We bought two of these gadgets on our first outing after the baby . We are amazed at how wonderfully they work . Our car seat can be used with or without the base , so we use it without the base in my husband 's car , which means we have to totally re-install it every time , but this gadget gets it in there snuggly and quickly ! I highly reccommend this product ! Remember , the most expensive car seat in the world ca n't protect your baby if it 's not in there right !
 With this handy device , my baby 's carseat is very secure . And it 's very easy . They say you should have the seatbelt so tight that the seat wo n't budge more than an inch from side to side . With this product my baby 's seat wo n't budge at all ! I would give it 5 stars if the release mechanism that is supposed to be toddler proof were n't also adult proof ! It 's really not a big deal to release it , though . I unbuckle the seat belt and unthread the belt from the tightener .
 My son 's carseat was always loose ! With the mighty tight it wo n't budge an inch ! Simple to use !!! A must have for saftey !!!
 This is the best product I have bought for my daughter . The Mighty-Tite gets rid of the guesswork of installing a carseat securely . I highly recommend the Mighty-Tite to anyone who is using a car seat in their vehicle . It only takes me 1-2 minutes to install my daughter 's carseat , and I have peace of mind knowing that her seat is not going to move around when we are in the car .
 Before my husband and I found out we were expecting , I have used this product numerous times with friend 's and family 's children . Not only is this product easy to use , but it eliminates almost all problems -LRB- dripping , missing the mouth -RRB- that can occur with giving an infant medicine . This is one essential tool that is on the top of our list !
 When it comes to giving medicine this was a wonderful product . Mine came in one of my grooming sets and I used it religiously . For some odd reason my child would not spit out the medicine and I do n't know if it was due to the size of it or what but it worked well for me . Glad to see it is now sold separately .
 I nursed our son for about 7 weeks without this , like many mothers , slouching and what not was killing my already injured back , a friend of mine had one and i tried it ... loved it ! Ordered one for myself and cant do without . Even ordered an addiotional one for my grandparents house that we are going to in the next week in another state ! Highly recommend and I will definantly be using this for our other babies to come!Thanks Medela for once again , making an outstanding product ... also ... If anyone is having problems with there child - reguardless of age -- lactching on or nipple soreness or whatever ... I recommend the medela nipple shield , I used it for latch on problems and immediately my son nurses just fine , its for temporary use but I have been using it non stop sense my son was born . . keeps me from being sore ! You can buy it at Target or anywhere Medela products are sold.I own the pump in style advanced ... get this one , its worth every penny !
 Having had use of a stool like this , while nursing my baby in the NICU . I tried to do with out for 3 weeks and was about crippled , my back was so knotted from contorting myself . I constantly had problems getting myself in position and comfortable so that my little girl could latch on . Once I got the stool , I was much more comfortable and my baby picked up on it and quickly settled down . I also would recommend using a Boppy or My Breast Friend , to help position the baby .
 I wish I 'd had this when I was pregnant . But I have it now and it has come in very handy . I do n't use it all the time but it 's very comfortable when I do . I use it a lot more with our glider when I 'm pumping or just rocking the baby . I would n't buy it until you see if you need it .
 I find this stool to be quite useful , & could see myself using it even after I stop nursing , though I do n't use it quite as much as I thought I would , just because I tend to feed the baby cross-legged on the sofa .
 I have n't nursed for years ! And back than we did n't have nursing stools . I love my stool for everything from cross stitching to crocheting , or just plain relaxing . My husband kept stealing it from me . Guess what he got for Christmas ! He loves his too ! The stools are so light , an portable , so you can stick them out of the way if you have to . A friend is having a baby in May and she asked me to get her one . Do n't give up nursing and use your stool daily .
 This nursing stool was very comfortable . We were able to put a loveseat in the nursery so I wanted something to prop my legs up with . Great buy when you compare it with those rocking ottomans .
 Of course , I had to have a rocking glider for my nursery . However , when we were shopping for one , the rocking ottomans all seemed really awkward . Trying to rock with my feet up and on another rocker did n't make sense to me . Also , we were on a budget , and another couple hundred bucks for a footstool seemed like alot . This stool is the PERFECT alternative . It puts your feet and legs in the perfect position for rocking and nursing . My baby is 6 months old now , I 'm still nursing and use this everyday . What a great value , and dramatic savings over the ottoman . The only thing is , I wanted white , so had to search medela.com , because only natural was offered here at the time . Hopefully that has changed ?
 I so regret not buying this sooner . My back and feet felt SO much better after using this stool . Highly recommend .
 This nursing stool drastically improved the usefulness of my old-fashioned rocking chair as a place to nurse my newborn . Prior to the stool my lap was slanted in a way that made it difficult to position baby and my back was leaned too far back to be useful . The stool converted my lap into a flat horizontal stretch that could support my baby and improved my posture so I did n't end my sessions with a backache . However , I also found it useful while nursing on the couch or other armchairs -LRB- same benefits -RRB- and my husband loves to use it when he is getting baby dressed after a bath as it helps him keep his lap horizontal as well . An added bonus is that it is incredibly easy to put together -LRB- 5-10 minutes tops -RRB- and comes with it 's own allen wrench tool .
 This is a wonderful , wonderful product . It is sturdy and easy to assemble . I use it in tandem with my Boppy and love the results . My two month old and I have had our trials and tribulations with breastfeeding , but this stool has eliminated all of our discomfort . No more back pain and fewer bad latches due to awkward positioning . If you are a breastfeeding mom , you need this stool !
 When I was pregnant with Baby # 1 , my mom wanted to buy me a glider/ottoman combo . I said no , I would n't need it ... She wisely insisted on buying the glider and she threw in this little stool for good measure . How stupid was I ? I ca n't imagine what I 'd done without either one . I am on Baby # 2 now who is quickly becoming a big boy . I have used this stool daily for the past 3 years . I am glad we did n't get the big ottoman , as it would take up too much space , but this little stool is JUST PERFECT . It makes those late night/early morning feedings just a little more comfortable . Its a purchase you will not regret !
 I love this stool ! I found it essential for nursing my first and my second child . It 's also great just to make it more comfortable to rock , hold , or read to children . My 4 year old loves to use it to stand on to see her baby sister in the crib , on the changing table , or just to sit on and talk to me while I take care of the baby . A must have !
 I purchased this nursing stool to use with the glider rocker we have in our baby 's room . The room is small so the ottoman that would have matched the glider was not practical . This nursing stool is great . It is just the right height , and is sturdy and not bulky .
 I have to say I am a mother of 3 my youngest is 10 weeks old , I wish I would of had this when I had my other two , and had it for all three of my C-Sections at the hospital . I have been using it now for almost a week , and it definately makes a diffrence . Although when you look at it , it doesnt look like much . Well there isnt much to it but the design is what makes it so wonderful . I am only 5ft 1in in height and I have to say it pretty much accomodates everyone , if you have longer legs you just set the stool further out from what you are sitting on . If you have shorter legs like me you bring it closer to what you are sitting on . It does make you more comfortable while nursing , after nursing 2 other kids and now nursing my 3rd child I can tell the diffrence . It doesnt really matter how big you are on top either or if they are droopy . Which is something a great deal of women experience when they have breastfed , including me . Sorry about the description of that but just want to give the most accurate comment I can , telling about benefits of using this with normal problems.Overall I would definately recommend it to anyone who breastfeeds . I will definately be using it after I am done even .
 This stool is essential not only for nursing , but for rocking and bottle-feeding as well . My son is almost three now , and we used the stool with our rocker long past the time when I quit nursing him . It has now been transferred to the bathroom , where he uses it as a stepstool to wash his hands . It 's sturdy , durable , and immensely helpful - overall , a great product !
 I bought a rocking chair to use while nursing but did not want the ottoman because I thought it would not be very useful . I put this stool on my registry at the last minute and it is the best thing that I could have done for myself . It makes feeding so much more comfortable . My daughter was only breasfead for a short time and I have used it more now that she is on formula.It takes all of the pressure off of my back and legs . My husband even uses it to rock the baby and himself to sleep ! We both recommend this stool as a must have .
 Purchased this item for use with my glider and love it ! It eases the pressure on your hips and knees because you 're not stretching on tippy-toes to rock . I would definetly recommend this to anyone who has a newborn and will be spending A LOT of time nursing or feeding . The quality is good ... very durable . I have a three year old that has given it quite a few durability tests !
 this helps to maintain proper posture while feeding baby . i 'm sure i 'll come up with multiple uses for this stool , but at the present time it is getting plenty of use during round-the-clock feedings .
 Unless I was in a recliner I could not nurse without this product . As my baby grew it became the perfect toddler step-stool for the bathroom . It gets thrown around quite a bit and has stayed together beautifully . Great value .
 Putting your feet up at a new and nursing mom is absolutely essential . This stool is solid , well made , comfortable , easy to put together , and affordable . Nothing but good things to say about it !
 Excellent stool , easy and fast to put together ! really helped my wife find the perfect position to hold the baby
 This was super simple to put together -LRB- 3-5 minutes -RRB- . It is so sturdy . I would n't mind having half a dozen of these around the house to use . I imagine that they would work well for getting to the top kitchen cabinet shelf . Also works for leveling out your lap when you need to sit and type on a laptop computer .
 Within a couple of weeks of breastfeeding , my back was shot . This stool provided so much relief . It also helps my husband , who has a bad back and chronic pain , sit more comfortably .
 The hospital that I gave birth in had this stool in all of its rooms . I was thrilled to find it on Amazon when searching for something to make nursing in our new rocker more comfortable - I am quite short , so I needed something for my feet to rest on . I use this stool every night in the middle of the night while nursing and rocking our baby .
 I bought this gift for a friend and since it was on her list she loved it . It has outlasted the child 's baby years and is now used as a step stool for their toddler . Durable and long lasting I am sure this stool will be around for a long time . The original use of getting a nursing mom 's feet at a more natural height when sitting on the couch to nurse is genius - much more comfortable than dangling feet or shifting around .
 Ca n't say enough good things about this stool . I used one at my lactation consultant 's office and found it really helpful . It gets your body in the right position and makes nursing so much more comfortable . It 's well made and easy to assemble . I am not too tall - 5 ' 3 '' with legs on the shorter side . Maybe if you have longer legs you do n't need a stool , but I would recommend it to any new mom planning to breast feed . In my experience , anything to make those first few weeks easier - while you and your baby are learning to breast feed - is worth it !
 This seems like a silly purchase and pricey for a simple stool . But it was so necessary for trying to get a good latch with a newborn . I wish I would have had this at the beginning but only discovered it in a nursing room at a baby store . If you 're planning to breastfeeding or having trouble with latching , this is a must .
 This stool is really solid and nice looking . It really helps with nursing , and I think I 'll use it for a footrest long after I 'm done nursing .
 Though I intended to use this only during nursing , I 'm glad to have it during pregnancy - WONDERFUL . I have had pains in my hips/feet , and I have found this item useful in alleviating my pain.I can certainly recommend you purchase this stool early and use it during pregnancy , too ! It does n't take up too much space so you can easily put it away -LRB- or dismantle -RRB- if needed . Simple and helpful . Great product .
 Before my daughter was born , I knew I was determined to breastfeed her . I read several books and asked a lot of moms what their breastfeeding must-haves were . Several people mentioned this nursing stool . I was doubtful about how helpful a little stool could actually be , but I also wanted every resource possible available to help my breastfeeding relationship go smoothly , so I went ahead and bought it . In the weeks prior to my daughter 's birth , my husband assembled the stool and I would use it to prop up my aching feet after a long day at work . After my baby was born , I set up a little nursing station in my living room , and I found the stool to be an essential item . Basically it lifted my knees to just the right angle to help prop the baby in the correct position . I also used a nursing pillow , and between the pillow and the stool , the whole experience was actually very comfortable . I was able to nurse for long periods of time without feeling any pain or stress from holding the baby in the right position . I am definitely holding on to this item for use with future babies , and I would recommend it to any new mom who plans to nurse her baby .
 The Medela Nursing stool has been a lifesaver . It comes in handy when trying to prop baby at the right angle . Which also means this is not just a handy item for nursing , but also for bottlefeeding too ! I wish I had invested in this item with my first child , would have saved me from some aches and pains . I was lucky to get this item on clearance at another baby retail store for $ 9.90 . Great bargain and money is well spent on a terrific and useful stool .
 A friend recommended this product to me . It helped out tremendously while breast feeding . It helped me to get comfortable and to position the baby . I had a c-section , so I also used the stool for helping me to get in and out of bed . I highly recommend the stool .
 I highly recommend this stool if you breast feed -LRB- and have it before you get home from the hospital ! -RRB- . I borrowed a glider that did not come with a stool and my back was killing me when breast feeding . You can easily take the stool with you from room to room and use with any chair . Now all you need is a Boppy and you 're all set to feed ! ***** December 1st 2007 , It 's now over two years later and we still use the stool but now it 's under our computer desk . it relieves back pain when sitting for long periods of time . I am now expecting my 2nd child and will move it back to the rocking chair when the time comes . Even if you do n't nurse it 's still prefect for sitting with the baby and rocking it to sleep or bottle feeding it . The stool is also washable . It got very dirty while under the computer desk from our shoes and dirty feet so I put it in the shower and with a sponge rubbed off the dirt . I love this product !
 This stool is a miracle worker for tired legs and backs . I love to use it when nursing my son upstairs . The slanted top means your feet are positioned perfectly for holding a baby . It 's very sturdy and does n't slide around on the floor like my daughter 's plastic stools do.I did not get this until baby # 2 , and I wish I had had it with the first one ! Believe me , there is no comparison between rocking/nursing/holding a baby with this stool , or just resting your feet on the floor.Definitely in my `` top ten '' list of must-haves for breastfeeding .
 The stool makes nursing much more comfortable for mom -- especially those middle of the night feedings ! I strongly recommend that the company consider making a darker stain and perhaps white . Of course you can always paint or stain your own to match your decor .
 I was nursing without this stool for almost 2 months . I started developing lower back pain . I thought it was from picking up and carrying around my son until someone purchased this stool for me . In just 1 week , my lower back pain began to go away . I would definately recommend getting this stool if you plan to nurse .
 Helps your back , helps your arms ... it is so taxing on you to get your baby in the right position and this little stool helps more than you think .
 I got this stool after I started breastfeeding and what a difference it made ! It really took a lot of pressure off of my back . My mother-in-law has back problems , and she wants one now for herself !
 Once you have this stool , you will use it long after you stop nursing . It is wonderful for just propping your feet up while reading , watching TV , doing needlework , and much more . I have a rocker/glider that I use in my front room and the gliding ottoman is just awkward and bulky . I was using a regular child 's step stool but have had to tip it onto two legs and I 'm starting to notice some wear on my carpet . It is also easier to pick up and move out of the way than the ottomans or switch to the couch .
 This stool is perfect for nursing , it helps add comfort and good posture .
 This is a really good stool . I have not used any other so I ca n't make a comparison but I am nursing now and have used it since day one and it is definitely better to use it than to go without it . I even wish it inclined a little more since I am on the short side . By the way , it needs to be assembled yourself but it 's easy to do .
 I did n't have it when I started , but I really appreciated it once I got it . A definate improvement . The only part that I do n't like , and this is an individual thing , is the ridges -LRB- tread -RRB- . I am usually bare foot and they irritate my apparently sensative feet . I 've put a dish towel over it to make it more comfortable for me .
 I struggled in the begining -LRB- dose n't everyone ! -RRB- to correctly position my daughter during nursing . I found that a nursing stool really helped me get into a more comfortable position . I ended up getting two , one for upstairs to use with my glider and one downstairs to use while on the couch . A must have !
 I started using it when I was still pregnant and wish I had one for under my desk at work . When baby came it was wonderful to use when sitting in the recliner , it made it easier to get comfortable when breastfeeding.It 's such a great item my sister now buys it for all her friends who are pregnant . She says , `` the whole family benefits from it '' . She noticed that everyone in the family would `` fight '' over who would use the stool , of course , whoever was holding the baby had preference . Great item !
 I have used this footstool for 25 years , along with my little wing chair , since I was nursing my babies . My kids are all grown now , but I still use the footstool all the time to avoid lower back pain when I am using my laptop in my new wing chair . I ca n't imagine working in the chair without it . The footstool is so sturdy and has lasted all these years . I am ordering a new one just like it since I will be working away from home five days a week and I ca n't imagine life with it .
 This item works very well as a foot rest . I have it under my desk at work and use it every day . It is very comfortable . I have never used it for it for nursing , so I 'm not sure if it 's good for that .
 I purchased this stool 6 weeks into breastfeeding my son . I was having all sorts of trouble feeding him and lots of back pain . I was on the verge of giving up ! I went to see a lactation consultant , and she had this stool in her office . Sitting in front of her with my feet up on the stool , I was able to feed him without trouble -LRB- she hardly had to `` consult '' -RRB- . Once I had this stool at home , things started falling in place.Additionally , this stool has proven useful just as a stool , so your investment will last far longer than during nursing . My mom likes to put her feet up on it when she 's simply holding my son.I also want to remark that Medela stands by their product . We discovered that one of the legs on the stool cracked -LRB- we think when someone tripped on it during a late-night feeding -RRB- . I called Medela , and they replaced it immediately .
 I purchased this footstool about two weeks after I gave birth to my first child . Up until then , I had been using a flat footstool during nursing , but I was really unhappy with it . I could n't seem to get into a comfortable position ! When this stool arrived , all of that changed . Having your feet at a natural , 90-degree angle to your legs makes all the difference in the world ! I was much happier with this footstool , and I know you will be , too!The stool is exceptionally well made and hardy -- my oldest child is now ten , my youngest is four , and the footstool is still around ! My son likes to keep the stool in his room to jump off of -LRB- `` Superman ! '' -RRB- and it has stood up to all of his abuse.All in all , an excellent product -- well made , and really does the job ! I ca n't recommend it highly enough .
 I got this as a gift just before my second child was born . I ca n't believe what a difference it makes in the ease and comfort of nursing . It makes any chair the perfect nursing chair !! Once you try it , you 'll never want to nurse without it !!
 It truly makes a difference on your back & hips during pregnancy . I would get this early for yourself or a mommy to be . The best part is that not only is it great during pregnancy and for nursing , but you will continue to use it later on -LRB- like when you at the computer , etc -RRB- !
 I bought this when I could n't find a matching gliding ottoman for my glider . Boy am I glad I did ! My friends who 've nursed tell me the gliding ottoman is nice when you 're just holding the baby and relaxing , but when you 're nursing it allows too much movement and can make the process difficult . Likewise , my friends who decided not to buy ANY ottoman say they have lower back problems as a result . I have n't experienced either problem with this stool . It 's a nice stable platform -- giving the user complete control of their rocking movement . And the height is perfect -- no matter how tall or short you are -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 7 '' -- but I know women who are 5 ' 2 '' like it as well -RRB- . Well worth the money .
 I was having trouble breastfeeding but this product along with some essential help from a lactation consultant helped me tremendously . It is just the right height and your legs do not get tired at all . I use it with my glider chair -LRB- much better than the ottoman -RRB- and now recommend it to all my friends , especially those that are apprehensive about breastfeeding .
 I nursed my baby in a glider without a stool for a few weeks . I did n't think I needed to spend money on a stool . However , after enduring the lower back pain that ensued as a result , I caved in & bought this stool . It 's been well worth the buy ! No more back pain . I now nurse my baby comfortably . The stool was easy to assemble & is the perfect height for me -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 2 '' -RRB- . I am very happy with this stool .
 Love it ! I 'm 5 ' 4 '' which is just on the border of being short for a woman . I found this stool to be very useful and help with some of my nursing back issues . I honestly did n't realize I needed one until I tried on at my lactation consultant 's office . This is a very good gift for any nursing mother who is 5 ' 4 '' or under .
 I sat with this stool while still pregnant , and while it was nice , I had no idea how much I would enjoy it for nursing . My husband still uses it in the living room , and we may need to get another for him to watch TV with as it is very comfortable . We have a rocking chair , not a glider , to nurse with and use a nursing pillow , and this stool makes rocking and holding him so much more comfortable . I probably would n't even bother rocking otherwise , and he really likes the motion . This is one of the best items we purchased !
 I recieved one of these stools during my pregnancy . It was a god-send for aching backs and sore muscles . After the baby came , it was a tremendous help for breastfeeding and my husband loved to use it to help snuggle our son . I kept moving it between parts of the house and he bought second one to help ` me . ' My son now uses it to get into things . Sturdy , well constructed .
 This stool works great under a desk , and it 's half the price of comparable foot rests sold by office supply stores .
 This product has made it so much more confortable to nurse my son . I even use it when pumping or bottle feeding . It was easy to assimble -LRB- no real tools `` required '' but I did bust out the drill to make sure the screws were in there good . -RRB- A must have for nursing moms .
 I had my husband buy this 4 days into nursing my son . It saved my back and I probably would have given up without it . Worth every penny .
 Easy to assemble , comes with everything you need , except for padding . Just need to get a old towel and fold it to the size of the top of the stool and poof ! No complaints from my wife , a great foot stool .
 I am really happy with this stool . It is sturdy and the perfect height - really makes nursing easier -LRB- no more back pain ! -RRB- . It 's also useful while sitting at the computer and watching TV . Reasonably priced , and well worth it !
 This is our 3rd Medela stool . My husband and I keep them near our recliners so we can keep our legs comfy -LRB- when not reclined ! -RRB- . They really help anyone with back problems . We would recommend them for all ages .
 Tricky back and knees require strategies . I often buy things that do n't work out . This one did . I switched from my 2 rockers to gliders and the back pain got worse . I realized the seats were too high , and , just as important , it had a subtly different seating angle . The stool made all the difference . I also have an adjustable , ergonomic desk chair , but guess what , the footstool helped relieve the keyboard hunch . I 've got 3 now . But I keep wondering if that pesky floor angle on the passenger side of the car , painful on knees on a long drive , would n't be helped with one of these great stools .
 This stool is awesome ! I used it daily while I was nursing my son . It really helps and is a `` must '' for nursing moms along with your boppy or other baby proper . It takes the stress off your back and legs and really puts your feet in the perfect place so that your whole body is comfortably aligned . IT really helped me get through those long days of nursing a young infant and beyond . I loved it so much that I have given it as a gift at baby showers .
 For years after I no longer needed it as a nursing stool , I have used this stool to rest my feet on while working at my computer . This allowed me to raise the height of my chair to reduce neck strain when my monitor was a little too high for comfort . The angle reduces strain on the back and makes the whole setup so comfortable . Terrific product .
 Love this product . It raises my legs to the perfect height - use it with my rocking chair even when I 'm not nursing .
 A must have . You may be able to go without the ottoman if you are in a money crunch . I fed my son with this exclusively in my rocker for at least the first 8 months . The ottoman was too high for me and I am 5 ' 6 ''
 This stool is great ! It is the perfect height for me to nurse my baby comfortably . I use it with a boppy pillow . The only problem is I get so spoiled at home , its hard to feed my son while we 're out ! My husband put it together easily in a few minutes . Slightly slante but I guess we can still use it later as a step stool . I also use it while pumping for comfort .
 Okay , gals , this stool is not just for nursing moms . I 'm a 60 + , 5 ' 1 '' woman with a bad back whose feet never seem to be able to reach the floor -- in every chair in my home . The solution ? This nursing stool . I have three of them , and I 'm about to buy another one . It makes every chair in my house a comfortable fit for me . Sturdy , easy to assemble . Buy it , you 'll like it !
 I was skeptical that a little stool like this could make a big difference , but I am now a believer . What a difference a little angled stool makes ! In fact , it made such a difference that now that I 'm back at work , I am ordering a second stool for underneath my desk at work so my arms and back do n't hurt as much . I 'm short -LRB- 5 ' 3 '' -RRB- and I 'm not sure the stool would make such a big difference for taller people , but for me , it helped so much when breastfeeding , bottle-feeding , and just in general . Great product , and easy to put together as well .
 I have been nursing for seven months with constant back and knee pain . It seemed impossible for me to get comfortable and I had been using a flat step stool . Finally I decided I needed to make a change if I wanted to continue breastfeeding -LRB- which I did -RRB- . I ordered this stool after seeing the great reviews and have not been disappointed . My husband put it together quickly while I was in the shower and immediately my posture was better and I could hold my baby comfortably . It is sturdy and attractive . My feet no longer slip around and my knees no longer have strain . I do n't dread breastfeeding anymore !
 I did n't think a stool could really make it more comfortable to nurse , but I was wrong ! I used this with an old rocking chair and found that my legs were much more comfortable when propped up - especially during those long nights of rocking ! The stool is well-built and comes ready to use in the box . The natural wood color is attractive and goes with nearly any decor -LRB- just so happens that my crib and baby armoire are also natural wood color -RRB- . I imagine this would be a great stool to use if you were nursing on a chair or couch that was stationary as well .
 Purchased this as a nursing stool for my wife and it works great . It 's strong and easy to put together .
 Nursing Stool is an excellent foot stool to provide the proper position for successful elimination when used in the bathroom as well as for nursing .
 My wife wanted this for nursing . Came quickly . Easy to assemble . Very sturdy . Works great , would buy again . And here are extra words to make it > 20
 I really like this stool . It 's sturdy and well-build . Only complaint is that it could be a little wider for me . I like to keep my feet apart somewhat when I nurse.Amusingly , my toddler thinks this is his `` chair '' and uses it when we read books before bed time .
 I decided against a glider/rocker for nursing and went with a stationary chair . I went about a week of nursing with my feet flat on the ground when I realized my back being achey from the position . This stool was recommended to me at the hospital 's breastfeeding class and I used it at the hospital while nursing but thought it was just an extra thing to have . Boy was I wrong . The nursing stool angles your lap up drawing baby closer to you , which allows you to have your back straighter instead of hunching towards the baby . If you find yourself stuffing an extra pillow/blanket under your nursing pillow to fill in the gap between the pillow and your lap this stool will solve that problem , and wo n't fall out of your lap onto the floor ! The stool was easy to assemble and nice solid wood . I have been using mine for two months with no problems . The hospital had this exact nursing stool too and you could tell it was really worn in and old , but still held up perfectly . The nice thing is when you are done nursing the stool is still practical to use as a foot rest for chairs around the house - including a nice under the desk foot rest while you are on the computer .
 I bought three of these - one for my mom , my sister and my aunt . All three of them liked it - it is very comfortable to sit at the kitchen table with something to support your feet on .
 I LOVE this stool . I do not use it not for nursing but it helps with back support when rug hooking or doing needlework . It is light and easily moveable .
 This stool makes nursing much more comfortable because it boosts your lap into the correct angle so that your baby is closer to you . It eliminates the need to slouch forward , so it relieves the pressure on your back . I first used one in the NICU at the hospital and then promptly ordered this one . I use it every day .
 This is the unsung hero of my nursery ! I bought a nice ottoman for my rocker , but I use this little stool much more often . It makes nursing in the middle of the night so much more comfortable !
 At 5 ' 2 '' it raises my feet to the perfect height . I would n't be comfortable in my traditional wooden rocker without it .
 I ordered it based on the picture ... the one that came is a little differnt ... But it works great ...
 I have not had my baby yet so its hard for me to say if it really helps with nursing but I figured out that when you put your feet on it , it brings your knees to the right height to nurse . I didnt see that anywhere in the discription .
 Let 's just cut to the chase here , this stool is awesome and I do n't know what I would have done without it !!!!!! I do wish they had it in white .
 This works great . It was very simple to assemble , is a good height , and I feel I got my money 's worth .
 I actually bought this at a local store , but thought I 'd post a review here as well . I do n't have one of those fancy gliders in the nursery , but I do have a small antique rocking chair that I use for night time nursings and for rocking my baby to sleep . I am petite and the chair is small and I can actually touch the floor just fine , but I find myself constantly crossing and uncrossing my legs to get myself and the baby in a more comfortable position for nursing . This little stool did the trick . Having the top of the stool at a slight angle is absolutely perfect . It not only raises my lap , making positioning easier , but now I have somewhere to rest my feet and to push off of to rock the chair with . It would work wonderfully at nearly any chair or sofa . I 'm sure I 'll still have some use for it once we 're done nursing too ... or maybe pass on to another nursing mother.The top of the stool is grooved so your feet have some traction and there are non skid pads on the legs of the stool . It does n't slide across my laminate wood floors . It is light enough i can lift it with one or both feet to move it into the right spot . Sold disassembled but super easy to put together .
 Our baby was in NICU for about a week . These Medela nursing stools were everywhere and for good reason - it was crucial in helping ensure my wife nursed well and without pain . Here are my findings : PROS :1 . Promotes proper back posture . This simple item helped her maintain good back posture when breast feeding .2 . Sturdy . This item will last a long time3 . Stable . The rubber footings ensure a secure gripCONS :1 . My only gripe is the wood is so hard that it was somewhat difficult to screw the screws in properly.JOEL 'S RECOMMENDATION : Invest the money for this item . Also recommended is a Boppy pillow . Do not let my `` con '' listed above deter you . Just be patient and use a bit of strength and the screws will seat themselves just fine .
 This is a great stool . It make my legs the perfect height to nurse my son in his boppy.My only con is that there are ribs on the top of the stool and if you do n't wear socks or something to cover your feet it tends to hurt them.Maybe I just have sensitive feet ... but that 's the only reason I did n't give it 5 starts .
 Icould n't have nrsed without it . Even my mother-in-law stated , `` wow , this really works '' as she was rocking her granddaughter to sleep . a bit of a pain when you are vacuuming , one more thing to move , but , otherwise , a great idea .
 I bought this stool 7 month ago when my son was born . I bought it to pair with the glider I got . It worked out so great . The stool is angled just right to elevate my feet for breastfeeding . I 'm so glad I did not spend the money to buy the match ottorman .
 I never thought I would need this product . It 's a slanted stool , for Pete 's sake ! But when my baby was in the NICU for six weeks , they had these there -LRB- as well as my Brest Friend boppy pillow , which I also highly recommend ! -RRB- and there is no way my son would have been able to breast feed without it . It seems like a minor thing , but it 's not . This stool puts your body into the exact right position for breastfeeding . For what I call `` picky breast feeders '' this is a lifesaver . Plus I still use it now that he 's weaned . When I rock him to a dreamy state before bed and naps , this stool is essential ... . A plus !
 I agree with all of the other positive reviews ! I ca n't think of a single negative thing about this stool ! We have an antique rocker that was passed down and this makes rocking , feeding , and just holding baby so much easier - especially since I am short and ca n't reach the floor easily when rocking !
 This footstool is well-made and sturdy . I used it when I was nursing , and it really helped relieve back strain from improper sitting . Now it sits under my desk at work , and I rest my feet on it while doing computer work and reading . The slant of the stool helps me sit properly in my seat , and the height from the floor helps my short legs feel less strained . You ca n't go wrong with this stool for nursing , desk work , or both !
 I would recommend this . In fact , I am about to order a second of these . It helps sort the jars and lets you know what you are about to run out of . I am ordering a second now that our baby is eating more different types . -LRB- I am planning on having one for fruits and juices and one for vegetables . -RRB- It does not feel solid when you take it out of the box but once you snap it together -LRB- which is a cinch -RRB- it works well and is appropriately sturdy .
 Loved this organizer ! Takes up a small footprint on the counter and I was able to keep all my daughters food sorted and organized . As she got older and had more of a selection , I P-touched the rows to state breakfast , lunch , dinner , fruits , and veggies . It was helpful when I had someone else watching her as they would know what to feed her . It was also helpful at a quick glance to know exactly what I was low on and needed to replenish . Would definitely buy and recommend to a friend . I used this for Earth 's Best Baby Food and all stages fit well .
 I think this product is great ... I have absolutely no cabinet space , and this works great . You can see the kinds of food you have without having to move tons of jars around to find the kind you want . No stacking of items in cabinets and worry of accidently knocking a jar over . Keeps your baby food neat !! Worth the money spent.Sabra 's Mommy
 To any new parents , this is a great way to see what jar foods you are running low on and need to buy more of . They only eat jar food for so long so have somewhere to store this or even a friend to give it too after the first year . Pretty easy to put together although taking it apart was a little harder . The spinning action is great . makes it convenient to put anywhere , even in corners .
 We have limited kitchen space , and this is perfect . Keeps all the baby food neatly on the counter , we have it all organized by food type , so we can easily see what we have . Goes together easy , and is sturdy once assembled . Love , love , love it .
 I got this to organize the baby food on top ouf our fridge . We had small cupboards , so it was too tall to fit inside any of them . It is pretty straight forward , organizes the food just fine , seems durable enough . I even passed it on to a family member to use after my daughter outgrew jar food . They like it just as much as I did . If memory serves me correctly , it was a little fussy to put together , but all in all not too bad . I would definately reccomend this product .
 I have this shade in both the single and double stroller versions . I use it DAILY on my double jogging stroller and it allows my 8 month to nap while we walk . I did modify it by adding thick stick-on velcro to the bottom to keep it from flapping in the wind . It also helps keep bugs out this way . I love this product and do n't understand the negative reviews !
 We 've had this product for about 4 years now and absolutely love it . We 've taken it to Disney at least 5 times and it 's held up great . We have a peg Perego Pliko stroller that it fits on very well .
 NOTE
 This item works great for us ! Again my 15 month old has lost interest in even trying to mess with it .
 I bought several of these power strip covers as we have way too many power strips in our house . These work great ! The space inside is large enough to hold all sizes and shapes of plugs and while I have n't let my baby play with one to see if she can get one open , I 'm pretty sure she would n't be able to ! They are pretty secure . I would highly recommend this product to everybody with a baby !
 This product is doing exactly what I wanted it to -- keep my cat from jumping on the off switch of my power strip and turning off the TV , cable box , etc , all in one blow . This was the biggest power strip cover that I could find , and does indeed fit over my plugs with AC adaptors . Very satisfied .
 We 've had this power strip cover for about a month now . So far we 've been really happy with it . It has kept my 1 year old from playing with the power strip . It 's less intriguing to him now that he ca n't see the lighted switch to turn it off and on .
 I am so glad someone came up with something like this . The only thing I did n't realize is it 's only big enough for the long skinny power strips . I did n't realize it until I was about to use it . No big deal though , just had to change my power strip to a long skinny one .
 I ordered 2 of these in the hopes that I could protect my child from playing with the electrical cords and the power strip . The cover covers the whole strip completely and is fairly easy to use . The casing is also big enough to cover AC adapters , which is a huge plus since we have them for our computer and TV . I would definitely recommend this product !
 Easily contains our power strip and multitude of plugs behind the TV . Not the most attractive solution , but it works .
 This power cord protector seems to be working fine so far . My baby is n't one to pry her little fingers into the hole on top so that has n't been an issue for us . It comes with outlet plugs , which were handy for the empty ones . I do n't find the pieces that hook it together difficult to line up . Many people had commented they were difficult so I actually opened and closed it multiple times to test it out . No problem . It takes some minor concentration to line the pieces up . And it is actually white , not the yellow it appears to be in the photo .
 I bought this for the price . It ended up being too small for my power strip . It was the sides that have prongs on mine that did n't allow it to fit . If yours has that then they will not fit in here . Looking at it , the strip you need should be slender and one length . -LRB- 2 inches or so -RRB- It looks to be for a smaller one , but it does hold up and is very hard to open for a child . Comes with a few little hardware pieces inside .
 Got this to deter my 14-month old from crawling under the desk to flip the power switch on and off . Well , the cover does n't quite fit my power strip -LRB- the lowered part is too shallow -RRB- , and some plugs do n't fit any more . I ended up reshuffling the plugs a bit , and taping the cover shut . But overall , it does the job
 Other users have lamented over the size of this product , but it really needs to be large in order to fit the power strip and all the plugs . It gives me peace of mind .
 Actually bought this for my cat , she is 6 months old and loves to chew on stuff . This is nice that she ca n't get to the plugs or the extension cord . This would not preclude her from chewing on the cords , but at least they are less accessible .
 Plenty of space for bulky plugs ... ample room for just about any spike strip I 'd imagine . Bought it to keep my 20month old from playing with his cord friends . I 'd recommend it for others .
 We got this for the power strip in our livingroom by our tv . It does a great job of hiding the strip and the plugs and I like that you can open the part of the on/off switch separate from the section where the plugs are . But there also lies the problem with this . The clips on the side are not easy to reattach . So as long as you do n't plan on opening and closing this a lot then it works great ... . but if you need a cover over a strip that you need to access a lot , then this one will most likely frustrate you quickly !
 These have worked very well for us . We have power strips of a couple different sizes in our house , and this fits over all of them . It is large enough to cover all the bulky plugs we have plugged into the strips as well . I was surprised to read another reviewer found this too small . I think the cover should work for most single-wide power strips ; it probably would n't work for a powerstrip with two rows of outlets . I found it relatively easy to open and close . I do n't think my baby daughter will be able to open them herself , and she wo n't be able to reach her fingers in and shock herself . I now own at least five of these .
 it is a good product but i do not like the bulkiness and it is an eye sore . . but it does work effectively .
 This is a must have for parents ! What baby does n't head straight for the power strip ? It is easy to use , plesant on the eyes -LRB- it is white , not off white like the photo -RRB- and IMPOSSIBLE for babies to open !
 Everyone with a power cord and a child should have this . Its simple and amazing ! Worth every penny and more !
 This cover is very large/clunky , but it does the job . We have a power strip near my toddler 's bed , and this handy little box keeps the danger contained . It is complicated enough that he ca n't get it open , but not so complicated that his daddy ca n't get into it , like some of the other products we have purchased for childproofing ! We also installed an outlet cover where the outlets swivel shut if the plug gets pulled out , so I feel like we have done everything we can to keep his bed area safe .
 a little too long for our surge protector , and a little too narrow to fit large plugs -LRB- they still fit , it just seems like I might be damaging the cord ! My son was loving the red button that turns the whole thing off , so its great that we could get the surge protector off of the computer table , and back on the floor , but another issue we face is how to keep him from unplugging the surge protector - but thats not as bad as that bright red button that just called him to touch it LOL ! This cover is very difficult to open -LRB- a good thing -RRB- not only are the latches strong , but there are more than one latch , if you 're not paying attention , one latch can close while you are trying to wrench open the second latch . Ours is brand new though , do n't know how its going to stand up to being opened and closed a few times !
 We have a very active 8 month old girl , so we decided to buy 3 of these to cover the connectors , Was very easy to put it on . Covers perfectly and makes the power strip safe . Would highly recommend this product
 I bought this to keep my 2 sons out of the computer cords . The power strip and all the cords seem to fit well , except for the plug to our router/modem -LRB- hence the 4-star rating -RRB- . It is too wide for the safety cover to snap shut . So ... I will be pluging the modem into the wall outlet -LRB- which is behind the compter desk & out of reach -RRB- and everything else into this power stip safety cover !! It def . helps keep the kids safe from exposed outlets !! I highly recommend .
 After reading the other reviews , I measure my power strip and it seemed as though this cover would be plenty big enough . Sure enough , it fits great and as another person commented , everything looks much neater too . They include ties to bind your cords , which was a nice bonus . Would buy again for other strips -LRB- and probably will -RRB-
 These covers are awesome!Easy to use.Large enough to accomodate most power stips.Includes wire ties , cord labels , and outlet covers.Several tight fitting safety snaps to ensure that it stays closed.This does exactly what it says it does .
 I think this is a great outlet strip cover . I almost wish I had this before I had kids because it conceals it so nicely and makes the strip look much more tidy . It 's somewhat hard to snap and unsnap together . But that 's the point , right ? I would recommend this to anyone looking to either conceal their outlet strips or babyproof their home .
 This is a great product and solved the powerstrip problem that I had in my daughter 's room . It was a perfect fit for my powerstrip which was just a standard size -LRB- not one of those supersized double wide ones -RRB- .
 Works as advertised . The only real downside is that it 's a bit of a pain to open if you have to plug something new into it . But then again , I guess that 's the intended purpose .
 I bought this white cover -LRB- model 40896 , UPC 3676840896 , code on label X0000DM4BB -RRB- andSafety 1st Power Strip Coverto compare the two . Unlike that item , this cover is not expandable . Its dimensions are fixed at 14 '' length , 2-3/4 '' wide , and 3-1/4 '' high -LRB- except for the 4 '' at the power strip cord end which is only 1-3/4 '' high -RRB- . The slot where the cords for the equipment come out is 1/2 '' wide and 7-5/8 '' long . When closed , the hole for the power strip cord is 1-1/8 '' by 1-1/2 '' . There are no holes for wall mounting , but four outlet covers , two plastic cable ties , and ten cord identifier stickers are provided.To open the 4 '' cover at the power strip cord end , you pull up on a single tab ; this seems rather easy for a child to disengage , which means that he/she might have access to the outlet nearest the power strip cord end . To open the main cover , you pry open three tabs , then open the unit like a clamshell.The plastic is softer but probably more resistant to breakage compared with the Safety 1st model . I like the fact that you can simply open the 4 '' cover to flick the power strip switch on and off . It is narrower and shorter than the Safety 1st model by about 3/4 '' in either direction , which may prevent using wider strips or transformers more than about 1-1/2 '' high with it.Buy this from Amazon.com ! -LRB- BTW , about the Amazon photo , the interior is actually white , I do n't know what produced that egg-yolk-yellow color inside . -RRB-
 We use it all over our house . It actually makes our cords look very neat . But before you buy it , please beware of the dimensions of the product -LRB- see in product descriptions -RRB- . It fits all our single-row surge protectors , and even a double-row extention cord with timer . it fits most of our plugs with transformer , EXCEPT some of the bigger ones . Unfortunately , the transformers for our router and DSL modem are too big to fit in , so we still have to find another solution for those ...
 For a piece of plastic , it does a good job . It is hard to open -LRB- that 's the point -RRB- but the power on and off switch is easily accesible , which seems a good safety precaution . It comes with three little outlet covers , and a couple of useful plastic ties for the cords . the only problem i have with it so far , is the surge protector i am using is too small , and the first plug is exposed in the on/off switch compartment that is easy to open . it is still better than nothing , but like with all kids safety products , parents are never replaced .
 Great babyproofing idea -- my 16 month old has not been able to open this cover . Additionally , I think it actually looks better -LRB- cleaner -RRB- now that the cover is on the power strip .
 it does n't work for HUGE plugs -LRB- like our roku -RRB- , but will work with every other TV/Stereo/cable / etc component we have ! our daughter figured out the on/off button on our power strip , so i ordered this the very next day and it 's wonderful !! she tried to turn everything on/off again and found out she could n't and now she stays away from that area ! a total life saver and pretty sound product !!
 this is the best/cheapest for keeping little hands away from extension cords and looks better in person - it 's white not beige
 Kind 've cheapie the material but it does the job . It 's behind my kids tv so you ca n't see it but my powerbar fit smoothly right into it . Great price , might by another one .
 Whoever took and posted the photo for this product should be forced to sit through a long lecture on the art of white balancing . I was convinced this thing was going to be beige , and obviously we could n't have that -- my babyproofing has to be chic and designer -LRB- not really -RRB- . The safety cover is , in fact , white , and incredibly easy to install . It not only childproofs the surge protector , but it makes it look cleaner , too!Highly recommend .
 This is simple to install , but great at keeping my little ones safe , from playing with the cords . Great price . It also has helped make our spider web of cords coming from the TV , and gaming systems more manageable .
 Nice item to have to keep little fingers from getting shocked . good deal worth the $ $ and the feeling of a little peace of mind
 My 9 month old loves to play with the cords and get his little hands where they should n't be . This was definitely a necessity !
 I purchased this for an exposed power strip in my husbands office . Our daughter always heads straight under his desk to all the cords and outlet . This cover does the job perfectly ! It is large enough to fit the bigger plugs including cellphone chargers under the lid . It is not extremely difficult to open to an older child may be able to figure it out , but it is perfect for us at the moment .
 I ordered this after reading the reviews for it , I measured the cord and power strip it was to cover and seen it should fit just fine , It did ! I am very pleased with it , I am a grandmother who wanted to protect my grandbabies!Thanks for a great inexpensive product !
 We waited 3 weeks to receive it and when the high chair arrived one of the screw was missing . The customer service was excellent and send a new one overnight . It took 2 hours to set it but the istructions are clear.However , it was worthwhile since my son immediately loved it . I never seen a baby so happy in a high chair ...
 I just bought my 3rd Svan Highchair for my 3rd child . This chair is great because it grows with your child . I bought one for each of my other kids and they love them . The chairs and cushions have survived rough treatment over the past 3 years and still look as good as the new set I brought home yesterday . They put the kids at the perfect height for the table - dinner , homework , art projects are all so much easier for the kids because they can scoot right up to the table and be at the right level .
 Love these little bottles ! They are so convenient for taking on trips . I keep them in the diaper bag too for those all too often situations when I need to wash little hands . I 've also added them into Baby shower gifts .
 These strips work perfectly ... just be sure to have them on hand BEFORE your baby starts chewing on things . Also , one package -LRB- 4 strips in a package -RRB- covers only one standard crib rail . If you need to protect both rails from little chompers , you will need to purchase two of these . I had one set given to me by a family member and did n't realize I would need an additional set for our crib . By the time I had ordered the second set , it was too late ! Do n't know if this common , but our baby LOVES to chomp on all things wooden .
 These are great , but not for the purpose intended . I used them to cover & protect the wooden rungs on my counter height chairs or stools . I had tried , on the internet , to find chair rail covers . There were none that were adequate . I highly recommend these for protecting wooden chair rungs from shoes during use .
 I just placed a set of these on the crib rail - anticipating our child to arrive in a month or so ... I got a set on , but could not get them off - I had to slide them , to center them on the railing . I am 35 yrs old and non-arthritic ... . so if they would barely come off for me , I ca n't see how a toddler will have much luck getting them off . I guess I will see what happens and let you all know.Well , update . I now have a 13 month old boy . And he has 8 teeth . He cut these starting at 4 months old and just got tooth # 8 in his 9th month . Luckily he has not had any desire or ability to pull these off . Until now . At 12 months old , he was able to remove the rail protectors.So , they worked for us , because he teethed at such an early age . He only now he has the dexterity to pull them off and throw them about the room , usually right back into his crib -LRB- to chew on -RRB- or on the floor . AND , after they had been on the crib for 12 months , the plastic is not stiff as it was when the product was brand new , so they do contour around the rail , and eventaully loosen , therefore making it easier for the baby -LRB- and you -RRB- to pull them off.In hindsight , I might have found another product or not worried about this at all . Although , my crib was used , and I wanted these for sanitary reasons more than any other .
 I liked these crib rails , they worked well but my son was able to remove them , so I just put double sided tape on his crib rail then applied them to the crib rails and he could no longer remove them !
 The Prince Lionheart Crib Rail Teethers are the perfect solution for protecting crib rails from a teething infant or vise versa . I was skeptical due to the reviews that these would work due to my child ripping them off , but I read one review that mentioned using zip ties to hold them in place . Accordingly , I purchased them and purchased zip ties . The rails arrived in perfect condition and are made of soft plastic . Not only do they fit snugly on our crib rails , but my daughter has n't pulled them off -LRB- or even come close for that matter -RRB- I did n't have to use the zip ties . Again , I am sure that proper fitment depends on your rail dimensions . This was a great solution for $ 10 and I highly recommend the product .
 We bought this product because it was the only one we could find . We have been using it for several months and it has worked great !! Would recommend this product !
 Yes this is a 4 piece item . Yes it will cover most of your crib rail . Yes it will leave gaps of about an inch between the pieces . Yes it comes off easily . If you wrap zip ties around it to attach it to the rail , baby Hercules wo n't be able to pull it off .
 Keeping our 14 month old from chewing on her crib . She will remove them if she is left in her crib to play ...
 My husband and I just bought a new dinning room table and chair set . He wanted to protect the chair rungs from foot wear . I thought of these and I could n't have made a better decision . These work perfect for our 3/4 inch square chair rungs . I know this is not their intended pourpose but I had to let everyone know what a great product this can be if put to other uses . Thank you .
 This product fits our older crib well , it 's pretty narrow . After a couple days our daughter was able to pull one off and still chew on the crib . It was really not a problem , my husband just put zip ties on each one and now they protect the crib fine.It works good and was an inexpensive fix .
 I am really surprised to read other negative reviews on this product . I used it for my first son and I am now buying new ones to use with my second son . My son was never able to remove these and they fit snugly on our Carters crib . I would definitely recommend - maybe these just depends on the shape of the crib .
 I found this product online with a higher price than regular stores , this was the best offer for the same product , I already used it and it is perfect to cover baby 's crib and it does n't disturb room decoration . The only thing that you have to know is that 1 package only covers one side of the crib . Thank you for this great offer
 my baby is 9 + months now , with 3rd teeth coming out . he bends over and chew on anything in front of him to ease his teeth pain . He 's also recently learned to pull himself up to stand in his crib . so crib rail became his favorite chewing thing . Luckily we installed this teether before his top teeth came out , and he 's been chewing away on the teether . he has once or twice pulled on the teether to make it come off on one side , but never completely pulled it off . to resolve the problem of it coming off easily , you can tie it , use velcro on it , or tape it . frankly i think the material is nice , and you ca n't find anything better than this on the market right now . it definitely beats letting the baby chew away on the wood/plastic crib rail . it 's easy to clean , too . i personally think it 's a great product for the baby .
 I do n't agree with the dimensions listed on Amazon 's description . It does come with 4 pieces that are about 12 inches long ... which will cover one side of your crib . However , I do n't know what the 1.5 x 5 part is . I measured the ones I have and the inside of the plastic measures about 3/4 of an inch ... and the outside of it is around an inch . The plastic is fairly flexible . I have the Aspen 4-in-1 crib and it fits my rails just fine . My 11 month olds have not pulled them off ... yet ;-RRB- There is another listing for this same product , http://www.amazon.com/Prince-Lionheart-Crib-Rail-Teether/dp/B001JBALRQ/ref=pd_sbs_ba_5 , you might be able to get an idea of the size/shape of the crib rail it expects.I covered just one side of their crib at first , but this seems to work and I just went out -LRB- to a local store -RRB- and bought another pair to cover the other side of the crib.I recommend this product , however , you need to measure or consider your crib rails - they need to be on the skinny side.Update
 Received the item as promised and there were no problems with the purchase . our child does n't noticed any difference , very happy with the product .
 I placed these rails on the very first day the crib was assembled . Because of this , our daughter has no idea that they do n't belong on the crib , so therefore she 's never tried to remove them . Plus , she loves chewing on them and it never harms the crib . They stick just fine and if you want to use a mild double sided tape to keep them suction down that can work too . Just depends on the individual . We never plan on taking the rails off so we are n't worried about the tape pulling up the vanish on the crib . I love these things and as soon as I get the next crib I 'll be placing these same rails on it too ! Use them from the very beginning and the baby does n't seem to realize the difference ! Great product ... do n't let the other reviews prevent you from giving them a shot !
 The product was easy to use . My child was unable to remove because the product fit the rails snugly . Saved my crib from teething marks .
 These teethers fit our Storkcraft crib . Our baby bites on them without damaging the rails and her teeth . Love the product .
 I love that they are clear so the crib still looks neat and clean . More importantly , they keep my baby from chewing off chunks of wood and -LRB- allegedly non-toxic -RRB- paint.I put these on the first day after he bit into the crib -LRB- at around 6 months -RRB- and he 's never taken them off -LRB- 1 yr old now -RRB- . He 's freakishly strong , too , so I 'm surprised he has n't , considering what others have said , but they work for us!I guess they might fit better on some cribs than others . For the record , we have the alma papa crib from bloom baby .
 I ordered the precious moments diaper bag for my nieces baby shower , because that was her theme . It was a real cute diaper bag and just the right size for everything that you need . I thought it was a little pricey , but the time had ran out before the shower , so I didnt have much time to look around for a cheaper price . Other than the price I really liked it , and so did my niece .
 I love this changing table . When assembled correctly it is very sturdy and safe . My son is now 14 months old , and I still use it -LRB- with a steady hand on him though ! -RRB- . I had considered buying a more expensive changing tower , but now from experience I know I do n't want to be reaching in doors and drawers to get what I need , it is handier in this open unit . I would reccomend this table to anyone . I do n't see anything cheap about it , if you use it for what it is intended , -LRB- diaper storage , supplies , blankets , etc. -RRB- , it is perfect .
 We purchased this table to go with the White Jenny Lind crib we bought . Table was very easy to put together and is extremly sturdy . Having two children I could n't possibly see the point in spending $ 150 or more for a changing table that you can really only use for the first year depending on the size of your child . We 've been using ours now for 4 months and I have no complaints .
 Most baby furniture is really expensive . Who wants to spend a huge amount of money on something like a changing table that you are only going to use for a short period of time -- NOT me !!! My husband and I looked at many changing tables when buying for our nursery and the Jenny Lind table got our vote . I could n't be more satisfied with my purchase . It has plenty of room for everything that I need for my son and it looks wonderful with our Jenny Lind bed . I feel like this was a really smart purchase . I have a friend who spent 100 's of dollars on her changing table and my Jenny Lind table looks just a good !
 My husband and I purchased the matching crib after we received this table for a shower gift ... we thought we were going to use it as a spare in our room since we have a 11/2 story house . After assembling this peice , we loved it enough to keep in the nursery -LRB- and avoided buying a more expensive peice -RRB- . Quality and craftsmanship are great ... we are very pleased !
 I bought this changing table after struggling with the idea of having a dresser instead or not . We finally purchased the changing station and love it ever since . All the baby pajamas and purp pads , socks and booties plus lots of other essencials fit into this two levels station . On top of that , it is very study and easy to clean . My 6-month old boy plays `` fireman hose '' - having pee-pee accident while changing sometimes . All it takes is a dry towel to wipe the `` fluid '' off . Then of course you need to wash the changing pad cover and all the wet clothes . You know the deal . If you want to save your back and not worry about opening and closing the dresser drawers , this is it .
 I actually got this same changing table at a garage sale for $ 10 , it was in perfect condition just needed to be cleaned , anyway - if I had to buy it at regular price I would ! This table has lasted a year now and I am very happy with it . I recommend buying a curved changing pad to go with it though .
 It is sturdy . It looks great . And EVERYthing we have fits on it . Great storage . It was the best gift we got from my 2 showers . We use it more than her crib . WE LOVE THIS TABLE !
 it 's does the job . room for diapers and more and is attractive .
 Our baby is n't due until September , but we read a few reviews about painted wood needing to air out , so we bought early . After several weeks/months of researching and reading reviews , this fit both our requirements and our budget.It definatly seems like a good quality product , but we 'll be unable to tell until we start using it later this year . The wood seems pretty strong , and when fully assembled , it seems very stable . There are some quality issues with the metal bars that screw in to support the shelves . Using the predrilled holes , the wood still split a little bit . I do n't know if it was just some of the paint , or the actual wood , but right now I 'm not `` too '' worried about that.This review was written for mainly one reason . The directions are the worst directions I have ever dealt with . You get washers , and dowels that are never explained . Thankfully , after a house full of `` put-together '' furniture , I figured it out.Overall , if you can figure out the directions , this seems like a really good changing table at a great price .
 We just bought this and think it 's so cute ! Also , it is very sturdy for the price you pay . We just bought this until we decide what kind of dresser we want once she gets bigger . I would recommend this to anyone ! : -RRB-
 We bought this table for our first child who is now eight and my husband is putting it together tonight for our second child . It worked great through out my sons first year and it is still in excellent condition . Some have said their shelves were warped or would not hold up - they may need to exchange it for another -LRB- Unless the quality of the product has changed since our original purchase - 8 years ago -RRB- Our shelves have not warped and I stack clothing , diapers , wipes and other diapering needs on my shelves . I also have the Jenny Lind cradle and have painted it to match my new decor and I am definately getting my monies worth from both pieces and do n't regret making these purchases .
 When our son was born , we didnt have room in our apartment for a changing table . Now that we have purchased a home I decided to go ahead and buy the changing table and am so glad that I did . What a relief to my back ! This table is the perfect height , which i worried about because I 'm over 6 ' tall myself , and has plenty of storage room for diapers , wipes , and will be great as a place to store toys when my son gets older . It was definately worth buying and was very easy to put together . I was worried about the sturdiness because the one in the store was very wobbly , but put together the right way , its very sturdy and there 's plenty of room for a wiggly 4 month old .
 I put this table together when I was 81/2 months pregnant and it was EASY . The instructions were simple and the product was sturdy . I put three wicker baskets on each of the two lower shelves for my diapering products and my baby 's linens . My baby is now 20 pounds and is in the 45 percentile for weight and he is 10 months old . The table at this point still holds him . So a 4 month old baby already weighing in at 20 pounds is far from the norm . I bought this table at Babies R Us and have been happy with it every since . The crib is what really caught my attention . The cost was $ 100 and was ranked high on Consumer Reports . I did not want to spend a fortune on baby furniture . I know it wo n't be something that my son will use for much more than 2 years . Then I can buy a great toddler bed for $ 200 and not have to worry about converting a crib . This Delta Jenny Lind love collection makes a great nursery . Plus if it is your first child , chances are you will want the crib to use again for a second child and then the fact that the other crib converts will not be of an importance anymore . You will have a great toddler bed and a great crib for the price of one of the convertible cribs . All of these items are worth the money . Do n't let some instances of bad luck turn you away from this product . I could have easily afforded the other changing tables . I just did n't think it was necessary to spend that much money . This one works great and you get to keep a LOT in your wallet . Babies are expensive . There will soon be another good use for the money . Like a new swing set !
 I purchased this changing table in the summer of 2002 -LRB- my baby was due in Sept -RRB- I put it together very easily by myself . When I read the directions I was disappointed when it said to only use this table for babies up to 20lbs -LRB- I was having a 10lb baby -RRB- so I did n't think I would get much use . I could n't afford a more expensive one so I kept it . My son is now 21/2 yrs . old and weighs 35lbs and we are still using it !!!! Yes , the middle shelf has a little sag in it -LRB- very little -RRB- but other than that it 's perfect !!! I am so suprised by how sturdy this is !!! After reading some other reviews , I ca n't believe how many other people do n't like it . I 'm using it till it ca n't support my son anymore and gives out but no problems yet . I store toys and diapers on the other shelves . I would highly recommended this table and it 's so affordable too : - -RRB-
 This table is very cute and sturdy once it 's put together ... but very tricky to actually put together . The directions are just okay , and it takes 2 people to put this one together properly . I would recommend it , however , if you want a practical table for a reasonable price that looks nice .
 We bought this for about 70 bucks and got 4 sage lined wicker baskets to fit within it for organization . Great table , that does the trick . Fits almost everything we need for clothes , and we have a diaper depot hanging off the side to fit all the changing table items . : -RRB-
 I bought this changing table at a used baby store because I recieved the crib as a hand me down . Even being used this changing table is great . There are no problems . It 's very sturdy and durable for the price . I have the shelves loaded up with alot of things and no problems at all . The shelves are made of a type of posterboard wood but they are sturdy . The pad that came with it is very thin and cheap so I purchased a better one . But this changing table is definitely worth the moderate price .
 It 's not flimsy to me at all . Maybe because the carpeting in our apartment stabalizes it , but it 's perfect . I also think it 's very pretty - it brightened up the room . I just love it . Makes me want to further decorate the room for the baby . Perfect height for me as well and plenty of storage room . I do wish the pad furnished was a bit thicker and softer but it 's sufficient . I like how it 's covered in smooth vinyl so we can clean it very easily . Great table for a great price !
 we bought this changing table -LRB- cuz it was cheap ! -RRB- back in 2002 ... we had a baby every may for three years ... and this changing table withstood everything ! from changing newborns , to toddlers climbing up and down it -- everything . we only recently got rid of it ONLY because my kids have outgrown changing tables and are now in pull-ups -LRB- yay ! -RRB- . but , we loved this changing table ! it makes NO sense to spend lots of money -LRB- or to even let your relatives/friends spend lots of money -RRB- on an expensive changing table . this one works well and looks great and is a GREAT price !
 I bought this at a second hand store -LRB- ... -RRB- . It looks just like the one in the picture and was built pretty sturdy . I had n't intended to use it ; just wanted to fill an empty space in the nursery with something common . The minute I put it in the nursery I knew I had to test it out , and it was a good find ! I probably would n't have paid -LRB- ... -RRB- for it simply b/c I did n't buy it to use it . But , now , I intend on using it , and recommend it to others as a wonderful open style dressing table . It 's sturdy , pretty , comes with a pad , has a belt for baby attached , has a lot of baby room on the table , and has lot 's of storage space underneath . It also looks good with most cribs , if you 're afraid of mismatching .
 When I went down to the store and physically examined it , I rocked it back and forth to see how sturdy it was . It did n't seem very sturdy , but I figured it would be up against a wall and would be fairly safe . When I took it home and assembled it myself my husband and I were very surprised on how solid and sturdy it really was ! My husband and I took a step back and looked at it and realized how perfect it will be for our Flower Fields themed room . We especially liked the safety features like the safety belt and the reinforcement metal bars that go underneath each level !
 This is a great solid changing table and it only took my husband 20 minutes to assemble . I did not care for the changing pad it came with so I purchased the more expensive curved pad -LRB- very happy with that as well , see my review -RRB- . There is lots of room on both shelves to store anything you desire . I store receiving blankets , wash clothes , spit towels , bath towels , and diaper wipes -LRB- inside a diaper warmer -RRB- on the bottom shelf . On the middle shelf is where I keep the lotion , binkies , toys , and accessories that I need daily . I 'm very pleased at the durablity and beauty .
 I put this together easily and was very happy with the price . As mentioned in other reviews , I was very happy not to pay more than double this price for most of the other models . It appears to be just as sturdy and durable - and I actually think nicer looking - than some of the others . Matches the Jenny Lind bureau which we also bought and loved . ** Tip - the shelves of this changing table perfectly hold Pier 1 fabric lined baskets if you are going for a ` Pottery Barn kids ' look for about a fraction of the price !
 There is nothing wrong with the design of this table . My wife and I registered for this , and my mother-in-law almost refused to buy it for us when she saw it at the store ! She actually called from the store and said it was too rickety and dangerous-looking !! Well , I saw the nice folks down at the store she was in , and a few others that carry this table , and let 's just say they did n't appear to be the real handy type - not furniture wrights , so to speak - and who do you think is putting the display model together ? On top of that , the day my wife and I registered for the thing , we saw no less than 2 couples banging the heck out of the floor model , apparently to see how sturdy it was - but they did not dish out the same abuse to any other table that we noticed . Well , how long do you think * any * table would last under these conditions , even if the store 's floor staff put it together perfectly?I put our 's together in about 45 minutes by myself , but it would be easier with two people . A word to the wise , though
 When I bought this changing table for my baby I was a bit skeptical . Now I realize it was a great investment . Its such a sturdy changing.Its great a lot of stuff fits in the bottom two shelves , but must importantly the baby is very content when in this changing table . This is a must for every mom in need of a good changing table without forking out the money for more expensive ones .
 I recently received this changing table and I find it to be a great piece for the nursery . It does not necessarily need to be used to change `` BABY '' , it can also be used for all of those items you may need close by . I am using it to store all of my baby 's daily necessities like , diapers , lotions , towels , etc. . It has 2 shelves under it so you can store other items , like shoes , or blankets .
 For my fourth baby I bought all new nursery furniture . Since she is my last I didnt want to spend a ton but I did want good stuff . I love this table . It has tons of storage , was easy to put together and is solid . I have also loved the matching crib and dresser !
 We bought this changing table from someone who bought it new five years ago , and I must say that it is in great condition ! The previous owner used it with two kids , and after we gave it a quick paint job , it looks brand new ! It is still very sturdy and we have no problems with the shelves warping or not being strong at all . We did have to tigten the screws , but no complaints about that because who knows if the previous owner ever did . And it is a very pretty changing table ! We highly recommend it !
 We love this , and the price is perfect ! We bought cute fabric bins and have three on each level for diapers and storage .
 Love this ! Bought in 02 for our first baby . Now due in July with our 3rd and it as held up well ! No complaints .
