 I bought this software for my 5 year old . He has a couple of the other RH software games and he likes them a lot . This game , however , was too challenging for him . The biggest problem I see is that the game requires the child to be able to maneuver the vehicle using all 4 scroll keys on the keyboard . During one exercise , which by the way you ca n't get to the next level until you complete this exercise , the game requires that you use the keys to move while watching out for falling lava rocks and clouds , monitor a fuel gauge , watch arrow indicators that help you determine where objects are in the arena below , and watch a scope that shows animals when you 're hovering over the top of them.I tried to perform this exercise myself and got frustrated . It 's just too hard to expect even a 7 year old to complete this exercise let alone a 5 year old.There are some exercises he can complete himself but they mostly require using the left , right keys.I do n't know who this game would be good for . Parts of it would be too easy for someone 7 or older . Yet some parts are too difficult for those younger than that .
 I got this for my 4 year old son because he really likes Rescue Heroes and it sounded like it would have some adventures for him.What the description does n't tell you is that you ca n't pick which activities you want to play . You have to complete one part before you can go to the next which just does n't make sense for this age group . There are certain parts he has no interest in or are too challenging so he gets frustrated and ca n't get to play the parts he does enjoy . The graphics for the different rescues are very basic and each time you go through the sequence it 's exactly the same stuff , so even if he could do it I think it would get boring fast . The only reason I gave this 2 stars instead of 1 is that my son has enjoyed watching it -LRB- while I play it -RRB- . If you 're looking for something your child can do easily by themselves without getting frustated - do n't get it . Almost all of the play involves using the arrow keys instead of the mouse . If your child has no problem with the arrow keys , he might not have trouble .
 It clearly says on line this will work on a Mac OS system . The disk comes and it does not , only Windows . Do Not order this if you have a Mac !!!!!!!
 My three year old son was very excited to get this but after two attempts at playing it has n't been touched since . You are not able to use the mouse through any of the games except for the `` power-up segments '' instead you are using the up-down arrows on the keyboard - too hard for him and not much fun . Very disapointed with this game and wish I could return it .
 This game makes you do the same things over and over , it never holds my son 's attention long enough to get to the next level . There is no choice of games you have to do every thing in order . We have another Rescue Heroes game and both my boys 3 and 6 love it , but this one is a dog !
 This game requires quicktime 5.0 to work ... if you have a better version of quicktime -LRB- I have 7.5 -RRB- , it will ask you to install the quicktime available on the CD ... if you click no , it will not let you play . So , I begrudgingly clicked yes on the third try , and it installed quicktime 5 , THEN it tells me to please install the quicktime available on the disc . It KEPT telling me that , even after I uninstalled my version of quicktime 7.5 , and reinstalled Barbie Rapunzel and quicktime 5 . Very frustrating , and the game absolutely will not work for me . It keeps telling me over and over , to install quicktime 5 , tho I 've been through the installation process repeatedly . It is NOT my `` operating system limitations '' . This is a brand new computer ... merely weeks old with all the state of the art contraptions .
 ... My daughter and I loved the movie . She is 5 years old and it took her 2 hours to complete the game . Absolutely no challenge , and very little interaction . It is essentially just clicking on the screen to make it play the 7 or 8 scenes it has programmed . There are no games to play , nothing to figure out , nothing to do . Save your money .
 My 6-year old daughter is currently sobbing in her bedroom as a result of this rotten game.She spent an hour on this game painting in pretty pictures and coloring in flowers . But halfway through the game , the program hung , and would n't let us leave the room or click anywhere else . Now even if we exit the game and then start it back up , we are frozen in one spot while Barbie 's disembodied voice urges us to `` explore somewhere else in the castle . `` Standard software troubleshooting and rebooting did n't help . Vivendi Games ' support site is `` currently disabled . '' And now I 'm left with a weeping , frustrating child who does n't understand that it is not her fault that her game wo n't work . I 'm hoping it was just incompetent software programming that could n't catch the bug my 6-year old caught the first time around . Or maybe they just do n't care about the problems , so long as you get our 20 bucks . If you do n't want a crying little girl , avoid this game !
 DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM IF YOU HAVE A MACINTOSH !!! It ONLY runs on `` Classic OS 9 '' , which is an operating system over 8 years old . It does NOT run on OS X at all . A HUGE disappointment and clearly false advertising ! Also , the company , BSL Mart , is very difficult to contact . There is no phone number , you can only send them e-mails . Also , the return slip was already peeled off on the packaging slip , so it is obvious that someone else already returned it and BSL Mart just slapped it right back in the package and shipped it off again anyway without even looking at it . My 5-year old daughter was so upset -- we had ordered this as a reward for her good behavior as well as doing her chores and the game is so out-dated it wo n't even work on a Mac OS 10.3.9 - the Panther version , which was the lowest operating system we could find . PATHETIC . I also placed this in dispute with my Visa card company , and they did put it in dispute but also informed me that in order for it to stick I have to get a `` second opinion letter '' from a `` qualified merchant '' who knows about video games ! So I HAVE TO DO THE LEGWORK TO GET THIS $ -LSB- ... -RSB- removed from my bill - not BSL Mart ! You talk about furious . I will never do business with them again . I also will never purchase a game from Amazon unless the ad SPECIFICALLY states hat it will run on a CURRENT operating system . -LRB- DUH ?! -RRB- If there had been a phone number to call before I purchased it I would have but there is none . SAD .
 This game is pretty exciting and it is very nice and it is really creative and one of a kind . The only bad thing is that there is only one `` castle '' for the kids to `` decorate '' and once you are done with the whole castle that is basically it . You either have to create a new username for yourself to do it all over again or you get another game like I did . My sister finished the `` castle '' in about 2 hours and after that has never even looked at this game anymore . It is a nice game and it is fun but it is not really worth that much money .
 NEGATIVE
 fun easy game if you can keep it from freezing . I 've reinstalled it and done everything I know to do to correct the issue . It 's a shame my 4yr old really likes it .
 My daughter wanted this for a few months before I finally gave in and bought it for her . She was so excited . We got home and played it for one hour hoping that something different or better would happen . The game was so so boring . You get to choose music , outfits , and which of the three skaters to skate . That is IT . Everything else is controlled automatically by the game . Barbie does everything perfectly whether you do or not . My daughter has n't played it since and is so disapointed in it . The store I bought it from wo n't let me return it because it has been opened . They will let me exchange it for the exact same game but hello that is the problem . This game was a waste of time and money .
 My daughter -LRB- almost four -RRB- begged for this game all holiday season . It was the sweetest thing , because she shyly told Santa this is what she wanted , and told people all December that Santa would bring it for her . Well , he did , and his reputation is tarnished in our house now!She was bored with it the first time she played with it . Your child 's interaction consists of choosing which girl of three to skate -LRB- fun -RRB- , choosing which outfit of five to wear -LRB- fun -RRB- and pressing the up or down arrow to make Barbie skate faster or slower to do the jumps -LRB- zzzz -RRB- . Not by your own choice , you move the arrow to match the color of the line on the ice.Freestyle mode was n't much better -- go ` round and ` round in circles . There may be more to it but who cares at this point?My own personal mommy beef
 I did n't buy this game , becuase I can tell by the pictures that Barbie has very bad skating technique -LRB- see below -RRB- . This game is not for kids who want to have fun while seeing a good skating program.Pictures on Amazon1 -RRB- Box picture -- I ca n't tell whether or not Barbie is stroking or doing a bad spiral ? Either her leg is too high if she is stroking , or her body and leg are not in the right position if she is doing a spiral .2 -RRB- Layback -- Although it 's hard to see , it looks like Barbie might be spinning on her toe pick .3 -RRB- Split jump -- Barbie does not have enough skating muscle for the jump . She is also not kicking her boots up.Pictures on vugames -LRB- makers of the game -RRB- 1 -RRB- Stroking -- Barbie 's body is crooked . She does n't have her weight over her stroking leg , and her body is leaning to the side . I 've never seen anyone stroke like this .
 My daughter received this cd for Christmas . It is very slow loading lots of wait time for things to happen . When she finally chose the skater and where she should skate -LRB- only one choice worked -RRB- , my daughter kept asking what she could do now . Most of the time we were watching Barbie skate beautifully . Not very interactive . I consider this a waste of space on my computer , a waste of time for us to use . I would recommend saving your money and get something worthwhile .
 In the words of my 6 year old niece
 Like many of the Barbie CD Roms , the playtime is limited - averaging about 5 mins for each of my two daughters -LRB- ages 5 & 7 -RRB- . Like the Barbie movies and other CD Roms the graphics are poorly done .
 I bought this for my 4 year old 's birthday . While I think the graphics are really great , the concept stinks . My daughter told me she thinks it is boring -LRB- and she LOVES Barbie -RRB- and last night she even said she hates it ! At least my 15 month old screams with delight at the graphics when her older sister plays with it .
 I bought this game because I am a figure skating fan and found the Barbie Gymnastics to be well done , so I thought that this would be too . It was an absolute waste of money . The graphics are awful and the game play is far too simplistic . There is nothing to strive for in the game and it is too easy to pass onto the next level . I ca n't imagine a child above the age of 3 or 4 getting any enjoyment from this game .
 This is the WORST CD-ROM game I have ever seen ! My 7-year-old daughter longed for this game all Christmas season and she is bored out of her mind with it after one hour . It is slow , skippy , etc. running on a new computer ! Do n't waste your money like we did , skip right over this dud .
 I bought the disk . I did n't trust the download wersion . I went to install it , and at the end of the installation , you click on `` finish '' and it is supposed to activate something that emails to you an `` activation '' key . That did n't happen . I tried to contact the company tech support . I get form replies , no activation key . This is aggrivating , and makes me want to PUKE . I could have bought a different morphing software , one where you do n't HAVE to get their so called activation key , and I 'd have had an enjoyable day . But , No . I bought this one , and am wishing I had NOT !!! They need to fix this system , so that it is easy to get this so called activation key , if they insist on using it . I spent houras just trying to get in touch with the company . Very poor documentation . And after I sent in 4 to 5 emails asking for the stupid key , I still have no key.My advice
 This software is not user friendly . The samples do n't help . I would imagine that if I sat down for a few hundred hours I could figure out were the dots go . The whole interface just does n't make any sense . It 's very time consuming . Total waste of 30 dollars at the Apple store .
 I bought this software one month ago . I was required to immediately update it to fix problems that existed with the version I bought . I was able to navigate the program with ease and build a slide show with-in minutes . Now , for the bad news . It would not burn onto a cd-r as described . I contacted v-coms tech support and received a response within a day or two . The patch did not fix the problem and now after several attempts to reach them again , it seems I am stuck with another neat idea that does n't work . Still waiting for help .
 I tried this software as an alternative to ULead 's DVD PictureShow . The good news
 It was n't long before I realized I just wasted -LRB- my money -RRB- on this near worthless software . No transitions effects/No ability to burn multiple albums to a VCD/Horrible music timimng ! / No SVCD support/Music drop outs during slideshow . Sorry but I ca n't recomend thissoftware to anyone !!!
 I received this software as `` bonus '' with Photo Explosion Delux . It 's terrible . Was easy to create the slideshow and it looked great on my computer . Tried it on 2 DVDs and it did n't play . Tried to re-record it on a CD-RW and it still did n't work ! It did run on my husband 's laptop , but out of 6 computers I tried it on at work it only was recognized on 1 ! Very frustrating software . SAVE YOU MONEY FOR SOMETHING BETTER .
 I just recently purchased this near worthless software and found out very quickly that I just wasted -LSB- my money -RSB- ! The music timing is all up to you ! -LRB- so why did I buy this program ? -RRB- They give you a chart and you must arrange the number of pictures to fit the music or else your slides end in an awkward manner without music or overrun . Yes you can adjust the time for all the slides but it 's in 1 second intervals and in a 50 picture show that 's 50 secondsa show you can be off by because you ca n't adjust each frame it 's all or nothing . ...
 This product is anything but fast , complete , and easy as it claims to be . Unless , you already own Powerpoint it is also useless . You can not add text or graphics to your photos unless it is done in powerpoint and imported into DVD photoplay . As far as adding background music good luck . The instructions tell you to compress the files and then combine into one large file then once you go to burn the cd it wo n't recognize the audio size you were told to convert to.I would not recommend this product to anyone . The concept is great one but failed miserably in it is claim to be fast , complete , easy , and flexible .
 I got the 1.04 version with Photo Explosion . The CD slide show feature was the main reason I bought PE . I did n't realize at the time it was Bonus Software , and not PE that did this.I 've had mixed success . I have created a VCD using my Win ME system -LRB- 128 MB RAM -RRB- with about 30 or so photos and music . OK there 's not much you can do with the music , but I do n't care , I just want to send photos around on CD , not do fancy , timed , multi-media presentations.When I tried to make a CD with 130 photos -LRB- about 100 MB total project size -RRB- , PhotoPlay wrote the slide show , then caused the OS to thrash about for memory for about 15 minutes , and aborted without writing the PC player software to the CD . -LRB- I could head the disk seeking , so I assume ME was doing a virtual memory dance -RRB- I tried to write the same project using Win 2K Pro , SP 3 , 256 MB RAM . It did even worse . It tried for 20 + minutes to format the show before giving up . Not a byte was written to the CD.Keep in mind the FAQs on their web site indicate 500 photos and 700 MB CDs can be made.I tried the same project , again , on a Win XP Pro system -LRB- do n't know the RAM size -RRB- and it worked as expected.Results
 I got this as bonus software on a Photo Explosion Deluxe package . I installed it , I made sure my photos were . jpgs , etc. . I mean , I 'm not stupid and I can read the simple instructions . It previewed on my computer just fine . I 'm running XP-Home . Anyway , I ca n't burn the CD ... it goes through the motions then it gives me one of 4 different reasons it wo n't burn . I called Tech Support . One guy was really rude , the next guy was good and said he 'd send a new installation disk that day . Two weeks later , I got it . Uninstalled the program , reinstalled from the new disk , and OH BOY ! A FIFTH ERROR MESSAGE . My computer is new , fast , and has an extra graphics card . 10GB hard drive , 512 , the works . I am so sorry I got so excited about this worthless piece of software . BUY SOMETHING ELSE !
 Effects is n't the only Adobe product in the CS3 family that crashes . We are having issues with all of them . Photoshop which does n't normally import huge files is now crashing our Mac G4 . I 'm running Sony 's Vegas Video at home which has quite a few `` effects '' add-ons available from other vendors . If Adobe does n't straighten this out maybe Sony will take up the slack .
 The software is nice to work with , not very simple to use but usable none the less . The only problem I 've encountered with this software is the notoriously bad encoder with memory leaks up to wazoo . If you try to encode a large movie file into mpeg2 premiere will more than likely crash on you due to bad memory management . The only solution so far is to simply restart the system and pray it would n't happen again . Although from my experience it seems to work the 3rd time you try . I have tried this on two brand new machines one with a new XP 32bit install and both expereienced the same issue .
 I purchased Adobe Premiere CS3 , Soundbooth and AfterEffects hoping the massive package would let me do most anything with video , DVD 's , and so on . You ca n't even take video off a DVD onto your computer , crop it and resave it ... it leaves out the audio . I found numerous forums discussing this . I tried renaming from VOB to MPG . Premiere wo n't import the audio . You have to download and install several separate programs to modify/convert VOB , and spend hours of reading and research , and download special plug-ins for Adobe Premiere , just to get the video and audio into Premiere . Then ... it still did n't work . The funny thing about it , I can copy the DVD video -LRB- . vob file -RRB- to my hard drive , and play both the audio and video from the hard drive simply using the free Windows Media Player . I can capture stills from it using PowerDVD that came with my Dell PC . Yet , this expensive program -- made for video ! -- ca n't simply crop out sequences of audio/video from the . vob and resave it and burn it back to DVD with both audio and video . Wow . Sad . Dreamweaver is great . Some versions of Photoshop are pretty good -LRB- but require a class just to learn the basics -RRB- . But Premiere -- terrible in my opinion . FOLLOW-UP
 I purchased CA 's antivirus software because I had read some good reviews . After purchasing I downloaded the most current version . I installed it on one of three PCs in the house . All reasonably new and powerful Dells
 My ISP offered Computer Associates/e-Trust EZ Antivirus for free , so I tried it out instead of upgrading my Norton Antivirus . Installation was easy , full system scan was fast , and the user interface was simple ... maybe a little too simple . EZ Antivirus lacked the sophisticated scanning ability that Norton had , the only setting options in EZ AV were ` on ' or ` off ' settings for Email , auto update , and Real time scanning.EZ AV claimed to have Email protection , but I never saw it scan any of my emails , neither incoming nor outgoing.While scanning , EZ Antivirus showed no errors or incomplete scans , but in exploring the activity log I found several failed scans for certain files . I ran the update utility and scanned the system again , but still had failed scans showing in the activity log eventhough the status window claimed the scan was complete . ... Was the Antivirus working or not?I desided to uninstall EZ Antivirus and upgrade to Norton Antivirus 2005 . So far , so good ... I 'm able to see everything Norton AV does in my system , and have more control over the antivirus settings .
 at first this seems like the perfect antirvirus program ... cheap , uses up very minimal resources , simple to use . . lifetime subscription for free . . what could be wrong?EVERYTHING . see , the problem is n't that this program ca n't find viruses . . the problem is IT FINDS THEM AND DOES N'T DO ANYTHING WITH THEM . that 's right , it leaves the viruses right there !! how is that useful in any way ? i looked in options to make sure it cleaned or deleted viruses , but still the log report would announce to me '' -LRB- this many -RRB- viruses could not be deleted or cleaned . '' well , thanks for nothing . i 'm going to return this and get a real antivirus program .
 Bought the 2005 program in the spring . I 've been using this program for about 4 months , now the program prompts me to renew my subcription . I ca n't manually run a virus scan because the program requests that I renew my subcription . Other programs give you one year of use before renewing . I 'm not certain if this product is working correctly . I 'm going to use a different product instead .
 I downloaded EZ Antivirus trial version from CA and Installed it on my laptop -LRB- XP Professional SP1 -RRB- . After installation the software started scanning automatically , which I allowed it to do and left my laptop alone . The laptop caught my attention when it started rebooting again and again . I realized my hard disk was also making a lot of noise.I went to CA 's website and could n't find any number to call . So I started web chat with their support . The support said that I might have installed the software with another anti-virus already working on my laptop . As per him , now only Microsoft can fix my problem . He said he would escalate the issue and copy me the email , which I 'm still awaiting.To fix my hard disk I tried XP setup , Restore disks , and even reformatting the hard disk . Nothing works . I had to throw the hard disk.So just a friendly warning ... stay away !!!
 If you are security minded and choose to use an e-mail client like Thunderbird or the bundled Opera e-mail client this program will NOT protect you ! Not only that , but the fact that CA Anti-virus will ONLY work with MS Outlook or Outlook Express is not revealed in any documentation . I found this out the hard way when a manual scan found a virus in my Opera mail folder and could n't clean or quarantine it ! The CA tech confirmed that the AV program only works with MS e-mail clients . To me this is false advertising !!!
 It does n't scan incoming or outgoing e-mail and has no firewall protection , but then it 's only about $ 20 so as long as it stopped viruses from coming in or , at the very least , innoculated any that managed to sneak by , I 'd be okay with that.I checked a review at another site -LRB- by a company , not an individual -RRB- and it said this was the fastest program they tested . Well , I 've got a pretty decent computer and yet the program took over 10 hours , yes HOURS , to complete . The program started running at 5am but did n't finish until 3:30 pm ... 10 1/2 hours later . Perhaps it pauses whenever the screen saver goes on ? But if that 's why it took so long , that 's bad programming because most people do n't sit there and babysit their PCs when they run antivirus programs AND if they did have that problem , it should tell you to shut your screen saver off . -LRB- The program does not include a booklet , only 1 sheet with nothing but installation instructions . -RRB- When it did finish , it just closed down , it did n't give me any result information . Were there any viruses on my PC ? Did it repair infected files?I reopened the program and clicked on the log icon -LRB- one of the few features available -RRB- , scrolled down and saw `` Unable to open file - file not scanned '' and `` scan incomplete '' on EVERY file listed . It said it did not find any viruses but , then again , it did n't open over 400 possibly infected files . I downloaded a free antivirus program by AVG and scanned my PC with that . It took about an hour and found several viruses AND removed them -LRB- most free scanners just find them then you have to buy the full version to have the viruses removed -RRB- . The only icons and pull down menu items available include several on how to view your Windows Explorer directories within the file -LRB- full tree , large icons , small icons , multi-column , etc. -RRB- but that comprises most of your program options . There is a `` Go '' -LRB- start -RRB- button , a `` Stop '' button and a `` Log '' button to view the log file . There are a few more items but it 's pretty limited.When a free limited antivirus program has more features and can find AND clean more than a program you pay for , then no matter what the price , you paid too much .
 I switched to CA Antivirus from Norton which was slowing down my 3.2 gig XP system . I had no problems with it and was content until it was time to renew my license . One month before renewal time the program 's renewal module kicked in . after EVERY boot up the module would sit in memory until I connected to the internet . at which time it would automatically ask me to renew and opened up my default web browser to the renewal site . After 4 days of this I felt my back was against the wall and renewed my license , -LRB- I did like the program -RRB- . Unfortunately that was not the end of it . I received no confirmation of purchase from the company until 15 DAYS AFTER RENEWAL PURCHASE . Yes my order was listed in the website , and yes the automatic reminder continued every single boot up and connection . after a week of calling Customer service -LRB- 4x -RRB- and getting the runaround I found turning on my computer so unpleasant that I searched around and found another program which was less intrusive and Just as effective if not more so . I managed to still maintain an acceptable level of computer footprint so that my resorces are not taxed as with Norton or Mcafee as well . It was a shame because I liked the product but the Greed Module kicked in and ruined the program for me . - Switched to Kaspersky . There are many other very good antivirus programs out there , you just have to do a little digging .
 DONT BUY OR EVEN INSTALL A TRIAL OF THIS SOFTWARE UNTIL YOU READ THIS !!! I tried this program on a recommendation from the Microsoft web site , that should have been a warning right there . On install the etrust antivirus software -LRB- nothing else just antivirus -RRB- broke my Zone Alarm firewall , interrupted internet browsing and caused the system to hang up . I uninstalled it and have tried installing other antivirus programs since then but none of them will install ; they keep popping up with guess what error message ? That 's right , please uninstall Etrust antivirus software , it is incompatible with our software . I 've emailed Etrust and tried thier ` live ' online chat and get no response . The software is evil , it looks like I will have to format my hard drive to get rid of it . I can find no related keys in the registry to clean by hand . Do n't repeat my mistake !!!
 I got this product in April and exactly two months later it said my subscription had expired and I needed to renew in order to keep receiving updates for antivirus protection.I wrote to the company and a week later they sent me a reply . The reply was to go to their update center and to renew . I sure was n't going to pay again for something I only had for two months and its suppose to last for a year.I 'll be going back to my trusted Norton Antivirus , it may be slow but at least I only have to buy it once a year .
 Once my year-long subscription expired , I have been unable to uninstall CA ETrust . It now pops up a nag window about every 20 minutes , and when you click exit , it pops up a browser window and takes you to CA 's web page . I have tried uninstalling many different ways to no avail . This has been going on for months and makes my computer painful to use.My attempts to reach support are futile . Their support page does n't work in my browser -LRB- IE 6.0 -RRB- and the phone line is pay -LRB- which I will probably end up paying -RRB- . This is much worse than a virus . At least with a virus I can go buy Norton and clean things up .
 Yes , it 's easy to install , configure and use . The footprint is small and it does n't hog resources . That 's the good news . The bad news is that this software 's virus detection rate is abysmal and the company 's tech support is worse . So , in short , do n't * trust * it.Two examples , starting with tech support . After building a new computer , I had several blue screens -LRB- stop errors , BSODs -RRB- and my analysis seemed to indicate that EZ Antivirus was at least partially responsible . I emailed support with all the relevant info . Their -LRB- paraphrased -RRB- reply
 Beware . This game does not work with Windows XP . The vendor said that it would work on any XP Version except Media-Center , but I have XP Pro and it crashes there despite changing compatibility settings to older versions and changing the video resolution . I suspect that it 's like another game we purchased that worked fine when XP first came out , but Windows Auto Update changed something that destroyed compatibility with old Win 98 games like this.We have it up and running on an 11 year old laptop with Win 98 , but it 's too CPU intensive to run properly on that old thing.The game seems OK for the right PC and operating system though ...
 I kept getting the following error on Windows 2000 `` monsters1.exe has encountered a problem and needs to close '' when launching Disney/Pixar 's Mike 's Monstrous Adventure -LRB- Windows 2000 -RRB- All my drivers are the latest . Do see what the problem was and the Disney website is of no help . I may have to return the product if I dont get this working
 I kept getting an error message when trying to install it . I ended up having to return it unfortunately . sorry
 this game is just like all the other nickelodeon games ; bad graphics , too many codes and pointless goalsi was stupid enough to buy it without renting it from a video store first . just as i did with 5 nickelodeon game boy games that were way overpriced . please dont be as stupid as i was ... i suggest you DO NOT buy it .
 If you want a game for the whole family to enjoy , get Shrek.Just because the cartoons may be good , does n't mean the game is.My 6 year-old does n't like it .
 This game is a piece of ... . The system requirements on the box are misleading . It is tough to explain to a six year old that his brand new game ca n't be played until you upgrade your video card , even though no reference was made to it on the box.And when the game finally works it looks like a hybrid of 2000 technology meets 1977 graphics .
 This game is ridiculously hard for a game with `` Nickelodeon '' on it . I was expecting something easy that my 5 yr old would like to play . Spongebob and Tommy let us down . Hard . Very little point to the game on multiplayer , some of the levels I -LRB- a gamer of many years -RRB- can not figure out the moves to and in the end the case makes a great coaster . My daughter is a much bigger fan of Cel Damage and Rayman Arena . XBox needs more kids games , but this one was a waste of money . I wo n't be taken in by the `` Nickelodeon '' name again .
 This game is only for kids and if you play the game for a while you will get bored unless you are usually the age of 8 or under . The game is cute . I 'm not looking for cute games . I mean shooting water , getting slimed , and doing a food fight is for kids . When you buy it , you will only like the games for probably like the game for 3 days unless you are a big Nickelodeon freak .
 I am sad to say after being so excited to get my kids this game it is horrible . Do n't waste your time . Save your money and wait for a better , or get a different game . IGN.com gave this game a 1.1 out of 10 also . Which I read after playing it . Sadly this game is only frustrating and no fun . Save your MONEY !
 I was excited when I first saw this game . We are always looking for a game for our young children to play . There it just not enough games for young children on x-box . This game was a big disappointment ! There did not seem to be much of a goal to shoot for while playing . There are so many players on the screen at once that it is difficult to fine your player . It just was NOT FUN !
 This game is the worst Nickelodeon game I have ever played . It has horrible graphics and I do n't think it portrays any Nickelodeon character at all .
 We got this game for our 7 year old when xbox still had so few little kids games . This is the worst game we have ever purchased . It is hard to figure out ... hard to play ... and hard to see what you are doing . It just feels like pushing all kinds of buttons until the game ends.Also ... many levels that my daughter would want to play are ` locked ' and the game is so hard to win that she will never get to play them.The game has been collecting dust since the 1st week we bought it .
 I can not rate this item since I can not load it , it will NOT run on Windows XP , you must have Windows 95 which makes it pretty much obsolete . It does not say this clearly in the product description
 This program does have some good hiking information but it is not very user friendly at all . The maps are the worst part of it , you can either look at a small general state map or zoom to a trail map NOTHING in-between . If you want to find trails -LRB- and do n't know the trail name -RRB- you have to guess on the state which only lists major cities . All you can do is click on the small state map and hope it is near the town you are looking for . If you know the trail name then it is OK . My advice is save your money and use the internet because there are many hiking web sites that have the same or more trail information and are a lot easier to use .
 Like someone else said , I 'd give it zero stars if I could . I took four years of high school French and I bought this program with the misplaced hope of being able to brush up on my pronunciation , conversation and vocab.However , the second I popped the CD in , I knew I 'd made a mistake . The whole thing is set up in a really useless way with ambitious expectations.Throughout , you are only taught limited vocabulary , then , in the dictation section , are asked to understand a horrible computer simulated voice speaking French to you.The `` interactive games '' are something a five year old would be bored with and , honestly , I got so irritated at the lack of advancement that I threw the whole thing away.Even as someone with a relatively extensive background in the language , I found this to be a difficult program to use because of it 's confusing set-up . Plus , you do n't really have the chance to advance your skills since everytime you use the program , it 's the same material ... just in a different order.Avoid this program if you really want to learn the language and spend an extra $ 20 - $ 30 on something that works .
 Instant Immersion French is poor when it comes to teaching you French . I was just unable to learn from this program unlike some other programs which have helped me . Beware this product , I would consider a different company 's product over this one . I have also tried French Now by Transparent Language and found that it taught me French quite well .
 This product is really a disappointment . There are no menus and no lessons one , two , etc. . On CD 1 you learn some basic words and then on CD 2 there is nothing but French . The other CDs are not much more help . I bought this program to learn French and now I 'm considering not wasting my time , trashing it and starting again .
 It should have got 0 rating . You could buy a English-French dictionary instead of buying this . This does not ` teach ' you anything . Do not spend your heard earned money on this
 It 's a waste of money , do n't buy it . The phonetics tools are good , but there is no chance anyone would learn English with this 5-CDs version , and also is too basic for people who want to improve their English command . I 've found better stuff for free in Internet .
 5 disks that are related in title only . Very difficult for non-english speaker to set up . Poor graphics . This is not for someone trying to learn English as a foriegn language . I 'm here on Amazon to buy something different .
 I am a college student who was looking for software to help me learn german . I bought this because it was the first thing i came across . I can already speak french in addition to my native language english . The first cd will introduce you to a series of basic nouns , food , body parts , time , useful inanimate objects and colors . The second cd throws you into a sort of game , however even the instructions for the game are in solid german . The questions are not only german but very hard to understand , even after mastering the first cd . The speaker is too fast on the third cd -LRB- talk to me 3.0 -RRB- , and the interactive picture dictionary fails to have a decent selection of anything but nouns . I never played the last cd `` who is oscar lake '' . All in all its an ok set of cds to help one memorize nouns . There are lots of games to play and fun ways to help one memorize . However there is absolutely no aid in german grammar . I actually had to look up , on my own , the very basics in sentence structure , such as object pronouns , definite and indefinite articles , verb conjugations and even simple prepositions necessary to give even the most banal of sentences cohesion . This software may be satisfactory as a supplement to help with nouns , but that is all , i would look to other companies for a self education .
 For starters , all the content offered would have easily fit on a single CD-ROM , so their offering so many disks reminds of bogus language courses from the past which had 30 or so cassettes or videocassetes , each with about 10 minutes or so of playback . Each area of the course is essentially worthless . To just describe one disk , the vocabulary disk has about 2,000 or so words almost randomly chosen . Very few of the essential words of the language appear , and instead hundreds of terms deal with country names and things you do n't need to know your first days , such as cufflinks and redcurrant.It is true that pictures and videos help remember words , but the images are thoroughly depressing and -LSB- sad -RSB- on many ocassions . For example , the woman in the `` kiss '' term looks like she is doing so forcibly , and in general any picture or video -LRB- one in about 30 definitions has a 2 or 3 second video -RRB- in which people of any age appear seem to either have a great dislike for the photographer , or for life in general . It is rather disturbing to see such suffering when one is trying to learn a new language.The other disks are even more worthless , and everything has a depressing quality to it . Needless to say , I sent it back , and will instead try another product . I recommend staying far away from this one !
 This is a budget title , I realize , but there are still some serious deficiencies in this game . I bought the game before reading any reviews on it , so I just took a chance.From looking at the box , you would think this was some kind of `` sports management '' take on gladiatorial combat , or a fighting game , perhaps , but when you go to play the game , it 's just a squad-based RTS game . The combat is like Freedom Force , only much less refined and the end effect is a slow-paced affair to what should be quick and flashy . I really think they could have done better with a `` train gladiator , pick fights for him , watch fights '' sports management approach than the micromanagement RTS style they chose here . So the actual gameplay is n't very original or fresh , something that I think can be redeeming for a budget game with otherwise low production values . To top it off , the interface is a bit clunky - forget repeat attacks or chaining together commands using the shift key or anything like that.Only buy this game if the subject interests you and you like real-time squad-based strategy games , and are willing to put up with alot of nits . Personally , I think there are better games out there , though . Even better budget games . Try `` Shark
 Like others I took a chance on this hoping for a different angle on a first person sim , or management fight game , and should really not have bothered . The gameplay is pretty straightforward , but even with a 256MB video card , the graphics are pretty bland , and the gameplay slow . It 's also another game where there are too few levels of play to actually be able to achieve all the game has to offer . For example , there is a good interactive section of equipment , fighting slaves , upgrades and impressive array of weapons , but financial constraints and sheer playing time invloved make them almost inaccessible . Another main complaint would be -LRB- for me at least -RRB- an easy boredom threshold - this game could have , and should have been much better , despite the price .
 I received this item as a gift to prepare for my vacation in Italy . This CD is good for a young child who just wants to learn very , very basic words and phrases . You learn a handful of phrases you might need but that is about it . And the other customer was correct , the 2nd CD in Talk Now is completely italian and contains words and complete sentences that were never even introduced in the first CD . If you want to have your 7 yr old child impress his/her grandparents by knowing how to count in Italian or know how to say colors in Italian , this is great . However if you want to learn to actually somewhat converse in Italian , skip this CD .
 Bought version 2.0 of this at a local bricks & mortar retailer . I could n't get the software on disc 1 to work . Exchanged the disc - tried it on a few different computers but no luck , so I 'm shopping for something else now .
 I am not very pleased with this product for a couple reasons . First off this product did not teach me much of the Italian language , which is its whole purpose . Secondly , I felt very lost from one part to another it just seemed very unclear as to what I was always supposed to be doing . My advice is to consider a competitor 's product before this one . A good alternative product to look at would be Italian Now by Transparent Language , which is very well done .
 This set is fine if you only want to learn Spanish in the Castillian accent . Castillian is a rare accent that you will encounter in certain areas of Spain . No Latin American countries use Castillian ! You 'd be better off with a different set of software if you truly want to learn the Spanish that most native speakers use .
 Lousy , could n't be worse . Is n't worth the small amount of money.Wasn ' t worth the wait for delivery.Makes me more careful in the future about cheap products .
 This is BAD ! It was so bad , I returned it . The virtual people look cheap , like cardboard , and they keep repeating the same word until you just want to scream ! Trust me , I 'm not just saying this to be mean , it 's the truth . If you do n't believe me , just buy it , and then you 'll see .
 NOT VERY GOOD AT ALL ! there are four discs , the only useful one is the first disc . it starts out by teaching you basic vocab ... how to say bathroom , silverware , fruits , food items , how to tell time , colors , numbers and stuff like that . but then u put in the second disc and its speaking ENTIRELY in Japanese and it 's impossible to understand whats going on or what youre supposed to do by just what you learned on the first disc . also there are interactive games to help u learn and remember , but the games are easy and repetitive and get boring fast ! Not a good tool for learning Japanese ... disappointing = -LRB-
 Your money would be better spent on a book that teaches you grammar AND vocabulary . This set comes with no directions , just a bunch of CDs in a box . Using the software isnt explained , the games are useless as you can win just by clicking all over , you dont have to learn anything.Learning phrases isnt helpful for any language if you dont know how to take vocabulary and form your own phrases.Honestly this is a waste of cash . Get a book . If you need pronunciation help buy a book with an audio disc included .
 Disk # 1 - too few wordsDisk # 2 - starts with based on reading ; but there are no lessons on how to readetc
 I 'm not sure if this is the exaxt same product , because the one I have has 6 cd 's in it , but it 's Instant Immersion Japanese , so I 'm going with it.This was given to me by a friend who 's trying to learn Japanese because he found it worthless , as in way too difficult for a beginner . I also found it too difficult . I gave it to a japanese friend of mine and he said it 's correct but there 's no way a westerner is going to learn Japanese from it.I found the whole approach ineffective . They did n't lie when they said it 's instant immersion , they just immediately start speaking Japanese at a normal rate and do n't let up , rarely if ever pausing to let you know what they said . I can learn more Japanese by watching imported DVD 's than I can with this , at least there you get some some context clues and some gesticulation if you 're observant.I know it 's cheap , but you generally get what you pay for . Pimsleur is expensive but worth every penny . It 's only weakness is that you have to get your expanded vocabulary elsewhere , but the grammar and pronunciation are outstanding . Rosetta stone is great for vocabulary , but weak in grammar ... the two work fantastic together if you do n't mind the cost - but education is expensive . You 're better off spending the money for one or two good programs than you are dropping 40 or 50 dollars a pop on cheap programs over and over until you find one you can actually learn something from.This may be a very good addition to an ongoing study , but do n't get your hopes up if you 're a complete beginner and this is the only program you 're planning to buy . You 'll be lucky if you learn how to hail a taxi .
 Sorry it 's so looong = DThis is the worst teaching product I have EVER seen ! It is simply an illogical way to teach a language . They really do mean `` Instant Immersion '' . The first disk is okay.They really start you off on a beginners ' level -LRB- basic words , phrases , numbers , foods , and all that other good stuff ... -RRB- . The second disk is completely in Japanese , and sure they give you a clue or a hint here and there , but there is no way for a beginner to understand what is trying to be said . The Third disk is a pretty good book , but it does n't cover everything , and the fourth disk is a translator that is hard to figure out unless you read the guide for it.I have read a couple of the previous reviews that people have written , and I am shocked that some of them think that it is the BEST possible program you could buy!For an example of what some people said :1 -RRB- It 's an inexpensive program - sure it 's cheaper than others but it will also give you a cheap -LRB- poor -RRB- education in the language!You get what you pay for and the cheapest programs may not be the best . I 'm NOT saying that all of the expensive ones ARE the best , but I 'm saying that you should do more reasearch into something before you buy it . You know , find out all of the pros AND cons.If a LOT of people say it is n't good , then I would n't buy it .2 -RRB- It 's fast - I hate when companies promise something that works fast . I can understand being a busy person , but if you think you can learn something without having to do a little work!Just because something is fast does n't mean it 's the best quality ... and half of the companies that promise fast results are usually the ones that do n't come through.Besides half of the programs that you learn faster with are the ones that no one is willing to use -LRB- example
 From the descriptions of the programmes on the box , I thought that this could be helpful -- at least , that `` Human Japanese '' would . This is NOT the `` quickest way to learn a language '' ; if it 's quick , it 's only because it teaches you very little . `` Talk Now '' is VERY basic . It teaches greetings , colours , numbers , food , etc. words by saying each word/expression for you -LRB- and showing it on the screen -- though it tends to use kanji , which I do n't find too suitable , especially if you keep in mind that the people using this CD are complete beginners , many of whom are n't even completely familiar with romanisation -RRB- with a rather scratchy recording . Then you can record yourself and then listen to see how you match with the example speaker -LRB- s -RRB- -- but this is not like the more expensive software in which the programme itself actually compares the two . Then there 's some practice , and you go on to the next category . Again , you only learn REALLY basic words -- `` hai , '' `` iie , '' `` konnichi wa , '' `` konban wa , '' `` takushii , '' `` koohii , '' `` sakana , '' `` Nihon , '' `` Amerika , '' `` aka , '' etc. . And in the end , most people probably wo n't be able to remember too much of what they `` learned '' -- so much for `` instant immersion , '' especially when there is n't any context for the words . Seriously , it does n't seem too practical to teach people the names of random countries without even giving them a sentence -LRB- pattern -RRB- . What are you going to have people do -- walk up to maps and point as they name the countries they know from the CD?World Talk may utilise `` immersion '' -LRB- finally -- something as advertised -RRB- , but unless you have at least some background in the language , you 'll be quite confused -- and this `` background '' CAN NOT be attained in what is basically a basic word list which is the `` programme '' `` Talk Now . '' Even right at the beginning , when they ask you to type your name
 BEWARE of Immersion 's ` Help ' site - I clicked on Help for their ` dictionary ' which made no sense and had stopped working - and it send me to their site ; while I read trying to figure out how it even worked - it was ADDING things to my computer as I was reading without letting me know it was doing so . What it added was jibberish.Haven ' t been able to remove all of the files it added . Not even sure how many got added before started having problems with my computer.AVOID there ` HELP ' in the ` dictionary ' - which does n't make sense -LRB- maybe to those who are advanced it might make some sense but did certain is of NO help to a beginner.Also it says that the dictionary part can work without the CD but have n't found that to be the case - it comes up but wo n't do anything AT ALL - except take you to that BAD ` help ' site.The dictionary itself makes no sense , at least certainly not to a beginner.However , if you leave the CD for the dictionary in the drive - and go to File and Open Study list - there is a list for Hiragana and one for Katakana - click on the one you want to practice using Flashcards with - then go to Options and Study List and then to Flashcards.This will open up another window and you can practice using the flashcard.The only odd thing is that sometimes it puts an X in front of the letter - like XEIf you get it right it turns GREENIf you get it right but it has an X in front of it for some reason - have n't seen this anywhere except here - then it turns YELLOW , I just ignore the x and hit enter and it goes to the next cardif it is wrong it Stays RED - can click on the button below it labeled ` READING ' and it will show what it is - can then just hit enter to go to next or enter it.Still would NOT recommend Immersion software.Nor Berlitz -LRB- Japanese did n't even work on XP -RRB- but their Spanish has flashcards which work.Have not found anything I would strongly recommend in the inexpensive versions - have n't tried the pricey ones and after these I will just stick to books and audios instead . There are plenty of flashcards available without having to get software for just that.When I would read others recommendation to stick to books instead of these software products I would get frustrated because I wanted recommendation for some software that would be helpful , after all we are in the age of computers - but now I understand why after using these software products the only thing that can be recommended is a book/audio products.So far for TEXTBOOK I have liked Human Japanese . But it is a TEXTBOOK on Computer not really software program since there is no real interaction to help with learning or to check for retaining - just mainly reading - has STROKE order that you can Click on and See being Written out . Can hear most , but not all , of what is written in Japanese - and it does go through the Hiragana and Katakana - including the g , etc - but mainly about how to write , not really to help remember/learn . No tests , just hearing .
 I just receive the product and installed the Spanish language program . Basically you are given a menu of sorts which allows you to select a subject area such as `` food '' , `` parts of the body '' , `` common phrases '' etc. . For each area you can browse pictures dealing with the subject area and hear people pronounce each word as you click on it . You can then take quizzes to test how well you recall the words.While I do n't necessarily believe that you need to be able to do 47 conjugations of every verb , -LRB- I ca n't even tell you what a subjunctive imperfect is in English and I can still speak it ! -RRB- I had hoped for a little more comprehensive treatment of the language . The products from Transparent software although they do n't go about teaching in a structured way either at least have the advantage of giving thousands of examples in the context of sentences and paragraphs for those who can learn inductively . This product will teach a bunch of words -LRB- mostly nouns -RRB- and a few common phrases but not a lot else.I expect to make use of this product from time to time as a picture dictionary so it was probably worth the $ 9 I paid for it , but it would not have been worth much more .
 BioTutor is the worst educational software I have ever purchased . I trusted the reviews that were posted and was a total fool for doing so . It is simply pretest questions with written explanations if you need them . I ca n't believe they consider this interactive . I could get this from doing the pretests in the back of my book . I will be sending this software back !
 I was convinced that after the great reviews of this product this had to be the best on the market . Unfortunately , it was not . Frankly it 's the worse I have ever tried . There really is no tutoring at all , it 's all questions and if you want the answer you would have to click `` answers '' and it gives you a useless explanation . Not to mention the mistakes in some of the answers.I 'm almost certain that 95 % of the 5 star posts are bogus . It 's impossible for an actual user to be impressed with this product . I returned mine two days after using it . This product is the WORSE in the market , I 'm almost sure .
 Biotutor is a rip off . I can tell you that Amazon.com keeps removing my post because the company that produces this piece of junk asks them to remove it . The truth is that the people who rate these product 5 stars are not actual users . I PROMISE YOU , when you use this product you would never rate this product 5 stars and you would be so disappointed with this software . It 's a very cheap looking software , the pictures and labels in the software are horrible almost like they came of a test book from the early 20 's . They should be selling this at a bargain store for $ 1.00 , even charging that amount I 'm not sure it 's worth it.I 'm not going to spend a lot of time typing something that might be deleted . But just to tell you plain and simple , this program is pure junk . A rip off .
 I also bought this software after all the good reviews and thought that for $ 30 it must be really great and interactive . I was sorely dissapointed when I installed it and all it is is pretty much a test . There is no interactive learning at all , only an `` explanation '' of the answer to the question . This is something that I would hesitate to pay $ 5 for . I do not see where all these great reviews came from .
 The product once installed looks like its from 1990 , and all it does is quiz you . It does n't really explain anything and it 's not very interactive . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Just ask questions and give answers . If you do n't already know the subject matter asking questions does not tutor you .
 I purchased this product after all the wonderful reviews . This product is not a tutor . It ask questions and gives a short explanation of the answer , if you click on ` Explanation ' . This product offers no tutoring at all .
 OK , I know the specs say it 's for XP . I installed this and used it slightly when I had XP , but I soon upgraded to Win7 . This is the ONLY product -LRB- out of several dozen -RRB- that would not upgrade with me.I suspect it wo n't install on Vista either -LRB- Win7 is more like Vista than Vista is like XP -RRB- . This is a seriously outdated product .
 I am not satisfied with this product . When i loaded it on my cpu I loaded the label part first . When I attempted to load the print shop portion the program stopped working and locked my computer up . I finally had to unplug the cpu and re-power it up to get it running again . I removed the Printshop version and tried to remove the Label portion but could not . When I tried to do some labels on the program I found it to be more complicated that it should have been . I spoke to a friend and she said she had the same problem with Printshop and it took her son-in-law five days to fix the problem .
 Does not work ! Missing a file , so after you create your address book , it will not print . UMM file is missing . This product is no longer supported , so you are left on your own . Do n't bother ! Since you must open the package to try it , it can no longer be sent back . I am stuck .
 I purchased this to create labels for gifts . I found it easier to create the labels with the templates that come with the labels -LRB- Avery -RRB- . So I 'm not using this product at all.It might be ok for DVD labels . I did n't try that .
 I brought this program to help me learn figure drawing . Theoretically , it would have been helpful to study the light as well as pose the figures as desired . To see the body in motion , the effects of movement , and the play of shadows -- this is how to bring life and vibrancy to a drawing.This program does n't help with any of that . The figures are stiff and do n't react either to movement or to objects in the environment . For example , someone sitting on a chair does n't look like someone doing knee bends , except in this program . Furthermore , posing a figure is a very involved process , and an entirely unnatural result is very common . I tried to pose a figure on tiptoe , to see how the body mass moved , and I could n't do it . It is possible to possible to rotate a shoulder completely out of plane with the chest and the arm , and the program will not murmur one complaint . Facial expressions are all ghastly and there is n't a simple smile in the bunch.The program runs slowly , and the opening help screens crash the program . The help manual is a PDF file and there is no written documentation besides the usual legal threats . The tutorials can get you to a basic pose , but its more effort than its worth.This program might work for someone wanting to put alien-like figures into designs on the computer page . Maybe it works great with other programs or plug-ins that I do n't have , but it is n't useful as a drawing tool .
 A good introduction to ASL , but a pain to get the CDs to work together . This should be on DVD -- or allow you to put all the content on your hard drive . Several times when I had CD3 in the drive , the software told me that I had to insert CD3 . I could not find any tech support.On the positive side , the presentation of signs at optional speeds is great . Adding grammar is a real plus !
 I bought this program to load onto my laptap for school and work . You can only download the installation cd . You can not load the other 7 cd 's onto your hard drive . For anyone who does not want to have to tote around a bunch of cd 's this is not the program for you . I have emailed the company to see if an upgrade will be released but I have not received a reply yet . I am now looking for a program that can be completely loaded onto my hard drive . This was a waste of money .
 ok so i ordered this product because im trying to learn sign language and well it messed with my mac and it did n't work . so yeah . if you own a mac do n't buy it because if the seal on the package is broken they wo n't take it back and you 're out $ 30 .
 The product did not operate as stated on the box . The supplier CDROMUSA was n't at all helpful and left me with a product I 'm unable to use ; so they got FREE money and refused to send a replacement.They do n't deserve a star at all , but the one star represents the nice , deceptive packaging .
 this product looked great but 8 CD ... please !!! not easy to drag around 8 Cds . have to switch cd everytime ... beware that th MAC version is cheaper than the windows version .
 I was hoping it would of been one CD instead of eight . I was hoping to obtain a CD dealing with whole words as well .
 I have n't spent much time with this product . It 's very boring . The fingerspelling quiz is EXCELLENT !
 Instant Immersion American Sign Language DeluxeTried using this DVD . Came without instructions . Never use it.Not recommended .
 The video portion frequently skips . The signers have different hand motions , so it can be hard to tell the same sign . Would be interested to see a rating system of beginner , intermediate , advanced from Instant Immersion on their product -LRB- s -RRB- .
 I 'm a big user of Adobe Audition . I used the old Cakewalk for midi and was always very fond of the program . So , I thought I 'd try the new Cakewalk -LRB- Sonar -RRB- . I really dislike this program . It 's hard to use , hard to configure and is limits what hardware you can use . I 'd sell this one and go back to my old cakewalk , however , i 've already registered it . Oh well .
 McAfee has been trying for over three months to resolve various problems with the product disabling itself on users ' computers.With an anti-virus product , of course , that 's about as bad a bug as you can get.In my case , the product disables itself every time I use Roxio 's Drag-to-Disc . The forums at McAfee are full of different instances of this same problem .
 After purchasing the product , I am now trying to get it off of my computer . Guess what , they say I have to pay for a telephone support service $ 9.95 in order to get any help in getting it off . Great system pay to put it on pay to get it off !!
 Nothing but troubles with McAfee ... do n't do it ! Came `` free '' with new computer . Screwed up my whole system . Went back to Norton Anti-virus and am 100 % satisfied . All my problems went away when uninstalling McAfee .
 I have recently bought this item and i have been very disspointed because it works only with Windows 95/98 . I have window Xp . How does people sell a program like that . Nobody use window 95/98 . I have lost my money . I am very sad .
 This course while extensive in activities , was not what I had expected . The course did not start out basic such as learning basic communication between two people . I think this course is better for someone who is some-what fluent in French already . In addition , this course is however good for refreshment or learning more where it comes to things such as ordering dinner or renting an apartment .
 I was disappointed in this package . There was no rhyme or reason , no direction , no coaching on where to begin . I was hoping to use it for my teenager and she was completely lost . If you want to learn the mechanics of the language , do n't buy this package . If you simply want to memorize a bunch of phrases and words in French , I guess its ok . Definitely not what I expected for software in todays interactive environment
 The graphics are nice and clear , and it does teach minimum skills for communicating as a tourist ; if you want practice with very simple conversations , try it . You 'll learn to say and understand things like '' I would like to rent an apartment '' . But if you can conjugate verbs , write , read or speak a little in French , do n't bother . I ca n't understand French movies or conversations at regular speeds , so I thought this might help . It did ` nt .
 OUT DATED !!!!!!!!! BLAH BLAH BLA BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAN . 10 words to go fooled again read before buying or ask .
 I bought this product and it could not play on my computer , I had to dig up my ole laptop that has windows 98 and that was the only way to get some parts of the game to work , so this was a waste of money for me and i never got the chance to return it so , I lost . Other than that , I got the product within good time , that 's the only good thing .
 why must almost every game be for pc not everybody owns a computer for me i had to beg my sister to use her labtop ! i wish you would make the sim games for ps2 is really that hard to make more sims games for ps2 !! -LRB- ... -RRB- thats why i give it one star -LRB- you have to be a rocket scientis to figure out how to get to work !!!!!!!!!!! -RRB- sincerly , im not a rocket scientis
 it does not even load on my 64 bit windows seven computer I am going to try to load a second xp program but i do not have much hope for this program it is and excellent program i have used on other computer in the past and I love when it works but not if i can not get it downloaded .
 Warning ! Warning ! Will Robinson . This software is defective . Unless you are planning to spend a lot of time uninstalling , reinstalling and searching the Internet for free help -LRB- Sage provides virtually no technical support for this or any Act ! products -RRB- , you a recommended to stay far , far away from any version of Act ! for Palm -LRB- 1,2 , or 3 -RRB- .
 The software on this link is actually the old version of ACT for Palm . The new version is Act for Palm 2.0 . When I got a Treo 700 about a year ago , I wanted to very simply put my contacts and schedule on the Palm . Not rocket science . I had to upgrade my ACT 6.0 to 9.0 and purchase the Act for Palm program . Now , I 'm not Bill Gates , but I 'm not stupid about the computer.It took about 20 hours of tech support to get my data converted . I opted to buy the extra tech support for about $ 250 , which is the only wise decision that I had . It has NEVER worked right ! It works ok for a few days , and then it crashes my phone . I can not reliably use it as a scheduler or even a list of phone numbers . It has cost me business rather than being a tool.The capper ... the Treo 700 broke , and I got a Treo 755 . I can not load my contacts into the new Treo , because tech support says that the hot sync for the new Treo only works with the latest version of ACT . I do not want to go through the nightmare of reconverting my database again ... so I am switching to Outlook . Act sucks ... big time !
 This has got to be the absolute worst software ever.There is nothing about this software that is acceptable . The quality of the graphics is suspect at best . If you wanted to get clip art of a tree for example , you have the choice of two trees -- both appear to be banzai trees.Installing the software is quick since but since it does n't install correctly -- according to the scant directions that are provided only in the CD cover -- it does n't matter.It says that you can pull clip art off the net in the form of web images . You can not . The option under the heading in your Accessories file -LRB- by the way , it is not the same heading that the manual says will be there -RRB- does n't exist.And if that was not all , the company that makes the software `` global star '' refered me to their sister company when I complained . Their sister company did n't have any answers either . When I asked for a refund or a replacement , I was referred back to global star which is now ignoring my pleas.To summarize , this is the absolute worst software I have ever purchased . Do yourself a favor and pass it up .
 I bought this used and was extremely disappointed in the product . While I paid a whole $ $ for it , that 's about all it is worth , if even . There is no search for the clipart and no book to look up the images . Yeah they are categorized nicely on 2 cd 's but what if you do n't know what category a certain item would be listed under ? Then you have to keep switching disks . Luckily I have a thumbnail program that will allow me to print out a catalogue on my own.The only search engine I found was on the photo objects disk . And I just found out it 's part of their 50,000 collection , which I already have . So that 's worthless to me also.The web images disks actually let you choose the item , color and shape but the catologue runs really slow -LRB- and I have a fast computer -RRB- . As for the photos . I 'm sorry but images at 200 dpi and only 10k -LRB- 2x3 inches ... ouch -RRB- are NOT high quality photos as stated on the packaging . This can not be used for any type of print work AT ALL . I have not yet found a Clipart package that had high resolution images . So beware if this is what you are looking for.Overall , rating it 1 star was generous but I will be able to use the clipart images at least . It will just be a hassle trying to find the right one .
 Purchasers of Word X for Mac should be aware that Micrososft does not warranty their product . I purchased Word X software from Amazon about a month ago and had problems with printing out a document . On seeking help from Microsoft I was told that Microsoft does not warranty Word for Mac and that a minimum thirty-five dollar fee would be required for their help .
 I 'm a Graphic Designer so I rarely use Word or Excel except for very , very basic tasks , such as copying and pasting text into desktop publishing programs . So I ca n't comment too much about those programs . The one application I use day in and day out all day long is Entourage .1 . Ca n't be programmed to accept my company 's address book automatically . I have to enter the person 's address in order for it to be saved .2 . If you accidentally have the wrong address typed in , well , it saves it anyway and eventually you have a list of wrong addresses to choose from your list of correct addresses . I have n't had the time to figure out how to delete addresses .3 . Tasks ? Projects ? Clutter tools . I never use them . Do n't have the time to figure them out . Do n't want to . I actually tried to utilize the Projects wizard and after spending xx minutes setting it up , I had this `` That 's it ?!? '' feeling ; I did n't find it helpful or useful or intuitive at all . I 'll do better to jot project notes on a piece of paper.By far my biggest gripe is that Entourage makes EVERYTHING an ordeal to set up . I 'm NOT a programmer , I do n't think like a programmer . I do n't have time to spend PROGRAMMING functions that should be built in.For instance , Entourage does NOT have a basic out of office reply function ! To use OoF you have to go to Tools , then Rules , then figure out which specific set of actions go together and in what order and even then it does n't work . I had to GOOGLE for help because there is nothing about Out of Office reply in the Entourage Help section and the steps I followed based on the directions here
 It only takes a mere seconds . And suddenly you 're experiencing high blood pressure that registers in the danger zone . But you wo n't mind . It 's part of living on the edge in Word OSX . Want to play ? Follow these directions . Simply install Microsoft Word 's OS X in two of your networked Macs . Almost instantaneously you 'll feel a little flush come to your face when the screen reads
 I have office 4.2.1 will this count as an upgrade ???? I do n't want to buy this and find out that it wo n't ! I hate office , but love entourage and if I qualify for the upgrade , it 's actually cheaper than buying entourage on its own !
 You would expect Office v. X by Microsoft to be compatible with Office XP and 2000 ... but not . Although some simple Word , powerpoint files will cross platforms from MAC to PC , the translation is far from perfect.In addition , on the Mac you can drop all kinds of multimedia video clips into powerpoint and they work great , but when you take your file to Office XP/2000 it will display a defying message stating there is no way it is going to display Quicktime content . So ... I installed Quicktime on the PC . But guesswhat ?! Powerpoint still does n't display the video . Maybe the video clip is in the wrong format . So I purchased QuickTime PRO for Mac and converted the video clip to a million different formats and they still do n't work.There are problems with Office V. X by itself on the Mac -LRB- not the Macs fault -RRB- . You can change fonts in PowerPoint and save your file , close , and reopen your file and all your fonts will revert back to Times Roman !!! So forget using lots of different fonts.Word seems to work as expected , however it has some quirks with bullets used in word documents on the PC . All these bugs EVEN AFTER THE Service Pack 1 UPDATE ! This software just -LSB- stinks -RSB- . Too bad alternatives are slow in coming . In the rumor mill some say Apple is redoing Apple works to integrate KeyNote -LRB- really nice ... does n't import Power Point very well though -RRB- and add Office file open/save compatibility .
 I use Word and Entourage , every single day . I use PowerPoint at least once a week . I use Excel about once every month . I must use this suite for the interaction I need with PC users , but I am not a happy camper . This program is pretty , and it has some nice features , but , overall , it 's mediocre . At times , it 's downright bad.Entourage is the worst of the programs in this suite . The freebie Mac Mail program has the most incredible junk mail filter I 've yet used . It does nearly everything that Entourage does as far as making it easy to drop pictures or attachments into email . No , it does n't have its own Calendar , but I do n't use one of those things anyway . The Entourage calendar is a pain to deal with , anyway . It does n't lay out well , and it does n't account for schedules like mine . I have no use for it . Entourage also does n't have a feature to just receive mail . No , one must send AND receive , at the same time , or just Send . Maybe I do n't want to send mail just yet . Sheesh . Even MacMail lets you just Get Mail , without sending.In Newsgroups , Entourage does n't offer a preference to view only subscribed newsgroups for a particular server . No , I must go to the server , then go to View -- Subscribed only . What a pain.Where Entourage really messes up is its junk mail filter . It consistently lists valid mail as Junk Mail . Much of the time , anything from Apple comes in as Junk Mail . If Mac Mail mistakenly attributes an email after its `` learning '' phase , correcting it is a breeze
 Microsoft has run every other major player out of the Mac Office market , and so why should they sweat it ? Most Mac users need Office because they 're outnumbered by Windoze machines at work and have to be able to read files generated by these apps ... do n't get me started . If we ever needed an example of why open , non-proprietary standards are important , you need look no further than office.Excel is actually a pretty decent spreadsheet , but it has some deficiencies . For example , the default templates do n't work with imported files , like HTML or Filemaker tables . People overuse Excel , and spreadsheets in general.Word is an aggressively mediocre word processor , and is n't really suited for serious technical publication - use Adobe Framemaker for that . It 's Ok for little memos , letters and suchlike . It would be better if people used it right - for example , using styles to designate space before a paragraph instead of hiting retrun to insert a blank line ... Powerpoint is an inhuman curse . Years ago , Symantec had an app called `` More '' that far superior , but the usual herd mentality favored Powerpoint . Get rid of Powerpoint and productivity would go up across the board . In fact , get rid of 90 % of viewgraphs and the associated chartsmanship that clouds our communications so badly.Entourage is a good idea in broad concept , but is very poorly executed , wo n't synch with PDAs properly , and does n't really interoperate with Exchange and Outlook as promised . It 's very buggy and its junk mail filter is n't adaptable and does n't really work at all -LRB- uss SpamSieve if you 're stuck with Entourage , or switch to the OS 10.2 Apple mail app , which has a kickin ' spam filter -RRB- . Its support of Applescript is poor , and it fails to empty its trash when asked to do so . For some reason , you ca n't schedule the application of rules . Many other deficiencies.Unfortunately , there are n't many alternatives to Office on the Mac . OpenOffice is still pretty primitive , but if it fulfills its promise , it could rock . Appleworks is nicely done but underpowered , and only comes bundled with the iMac and iBook . We 're stuck with monopoly and mediocrity for now .
 I still use Office 98 for the Mac . Why ? Because the newer versions of Excel are retrograde . Valuable keystrokes -LRB- eg Apple-D to fill down -RRB- are gone . Yes , I agree that versions 9 and 10 of all Office applications have an improved `` appearance '' , but WHY do they take OUT useful features for USERS ???? Newer versions are supposed to advance the effectiveness of the users . Did M$ T forget this principle ?
 Who I am ? A professional writer that bought and Imac , 17 ` screen , 1 GZH , with all the ORIGINAL software.The computer is WONDERFUL . Then , I decided to buy the Office Package . That was the GREATEST MISTAKE!I wanted word processor for my writings . Then , I would explain what happens . I charged the program in the Apple . Then , the word processor starts to fail . how ? Simple at random , when you are working in a window , or open a word document , the message appears : WORD QUITS UNEXPECTLY , THE SYSTEM HAS NOT BEEN DAMAGEDI contacted Microsoft for help . They told me that it was a kind of crashing because of fonts interfering ? What fonts ? That of the Macintosh ? It is supossed that the Office is suited for the Mac , is n't ? They offered me upgrades , None of them work.I have to write a novel this summer . How can I be sure that , when I get the chapter 25 , then , the message WORD QUITS UNEXPECLTY . THE SYSTEM HAS NOT BEEN DAMAGED , appears?All what I did was : First , buy the ImacSecond , buy The office.Third , Install the OfficeFour . garbage as a Result!Do not believe any of the other reviews , or otherwise , loose your money . This program is pure garbage . I put one star because it has no option to put ZERO stars .
 I bought this software for my son , who is a Lego fanatic . His favorite is the Legoland software , where you build your own amusement park . This seems great until you try to play it for awhile and it keeps telling you that you are low on items . Even after you add everything it still dumps you out so you have to start again . Very frustrating for a kid or adult ! We have n't played the chess game yet , but the others are far from being the best games on the market .
 DVD Picture Show has to be the simplest slide shows shoftware out on the market . You may be thinking to yourselves , oh rapture this is for me ! But you are sadly mistaken . The program is so simple that you can not create a splendid slide show . Here are the problems you will face .1 -RRB- There are no transistional effects between slides . This is terrible concidering you want to add effects , variation and emotional emphasis to your presentations .2 -RRB- The duration of the pictuers on each slide is uniformed to the whole side show project . That means you are not free to add legneth to certain pictuers that you may have some deep emotional attachment to . This fallibility creates another and much more intense problem . You will not be able to adjust your pictuers to fit the rythym , duration , pictoral style accorrding to the music and most importantly you can not create a strong theme to your piece . Now you are saying to yourself , I do n't care about that . But once you start working with this program you will have a strong desier to do way more with it .3 -RRB- The box says you get to add music . Do n't let that decieve you . True you get to add music to your slide show , but you only get to use one song per slide show and it has to be an MP3 file . Luckily , I know how to convert CD music to MP3 music , but probably you do n't , and if you do I know for a fact you will loathe this program . When you have your song , you are not even allowed to adjust the duration of the song as a separate entity from the pictuers . This means the number and length of the pictuers are the only factors that chooses the length of the music . You have to plan your slideshow so perciously and meticulously so that your music does n't stop at a very unusal part of the song . The music stops when your pictures stop showing.True this is a simplistic program , and I can see how people can love this . But those who long to add some creativity in their slideshows will find themselves void of any creative opportunities . I am sure all of those whom have given great reviews soon found out that this program could offer way more .
 Everthing sounded great on the package but ... Timing the background music was ridiculous . I used the built in timing mechanism for the program -LRB- based on the length of the music and the duration of the slides -RRB- then previewed my work ... it was all off . So I manually timed the music to the slides . That took forever because you ca n't jump ahead to different parts of the slide show , you have to go through the whole show each time . Plus , it was rarely the same twice . Sometimes the music ended on one picture , the next time it ended one or two pictures earlier or later , etc. etc. . When I FINALLY got it worked out and just the way I wanted it -LRB- after hours and hours of trying -RRB- , I triumphantly burned my show to a DVD . Guess what ? When I played back the DVD , the music was completely off and I had to go back again two or three times to try and fix it and burn the DVD again . I went through several DVDs before it was finally right.I looked online and through all the documentation . Nowhere was this problem addressed . I 've got another slideshow to do , but I 'm buying another program . My Ulead Picture show is going in the virtual trash .
 Do n't be fooled by the online description of this product . The description is for Version 2.0 . Amazon sent me Version 1.0 a VASTLY inferior product . Just check out the limited free ware version on Uleads web site . I 'm heading to the post office tomorrow to return my copy .
 I had a ton of problems getting all the programs loaded with XP . I e-mailed and called Roxio 13 times . Their service and support ranks dead last .
 The add said it works with mac No it did n't and the case the cd came in was all broken in pieces Just got ripped-off on that deal
 Yes , it has a great set of features , but they 're meaningless if you ca n't keep the program from crashing ! Inadequate documentation , poor support by Pinnacle -LRB- it 's an obsolete product for them , so do n't count on them for help -RRB- , undocumented error codes , and more crashes than any program I 've used before . The most frustrating is getting an error after waiting six hours for the video to be processed -LRB- which happens nearly every time -RRB- . Not worth the price . ...
 I received the Rosetta Stone Latina America almost two weeks from the day of purchase . However I did not receive the coupon for the free Rosetta Stone language of my choice as promised . I have sent the seller note about the status of coupon but I have n't heard anything yet . * Here is a copy of the seller advertisement note on Amazon :1 of
 I did not recieve the box with checks as stated in the ad . Only receiced the program disc .
 I purchased this product and found after opening the box that it does not work with DVD drives . There is nothing on the box about this . IMSI has promised a patch since June 1999 , but as of May 2000 there is no patch and they are now saying `` THERE WILL BE NO PATCHES OR UPGRADES '' . If you doubt , check their site and join the support forums . An e-mail during the `` free 90 days '' of initial support was auto-responded to with a message saying that there is no free support no matter what the problem is . Stay away !
 I began to be suspicious that I did n't get what was promised in the advertising hype and what I thought I was ordering when I took the CD out , which was titled
 This program would not work with my high-speed computer . It needs a serious updating . I am disappointed .
 I was looking for a viable alternative to MS products and , in the last month , I have installed 5 different xxxBSD and Linux OS 's . This version failed to recognize my hardware . As well , the istallation was D&O -LRB- dense and opaque -RRB- . For people want to investigate other OS 's , IMHO , the BSD 's are not ready for you . In contrast , some of the Linux OS 's have worked hard and do provide a usable path to these new OS 's .
 I purchased the Fodor 's review for my statewide travel around Oregon . I 'd hoped to find recommendations for the major cities , including the state capital . However , only Portland is mentioned and the reviews failed to capture the essence of this city.Installation was easy and use was as one would expect of the NUVI .
 This travel guide is disappointing in that it focuses only on major cities -LRB- and not a lot of them -RRB- with limited information
 I was very disappointed in this product . Unless you live in a large City this is not going to do you any good at all . Overpriced and limited information . Save your Money .
 ... but not this time . This is a very expensive and embarrassingly deficient collection of out of date information , and very extensive areas of the United States are simply unmentioned .
 This guide has a lot of useful information but only if you are going to one of the large cities listed in the guide . However it is very confusing and un-intuitive to access . There is a `` Travel Guide '' icon on the touch screen which Garmin tech support tells me that it is nonfunctional because the Garmin Travel Guide is not completely compatible with my Garmin Nuvi even though it is listed as an accessory for my particular Nuvi . No matter which city I enter in the search bar in the `` Travel Guide '' it takes me to someplace in Maine . Yes , I called Garmin Tech Support on two seperate occassions because I was certain the card was corrupted and not working correctly . Their only response was to walk me through a number of confusing steps to access the information that I want . Of course these steps are forgotten by the next time I want to use it and it takes me 10 or 15 minutes to figure out again which is very frustrating . My recommendation is to save your hard earned $ 50 bucks , go to AAA and get a free -LRB- if you are members -RRB- tour book . It will have a lot more information for a lot more destinations , even smaller towns .
 The Garmin travel guide is very limited for the money . Do n't waste your money .
 I would not buy another travel data card . It is not very useful and not well integrated into the regular GPS function . It was a waste of money .
 Garmin needs to have a chip to up-grade changes in the NUVI 660 in the restaurant section each year.This week I went to three places coded in for Italain , two had changed and one was out of business .
 I installed this in my new Garmin Nuvi GPS prior to making a trip to Iowa City , Iowa . Thought that it would provide some information useful about the City and the surrounding area . Found that there is not a single location in the memory that covers anywhere in Iowa . This is advertised as a North American travel guide . Did they move Iowa ?
 Product has little information about even major metro areas , let alone less populated ones . Totally useless .
 I agree with the other comments about the coverage only being for large metro areas or POI such as Grand Canyon or Wine Country . For intermittent information between large cities it nothing.Really not worth $ 50 . get an AAA book
 maybe useful for big cities or fancy hotels , resturants ; no good for trip planning ; better to get the Gamin CD map updae or update online
 Garmin and Fodors should be ashamed of this product . The coverage is absurd . In Washington D.C. I looked for a restaurant near my current location . Nada , but I was surrounded by a wide variety of places to eat , some of them very highly rated by local media . This guide wanted me to go most of the way across town , an expensive cab ride , to a neighborhood that I was advised was n't very safe . You 're better off to Google the city before you visit and take along a few pages of printouts . Do not waste your money on this piece of garbage .
 I live near San Francisco and wanted to use my Garmin when I entertained visitors . It does not have the comprehensive guide you would expect for the price . It lists some museums left off the DeYoung . One of the best museums in the city . Lists some attractions leaves out many others . it seems like only those items of interest that fodors got paid to advertise made the list . There are too many major points of interest for SanFrancisco left off . I ca n't imagine how bad it is for other areas . I am very disappointed . I wish there was a way to program my own points of interest in to my GPS . I would also like Garmin to add a narrated guide for the 49 mile scenic drive in San Francisco .
 I purchased the Final Cut Studio upgrade for the sole purpose of edit high-definition video from an HDR-HC1 Sony camcorder . For editing standard definition , I was quite content to stick with version 4.0 indefinitely.Once installed , it became apparent that 5.0.4 was bearly ready for high-definition primetime . Inexplicable bugs remained with the all important `` Print to Video '' command . Apple 's free -- but unwilling and useless -- `` Installation Support '' team would not/could not answer my questions . Most of these support representatives could n't answer even the most basic questions , and were in some instance flat out insulting . A bit odd for Apple.Buyer beware
 The software is not compatible with 10.6 , DO NOT PURCHASE IF YOUR ARE RUNNING 10.6 !
 This is a product that Nuance has abandoned for many years . It is not fully Mac designed or friendly . They had to improve installing recently just so it work for being bundled with scanners as a SE . It is not feature parity with its Windows version . After talking with sales/support , I have gotten the impression from them they do n't like or understand the Mac market . Do n't buy it unless you 're willing to fight for a refund . I had to some years ago . I do wish they would improve it so we Mac folks can do some serious OCR work . If you really want a Mac OCR , pound on them to make Omnipage X better , or go with ReadIris , which is OK but not as well done as Windows Omnipage 16 . Oh if you are thinking of using a VM tool with Omni16 , they wont let you due to how product activation is done . A shame , they could be making money instead of making buyers go elsewhere . But they own the OCR market and can afford to ignore the Mac world . Be warned .
 A cautionary tale . Nuance offers no free phone support for this , and apparently all , their products . Nowhere on their web page or in the Amazon description do they indicate Omnipage Pro X Mac will NOT install on Macs using Snow Leopard ! SL has been out since Aug. 2009 ! If you call their technical support number , gleaned from their documents and web page , a phone message points you right back to the web page ! I had to call customer services to get the non-free technical support phone number . It took 5 minutes for the `` technical '' , I use the word loosely , person to determine what their Web Page or Amazon information should have told buyers . To add insult to injury , they refuse to pay return shipping ! Nuance used to be a fairly good company . Omnipage was a great product while it lasted . I would beware purchasing any of their products .
 I 've used Omnipage for years , going through almost all the versions since the first . When an upgrade appeared it consistently offered incremental improvements and I rarely had to even glance at the user 's manual.Not so with this version . In some key respects it is not apparent how it works even after consulting the manual . There are many more errors in text and formatting . Saves do n't even go smoothly . I would guess that something that formerly took me 45 minutes now takes me several hours , including corrections . And I still do n't know why the text selection does n't flow from one page to the next in a multi-page document , as it used to . This product should have been put in the `` leave well enough along category . ''
 What to say ... 1 . It simply would not install -LRB- OS X Tiger , Leopard , and Snow Leopard -RRB- . It has very clearly not been updated in a long time , and appear to be an abandoned product . They should not be selling this until they update it to the point that it can at least be installed successfully .2 . Calls to customer support were incredibly painful .3 . Eventually they sent me another installation CD , which supposedly had a different version4 . It also would not installI can not say this strongly enough
 Nuance has NOT upgraded this product to be compatible with MAC OS 10.6.6 . It would have been nice for them to mention this in their product info , but they hide this fact both on AMAZON and on their website . I did n't discover the incompatibility till I tried to install it , and it would NOT work . After investing the FAQ 's on the Nuance website ... there is an admission -LRB- small print so to speak -RRB- revealing that their product is incompatible with MAC OS X. 6 Nice ! Now I need to jump through all their hoops in order to get a refund . Hopefully this negative review helps save someone else from making the same mistake I did .
 Does n't seem to work under 10.3 . No patches from omnipage either .
 This looks like a great product , but unfortunately it 's not quite there . On the input and display side , it 's quick and not too quirky . I was able to input my yuppy home in a couple of hours . The 3D effects are amazing , including Aerial and walk thru modes . Unfortunately , it crashes frequently . I have several different floor plans saved , and they all crash the program -LRB- on 2 different PCs -RRB- in a matter of seconds , when changing modes . I 'm hoping tech support can bail me out - if not I just wasted my weekend . Not recommended - yet ...
 This program is so full of bugs I could n't complete any design I tried . I spent hours trying to make it work . I finally called Individual Software and was told that they are on Version 8 now and are liquidating Ver . 4 for 99 cents . Yes , 99 cents !! -LRB- as of Jan. 2005 -RRB- They assured me that they had fixed all the bugs in Ver . 8 and would I like to try it for a discounted price . Unfortunatly , I said yes . Beware of Ver . 8 as well !! These programs might be useful for a design dreamer , but they are useless for actually trying to build something from the plans you make . This program does not print in 1/4inch scale and is therefore very difficult to use as a working building plan . The Broderbund program I bought for a buck at a garage sale years ago works better than this program . Luckily , I bought Ver . 4 from a local computer store that gave me a full refund when they heard that Individual was liquidating the program for 99cents . By the way , Individual was not about to refund me the total price I paid for the program . BEWARE and RUN !!
 I thoroughly enjoyed modeling my home with this program . I did a really cool rendition of a cabin from Disney 's Fort Wilderness , and the photo renditions were very close to actual photos my family took . Like stated in the title , this program had GREAT potential , and now the `` but `` but-The downside is that it was incredibly buggy . I had several instances where the program would crash , and the file I was working from simply would not reload . Also , being able to type in dimensions instead of dragging them would have been nice . I believe it was 3.0 that allowed you to easily import textures of your actual wallpaper , etc. . Also , placing items inside the programs made no sense . I 'd spend half an hour placing a computer on top of a desk , only to have it magically hover a few feet off the floor next to the desk when I reloaded the file.I used to think , if the company would only start over , and debug this , it would be absolutely fantastic . Now I see that from version 3.0 to 8.0 , the reviews have only gone downhill , I have to write it off as a lost cause . Too bad . Maybe the open source Linux types may take something like this under their collective wing , assuming whichever corporation owns the rights to this will let go . Reminds me of David Letterman 's advice to Judge Bork - `` Never start a beard you ca n't finish '' .
 This product does n't have the tools needed to design much more than a flat , square flower bed . The wizards and tools are not user friendly or complete.I have used Sierra LandDesigner for years and was looking for something with a larger plant base and better terrain handeling.I had seen a good review in a gardening magazine on this software , so I purchased it.I have just spent several frustrating hours trying to get the house and garage to remotely resemble my home.I am a computer programmer and have used PCs for landscape design for years.When is someone going to make a decent landscape design product ?
 I have n't found anything about this product that works like it 's supposed to . On top of that I have a fairly new computer with a very fast processor , a huge hard drive and loads of memory that keeps freezing up after I run this thing for awhile . Tech support has n't even bothered to reply to my queries for help .
 This software is extremely furstrating . It very often wo n't let you place items like lawn , driveways , fences next to each other or even in wide-open spaces.As an experience software developer , I really doubt this software was tested much at all .
 For the first 30 minutes with the software I was impressed . But then reality set in . There are three problems : First and foremost , the software is so buggy as to be unusable . While it did not crash , it would randomly move and change the walls placed in the floorplan . This was not snapping to grid - it would arbitrarily extend walls beyond the structure , or combining sections of walls located in different parts of the structure . Once this occurred , there was no way to edit the wall . When the defective wall was deleted by deleting the room -LRB- s -RRB- , other walls at unrelated locations in the space plan would be corrupted.Placing furniture revealed more bugs . Two identical chairs placed side by side , and one chair levitated about 2 feet off the floor . Entertaining , but not useful . Similarly , an area rug placed under a sofa preferred to relocate itself such that it neatly bisected the sofa on a horizontal plane.At about the same point it started corrupting the floorplan , it began to slow down excessively . Changing tabs , instead of taking the second or so it originally did , began taking 10-20 seconds . Lest you think my PC might be a bit underpowered , it is n't
 did the geeks that programmed this -LSB- software -RSB- ever do any landscaping ?? i bought this to plan the landscaping for my new home and after several hours of wrestling with this have decided i would be better off with graph paper and a pencil . rubbish ...
 This program is an absolute waste of money . It is impossible to achieve anything close to what you want . You can not design squat with this software . Buy modeling clay or graph paper instead . I rated it one star because I was n't given the option of zero .
 I have been struggling with this for 3 days . it is very difficult . Instead of being able to enter measurements , for lot , lawn , etc , it is all done w/pointer & is very imprecise , I am ready to toss this one & get a different one !
 Initially I thought the software was difficult to use . Then I realized that it was just unuseable .
 PLEASE ... save yourself the headache ! Read version7 reviews and decide for yourself if you really have the time to deal with such a program or company.I 've sent Individual all the links about their customers ' experience . I do n't think it will do any good but I think they should know the percentage of people writing negative reviews on their products.My next site to `` update '' will be Cnet and Consumer Reports -LRB- if they have a section for something like this -RRB- . Avoid this program at all costs . I will update you all if they EVER reply to my e-mail . However , I will not hold my breath .
 When you buy this software , you expect professional layouts , and a professional feel . Well when you first open the software , you feel like you just opened a cheap website . Once you enter the index , which is clunky in itself , you will have to choose which math topic you wish to study . Once you enter your section , you have to scroll through tons of info just to find what you are looking for , although you can use edit and find to find some text that you are looking for . This information that this software offers is not complete . For example , in the Algebra section , it does not give you all of the instructions on factoring quadratic equations , even though it gives you huge complicated questions that it expects you to know the answer to . I am studying to major in Mathematical Science , and I would not recommend this software if you are trying to learn new topics or get ahead in your classes . This software is basic review , and you had better remember things from your classes in order to understand what they are talking about . Also , if you do n't have high computer skills , this software will get very confusing .
 may have been a good program but it wo n't run for me . I 'm guessing it is n't compatable with win7-64 . My fault for not checking closer , but at this point in time anything that wo n't run on the current platform should specify that
 I received FINAL CUT STUDIO seven weeks ago , but there were only the handbooks in the box . Since then I 'm waiting and mailing and phoning , and they always say , it 's coming . I think I will never receive the software . Apple refuses to pay back the money . I do n't know what to do ?! TWO MONTHS later after several inquiries they offered a new shipment.But still -LRB- March 21 , 2006 -RRB- no 720/25p , so no JVC HD101 in the PAL region on a mac .
 At around five dollars it was OK . There are a few pictures that can be edited in a photo editing software to make usable . Nothing dynamic or interesting about most of the photos . No where near 10K photos on this disc .
 I agree with the other two reviews . This is very misleading . Sure it sells for $ 4.99 , but quite honestly what you get out if it is kind of a joke , and then , if you want an update , it is now up to $ 29.95 for the update . Any online seller including Amazon should at least quantify the description by saying that it only covers comparisons through 2003 , and that updates are $ 29.95 . Other products are available online .
 It is kind of neat software . You enter the persons birthdate or Anniversary date , do a few other entries and you get out a nice sheet with all the data on the date your were born . The only problem is that this version only goes to 2003 and it is now 2006 so the prices for food , gas , bread , housing , stock market are not up-to-date . If you could get a free download for an update than it would be a great product and I would then rate it a 5 .
 Nice textured case but it dident fit for my girl friends phone :-LRB- so with that being said I CAN NOT RECOMMEND this case
 I realize that this is n't an expensive item by any means , but I guess I expected something more . It did n't give me what I was looking for , which was close-ups of countries , with cities listed . The closer I went in , the fewer pixels there were , making everthing blurry . Maybe I was expecting too much ...
 This is the most worthless piece of fecal matter I have ever bought . Nothing functions well . It 's like reading a bad book . No interactive elements . Totally Sucks .
 I purchased Copy Commander to make duplicates of Linux drives for installation in identical systems . You 'd think this would be a no-brainer based on the claims on the packaging . But even if you are a Windows user BEWARE!I tried to run Copy Commander on no less than three different systems from a Pentium-4 down to an old Pentium II . COPY COMMANDER WOULD N'T EVEN START ON ANY OF THEM . On one , it did nothing ... just hung at the intro screen . On the other two it continuously rebooted after it 's `` welcome '' screen . I never even got a chance to try a copy.And lest you think this is a Linux problem , be aware that Copy Commander -LRB- like any disk copy utility -RRB- boots its own OS from the CDROM , so this had absolutely nothing to do with Linux.It 's shocking to me that a piece of software could get in the field if it fails so miserably on 3 completely different systems . Do yourself a favor ... save your money and look elsewhere . -LRB- I ended up doing a low-level ` dd ' copy in Linuxwhich worked fine and was free ... -RRB-
 Followed the instructions and lost EVERYTHING!Please do not buy this product!If someone gives it to you , do n't take it !
 I purchased this backpack so that I could easily bring my 17.3 '' laptop and all of my tools and utilities with me as I went from customer site to customer site . It worked quite well at first , but after a couple of months I noticed some of the seams coming undone . Several times I had to have the pack repaired and completely gave up on it after about a year . The fabric is very strong and has no problems with the elements , but the seams are poorly designed thus causing the entire product to fail .
 I bought this product a couple months ago . Initially I was very pleased
 You really need to own the latest version for it to work . I bought version 7 , and it does n't work for anything I 've tried so far . When I checked the website I realized that the current version is 12 . Oops . Now I 'll have to pay more money to upgrade .
 This book was written in 1993 . There was suppose to be a coupon for these 3.5 '' disks in the box , but I ca n't find it . There is an order form in the back of the book for supplemental disks at an additional cost of $ 5.00 -LRB- Kit No. 147-095-135 -RRB- plus $ 5 shipping -LRB- 1993 dollars -RRB- , but they appear to be for Microsoft MS-DOS 6 Resource Kit . I bought the Microsoft MS-DOS 6 UPGRADE . Are they one in the same ? Kinda confusing , if they are.I 'm keeping the purchase because I went and opened the package containing the large 5 '' disks thinking the smaller floppies were enclosed or at least the coupon . Neither were . Maybe there is someplace on the Internet where I can download the MS-DOS 6.22 upgrade system for free . Feel like I 've spent enough money and time on this order screw up already . The book is handy with how-to 's on using MS-DOS 6.22 , so I 'm keeping the order . Next time there wo n't be a next time . No coupon . No disks . I feel burned by this order , so no future orders from this customer concerning MS-DOS . Ca n't blame Amazon or the order shipment source . The mixed signals on the box -LRB- does contain 3.5 '' floppies , might contain 3.5 '' floppies , if it contains the 3.5 '' floppies , ... -RRB- and in the package got me . Ack ! IT got me .
 I have the Greeting Card Factory Version 3 and love it but wanted more religious cards so ordered the Art Explosion Christian Greeting Card Factory thinking I would have good results . I was very disappointed that the selections for each category were so limited and verses seemed to be repeated more often than in my other software . I paid just as much for it as I had the other program but received only 25 % as many options . I would n't recommend it for that price . CC
 Over and over again I tried to slice the file size of finished animation - to no avail.Yes - if you only used a postage stamp size image you might get by with being able to use it on your website with a halfway decent loading time.We tried to use the gif animator in our gallery on several occasions - guranted , with high quality images of max filesize 12kb each -LRB- ca n't go any lower if anyone is to see any quality at all -RRB- and the finished , so called improved file size still was larger than any website page can carry - unless you want to wait for the 30-45 seconds for that single instance to load - no one does , not even at the best websites . So , we have another ` wonderful ' program dusting away on our shelves .
 I saw this up for sale at $ 140.00 and had to write a review . GIF Animator is good - but Adobe 's ImageReady is better . It accepts all of the Photoshop plugins for version 6.0 , it does everything that GIF Animator does , and it comes with Photoshop v6 .0 . Now ! If you are running Windows Vista or Windows 7 you have to run it in compatibility mode -LRB- Vista -RRB- and you have to install the Virtual Windows XP program and run it in that manner -LRB- Windows 7 -RRB- but it WILL do everything GIF Animator does and a thousand other things that GIF Animator will not do . There are people out there selling the 10,000 brushes & plugins CDs for around $ 20.00 that will give you everything under the sun for ImageReady -LRB- and Photoshop v6 .0 -RRB- . Photoshop v6 .0 can be had for as little as $ 10.00 on eBay sometimes . You install it and then update it so it will properly handle PNG files . YES ! Photoshop v6 .0 will handle PNG file creation as well as about 15 other file formats . True - it does n't do red eye removal -LRB- unless you get the plugins -RRB- and its biggest feature is the batch capabilities -LRB- which I really like -RRB- and it is older software , looks like it was made for XP , does n't have the Aero look and all that stuff like that there ! But I do n't care . $ 10.00 versus $ 140.00 for both Photoshop AND ImageReady ? Thousands of plugins instead of twenty or so ? And an interface that you probably already know from using Photoshop ? If you are going to buy older software anyway - why not get the best you can ? Check it out . I only remembered about ImageReady myself tonight around 8:00 pm . I had looked across the internet for something to make animated GIFs with . The best I had found was FlexGIF which was really nice but at $ 80.00 a whack - I was n't all that happy with it . Finally I remembered that I had looked at and then never looked at again this program -LRB- ImageReady -RRB- and I went - `` I need to go back and look at that '' . It took me about an hour to read through the documentation and play around with the software . After that - I created my first animation . Wish I had of remembered it earlier . Could have saved myself a lot of frustration . A week 's worth of trying out software and being frustrated by it to be exact . Now I 've got ImageReady and will zoom ahead in what I am working on . Check eBay -LRB- or Amazon -RRB- for Photoshop v6 .0 and/or ImageReady . You wo n't be disappointed .
 I 've been a happy user of Ulead GIF Animator 3.0 for a very long time , but I was intrigued by the claims of `` tweening '' made for 5.0 . So I downloaded a trial version from CNET , and I was immediately put off by a new but very confusing , unintuitive interface - totally unlike the clear , straightforward interface of 3.0 . Once I had become familiar with the new design -LRB- which I still do not like -RRB- , I found the tweening function to be a joke - at least on my machine . Yes , it did quickly produce a specified number of new frames between the two frames I wanted tweened , but they were all exact replicas of my first frame ! There was no tweening whatsoever , just a number of duplicates ! I uninstalled and re-installed the program , thinking that it might be a defective installation or that I was missing something , but after re-reading the instructions carefully , the second time was as total a loss as the first.Furthermore , the transparency function in 5.0 was baffling and buggy , whereas I was able to produce perfectly consistent transparent areas in 3.0 without even reading any directions .
 This software is too expensive for what they provide . All of the really great features about this software are OPTIONS that cost half again the price of the software . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This software is as difficult to use as Finale , yet with fewer features than any other composing software I 've ever used . I 've transitioned composing software before -LRB- Encore to Finale -RRB- so I knew it would take some time to get adjusted . But eventually I gave up -- it just was n't worth it.In addition to the clumsy , non-intuitive controls , the `` Songwriter '' version of the software has crippled features
 This software has so many fixed default auto settings -LRB- many musically incorrect -RRB- that it is essentially unusable . It interferes with entering basic notation
 I bought this program , and I stopped using it within 2 months ... why?This program , at least for me , tends to bug a lot , and it does a lot of screwy things that you never intended . For example , notes that I never entered in appeared towards the end of my pieces , and there was no way that I could delete them.Also , it would randomly bug at some times , and I would have to quit the program , losing everything that I worked hard on -LRB- would n't you all be frusterated if that happened ? -RRB- . Also , and it may be because I did n't figure it out entirely , I could n't have two different note heads on the same beat -LRB- example , half note and quarter note on beat one -RRB- on the same staff . It just would n't work.I would strongly consider buying another notation program . I use Cakewalk Scorewriter , which is about as cheap as this , and I hope someday to get Sibelius ... when I have the money to do so -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This is impossibly difficult to navigate , and many instructions in the help file , even when followed meticulously , do n't work . There is no paper guide to the program ; I found it totally useless and a waste of time ... and money . Into the round file with it .
 The concept of FlipAlbum is great and when it works it 's great . Which is n't often . I found it to be full of bugs - lots of things not working as they are supposed to and I had to do things over and over and over because the program reverted back to an earlier state . It was extremely frustrating . Tech support ? - just terrible . If you actually get a response after a week or so it 's something to the effect `` did you follow directions ? '' and when you answer `` yes '' you never hear from them again . If they ever get it to work properly I might take another look at it , but I 've found simpler programs that are n't quite as fancy but they work .
 This company has a set of business ethics which are questionable . The owner of Flip Books -LRB- EBooksystems -RRB- plasters their name and links to their website all over your finished work .
 In every way , Painter IX is geared towards the professional user -LRB- even by the admission of a Corel marketing manager I spoke with -RRB- . Most of what has been `` improved '' in this version simply will not make an investment of $ 200 worth it for the non professional . With the upgrade or full boxed version , you receive only a handbook -LRB- not to be confused with a manual -RRB- that tells the history of Fractal Designs , MetalTools , Metacreations and now Corel with regard to Painter and gives a few artsy fartsy tutorials that the average user could care less about . And I must add that to get a true manual such as what was supplied as part of the Painter 8 package -LRB- which has highly technical information , help and that you can actually learn the ins and outs of the program from -RRB- you have to hand over an additional $ 50 . So the true upgrade price , at least on Amazon , begins at around $ 250 when you consider the cost of the manual . Granted , the manual is in pdf format on the Painter IX CD disk , but in that format it is virtually useless . Each new term or example leads to a hyperlink and before you know it every page of the pdf `` manual '' has fifty hyperlinks on it and you begin to feel you 're going mad trying to navigate around this behemoth of a pdf file . Try going from hyperlink to hyperlink for 400 pages , not to mention while sitting in front of a montior rather than in a nice comfortable chair . I guess Corel feels the manual is n't very important in this version as their users are seasoned professionals with regard to Painter and the truth is that the `` upgrades '' to this version really are n't that substantial . Getting back to the high costs of this ugpgrade , According to the high level marketing manager at Corel I spoke with , the overall costs of this version is not a concern to Corel or their user base because they believe it is overwhelmingly professional -LRB- people who make their living with Painter -RRB- . So for us hobbysits and weekend professionals , take a pass on this version and on any subsequent versions until Corel begins considering non professionals as a valuable part of it 's user and consumer base and gets back to basics rather than wasting time and resources on artsy , useless handbooks instead of a physical manual and other down to earth resources . By the way , I did buy Painter IX , not realizing what the handbook was and that I wasnt ' getting a manual . At this time , I am strongly considering returning the software as I am not part of Corel 's professional base .
 No amount of wiz-bang makes up for the instability that Corel `` engineered '' into Painter when it tried to make it more Photoshop like . IMHO , Painter was best when it still beloned to its creators , Fractal Design . It was revolutionary , it was inexpensive , it was rock-solid , and it was for Mac only . Corel has definitely given Painter a Windows feeling
 Reading the great -LRB- as it turned out , unrealistic , since she is employed by Punch Software -RRB- review placed by `` Donna '' I bought Punch Pro and have not been able to do even a simple floor plan on it without multiple problems . Furniture and fixture icons snap to invisible points not in any relation to walls or bearings , the measuring tool is huge and ungainly , sort of like driving a tractor trailer through a garden gate , Furniture icons are a joke I ca n't even tell a refrigerator from a chest of drawers , furniture building workshop directions are hopelessly convoluted , users manual is absurdly simply minded , altogether a tremendous loss of time and energy for me . If you need to design a home , go buy a tablet of graph paper and one of the home design model kits they sell at book stores , you will be much more pleased with the outcome .
 I am a professional interior designer , ASID member.I upgraded to Punch Professional thinking it had to be better than the other Punch software I had . WRONG . It is impossible to draw interiors walls with exact measures as it always deducts the wall thickness . The '' Ruler '' in useless as it is huge and cumbersome and hard to keep in a straight line . The furniture templates are a joke.You have no idea what they look like -LRB- and they certainly are n't pretty -RRB- or their size until you drag them into place.Stick to a pencil & graph paper.Can ' t anyone create a software program for the Design Professional that is not cartoonish.Something quicker & easier than AutoCad . I know people would spend the money for it.Any ideas ???
 As a mechanical engineer , I 've used all kinds of CAD programs as well as other types of software . This has to be one of the worst software packages I 've ever used . The interface is maddeningly archaic . It makes one wonder about the caliber of programmer that Broderbund is hiring . It also makes one wonder who 's writing these reviews , some hardly seems believable after actually experiencing the software.PLEASE , do yourself a favor , do n't believe the positive reviews , and save your money . Given a technical background , I lulled myself into believing I should be able to handle it in spite of the negative reviews , and came away severely disappointed.Stick to a general 2D drawing program such as AutoCad , Vellum , or Visio , it 'll be much less headache and still fulfill 99 % of what most users are looking for .
 There are many whiz-bang features that sound impressive but are of limited use in my experience.The basic functionality of this program is impaired . The user interface in not that intuitive , the graphic response is extremely slow , the lack of a functioning `` undo '' is maddening -LRB- in the Edit menu there is a `` undo '' button , but it is never available -RRB- . I found working with this program to be very slow going , frustrating and tedious , and I found the payoff -LRB- seeing a new home in 3D -RRB- to be unrewarding . The 3D view is not that helpful ; it is so difficult to control the movement within the 3D view that it is hard to concentrate on what you 've just created . Also , you ca n't walk up or down stairs.I spend a lot of time working with complex audio/video programs and this is , by far , the most frustrating program I 've ever used .
 I liked the idea of being able to design a house from scratch , rather than just move walls around . I started with Punch 's 5 in 1 , but it locked up my system . Their technical support people told me that it was because I was running ME and I should get their professional suite . The professional version locked up my system just like 5 in 1 had . After another hour on the TOLL FREE line , no luck and the product will be returned .
 I am very unhappy with the product . The word `` professional '' means something different to me that to Punch ! . This is nothing but a Barbie house design tool ; something to play a game called `` design a house '' . The fixtures are trivial ; there is no item for an electrical circuit breaker box , although I would bet all houses have one . `` Flying around in 3D is horribly too fast unless you have an ancient and slow computer . None of the controls act like a normal Windows program ; delete key does not delete an object . Buy this for playing house electronically . Do not buy for any serious use .
 This is inferior to Broderbund 's 3D Home Architect -- by far ! I thought I was upgrading and adding functionality -- instead I was dissapointed with cumbersome programming and limits . Amen to some of the previous comments . Also -- you can not print the 3-D screens as you can with the other software . Do n't waste your money . I am sending mine back .
 I was using Broderbund 's Total 3D Home to design a new home and wanted to try something more powerful . I purchased the Punch ! product and am very disappointed . This product may be okay for drawing an existing home or for finalizing a plan you 've already developed . But it is very difficult to use if you are in the early stages and want to move rooms around , re-size rooms , change exterior wall shapes etc.Now that I 've tried Punch , I 'm going back to Broderbund . It is a far easier package to use .
 As a hobby , I design a lot of houses . I have been using 3D Home Architect 3.0 and wanted to try Professional Home design to step up . I 'm not impressed.What the program offers
 I realized that this was not the best tool for designing a house after 5 minutes of use . I originally hoped that once the general design -LRB- using Visio -RRB- was done I could use this software 's advanced features -LRB- framing , 3D walkthroughs , modeling , etc. -RRB- to check it out . No luck . I guess it would work for simple plans but I found it very difficult -LRB- if not impossible -RRB- to use for complex multi-level plans . The 3D walkthrough is jerky and hard to use -LRB- even on a 500 Mhz P III -RRB- . While the software shows some promise , it is not there yet . Last but not least , it GPFed -LRB- Windows 98 -RRB- during a 3D walkthrough causing me to lose an hour 's work -LRB- I know , I should save my work more often -RRB- .
 I had been using Broderbund Home Architect 2.0 and finally decided to upgrade . The promises of the Punch home design were totally empty . Many , many features I did not like ! Drawing walls was not intuitive ... I could n't figure out how to stop drawing ! If my plan went off the screen , I could n't stop the wall to move the screen and then start back up without walls goings off to never-never-land . I started with an old design of known size and found the `` area '' -LRB- i.e. square footage -RRB- to be 30 % off/under . A major flaw ! Then there is the moving walls . I 'd try to move an entire wall up or down , but just one corner would move ... pulling the adjacent wall corner in at a strange angle . It was impossible to get the corners back to 90 degrees . I found the 3D furniture design tediously impossible to work with . And I did not like the measuring setup . The tape was far too big and once I had measured the room dimensions , the measurements did n't stay ... so I had to move the wall a few inches and measure ... and move a few inches and measure ... I returned it for a full refund and bought the Broderbund 4.0 . It has a few flaws too , but at least its workable .
 As someone in the professional contractor 's field , I thought that this piece of software might be useful , to create all the various layouts of a house , landscape it , furnish it , and see it all in glorious color 3D . The Punch Home Design Professional was supposed to let the lay customer -LRB- i.e. non-architects who have no time to learn expensive CAD programs -RRB- to do all this and more . Unfortunately , because the program is designed to be `` simple , '' it is very limited . If you try to do something remotely different -LRB- such as changing the height of power outlets , or adding home theater wiring -RRB- , then you 're completely out of luck . And if it 's something a little more complex , do n't even think about it.Furthermore , the program is not as simple as it wants to be either . It tries to offer lots of options . Unfortunately , the options are not very useful . Then , there are other quibbles , such as the 3D view controls being completely out of whack . Running on a relatively powerful computer , the scroll is so fast that there is virtually no way to control anything.All in all , this is a great concept , and maybe in a few revisions , they 'll get it right . But for now , do n't waste your time or money .
 This dude is selling info that you can learn from ANYONE with VERY LIMITED computer knowledge . All of the same info is on the net for free.This product exists for one purpose ... to steal from you.This pathetic thief has gone through the trouble of putting together an eleaborate scam to steal from his customers by charging their credit card 80 bucks a month without their permission . He could have used his energy and tallents to just make a good product ... but scams seem to be his thing . AVOID !! This is the WORST company that I have ever delt with in my ENTIRE life.This John guy and anyone that works for him should be ashamed . He is an embarrasement to his company and his family . At least a mugger steals from me face to face ... this snake is sneaky about it .
 Imagine that you know so little about a computer that you would n't even be here reading this review.These discs are for your grandmother who still has the corded , dial , yellow wall phone.If you are a recent -LRB- one hour ago -RRB- immigrant from a sixth world country , and you need to forward the `` Burger King Christmas Song '' , well , then you 're already ahead of these `` learning '' CDs . -LRB- My apologies to grandmothers with corded , dial , yellow wall phones -RRB- . -LRB- Actually , I kinda wish I had one ! -RRB- Regards , Older But No Smarter
 Beware of this guy ... he will send you unwanted videos and keep charging your credit card $ 70/month month after month ... no customer service to respond to complaints ... will report this scumbag to better business bureau
 I do n't know how these people got a hold of my credit card number , they probed it 3 times for 1 dollar each , and then they sent me some of his videos , I returned inmediately but they sent me a bill for 75 dollars , I had to close my bank account , I called the video P office , they claimed that they did not know how what happened .
 This is the second title from Punch ! that I have purchased and I have finally learned my lesson . The graphics on the box are great , but they mislead you into thinking that this is easy to use and has a lot of functionality . I found that I could not do very precise measurements ; on the plus side , it does a fair job for landscape layout and you can get a general idea of what your deck might look like pretty quickly . I know this is not much of a review and it probably lacks information , but that 's the same feeling I get from Punch ! Home Design and Deck and Landscape Design .
 I bought this product with the expectations of being able to design & build my deck . The package certainly leads you to believe you can do this . The manual and tutorial are also weak . After spending about 6 hours trying to design my deck using the 2D plan format , I found the software does n't even give you an estimate of materials or building details . It does open up to a spreadsheet telling you how many posts you 'll need , but that 's it . This product was a waste of money.I sure miss the `` Books that Work '' series on `` How to Design & Build Your Deck . '' It was limited in designs you could build , but it was focused on deck building and included how-to pictures and would provide a detailed plan with a complete bill of materials .
 i purchaed this program to design my deck.All it does is create a picture.I used to have a program that designed a deck and also gave me a break down of materials to build it and accurate dimensions in which to cut my lumber and also a walk through the construction.This program -LSB- punch -RSB- does nothing like that at all.If anyone wants to build a deck using this program they are wating there money .
 Home design software should have both flash and substance . Unfortunately , Punch ! is only flash . You can put together a nice cartoon of your vision but you can forget about getting any useful blueprints or material lists or even getting the precise design you want . I was looking for a product that could produce the drawings I need to get the go-ahead for my deck from the building commission . Instead I was able only to get a rough layout of my deck . I say rough because Punch restricts you to a handful of basic designs and shapes . The most unfortunate fact is that all of PUNCH 's competitors seem to have fallen away so it 's either PUNCH or a pencil . I recommend the pencil .
 I just bought Punch deck design . You would expect that it would be taylored to designing decks . Guess again . It is nothing more than a simple cad program with a few deck related overlays . You must build multiple decks to create a single mult-tiered deck . It does nothing with deck supports or even patterns of wook on the deck . Stairs beyond a simple straight stair case forget it . DO NOT BUY this product . Get a piece of paper and ruler and you will be better off .
 I was very disappointed with the product and am going to send it back for refund . The first project I tried to do involved a shed with flat roof , and a large garden with 2 foot concrete wall around it . I was not allowed the option of flat roof or short concrete walls . So I tried fencing around it and only had 4 choices , none of which was concrete . This is no way to visualize your project . I am searching for a better landscaper .
 The only thing that I can say good about this product is that it has a nice live view . Other than that , I think the product is a waste of time buying . Now that I purchased this product from `` PUNCH '' . I do n't think I 'll be puchasing anything else from them .
 I had low expectations to begin with but they were still too high . This program is just not up to the task - plain and simple . I spent several nights trying to get a two-tierred deck designed and have wasted my time struggling with this terrible product . If I had n't borrowed this CD from a friend who also could n't do any constructive work with it , I 'd have demanded my money back . I beg someone to write a review who 's HAS designed and built a deck with this toy ; add a link so we can see what you actually accomplished . Its time to use something useful like AutoCad ...
 Deck design allows design of will/might look good , not what it takes to construct . No place to select joist size/spacing ; type of footing ; size and placement of cross beam -LRB- s -RRB- , cross blocking or size of decking boards . I 'll find a WIN98 machine and use 3D-Deck instead .
 I ordered the Ebay course direct from the Video Professor . It was supposed to be free . In the fine print somewhere it apparently says you are signing up for a program a month . I had a terrible time getting my money back and the shipments stopped . It would not have happened without the help of the credit card company .
 When is Free not Free ? Avoid this product , it 's not free and your credit card will be charged once or multiple times for something advertised as free without further obligations .
 I decided to try Video Professor and see if it was any good - after all , it was a free trial right ? Not quite - I was chrged 189.95 before they even shipped it to me and am now in the third week of waiting for a refund .
 My husband and I received some discs for computer classes in the mail and thought it was a promotion until we received our credit card bill . It was charged for over $ 300 . I called our credit card company to cancel the order and found out another charge had been added that day for over $ 160 . We never ordered anything from Video Professor and did even know anything about the company . We do n't know how they acquired our credit card info . We had to cancel our credit card.Peggy
 I purchased a video professor program and was charged for a subscription service . I sincerely regret buying this software . I gave my copy away for its true value , free ! Check the BBB for more information on Video Professor .
 I ordered a program from Video Professor . At the time that I ordered , I told the order taker that I only wanted that particular program . I did not want to receive future programs unless I specifically ordered them . I received the program I ordered . However , some time later I received another program that I did not order and did not want . I called customer service . They said to send it back . I said I had no intention of spending my own money and time standing in line at the Post Office . Then they offered to send a self-addressed , pre-paid mailing label . I agreed and waited for them to send it . Apparently , more than one month went by and I still had not received the label . But , they deducted $ 69.95 from my checking account anyway . I called them about this . They said they would make sure the label got to me . A month later , it still had not arrived . I called again . They promised another label . To date , I have n't received the return label ; but , they still have $ 69.95 of my money taken at the end of April and now it is July .
 I have say that I was shocked to find my account was debted -LRB- ... -RRB- 5 . I thought I was a very good shopper but Video Professor showed me different . I am now fighting a nightmare to stop payments . This company has found a way to scam the public . What will it take to stop this ? My fear of shopping on line has just become real .
 This is all a scam for the maker to get your credit card info and steal from you !! It happened to me and it took SEVERAL months to get them to stop charging my credit card 80 bucks a month ! SCAM !! This guy is a pathetic old dirtbag that is out to screw people out of their money . AVOID !!
 The MS Word product was n't bad.Here is what was bad .1 . They say they will send you a product for free . What they do n't say is that they also include two other DVDs in the package , and that if you do n't read the fine print you will be billed directly for these unless you return the product immediately .2 . There are NO return instructions . You have to search the website and actually call a representative to get an address and a RETURN CODE so that you can actually return the product , i.e. they try to make it impossible to return product .3 . They start sending you additional products immediately and charging your credit card for these . You have to -LRB- a -RRB- get a return code to send these back , and -LRB- b -RRB- fight the telephone sales rep to stop them sending you more product.This is one of the worst SCAM business models I have seen and I would advise everyone NEVER BUY A PRODUCT FROM THIS COMPANY `` The way the CEO talks about `` Giving product free ! '' is surely misleading advertising . I am going to pursue this with my State AG .
 I was one of the many who fell for the commercials on television promoting the free lessons . I went online and ordered the eBay lesson . I was shocked to find my card charged for the full amount , $ -LSB- ... -RSB- just a few days after I received the product . I called the Video Professor immediately and asked them why they charged me . They said that the lesson is only free for a 10 day evaluation . I either had to call them before the 10 days was over and return the product or they would bill me for the full amount -LRB- which is what happened -RRB- . I spent over a month trying to get my month back unsuccessfully . I have since researched the Video Professor online and am shocked to see that this same issue is happening many many people . PLEASE ... before you purchase any product from the Video Professor , do your homework . Read the fine print on the Video Professor website . Do a google search on `` Video Professor '' and read what others have experiences . Then , make your decision . I paid dearly for my mistake . I hope you will research this carefully before making your decision .
 Do n't EVER buy anything from VIDEO PROFESSOR ... I did it as a pass thru sale -LRB- $ 6 sale -RRB- to accomplish something else and SURPRISE SURPRISE they charged me $ 189 10 days later because I did n't return a ` Free ' CD to them . It 's all in the fine print ... Refund my money in 21-30 days when I return a ` free ' CD that admittedly they DO NOT re-send out to any future ` customers ' . This company is working the loops on customer trust . They should be ashamed .
 Beware of this guy ... he will send you unwanted videos and keep charging your credit card $ 70/month month after month ... no customer service to respond to complaints ... will report this scumbag to better business bureau
 I knew about the 10 day deadline to stop the extra charges and actually made it in time . I also called the customer service line to inform them that I had sent in the refusal notice . But they charged me anyway . So I called them to ask what was up and they said it was a mistake and would be taken care of in five days . So in seven days I called them again to ask where was my refund . Once again , they said it was a mix up or a clerical error and it would be taken care of in five days . This process repeated over and over . Each time they apologized and said it was a clerical error and would be taken care of within five days . But of course it never was . It was just one lie after another . It went on for months before I finally wrote to the Denver Better Business Bureau . Only then did they actually refund the money that they had no right to take from me in the first place . John Scherer -LRB- the video professor -RRB- is as dishonest as they come . They might not be breaking the law but if you have an ounce of sense in your head , you will never do business with this crook . -LRB- I called him much worse when I was fighting to get my money back . -RRB-
 When I saw my credit card bill -LSB- ... -RSB- Called to cancel as I only had the product for a couple of weeks and barely started it , but their `` customer service '' guy just argued with me insinuating I was some kind of moron who could n't read fine print ! And who does and why would you have to ? He also informed me that another package was on it 's way ! News to me I did n't order it . But when I did order the first package , the person on the phone was speaking in such a convoluted way , it made me feel very uneasy . I do n't even know if the lessons are good because I have n't had time to go through them yet . But this is no way to conduct a business . I 've never written a review before but feel compelled to warn people of this guy - his ads are always screening . Watch out !!!
 I ordered it direct through video professor . They ebay and said they were sending excel as a trial and I had to return the advanced Excel . They never sent Excel , they sent internet security . When I wrote them through their website they never responded . Their website said if I returned without a code , I would not get credit so I waited . I called the next week and they told me I was past the return period . It cost me close to $ 200 for CD 's I never ordered !
 Beware of this guy ... he will send you unwanted videos and keep charging your credit card $ 70/month month after month ... no customer service to respond to complaints ... will report this scumbag to better business bureau
 Like another reviewer mentioned , Norton 's Antivirus product gets more buggy with every new release . Norton 's customer service is non-existent with FAQ with some suggestions which simply do not work.Instead , I recommend Trend Micro 's PC-cillin Internet Security 2005 . PC-cillin has worked well , scans fast , with frequent updates to their database . It has already prevented several new viruses from taking up residence in my computers .
 I purchased the Norton AV 3 pack . It would not load on one computer and cheated us out of a month on the subscription on another . Norton never answered any emails or online complaints sent to them . Now to make it worse all 3 computers that were running with Norton AV 2006 have been infected with a virus and are inoperable . The cost to repair will be in the hundreds . Norton AV was updated and run on every computer everyday , but the virus was not detected . Run as fast as you can from this product .
 For some reason every time a new version of Norton comes out , I try it ... not any more ! I installed Norton to protect my computer and almost immediately I started to notice problems with it . It slowed down my computer to a crawl and made it perform as if it was infected by the worst spyware program in existence . But worst of all , my spyware free computer got infected by every spyware you can imagine while I was downloading updates from Norton . And to top it off Norton could not fix the problem . It took me three other anti-spyware programs to fully undo what Norton did to my computer . Avoid Norton at all costs , if you do n't heed my advice you will regret it . Look for other programs such as McAfee AntiSpyWare 2005 . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Yesterday , I installed Norton AntiVirus 2005 on 3 machines running Win XP SP2 . The Gateway laptop with NAV 2004 installed with no problem . Two newer Gateway desktops that came with a tral version of Norton installed , did not .1 . The trial version of Norton did not expire for another 15 days . The NAV 2005 installation expires 366 days from now instead of one year from the trial expiration . I feel cheated out of a half month of protection . Class action lawsuit anyone ? 2 . I got a `` Repair is not a feature supported by Norton AntiVirus 2005 . Please uninstall and reinstall '' message . I did so and got the same error again . The Symantec online support documentation was not helpful .3 . The LiveUpdate works and the program will scan for viruses . However , none of the help screens work , probably related to the failed installation .4 . Today , I got Microsoft Visual C++ Runtime Errors on both machines while running Internet Explorer . The error states `` This application has requested the Runtime to terminate it in an unusual way . '' I suspect that these errors too are related to NAV 2005 , since I 've never seen the errors before and the only recent change is the installation of NAV 2005 the day before . Again the online documentation does not appear to be helpful.I 've been a loyal Norton customer since Peter Norton owned the company . However , if problems like these continue , I 'll be looking for another AntiVirus application when my subscription expires .
 It slows down your computer , even if you have the most powerful processor . Acts like a trial version asks you to activate every week . Strongly advise against buying
 If you wish to purchase this product be aware that the each of the three licenses must be renewed seperately - even though at the time of renewal , it will still call the renewal `` Norton AntiVirus 2005 3-Pack Subscriptions '' . I only found this out after I renewed the subscription . I believed that the `` 3-pack '' meant 3 licenses , and that was what I was subscribing to . WRONG ! My experience with customer support to gain a refund or credit has been miserable . I will not be renewing any more of my subscriptions with Norton , and after this event I will not recommend them to ANYONE ! Be warned .
 They are now telling me that I have to pay $ 25 per machine to renew the subscription ! This is more than the cost of buying the product brand new through their web-site . So much for customer service/retention . Looks like I will be shoveling more driveways this fall/winter to pay for this baloney . Or wait , maybe I will switch to an open source solution . Hmmm ...
 Each successive release of Norton AntiVirus -LRB- NAV -RRB- gets more difficult to install , more buggy and more loaded with bloat . I used to be a big proponent of NAV , telling all my friends to use it , but this release has finally turned me away from it.Actually , installing on XP is not that bad . Do n't even think about installing it on Windows 98 SE . I was ready to open a vein after installing and uninstalling -LRB- as per the Symantec website -RRB- over a period of several days.And why do they have that Recycle Bin uneraser code in there ? What a bother . Had to turn that off on the two XP machines where I managed to get the install to work .
 No problems with the software , but Symantec Co. is awful . I paid for a subscription renewal , but my subscription ran out and there was no way to re-activate it and no way to get a refund . It is IMPOSSIBLE to obtain any customer service from this company . The instructions on their web site do n't work , and good luck trying to get through on the phone . Their web site refers you to their customer service phone number , but when you call it , it refers you back to the web site . This is the second time I have had this type of problem with Symantec , I will NEVER do business with them again .
 A Norton AV user for years , the upgrade to 2005 made sense . Actually bought a 3-user package for my household 's 3 PCs . On 2 PCs , it slowed the PCs down considerably and causes system crashes on one.On the 3rd PC , it installed and activated fine , but the subscription expired -LRB- actually a previous version 's subscription expired , not the current one , but it did not know that -RRB- . Re-installation did not work - activation of the software told me that the CD KEY is invalid -LRB- after long , long waits for the activation to run -RRB- . Symantec online diagnostics did not help . Tech support performed an `` over the phone '' activation . A few days later , the software said its trial period has ended and ceased to work . Tech support -LRB- again -RRB- told me they would email me instructions that would definitely restore the software and 1 year subscription . They never sent the email.Ultimately , I purchased another brand of AntiVirus software and will be asking for some money back from Norton -LRB- although I know that they will tell me I have to go back to the store I bought it from - too late for that -RRB- . In summary , Notron 2005 's performance reminds me of , well , like a virus on my PCs . They 've lost a long-time customer . Do yourself a favor ... DO N'T BUY IT .
 I have just removed Norton Antivirus from 6 computers because it would repeatedly shut down , allowing all of the computers to become infected.Having removed Norton Antivirus I find that all of the computers now run approximately 30-40 % faster ! I will never use Norton again , and I would urge anyone else not to even consider it . This program is awful .
 At the very premiere location on John Patrick 's website is this testimonial ... ======================= `` Last night I walked away from the casino having turned a $ 1000.00 bankroll into $ 8381.00 . I 'm glad I learned about the WIN GOALS and LOSS LIMITS or I would have blown my $ 1000 on a few games and tables . Tomorrow , I will do it all over again . I do n't ALWAYS turn such a huge profit but I always turn SOME PROFIT each day of gambling under your system . I have even applied your system further than you mention . I am lucky enough to live in a location with a big choice of casinos . If a CASINO is cold for me , I 've learned to apply the DISCIPLINE enough to leave that casino and enter another . I 've expanded your suggestions beyond just switching TABLES.I now sometimes think about how the casinos can take such big loses daily from me and I realize that the players who are n't using your system are the ones who are supplying the casinos with the money for my wins . I suggest every player get your books , tapes and NOW DVDs ! The only worry I have is that if too many people know your strategies of gambling success , the casinos would soon go out of business because of all the people taking payouts instead of paying loses.I used to think that your books , tapes , and NOW DVDS were expensive . I now wonder , what was I thinking ? I challenge anyone to find an investment that pays off even 1 percent of what the JOHN PATRICK SYSTEM did for me ! `` Mick Schofield ========================== It is total BS . I know for a fact . I wrote it.I was at his message board and a lot of people were posting negative things about JP which were all being deleted seconds later , including my own.I then decided to write the outrageous nonsense you see above . Not only was it not deleted , it was elevated to the absolute most premiere area of the site.I have confronted JP on this many times about him knowingly posting a false story . He knows the testimonial is bologna but he refuses to take it down.From what I 've seen of his products , his central advice is to change tables when you are on a losing streak , the DISCIPLINE he keeps harping on.His self testimonial `` I may not win much but I do n't lose much either '' . This is the most positive thing I have ever heard him say in reference to his own track record.Not really much of an endorsement if you ask me.Seriously , I would bet with no fear of losing , that JP 's record is of a slow gradual losing of money . Sometimes up for a while , usually down . The overall situation a constant descent.I do n't know how he got so well known to be able to write and sell his useless products but that is his true winfall . ================================= I got this for $ 3.20 . I just started playing Texas Hold Em and really enjoyed it -LRB- The game not this dvd -RRB- . This was cheap enough in a discount store where I also get an additional discount.At the time I was entirely unfamiliar with JP but since have got to know about him quite well.The dvd basically is a `` for dummies '' explanation of HOW TO PLAY Texas Hold em . There is very little strategy given . Basically he advices to walk away when on a losing streak . I have since found out this is his central advice for every one of his very prolific set of products.As for some of his strategy on best hole cards , he has it pretty much correct but some are out of correct order . He freely admits he does n't know the mathematical statistics . So basically he assigned a dogmatic ranking of the hole cards that pretty much conforms to statistics but where there is doubt , JP prefers to use his hunches and experience instead of bothering with figuring it out mathematically.I am not sure why an odds calculator is included since John Patrick tells he to not waste your time on finding out statistical odds to make decisions.Seriously , John Patrick IS NOT a good gambler . As evidenced by his many writings he is a poor gambler at best . He has barely progressed from novice status.I do n't know how he got well known but clearly if we were able to see his tax returns , the income would be from products not from gambling.On this dvd JP claims to be very accessible at his website and it actually is an absolutely valid claim . I have been there many times and -LRB- positive -RRB- messages addressed to him will be answered by him usually within minutes . He also is his own monitor and every time I have been there he is busy deleting criticism.JP does seems to be cracking up from the stress of his website 's message board criticism.One thing JP is known for doing now and then is responding to criticism by claiming to have done the posters wife and that he left her a $ 5.00 tip for the effort `` which should have been more than sufficient '' . Then JP will delete any follow-up messages giving himself the last word .
 A natural painting program intrigued me . I went to their site and there 's a Trial version of 30 days available . Worked for just 1 day . Every time I try to run it , it claims that it was `` damaged or illegally modified '' . I tried reinstalling as it suggested and now can not even open it -LRB- I keep getting that error -RRB- . I searched online and found I was n't the only one running into this error . Apparently it 's been happening since version 7 and not to just the Trial versions ! If you can get it to work , good for you , you might be able to enjoy it . I 'm currently waiting to see if their customer service responds . I 'll keep you posted.Customer Service finally responded and said there 's nothing they can do . They transfered me to Tech support and they said there was nothing they can do . They said the only way they can help is if I purchase the program and then proceeded to tell me there was a 30 day refund policy which they said makes it just like a trial version . Yeah right.I tried contacting `` Rick '' the program manager who posted what looked like a helpful comment here . He did respond . But just transfered me to someone else and claimed that that person would get in touch with me soon . That was over a month ago and I still have n't heard anything back from anyone . ** update No one ever got in touch with me.This lack of support has left me with a bad feeling and I do n't want to struggle with it any longer . If you 're interested , definitely try out their trial before buying . At least to see if it will even work for your system . God forbid if you run into any future problems though .
 I did like this program . There are shorcomings . The selection tools are nowhere near as good as what Adobe supplies but it offers some options that Photoshop does n't have that are really useful for one who combines natural drawings with the digital medium.Then , for no apparent reason as I do a file save every few minutes , it crashed . And it destroyed a file that I 'd worked on for a week . There 's 128k left -LRB- out of about 35MB -RRB- and I ca n't recover it . I phoned customer support . Their recording had all the information about how to buy things but ran for several minutes before -LRB- finally -RRB- giving an alternate number to call for tech support . I did n't call that one . After several minutes of listening to a recording that had nothing to do with my needs at that moment I was in no mood to listen to another . The support number SHOULD be listed on Corel 's help page along with the other numbers listed . A customer SHOULD N'T have to jump hoops to find it!Does anyone from Corel read these things ? I hope so , because this is where I stand now.They are not getting any more of my money . Crashes do happen . But they should n't take the last saved version with them when they decide to explode . In eight years I 've only ever had something like that happen once . It was with GoLive 6.0 and that appeared to be caused by a memory management issue as well . But that program creates back up sites as one works . It does n't log all of the small saved changes so what 's left after a serious crash may not be a completely up to date but it did leave something that could be worked with . Painter did n't . It does offer the iterative save feature -LRB- which I will do when I use this program again -RRB- but that tends to seem wasteful since each iterative save puts a completely new file on the hard drive . I would n't be so mad if there was support staff on hand to suggest options I might not be aware of . But there was n't . As is often the case now support for a product is moved to the back of the bus where it 's hard or impossible to find -LRB- which is probably done in the hope that customers wo n't use it -RRB- . This could be a great program . It offers digital artists an array of brushes that 's to die for . The effects pallette is impressive and the lighting pallette is a joy to work with . The selection tools are another matter . To begin with they 've barely been improved on since version 4 when they were owned by Meta Creations . And the old ones used to shut down properly . The current ones do n't always do that too well . And they are n't very good about showing the user when it 's happening either . It 's probably something to do with the memory management issue that another reviewer mentioned . Whatever the case these tools should n't wipe out files that have been saved at least a hundred times over the course of a week . Right now they 're fully capable of that.The bottom line
 I am `` using '' the trial version as I write . Wonderful new auto-painting , underpainting effects ? Try entering those words , or variants , in the online help . Nothing . They ca n't even be bothered to put that in . Cynical is n't the word . Slow too , on my powerful Mac . AND - the image changes its magnification - size on the screen - randomly !!! No other program does that on my computer . A bug , perhaps ? You get a feeling from software , from Corel 's home page , from other sources
 Ca n't get Painter 9 to work on XP at all . Very frustrating . And here I was thinking Corel must have finally figured out how to release software without major bugs . Wo n't buy anything from these guys again .
 I found this product to be a major letdown . The disappointment began with the goofy `` finger '' package -LRB- which does n't really convey the product is a painting app -RRB- , and continued with what is inside the package . I found the performance sluggish , and the program crashed on me numerous times . Also , the interface is not well designed , and I did n't find it intuitive at all . Luckily , I did n't throw down any cash for this product , as I was lucky enough to have a friend who had a copy . We were both disappointed , and are thankful that there are other , better painting products on the market these days .
 I 'm running Windows XP , service pack 3 and have plenty of room on my computer for Painter IX . The trial version that came with my CorelDRAW X3 worked fine , but now that I 've bought and installed the program it continually crashes with certain brushes . Corel support for the program seems non-existent . I evidently bought a useless program . I ca n't find updates or patches . I 've been using CorelDRAW programs professionally ever since Corel 4 , both the vector and the painting programs , and had nothing but respect for Corel , but the lack of support for their older programs seems to say the company wants to force you to buy new computers and brand new Corel products .
 I loved this program . Used it for years . Now probably because of some update to windows XP it does not work anymore . Tried everything even seeking Customer support from Corel which unfortunately has a justified reputation for terrible support.You would think they would release a patch that fixed it . So far no patch . . no program that works . I even tried buying an upgrade . Corel painter !! in hopes that I could get back to work . But nope . It is so buggy that it is useless on any machine I load it onto and again , Corel has no patch to offer that makes it operational and no help is offered or to be begged , borrowed or stolen.After years and years of using Corel products . . Painter , Photo-Paint - Coreldraw I finally have to admit defeat . I advise anyone reading this to benefit from my experience with corel.Going to wave sadly goodbye and try Adobe now .
 I have been a Painter user since 1995 . I started out with version 3.1 on a Mac Quadra 700 . Painter has gone through a few owners in its lifetime . It started with Fractal Design . It then went on to MetaCreations . Then Corel bought it and has magically transformed a once reliable , stable , intuitive art program into a crashy , overly complicated pile of junk.I 'm running 9.5 on an intel Mac Pro and I can not believe what a nightmare this thing is . Unfortunately , I can not run my old MetaCreations version 5.5 on OSX because it will no longer support classic applications or I most surely would.My advice to new artists is to learn Photoshop and stick with it . I never thought the day would come when I would say that , but Photoshop has become vastly improved , while Painter has gone straight in the toilet.If you do n't think it 's that big of a deal , imagine learning to play the piano and getting damn good at it . And then suddenly , the only manufacturer of the piano decides he wants to put the keyboard on the bottom of the thing and halfway through the tune you 're playing , it quits abruptly.Don ' t buy this junk . And I will bet you a dollar to a donut , that their version 10 will not be any better , either .
 And I mean `` buggy '' as in this piece of software will suddenly crash and leave you with an UNOPENABLE file , not useable at all -- goodbye to who knows how many hours of work?It 's interesting software and it 's great with a Wacom tablet , but Corel just does n't seem to be able to get their stuff together and I 'm certainly not in a hurry to spend MORE money on a new version hoping they got it right.I mean , expecting to be able to save and re-open a file is not asking for the moon .
 Frustrating . Could n't get it to work with Windows XP . Which is only the world 's most common DOS .
 We have used earlier versions of Painter and liked it . But the newly released version of Painter IX has serious Windows XP issues . Hope to be lucky or be prepared for endless hours trying to get it to run on your Windows XP machine .
 Old technology being rapidly overtaking by InDesign 2.0 , especially if you want to use OS X . If you are just starting in page layout , use InDesign . If you have been doing it for awhile and have a lot of documents in xpress format , byte the bullet now and convert them to InDesign . You are going to have to at some point anyway .
 I made up my mind a year ago to learn 4 computer art/graphics based programs , the industry leaders . These were Photoshop , Illustrator , Dreamweaver and Quark . Of the four , my worst experience has been with Quark . I find myself fighting it every step of the way and that there is no intuitive sense to its interface . To add insult to injury , it is by far the more expensive of the 4 programs . To think that this program is ... more than Photoshop , an absolute masterpiece of a program , boggles my mind ! I also find the educational support materials and online assistance for this product way below what is available for the other three . Adobe 's website is a consumer/educational paradise in comparison to Quark 's idea of consumer/educational support . I 've just seen Adobe 's In Design , the competitor for this product , demonstrated live in the classroom and I am eager to try it instead , especially since it was designed to work hand in hand with Photoshop and Illustrator . My design work uses a lot of visuals so Photoshop-friendly is very important to me . I 'd try this product and Adobe 's In Design out at your local community college first before spending this kind of money on this program . I also saw in the classroom demo that you can pull any of your existing Quark files right into Adobe 's In Design so no one should have trouble switching over to it .
 We have been using Quark in our design office for three years , and are extremely glad to have finally purchased InDesign to replace it.For too long now , we tolerated Quark 's limitations and non-user friendly interface . When we purchased it , we were sold on the program 's multi-page layout `` strengths '' -LRB- smirk -RRB- . But printing a 170 page book , three times a year , has proven to be a feat/ritual , each time we need to proof , then more problems when we pdf files to press.Maps I placed as . eps files 4 months ago have to be replaced because otherwise they print blurry . As soon as I REPLACE the map with the same . eps map file , it prints fine . Why do I only have this problem with `` Quirk ? `` What a hassle . It 's not our printer network folks , it 's not us , and it 's certainly not our G4 Firewire 800s . It 's the quirky make-up of Quark . Bugs continue to shoot out of it to this day.I have more bad examples but I wo n't go on . If you do n't take my word for it , fine . Call any design/print shop in the city you live in and ask when & why they switched to Indesign . You will be shocked.Quark is a rapidly burning and sinking ship . You ca n't say I did n't warn you .
 I have been trying to register this since the day of purchase , VERY unsuccessful ! Have tried all I can think of and my answer is
 I thought I purchased 5.0 but it 's quarkxpress 6.0 passport . I can not set it up to do the documents right . I can not do pdf files . they come out with quarkxpress demo on every page . I really needed this software for my business and I feel that I have been ripped off .
 This enclosure is great except that it does not have any automatic power shutoff and it 's passive cooling is in my opinion not enough . I have a 500 GB WD Caviar drive in there running all the time , probably wasting a lot of energy because when my computer goes into standby mode to save power , this drive for some reason continues to run , so it is always fairly warm . I have to physically turn it off at the switch to save power . Maybe I am missing something , but I guess I thought it would be smarter than that . Other than that , it is lightning fast , and it does my full backups -LRB- > 300 GB -RRB- much , much faster than USB hard drive enclosures . As far as speed goes , this is a great model . If I could do it over , I would buy an enclosure with active cooling .
 Worked fine but I used it very little and the unit has died after about a year of use .
 Could not open it the key was not correct for the disk . . The internet indicated that sever people have had the same problem !
 When I bought this game I thought it was great . Then I realized that the routes were under 3 miles long ! It is way to hard to wreck your train and when you download it takes away your best train . Try to avoid this game .
 The video tutorials are great . The program is average compared to others out there.My biggest peave is that , after trying a number of programs , I found one I liked better . Dan Oaks refunded only my purchase price -- NOT THE 200 % HE CLAIMS HE WILL DO . He continues to ignore my emails.Downside , they charge for modules and recipe book add-ons .
 I was looking for a screensaver that has an ocean setting , with fish traveling to and fro . Sea kelp swaying , bubbles rising here and there . Maybe a jelly or squid scooting at an angle from corner to corner . Maybe a fish stopping to take a look at me . Maybe an ocean floor with a star or urchin moving about slowly . Maybe a rock outcropping with an anemone . But this program does not deliver any of that . It is a cheap ocean setting , with basically a blue shaded screen with a few sunshine rays streaming through , and several fish types traveling accross the screen both ways . No kelp , no bubbles , no random movements . No up , down or diagonal . Looks more like a shooting gallery where the ducks just travel along in a straight line one after the other , then roll over and go back to the other side . BORING ! I feel ripped off . I am returnig this product to Amazon for any refund they will give . I do n't want anyone thinking I felt this product was worth buying .
 I was all excited to have a modern 3-D saltwater fish screensaver , but the best thing this program can manage is to take your money . Sure it puts fish and the occasional dolphin on your screen but comes up `` criminally '' short in entertainment or fascination .
 Jeff Carter said he bought this because he liked it when he saw it on display at Office Depot . I believe he is mistaken . I was just at an Office Depot and saw a beautiful aquarium screen saver . I asked what it was , and the clerk said it was from Microsoft Plus for Windows XP . I checked , and Microsoft Plus does include an aquarium screen saver .
 Wish that i han read Mr Litman 's revue before i bought this.It 's defently boring , no real settings or adjustments , and it 's just a one way thing back and forth . Boring . This ? screen saver again ? has NO action at all.If i could it would get 0 stars .
 This screen saver is awful . It offers NOTHING in the way of joy . I bought it with the idea that it 'd give me a nice PC aquarium of nice things to see , what a laugh . All it does ... and I mean ALL IT DOES ... is have you pick from a basic list of promising fish & then has them swim back & forth ... left to right ... right to left ... sometimes in pairs ... but always the same TIRED thing over & over again . The fish never interact with each other , they do n't have any kind of background whatsoever to see except for a -LRB- the only thing you can adjust -RRB- ray of sunlight , whoopie . It 's not even worth the postage if someone offered to send it to you for free . Shortly after buying this wretched piece of junk I did buy a beautiful PC aquarium , I love it . It comes with 3 different types of fish tanks , you can adjust them by many things including types of fish , backgrounds , etc. . The `` carosuel '' setting lets you pick from ALL of your screensavers , it 's great . If you want a really great PC aquarium at a fantastic price , pick up a copy of Encore 's Aquarium 3-in-1 Limited Edition . I give it a 5 star rating for sure . If I could I 'd give Ocean Aquarium 3D a minus 5 , that 'd be my true rating .
 The Compton Interactive Bible was not advertised correctly as I would not have paid 129.00 for a program which is unloadable on my computer as my computer is 63 bits while the program is 16 bits . If one is going to sell outdated software one should at least put the date it was published along with the correct publisher . This is the most dishonest transaction I have ever been a part of and will be settled in court . Golden Retrieval said he had to protect his business . It seems to me that the best way to protect ones business would be honesty with ones customers . Mary Himes
 Honestly , you should n't waste your money . I was hoping to get a computerized coloring book for my girls -LRB- less mess that way -RRB- , and have a fun way for them to play on the computer like Mommy and Daddy . However , this seriously fails to capture their attention for even a second , and honestly , it 's not very interesting at all . The pictures are very poorly drawn , and look a lot like someone used Microsoft Paint to sketch out a rough drawing of something ... it 's all pixelated -LRB- all the lines look like little blocks -RRB- . None of the animals or people have faces ! At least not until you pick a color for them , and then the whole thing -LRB- a lion for instance -RRB- is colored in one color ... eyes , mane , fur , tail , everything ... all the same flat color . And there is no texture to anything . There 's no way to animate your pictures unless you choose this random paint tool which sprays everything in some weird assortment of patterns and colors . And the selection of colors is very limited . Oh , this is terrible . Do n't waste your time or money on this one .
 Although the software works to clean up the hard disk . It is not useful to prevent unwanted spying on your Mac .
 The program is slow and tedious , and seems to concentrate more on games and videos than on teaching the language . It 's extremely complicated to follow , and the only thing I 've gained any useable information from are the vocbulary CDs , and you can get those with many other , far less expensive programs . Few people are going to sit by their copmputer waiting for videos to load so they can take a multiple choice test , which seemed to be a large part of the practice . I got more out of `` The Complete Idiot 's Guide to Learning Italian . ''
 My daughter wanted a computer game for Christmas and since she loves Lego Friends I thought she would enjoy this CD . This is not the NEW Lego Friends . This is a CD that was created in the 1990 's and is now out so you think it is the NEW Lego Friends . The one character -LRB- that they happen to mention -RRB- is named the same , but the others are not ! She was very disappointed .
 this was not what i thought it was . i thought i was buying lego 's , but it was a dvd.need to send it back
 I recently purchased TV SlideShow Studio and spent many hours creating a presentation that would be shown at my daughter 's wedding reception . What I found after the effort was that , despite periodically saving my work -- or so I thought -- NONE of my work was saved.Abacus Publishing 's Tech Support , after waiting more than a week after I asked how to get a file to save properly , finally responded -- by noting that the problem was apparently known , and the problem would not appear in the upcoming Version 2 of the product . That , of course , did me no good whatsoever ; I paid for a product that does not function properly.There are some very nice features in this product and it offers much promise , particularly given its relatively low cost . But if the presentation can not be saved , what good does any of this do?Look elsewhere if you 're seeking software to put together a presentation of your photographs .
 I purchased this program to put together a 20 minute project . I also saved the project every 10 minutes only to find out after the program was closed that the file never actually saved . Lost hours of work . Avoid this software .
 I recently purchased and installed TV Slideshow Studio 2.5 ... it was a BIG mistake!Every time I tried to select a transition from the transition screen by double-clicking , the program aborted with a ` memory could not be read ' error.When I tried to create a VCD slideshow -LRB- NOT a VCD disk -RRB- , the compression progress screen would abort with an ` Invalid Pointer ' error.This program has many nice features , but it 's definitely not ready for prime time ! Save your money !
 If you have a newer computer using USB connections , do n't buy this kit . The cable they supply wo n't work , and you have to find a USB to MIDI adapter somewhere else . I got fooled when I saw it was designed for use with Windows XP , and did n't realize that they meant it could be used by older computers that have upgraded to XP.So , I 've got to spend more money . ... The software is useless without the right cable connection.I was also disappointed to learn from the manual that their software wo n't convert the MIDI files to . WAV format for creating my own CDs . Voyetra recommends you buy some more of their software -LRB- `` AudioView '' -RRB- to do that job.This product may have some value if you have an older computer , but it is not what they claim to be . It does not include `` everything you need to create great sounding music ... ''
 I used voyetra orchestrator for over 5 years . I think it was a great learning tool for both digital audio and midi . I record 100 % digital and wanted to replace my older version with a newer one . I found this starter kit and thought that it was basically the same as I had before because I looked all over the box and could n't find anything that said it only includes 4 digital audio tracks . -LRB- how can anyone get started with two stereo channels ? -RRB- . I would n't have purchased it if I would have known that . Now I am stuck with it . If all a person does is midi , I guess this will work , but if you want to `` start '' incorporating digital audio , you should buy something else . I do n't enjoy it when companies try to slide one by it 's customers by not listing important info that should be disclosed even if it ends up hindering sales . shame on those Marketing people !
 I agree with the Jan. 3rd 2003 reviewer . The enclosed cable will not work with my 2002 Dell laptop . -LSB- -RSB- This is double the price of the Software , which , by the way is OK . If the correct cable -LRB- s -RRB- were included , the package as a whole gets 4 stars ...
 I am no guru on IT security , especially being able to appear `` invisible '' on the WWW.That 's why I bought this software.I know that for years , anonymizer has offered this sort of thing.But I beleive it was via the use of their websites , which acted as proxies . -LSB- not with simply a standalone software package on your desktop -RSB- . Well , if you surf long enough , just shopping or pricing out consumer goods , eventually you 'll come across a website that says something like , `` Welcome IP address 120.35.45.10 -LSB- or whatever your PC 's assigned address might be -RSB- `` Usually such sites go on to tell you stuff about your pc like : - browser used -LSB- netscape , IE , mozilla , etc -RSB- - your pc network name-amount of ram-hard drive size-on , and on , and onI use pc-cillin 2004 with anti-virus and firewall.I thought everything was set to avoid any disclosure of networking information about my pc . Since I had my settings cranked up to the HIGHEST privacy settings withinpc-cillin . Well , after cranking up everything to MAX privacy levels within GHOSTSURF platinum , I flushed my cache , cookie and such.I renewed my IP address via DHCP.Then I went a surfing.As soon as I came across a site that `` claimed '' to know everything about my pc , I compared their data to mine.At the command prompt , I typed IPCONFIG/ALL and sure enough , my IP number matched the one -LSB- that they said I appeared to be using out on the web -RSB- !!!! So what exactly was this ghostsurf `` supposed '' to be doing to protect my privacy?Why WAS my pc 's network address , IP address , and so on , STILL being seen by the outside world ??? I was supposed to be all setup to be surfing in an INVISIBLE mode !?!? My IP address was supposed to be blocked and my pc 's name and so on.Oh well , back to the drawing board.But the package did include an anti-spyware package called spycatcher . It 's is not the greatest ad-ware , mal-ware detector/cleaner , but then again it is not the worst either.Finally , it offered a set of `` cleanup tools '' , if I rememeber correctly.I got this software back during a huge a rebate-type-of-sale . It was almost a FREE-AFTER-REBATE , but not quite . Make like 5 or 10 bucks , final price.In today 's world , complete `` Invisiblity '' is quite unlikely . Whether via software , or hardware , or both.Just my .02 cents .
 I wish I could give this -5 stars . This is a bloated software with bugs . I ran this software for 4 days , looked at the memory useage and it was a whopping 640MB !!! Yes this one program was using that much memory . So I shut it down and restarted it again . At start it uses about 12MB of Memory . I left the computer on overnite and no one was using it and in the morning it was using 64-68 MB or memory . It is leaking memory like crazy .2 . Another problem . . It has a list of sites that you can not use proxy on . eg , yahoo.com requires cookie 's set , etc. . After a reboot the whole list is gone . Now I have to manually enter these .3 . It is slow ... slow ... ssssssssssssssslllllllllooooooowwwwwDo n't waste your money on this . Donate to charity instead .
 Who ever buys this please be warned the ST number on the packagewill not work so you ca n't unlock the ghostsurf to use it .
 Beware ... I bought a new PC with XP and then `` Teach Me Piano . '' Only to find out that `` Teach Me Piano '' will not install on XP , even though voyetra shows XP support ...
 Beware !! You cant use this program if you have or upgrade to Windows XP ! Voyettra website states that ther is no patch or download available . But , they do recommend spending the extra 29.00 to upgrade to the `` Deluxe '' version so that you can use it in XP . This is from their website ... `` If you 're using Windows XP we would recommend upgrading to `` Teach Me Piano Deluxe '' on our website : '' Very poor customer support . I guess Ill be buying software from another company from now on .
 If you buy this program , it may not run on the systems that it is purported too . They promote a new version of their product on their web site and then sell old versions through dealers that are incompatible . Then when you contact support about the problem they tell you that you should have bought it direct from them if you wanted a copy of the software that would run on the computers they claim it does .
 During the first chapter we quite enjoyed the software and learned the initial steps . Once we wanted to continue the next day we kept getting error message about the `` SPW Font '' not being available . Subsequently we spent several days to work this out but had absolutely no support from the manufacturer . It appears that some people were successful installing the program . Any hint would be appreciated .
 During the first chapter we quite enjoyed the software and learned the initial steps . Once we wanted to continue the next day we kept getting error message about the `` SPW Font '' not being available . Subsequently we spent several days to work this out but had absolutely no support from the manufacturer . It appears that some people were successful installing the program . Any hint would be appreciated .
 There is one caveat that you should be fair warned about before buying Voyetra 's Teach Me Piano . I went through Voyetra 's portal to purchase the software and it is stated that they do support Windows XP . For the most part this will not work out of the box on Windows XP SP2 and there are NO plans for Vista support . The software requires Microsoft RLE Codec which was removed from Microsoft 's distributions . The other required codec is the Intel Indeo Codec . Voyetra 's tech support responds quickly to your requests but when it comes down to it they suggest reinstalling your OS and trying again . After reinstalling XP SP2 and the additional codec the application still did not work for me . This only impacts the video tutorials all of the other tutorials work great and the lesson plans are well designed and appear to be easy to follow .
 Warning
 I was taking lessons from the internet FREE and decided to get Teach Me Piano with a gift certificate . This is without a doubt the worst software EVER . I installed and uninstalled it 3x . After muddling through the lack of any START instructions , I could play -LRB- I think -RRB- the beginning of the course until I exited and try to return later . Each time the software was `` performing an illegal operation and will close '' So unless you can spend the next year or so of your life while the software is working to learn the piano , forget it , you 'll never get back in . I emailed the company 2x and have yet to get a response . So much for technical support . I have returned the junk for a refund . Thanks to . . great return policies . I 'll go back to FREE internet instructions .
 THIS PRODUCT DOES NOT WORK WITH WINDOWS 7 64BIT . I WISH THEY HAD BEEN CLEAR ABOUT THAT . THE DESCRIPTION SAYS WORKS WITH WINDOWS 7 . BUT DOES NOT DISTINGUISH BETWEEN THE 32BIT AND THE 64BIT . AGAIN IT DOES NOT WORK WITH WINDOWS 7 64BIT .
 THE BOX LOOKS PRETTY LIKE MOST OTHER HOME DESIGN PROGRAMS BUT THIS SOFTWARE IS GARBAGE . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY . I SUGGEST BETTER HOMES AND GARDENS HOME DESIGNER AND HOME DESIGNER 6.0 THEY ARE EXCELLENT PROGRAMS WITH AN EASY LEARNING CURVE .
 My daughter , who aspires to be a marine biologist , received Aquazone as a Christmas gift . During installation the program asked if we wanted to add fish and accessories to the aquarium and we said yes . After adding quite a few items our daughter realized she had too many . Unable to find a way to remove them she deleted that aquarium so she could start over . When she tried to add fish to a new aquarium she was told she could n't because the original fish were n't there . Even after uninstalling it and reinstalling it we were unable to use the fish . Granted , we did not read the instructions in the program before adding fish to the tank but this was because we were n't offered the opportunity prior to being asked if we wanted to add fish to the tank . We visited the aquazone website and in the FAQ it indicated that once the fish were gone they are gone . We contacted tech support by e-mail and they did provide information to get the guppies back but not the speciality fish . My daughter is very disappointed . Beware !
 The first two discs of the program loaded fine , but the final disc -LRB- the one needed to make the program work -RRB- refused to load . I contacted the company 's `` customer support '' and gee , no surprise , they blamed it on my computer . I had tried loading their disc in three different computers , and that last disc refused to load on any computer . Their customer support refused to provide a new disc . NOT WORTH A DIME !
 Suse/Novell would like for you to believe it works out of the box . It does not!I have run many Linux distributions since 1995 and Suse/Novell is just another distro and still not quite ready for the desktop.I currently run multi-boot systems which most distros handle very well . Not Suse ! The install is only geared for existing windows or a blank hard drive . In order to load Suse , I had to unload three other systems -LRB- the Suse install actually removed them itself without letting me know -RRB- . After install I had to tweek the video and network card , and the sound system just barely works with only a few of the ` installed ' packages . Fortunately I know how to adjust scripts to ` make things work ' but sound is still an issue . Some things do work nicely but for the cost of Suse I suggest going with Fedora download and save your money , you will be much happier . While reloading Fedora and my favorite
 If you want to go back about 10 years in computing thiswill surely take you back in time.First problem , drivers lack of them.Second problem , if it do n't like your hardware you areout of luck.Third problem , my C :\ has now been destroyed.I now have a machine with a blinking cursor .
 Installation went relatively smoothly on a Dell Dimension 4100 . Following a reboot , everything seemed to work ok except for the sound system . After spending a considerable amount of time searching for a solution to this problem , I sent a request for help to SUSE tech . support . My purchase came with a promise of 90 days of support for installation issues , but SUSE replied that this did not include help with configuration of sound cards . So far , I have been unable to resolve the problem . But I have decided that any company that weasles out of a technical support agreement is not a company I would welcome as software provider for my production network .
 SuSE 9.1 pro was very nice which prompted Me to check out SuSE 9.3 pro.I was surprised to find out most of the standard features in the command prompt were taken out by Novell.PineMuttfd _ locate_pkgapache , now has apache2 which no one usesnmaplynxSome other stuff also , some you can directly find the download and . / configure ; make while others SuSE requires many rpm dependancies which starts to become a bit of a headache.A few other ` Novell Nightmare ' touch ups include ssh which is a bit of a nightmare using their version to tunnel and network with , and their ssl and apache2.conf filesIf you are a KDE and/or Gnome user , and like to chat with a friend on msn messenger thru Gaim or Kopete , good luck keeping O.SSL updated . I never had this problem before on Fedora RedHat or GentooAlot of dependant rpm 's needed . Being this rpm dependant may as well use fedora Red Hat . At least they have a good rpm manager.I can understand wanting to simplifing things but they shouldnt have dropped their ` personal edition ' as in 9.1 build , and make their ` pro ' watered down.The sad thing is , on Novell 's offical site for 9.3 they admit to taking out these tools and programs from the shell or ` personally customising ' to give it their own touch , which helped screw up alot.They did however add alot of unneeded fluff which you dont need with linux unless you just want to chew up cpu 's like the pretty menus and such , but if your going with a pro linux build your just in the command prompt most the time anyhow.I do hope their new 10.x build is better but Im not going to waist My time to check it out . Going back to R.H.I did give it two stars because if your a home user and nothing more , the 9.3 is great ! But if all your going to do is home use and not program or admin , go with something cheaper thats set up more specifically for a home user such as Xandros linux made by Debian which is also a bit cheaper for the new home user to try out too .
 I was an early adopter of version 1 ; version 2 has just been released . While this software does what it purports to do , the issue is with Quicken 's installation and support practices . QMEM requires the use of . NET framework v 1.1 ... NOT version 2 . If you install it over . NET 2 , its buggy and their techs online suggest you uninstall . NET 2 . Catch - uninstalling . NET 2 will , on many Windows XP systems , make . NET 1.1 unstable.Further , it is not possible to talk with Quicken MEM support . You can post a problem , leave you phone number , and they will contact you at their -LRB- not your -RRB- convienence.What am I left with ? 1 -RRB- Back to doing my medical expenses by hand and 2 -RRB- facing a Windows XPsp2 reinstall .
 I found the 2.1 version -LRB- the latest version -RRB- slow and inflexibile . It actually produced the wrong answers for my health insurance policies and the results could not be adjusted manually . Also found the `` Help '' section far from helpful although on-line assistance was responsive -LRB- although unable to make it right -RRB- . I think Intuit just got this program into the market too quickly without proper testing .
 I 've been a devout Quicken user for years , and I had high hopes for this program.Today , after two months of use , the program refuses to open my data file . There 's no help at all to be found as to what the problem might be -- the file is there , it seems to have data in it -- but it 's effectively gone . Fortunately , this happened just days before the 60 day guarantee ran out , and I was able to get a no-questions-asked refund from Intuit.Had I not been stuck wuth the product , would I have started afresh ? Probably not.The interface is a little quirky , but you can used to it . It also seems very sluggish ; there 's a slight delay involved with doing just about anything in the interface , which quickly becomes very annoying . The value of the product is minimal relative to the problems with entering data -LRB- and now the uncertainty for me that my data might disappear at any time -RRB- . Take your money and buy a good book on using Excel , and roll your own medical tracking spreadsheet .
 I loath dealing with medical bills -- trying to reconcile medical bills that may or may not have insurance payments credited , figuring out deductibles , etc. . I usually ignore the bills 'til the pile gets too big just because I hate doing it . And I freely admit that doing any sort of math makes my head want to explode.So I thought this program was the answer . It really could have been , if Intuit would listen to feedback and would give it attention . But as willing as they are to provide email assistance , they never fix the problems , just give workarounds.In many ways , it works OK . You wait for your insurance EOBs -LRB- claims processing reports -RRB- to arrive , and then fill in the blanks , then pay your medical bills based on what the EOB information was . Once you figure out how to enter your deductible limits , that is . And therein is one of the problems.There are limits to what it will allow you to enter . For example , my insurance provider calculates individual deductibles toward individual limits . When 3 people in the family meet their individual limits , the family deductible is considered met . That 's fine . But this software has no way to tweak this type of limit -LRB- it just calculates the amount paid toward deductibles by ALL family members -RRB- , thereby making the reports on family deductibles somewhat unhelpful and useless . That 's just one issue -- and I 'm no programmer , but can that be so hard to adjust ? And heaven forbid you have a payment that is not part of the deductible -- they sent me a workaround for this problem that still has my head spinning.I agree with the other reviewers that it 's slow -- it sometimes just loads one 2 inch square area for a few seconds before the page appears when it 's loading . And I have a new fast computer.After several years on the market , I think it 's unconscionable that they have n't streamlined this product . I ca n't be the only one who has left them feedback of this sort , but they have n't updated this software for a LONG time . Based on the ratings for other Intuit Quicken products , it may not be a problem with just this product .
 I love all quicken products , except this . It is basically useless . It takes an incredible amount of time to simply input a medical bill , it does n't even have the simple ability to to tell you how much your total expenses are and what is left in your HSA/FSA , seems like they could write a little code to for some simple addition and subtrction .
 Quicken Medical Expense Manager was bundled with one of my annual updates of Quicken a few years ago . It has generally worked OK through versions 1 and 2 for me in Windows XP SP3 , but has apparently been abandoned by Intuit/Quicken and is not supported at all . If so , I recommend that you avoid it . How would you like to consolidate 4 or 5 years of medical and vet records for your family into a program such as this which stops working properly , and have zero recourse ?
 This is the second time I have tried to order the correct , classic version of this game . I just received the wrong thing yet again . YOU NEED TO CHANGE THE PHOTOS AND PRODUCT DESCRIPTION ! In fact , almost every one who claims to be selling the original game needs to take photos of the one they have in stock so we have a chance of knowing exactly what we are paying for !
 I bought this thinking it was the Carmen Sandiego from the mid-nineties , which is what the product photos show . The actual game for sale is the 2001 `` Treasures of Knowledge , '' which is a great game , just not what we were looking for . The product description is correct , but the photos should be fixed to avoid future confusion .
 I was under the impression that I had ordered Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego -- the original version . What I got was a terrible version . My son and I played it for 5 minutes thinking it was the version we had rented from the library but it was n't -- it was horrible -- graphics-wise and content . I ca n't tell you how disappointed I was !
 i own a mac , i specifically bought a version that would be compatible with my version of mac , since i remember playing thison my mac se , YES MAC SE ! in like 1989 but unfortunately its not compatible with mac osx . beware before you buy on what you are getting and if you can actually use it . !
 dont let the pictures fool you . . its not the same game . . i had to return it because it ended up being '' the travels of marco polo '' . I already have that one and it isnt as much fun as the original
 I tried several times to get this game to load on my XP system with no success . I am a geography teacher and thought I could use this game in my class , but I was sorely disappointed . It was a cheap price and I see why now .
 I bought this game because I loved playing it when I was a little kid . This game was supposed to be compatible with the latest operation systems such as windows 7 which is what I have . The game crashed very frequently making me lose my place in the game every time . Very upsetting .
 I did n't have a chance to give this to my son because the description said it was for windows 7 . When I got it home it WAS NOT . Amazon was very nice to me but the seller gave them and me a hard time . Sometimes the description from the seller is not quite accurate . Of course I had to return it ...
 I contacted the publisher , and this game will NOT run on any 64 bit PC . Big waste of money . It should be noted in the description .
 OMG this is the most boring game in the world all you do is buy land which is very expensive if you wan na have a good park then you buy a dinosaur witch is half of your money they you have to spend 25.00 on one thing of food which it eats in like a day . so DO N'T waste your money .
 I bought this CD title b/c I wanted to learn how to play the guitar again . My decision to purchase this was based solely on all the Amazon reviews that I perused beforehand . You can definitely learn to play the guitar with this , but there are so many other titles out there that are cheaper and more up-to-date . Furthermore , there is nothing more annoying to me than hearing the instructor loudly singing the songs over the guitar strumming . His voice dominants in many parts of the lessons , and it deafens the sound of the guitar which makes it very difficult to hear the chords being taught . Again , the software is good but may not be the best on the market . Then again , I 've only purchased three titles , and this one offers a few things that the others do n't include .
 Im going to rate this product a 2 because I like it but I would change a few things if I could . It does show you a lot of chords and how to play properly and all that good stuff . The couple of things I would change is the fact that when they are teaching you a chord , you can play along with the program but its only about 15 seconds , then you have to stop and click play again . I wish there was an option where you could choose to repeat it on its own a few times so you dont have to stop every time to play it again . The other thing is something a little more important . The product has a program where you could go online to down load a lot of songs to play , its called OLGA . Well this website is having legal problems and is not online anymore . So you dont have that option of learning to play your favorite songs from the Beetles or Metalica or The Grateful Dead or anyone else , and thats what they advertise `` Play hit songs '' . So overall , knowing all this I would have shopped around more . Especially for the price , its defenitly not worth 40-50 dollars when all you get is little 15 second examples on jingle bells and little traditional folk songs .
 This program is very difficult to for U.S. users . It uses the international phonetic system vice the American -- you have no choice but to learn the international which to me is more difficult . Also , they limit the number of times you can load it onto your computers . I have both the Pronunciation Power 1 & 2 -LRB- very expensive -RRB- and now they wo n't allow me to download them -- they say I 've loaded them too many times . How can this be when many of us purchase new computers every 3 or 4 years ? Also , using the dictionary to look up a word is very very slow . For example , if you are looking up a word such as women , you have to go thru all the w 's until you finally reach the `` wo 's '' for women . Besides all this , it is too expensive for what you get and the limitations they put on it . There are better , less expensive programs .
 This cd set is useful for children learning the alphabet and numbers.There are a lot of tedious musical numbers for the child to sit through to earn a star . After getting all the stars you can print a certificate.This was somewhat amusing for my 3 year old but does not teach sounding out of letters or other important reading skills.If you want something to help your child really advance in 1st or 2nd grade this is not the software you want.If you want something to amuse a preschooler or kindergarten child , you may find this useful , especially if your child likes singing along . -LRB- My child does not -RRB- . This is a 2 CD set . The second CD `` Smiletown '' is rather poor quality with these annoying `` pokemon '' type characters - younger children may find it interesting but not much educational value .
 I have not been able to load this on my computer which is new . Would cost me more to send it back .
 When I got this 4CD software , I had trouble setting it up . You have to actually Explore the CDROM and find the right Setup file that actually works when installing the North America Birds CDROM . The autorun will bring up an error . Keep this in mind if you want to buy it . As for the rest of it , I can say that it is pretty good . I have yet to see movies of birds , just pictures . In Websters Birds of the World , you can at least save the pictures . In this , you ca n't . If you find a bird you like that you want to put on your desktop you have to use the Print Screen function then open up your favorite paint/photoshop program and paste it , then you have to crop it how you like . I think that it really sucks that this CDROM does n't offer video clips . Who wants to see an some guy talk about birds !? I want to see the birds ! But , that is all the video you really get . I started with a rating of four stars , but as I write this review , I have brought it down one star , then another . I give this program two stars , and that is mostly because it at least works with Windows XP . I really think that these companies should come out with a better bird software . Websters was awesome , but alas , you can not use it on Windows XP . And they told me that they are coming out with a newer updated version ... but I have yet to see it , and it has been about 2 years since I contacted them . Anyways , get this software if you have Windows XP ... if you have anything below that , get Websters Birds of the World .
 Purchased as a gift , but when we tried to install on a Windows XP machine , it was the first software I installed that gave me the `` blue screen of death '' . Definitely wo n't run on XP and even tried all the possible settings in the Compatibility Mode , all with error messages . Site support is totally lacking as I could not find the product on the company 's web site . The poor documentation lists several other web sites to search for tech support , but little or no info found that was any help.Definitely not on my `` wish list '' and I have asked for a credit or refund .
 What can I say . This is the only software I ever intalled that generated the `` blue screen of death '' on my Windows XP computer . This software is NOT compatible with Windows XP as far as I can tell . I tried everything I could think of to try to install the first disk including a variety of settings under XP 's Compatibility Mode -LRB- Win95 , ' 98 , 256 colors , etc. -RRB- . Error messages each time . I linked to the company 's web site and the product is no longer listed as far as I can see . The one page documentation indicated that I needed to visit other web site for support and there is little information on those sites that help.Basically - this software is not recommended !
 I 'm amazed to see so many positive reviews . We 've tried this on at least two computers , under Windows 98 and 98 SE , and it crashed a lot on both of them . On our current Win 98 SE computer , it crashes once per page at least , making the program effectively unusable . Sadly no patch is available.As another reviewer points out , it does n't autoplay when you insert the disk .
 This item is rated for 3-7 years old . However with this age group it does not automatically run when placed in the CD Drive . This make it impossible for the younger this age group is to use on their own . It seems an auto run command should be used on software used for children to provide them with hassle free use of the product.If it does ' t run what use is it no matter who the writer is . I have Windows 2000 .
 I bought this program thinking I could make nice slideshows with transitions and effects to play on my dvd player -LRB- vcd -RRB- . Unfortunately transitions and effects do n't work when you make a video cd , when you go to broderbund help page they tell you that 's how it 's supposed to be . If I had known that I would not have gotten this program . I gave it two stars because I suppose if you 're just using it to make e-mails or cd-roms it would work all right .
 Product may be OK but I will never know . Could not get it function although it installed perfectly . Broderbund is immpossible to contact if you have a problem . Their software support -LRB- Encore -RRB- does not have an 800 number and you can hang on long distance for an hour before talking to someone.Frustrated and waste of time due to Broderbund lousy support.A . Adams
 If you live in the state of Louisiana do n't buy this product you can not use any of the forms . You will not find that out until you purchase the product .
 This could have been a great software program to own . There are several useful forms no matter what your situation is and it is easy to use except ... it wo n't save certain files . And if you get an error under a user name that user profile is corrupted so you have to start all over . I gave the product the benefit of the doubt , that I had possibly done something wrong , but when I tried the same files on a different user it did the same thing . Even when I set up 2 new clean users it would n't let me switch back and forth . I am ditching this version and getting the 2006 version hoping they have worked out the technical issues .
 The MS Office Professional 2007 that came with my new Toshiba laptop locked up after a couple of months with no immediate warning . It was a `` trial '' version . I preferred my 2003 version of Word , and I much preferred the Lotus WordPro that I had previously until it became incompatible with everything else . When Microsoft locked up my trial version it required me to convert to a full version , not an upgrade , at a very high price . But the conversion was n't working the day I was excluded from the papers that I was writing . In desperation I ordered the upgrade from Amazon with overnight delivery . It arrived in good time and installed easily.Word 2007 continues to exhibit the bugs that it has had for years
 1 star is far too high for this junk.I installed it this morning . The screens were blurry and hard to read . I used to be able to read my email from halfway across the room . Now I have to squint and get up close . Everything is low contrast , the fonts are blurry , the menus are byzantine at best . From an useability standpoint we were better off with WORDSTAR . After a few painful hours trying to figure out how too make the software minimally useable I 've uninstalled it and am reinstalling 2003 . Even if I lose all my settings and old emails , it will be worth it . Heck , it would be worth it to roll all the way back to DOS to avoid this ill-conceived piece of junk.For the record , I 've got a high-powered machine with dual high quality monitors , this is n't a hardware issue . If I display Office 2007 on the right monitor and something else on the left , I can easily read the left monitor , but not the stuff from Office on the right . This happens even when the fonts are smaller on the left monitor .
 Unless you need to build an entire Office solution using Access and VBA the Microsoft Office is just a gouge.Plus I hate the Ribbon . Bring back menus and toolbars .
 After I bought it but before I installed it , our hired office geek told me it 's one of the worst MS Offices created . I 'm glad I learned that before I installed it . Phew ! Saved by the geek .
 I really hate this version of Microsoft Office . It takes more steps to do basic stuff than it did in the 2003 version . It is NOT as user friendly as 2003 Microsoft Office . I have not found anything yet that has given me an Aha moment with this version . I personally think Microsoft took a step or two backwards on this one .
 2003 gave me all the feature I wanted and they were easy to find . In your efforts to make things easy to find , you have made the product far more complicated and features I used regularly much arder to find . I 'm still looking for improvements .
 Having suffered through Office on Win98 - ME - 2000 , I was actually pleased with Office XP . Vista is a letdown . Two major oh-no 's : - The help is useless . Searching for a unknown term or reference produces a long list of possible articles , but the searched term may not show up in any of them . I do n't have hours to puruse through mindless unrelated articles . XP help highlighted the searched term ; it worked fine . Why did they ruin it ? - The location of various menu items is scrambled . I do n't mean ` rearranged ' , I mean scrambled . Drawing in Word or PowerPoint is an exercise in frustration . It 's one menu to create an object , a different one to flip or group , etc. . I 'm sure the new arrangement makes sense to someone , I 'm just not sure that someone is playing with a full deck.I 'm still looking for redeeming features . I 'll update this if/when I find some .
 Perhaps my rating is too low . Word and excel work great . My big problem is the second disk will not load . I have been talking to microsoft and they told me the reason was that I had the 2003 professional and the academic versions of outlook 2007 and word 2007 still on my computer . I thought I had to have them or the upgrade would not work . I have since deleted pro 2003 and the academic versions of 2007 . However , the second disk will still not load . It always stops on the first download on something called SQL server 2005 express . I keep writing microsoft and they answer me about once per week.If I had to do over I would just buy the standard . The only good thing about pro 2007 is it will still let you save documents in the 2003 version . Apparently , I am the first in my business to have purchased the pro 2007 . If you send a document that was saved in 2007 those with 2003 can not open it.As a result , I am really not using 2007 but saving everything in 2003 so my colleagues can get my emails.But the second disk still not loading after all this time does tend to upset me.Good luck
 It took approx 60 hours over two month to sucessfully complete the installation . I had many problem with Microsoft of the past comflicting with Microsoft of the present . When I shared my frustration with employees at Microsoft I learned many of the employees at Microsoft use Mac for their home use . They suggested I Buy a Mac.At one point I just wanted to return the product . The seller was great and he was willing to take the product back .
 Normally I might wait to install a new software upgrade , but I just got a new laptop and thought it would be best to use Office 2007 with the new Vista operating system . I was wrong.You would expect that a multi-billion dollar company like Microsoft could put out a powerful and bug-free piece of software . But after a month of using Office 2007 , you get the distinct impression that this software is not ready for public release . Microsoft should be ashamed.I do n't know the root cause of my problems , but I have to stress that I am running a clean install of Office 2007 on Vista , so there should n't be any software conflicts or issues.So what are my issues ? The list is long : -- My biggest concern is that MS Word constantly hangs and stalls . It can making editing a document very painful . I suspect the problem is when I put images or Visio diagrams into a document . But that is something the old MS Word was able to do without an issue . Oddly , if I have a colleague open the document and save it out in Word 2003 , the problem goes away ! What ?! It 's killing my productivity . -- When ever I cut and paste from an old document , Word hangs for 15 to 20 seconds . And often the formatting and margins in my new document go haywire . I keep having to spend a ton of time fixing things . This never happened in the old Word . This is another time killer . -- Every few days , Outlook 2007 starts telling me that it can not display my email folders . Uh oh ! I have to completely restart my computer to see my email again . -- Outlook 2007 breaks many graphic emails that people send -- they look like a mess . It is because Outlook 2007 does NOT render HTML correctly since it uses the Word engine , not Internet Explorer to display email . I have no idea why Microsoft did this , but they have got to fix it . -- Many of the issues in the old Word 2003 still have n't been fixed . If you place an image , it can often be hard to get it to appear correctly . Why ca n't they solve this one ? -- While most Office programs have the new ribbon interface -LRB- which I like -RRB- , some programs like Visio 2007 do not . So you have to remember how to use two interfaces . Could n't Microsoft find the time and money to update ALL its programs ? Give me a break . -- On a few occassions in Visio 2007 , my files have failed to save correctly . At first I thought this must have been my fault , but it 's happened to me a few times and ca n't be a coincidence . A few times I 've gotten an error message and lost my work . Ug . -- Word and Excel 2007 use a completely new file format . So anyone you send a document to has to have 2007 installed -LRB- which is n't likely the case -RRB- . To get around this , you can save it down to a 2003 file format , but then you end up with two files on your hard drive -- one in the new format and one in the old format . What a pain ! Also , there definitely seems to be an issue with Office 2007 opening older Office 2003 files . Could be the cause of many of my problems , but there is no way I can avoid using old files . They should have worked harder on compatibility.There are good things about the new 2007 . I do like the new interface design and the new features in Outlook 2007 are amazing for organizing tasks and sharing your calendar.But I do n't think it 's fair that Microsoft released a product so full of serious , serious bugs that have cost me hours and hours of extra work . I did n't spend hundreds of dollars on a beta product and do n't think the public should have to suffer . Surely they can afford to do better!NEW ADDITION TO MY REVIEW : Today I discovered that I can no longer paste Excel charts into Word like I used to . When I try , the chart goes in , but any bars/lines disappear .
 I deeply regretMicrosoft Office Professional 2007 UPGRADEupgrade . The new ribbon means that I have to completely relearn commands that I have used effortlessly for years . Some users find the ribbon to be intuitive ; to me it is cluttered and obscure . It has become a game in my office , when we are searching the first time for a command , to see whose guess will lead us to the hidden treasure . Unfortunately , in our intensely busy , deadline-driven office , we do n't have time for this.Especially disappointing is the lame Help , which I have finally abandoned . I 've had to resort to Google-searches for the commands I need.The only way I have been able to get any work done in Word or Excel is through the prior version 's keystroke commands , which are still built in . But you have to know the entire series of keystrokes.I feel betrayed by Microsoft . Such a sudden and dramatic change with so little support for users of prior versions has slowed my work to a crawl.You would probably like Office 2007 if you are new to Office , if you tend to use just the basics or if you really like exploring new software . If you have invested a lot in using prior versions and just want to get your work done , be prepared to lose a lot of time . Either way , I strongly recommend downloading a trial version before buying it .
 I excitedly upgraded to Office 2007 ... '07 Outlook is FAR slower - ties my reasonably powerful machine up in knots -LRB- 110 % of resources -RRB- for minutes at a time inexplicably ; spell ck does n't work consistently ; HTML emails have lost functionality I used to use often with 2003 ver ; Excel opens MUCH more slowly ; no real gains in Excel fuctionality ; various add-ins essential to my biz no longer work in Excel 2007 ; Access 2007 was billed as much easier to use - FALSE ; Word has a couple of improvements but messes up spell ck with Outlook if you keep both Word 2003 & 2007 on yr machine ; the highly touted `` Ribbon '' is mainly cosmetic ; I believe 2007 's indexing is at the heart of some of sluggisness which might be ok if it worked . . but it retruns strange results ... NET , NET , I am uninstalling Office 2007 and going back to 2003 with all its stupid faults ... it 's too bad no one at MSFT actually uses thier products to realize how defective they are .
 I recently bought a new laptop , and the changeover involved an `` upgrade '' to Office 2007 . I was aware that there was a new user interface , but was not aware that Office 2007 is , in almost every respect , an INFERIOR product to any Office version that came before it!I have used MS Office for many years , and am what could be called a `` power user , '' especially for Word and Powerpoint , which I use weekly.One of the great features of Office is that it has been totally customizable . For those who use office frequently , it has been easy to create your own custom toolbars so you have what you need easily available . Most tasks could be done with one or two mouse clicks ... Until Office 2007 ! In Office 2007 , hardly anything is customizable ! You have a constantly changing tool ribbon , which takes up a lot of screen real estate.The ribbon presents a set of icons based on what it `` thinks '' you will need at the moment . It is rarely right ! ... so you go searching through the tabs trying to find the icon that was on the ribbon a few moments earlier ! There is one small `` tool bar '' up on the title bar that you CAN customize , but it is not convenient , and will not hold many icons . It has the option of being moved below the ribbon , which takes up even more screen real estate , but is still very limited , and can not be docked or moved from there.Granted , there are third party programs , such as Ribbon Customizer and Toolbar Toggle , that add back some of the ability to customize , but it is still far inferior to what Office users are used to!Even the third party programs , however , can not get around the fact that there are some features in earlier Office versions that are simply NOT included in the new one . In previous versions of Powerpoint , you could add a set of icons that , with one mouse click , allowed you to adjust the vertical spacing of text . That has been omitted in 2007 . In the `` improved '' 2007 version , you must open a dialog box , and make several mouse clicks to adjust vertical spacing!To make matters worse , Office 2007 documents are not compatible with earlier versions . After spending years establishing formats such as . doc and . ppt as industry standards , Microsoft has introduced a version of office that does not use these formats ! If you want to send a document to someone who still has Office 2003 -LRB- or any other program that reads . doc files -RRB- you need to remember to save it in that format . The default 2007 format can not be opened by earlier versions!Office 2007 CAN open the older formats , but even in opening earlier Office formats , there are problems . For example , most users of Powerpoint have learned the trick of adding drop shadows behind the text to make the text stand out on the screen . Office 2007 has changed the way these shadows are formed . When you open a powerpoint presentation made on an earlier version , your old drop shadows WILL NOT ANIMATE with the text . When a slide appears , the shadows of the letters are already in place , and the letters animate in on top ! Mircosoft 's only suggestion ... go through your slides and take the old shadows out , and put new shadows in ! -LRB- I tried this ... it takes 30-40 minutes per presentation ! ... And I have hundreds of powerpoint presentations in my file ! -RRB- For someone who never used Office before , or who just uses Word to type simple letters , 2007 may be okay , but for anyone who depends on Office for detailed tasks and productivity , 2007 is a nightmare.I have always loved Microsoft Office . It has been an industry standard for ease of use . In my opinion , that is no longer the case . I believe Microsoft tried to produce something `` different '' to attract new users , but in the process totally ignored the needs of those who have used their products in the past . If you have the option of staying with an earlier version , DO NOT UPGRADE to this product !
 Along with many others , I 'm a longtime user of the Office Toolsuite . I had hoped that the latest release would boost productivity and would automate common tasks . It 's unfortunate that it did neither . Even with top of the line hardware , this Office Suite is incredibly clumsy . Programs like Powerpoint take over a minute to save and close out , common tasks require more hunting in the `` ribbon '' than anything ever took in a menu driven system . Luckily , there 's still a sliver of an area where you can add customized buttons to get some functionality back . There is no way to switch back to a `` non-ribbon '' driven system in case you are curious.The equation editor , a feature I use quite a bit , has been reduced to non-sense and has become nearly unusable . Gone is the ability for you to move the editor box close to your working area on the page , instead , you constantly have to scroll to the top of the page to enter the equation components . Gone is the ability to use superscript , subscripts , integrals , etc. . in the editor with a highlight and select . After selection , your cursor is placed outside the component field and you have to click to get back in . Trying to use the keyboard to move around may close the equation editor completely . Luckily , Equation editor 3 is still available if you can find the `` insert object '' icon in the ribbon bar.Object Linking and Embedding has been reduced to a monster chore . You must wait forever to move objects between applications , and you have to click a dialog box to retry on top of that , and wait even more . Many of the other complaints have been well documented so I wo n't bother going through them . In short , this is most certainly not an upgrade . It is bloated , has worst features not better , it is painfully slow , and worst of all , not intelligently thought out in terms of automating or speeding up tasks . Unfortunately , MS Office is the standard used everywhere so switching to other toolsuites is not trivial . However , do yourself a favor and wait for a better version than 2007 . This one is definitely not worth your hard earned money .
 I have had every version of office and this is the first time I have unloaded the program after installing . It is so incredibly slow that I went back to Office 2003 . It does n't help that they have an advertisment show before it opens each module . Outlook is the worst of all and I have no intension of using it unless they can improve performance . What a disappointment .
 I have used nearly every version of Microsoft Office since 1994 . So , I looked forward to using Office 2007 . To say the least I was disappointed . I feel that this product is aimed at novice or weak users who might feel more at home using a product like Microsoft Works or perhaps the `` Home '' version rather than a professional product version . I suppose that its new `` ribbon '' interface would be of some value to new users of Office who might not have much previous experience with the product . However , I 'll bet that after a bit of use the `` ribbon '' will become as tiresome as it became to me.From my point-of-view , I had a number of problems with the product .1 . The old `` File '' functions -LRB- Save , Open , etc. -RRB- are hidden until you click on a non-descript icon . Why not have `` File '' option on the menu bar ? If the term `` File '' is too passe then at least call it something .2 . Each one of the new `` ribbons '' is loaded with stuff that is seldom used by most Office users . And , in so doing , these always take up an excessive amount of screen space . I did n't like that I had to click on each of the menu choices to drop down the corresponding `` ribbon '' . These were not organized in the manner I was used to and I did n't know where some things were that I often use . In previous versions just moving the mouse pointer over the menu item dropped the corresponding list of functions . Maybe there is an option for this buried somewhere to do this but it could n't be found if so .3 . The installation default for the ribbon is to disappear after one function is performed . I found this very frustrating . At last I found an option that would retain the `` ribbon '' after each use but then I was stuck with it until I turned the option off . The old pre-defined -LRB- but customizable -RRB- toolbars , which usually take up less space , are gone . Yes , you can make an optional custom toolbar as well . However , you can do the same in previous versions without the `` ribbons '' clutter .4 . There is no option to revert this `` ribbon '' setup to the Office 2003 menu / toolbar setup . -LRB- I 'll bet that there will be one in the next release or two -RRB- .5 . There are very few new capabilities in this product for most mortal Office users.In short , I recommend that you find a version of Office 2003 rather than buy this one . If you already have Office 2003 , save your money .
 You 've got ta love Microsoft . They must spend more time protecting their monopoly than preparing their products properly before release . I have the hardware to run this suite and I installed it on a clean Win XP SP2 system . All patches and updates are current.Excel crashes constantly and I lose all my work -LRB- in spite of setting up to auto-save every 2 minutes -RRB- . It wastes a lot of time . The number of `` error reports '' that my machine automatically sends every time Office encounters an problem must be huge . Here 's an error report , Microsoft
 I have been a loyal Microsoft user for many years and a real fan of Excel.The radical changes in the menus require relearning this software , which appears to be an unnecessary change.It 's difficult to find some of the same previous functionalityI want my dog back and the prior menu setup .
 MS Office 2007 is the worst Microsoft product ever develpoed . I would like to use Excel 2007 as an example to explain my point of view :1 -RRB- The so-called `` Ribbon '' is so tall that it occupies almost a quarter of my notebook screen , further more , you get status bar and task bar , NOT MUCH SPACE LEFT for you to work in . The thumnail in the ribbon is not nearly as nice as those pop-up windows in older versions .2 -RRB- When you try to change a line style in a graph , this version update the entire screen instead of a sample-view in the pop-up window , thus , comsuming a lot of CPU power and slows down computer tremendously . You really need to upgrade your hardware to run office 2007.3 -RRB- If you have multiple data sets -LRB- say 10 sets -RRB- in a graph and you want to change the data range , you 'll find that it 's a big headache to do so in version 2007 , because you have to pop up new windows 10 times instead of once in older version .4 -RRB- When open my old Excel files in this version , all VBA codes got lost .5 -RRB- Overall , the Office 2007 has a new look but much worse performance . I would not spend a penny for this junk !!!
 I installed Office 2007 as an `` upgrade '' from Office 2003 . Word and Excel are OK - the user interface changes in Excel are a little annoying , but the XML capabilities -LRB- for pro version -RRB- are necessary , and I wrote it down to natural human resistance to change.Outlook 2007 , however , was so slow as to be unusable . The thing literally took 2 minutes to open -LRB- that 's with a 2GHz chip and 3G of RAM -RRB- and the normal operations , while I 'm sure I 'd become accustomed to the slowness after a while - just are n't worth the wait .
 I have been using Office 2007 Professional on my corporate laptop running XP for a few months now and I must say it is the worst version yet . It is extremely irritating to me for companies to change so drastically the user interface to the point that you have to totally re-learn the product . I am working here ... do n't have time to re-learn staples such as word processors , spreadsheets , and databases . Jeesh ! Give me a break Microsoft ! In addition , I think it has to be the buggiest version yet . It is also a huge problem transferring important files to clients who are still on the older versions of Office ... that part alone has been a disaster . If you have time to piddle around re-learning ... buy it . If you have to work for a living ... save yourself the money !
 We purchased this upgrade because Microsoft no longer supports the version of Outlook we had on our computer and we needed to link with other software so we had to upgrade . We decided to upgrade the whole suite -- big mistake . The helpful folks at Microsoft have come out with another unintuitive product that makes more things `` automatic '' , which is very unhelpful . It has removed or hidden some features I used in the former version on a daily basis -LRB- for example , the ability to add columns in a simple table in Word -- now I have to import an Excel spreadsheet instead -- although I can add all sorts of more complex formulas to a Word table -- that 's just strange -RRB- . Yet again my Big Brothers at Microsoft have decided that THEY know what I need better than I do so they will make my choices for me . By doing so , they have also made the program much slower and , surprise , sloppier . It 's pretty , though -- lots of new icons instead of WORDS -LRB- imagine that in a WORD PROCESSING PROGRAM ! -RRB- . Guess it would be great if I were ILLITERATE !
 I had to purchase the 2007 upgrade when I bought my new computer and could not find the disk for my earlier version of Office Professional . They have changed it so much to look like adobe that I spend more time trying to do simple task as center a column in Excel than working on the project . If I ever find the disk for the last version I will reload it into my new computer .
 I believe the next time Microsoft makes a new version of the Microsoft Office Suite , perhaps they should go back to DOS . I have never had the displeasure that I have now since purchasing this software suite . Imagine everything you know about Microsoft Office being stripped away and being replaced with a new program that has the same exact functionality -LRB- nothing new what so ever -RRB- , only every button , check box , function , and flexibility being stripped away . What you are imagining now is the new 2007 version . If you buy this program , the moment you start it for the first time , you will realize you made a mistake . Go back to 2003 .
 Sorry Microsoft , but your `` ribbon '' user interface is the most retarded upgrade feature ever . It renders all your Office applications useless . I have no interest spending hours to learn a completely different UI and to recustomize the toolbar all over again -LRB- I 'm not even sure if it 's even possible to customize the `` ribbon '' -RRB- . The ribbon is ugly and WAY , WAY , WAY , WAY too big.My advice
 I have upgraded my office product every time Microsoft has provided an update ... this is the first time I am regretting that choice . I like and use all of the suites in MS Professional , I am completely frustrated with all of the changes to the tool bar in Office . It took me 1 day to learn to print and save a document in Word . I may actually have to read the instruction manual after being an Office user for over 15 years . Ridiculous !
 The new ribbon design is supposed to make it easier to learn and use . It may be for some new users but for experienced users , it is n't . This version takes away some critical nuts & bolts customization features and many tasks now take longer to perform . This is not due to the learning curve , it is the inherent nature of the way the ribbon works . Once you are familiar with the program , nothing is faster than the old menu structure . If Microsoft added an option to allow users to choose between menus and ribbons , it would be the best of both worlds , satisfying the needs of both new and experienced users . The new version does not run macros as fast however . My recommedation for existing users
 You can try this for free for up to 60 days by registering with Microsoft and downloading an evaluation copy . When you 're sure you want it , permanently activate it with the product key you get in your Amazon package.The new version of Excel has two huge advantages :1 . It removes the old 256 column/65 ,536 row limitation . You can now have 16,384 columns and more than a million rows .2 . Excel 2007 can use all the cores/processors in your computer -LRB- or you can restrict it to use only some , so huge background calculations do not tie up your machine -RRB- . On my dual core computer , Excel 2007 is ** way ** faster than 2003 at almost every task.I 've seen no crashes , hangs , or hiccups.But everything else about Excel 2007 is frustrating . The new `` ribbon '' interface is unnecessary and awkward -- almost every operation takes more pointing and clicking than older releases . Bypassing the ribbon with the new `` Quick Access Toolbar '' is problematic because -LRB- bizarrely -RRB- Microsoft has deleted many distinctive command icons , leaving them with identical green circles.Right now Excel 2003 costs more than Excel 2007 . If the two plusses do n't help you , you may think that 2003 is worth more .
 Office 2007 offers no new or useful function to Office 2003 users . It does have a new and confusing user interface so that you will have to search for even the most basic functions to save or open documents.So far , I have not found any fault in 2003 that has been addressed in 2004 . I only purchased it because 2003 would not load in Vista 32 . However , due to a hardware failure I found that Office 2003 does load and operate in Vista 64 . Spend your money on a 64 bit processor and keep Office 2003 .
 The latest version of Retrospect Mac is 6.1.126 , which was released in October 2005 . Yikes , that 's a long time . Old enough so that the Bootable CD disaster recovery method is not supported on any of the Intel Macs , which makes the product worthless for my needs . The only supported method of disaster recovery is to rebuild with OS X first , reinstall Retrospect and go from there.I do n't know what EMC 's been doing in the past 1.5 years , but they 've clearly dropped the ball in the growing Mac market .
 The user interface is the least intuitive I have ever used . The software does backup nicely , and reliably , once you have taken the time to understand the product . However , if you are not a professional or a dedicated hobbyist you will not enjoy , respect , or trust the user interface.If you are using this in a small office then you will have incentive to learn how to configure this and your time will be rewarded . However my suggetion is that it not be purchased for home use . I 'm an engineer and I have to think way too hard each time I need to backup a different configuration with this product .
 Before upgrading to MAC OS 10.4 I used the convoluted `` help '' system with EMC and was told my backed up information would be fine but that I might need to install an updated driver to make Retrospect compliant with the upgraded OS . Turns out this `` updated driver '' is a complete software purchase to the tune of $ 89.00 . My backups are stored in a format only readable by Retrospect . If they had n't lied to me in the first place I would have simply opened and saved my backups in a readable format before doing the upgrade . They have me over a barrel and offer no apologies .
 I have been trying to get into their website for about a week . Apparently , they are not even aware of the problem . Is EMCinsignia even there ? Does n't seem to be because you can not even get to the front page of their website.HELLOOOO !!!
 After laboring for a long time to set up a backup server , I get a kernal panic -LRB- probably not R 's fault -RRB- but -- OH JOY -- the crash corrupted the config file so NOW I GET TO DO IT ALL OVER AGAIN !!! This is the first time I 've seen it , but it 's the single most frustrating failing of the program I 've encountered so far . Another fun one is when a TOC file for a certain backup gets out of sync , so the program SHOWS YOU A DIALOGUE BOX ABOUT THIS AND DOES NOT EXECUTE ANY BACKUPS WHILE THIS IS SHOWING . There 's no way to make it automatically fix the problem , which it could do . There 's no Applescript support so you ca n't check to see if it 's in a stopped state or anything . There 's no way to stop the constant corrupting of the TOC files . I am an experienced user and have had nothing but problems with this pgoram . Since it has * no * future on the Mac -LRB- the company is not working on an Intel version -RRB- , and since `` schizo '' is the only way to describe the engineers who made this program , you should NOT buy this program unless you know what it is -LRB- a full featured backup took for Mac and PC , but a crappy one -RRB- . .
 Like other reviewers , I used to swear by Dantz backup software . I used its DiskFit for years . When I upgraded to OS X , I got Dantz 's Retrospect and have had a fair number of problems .1 . Dantz gives you one free tech call in the first 30 days and then charges like $ 70 if you have a problem after that . I think they should give you one free tech call ANYTIME . Most users wo n't have a problem in the first 30 days -- and when you have a problem after your first hard-drive disaster , getting hit for $ 70 just adds insult to injury .2 . In order to use an external hard-drive as a backup location , you 've got to select this option inside a couple of screens in preferences . This should be the default , especially since this is the favored way of backing up an entire internal hard drive . And even if you 've selected it in preferences , if you crash and have to restore from the original CD , you 've got to remember this minor selection or your restore wo n't work , causing much panic as I found out .3 . The program has behaved differently with different backups , causing confusion . For months it performed the backup simply to my external hard drive , then one day it required that my external hard drive be erased to do the backup .4 . When I did experience a problem that required a restore , the program crashed AFTER erasing my hard drive but BEFORE restoring anything . This was distressful .5 . I 've had to use the manual many times in my backups because the program simply is n't intuitive.I give it two stars because I was actually able to restore my data and the thing grudgingly does its job . But , man , I wish it worked more simply for the average user who does n't give a darn about scripting and network backups .
 I use to swear by retrospect and it never let me down until OS X . Since Dantz started to support OS X its been `` You can purchase Retrospect Support , for $ xxx a year ... '' and how good is this support ? Not very I have a very common DVDR Drive that they still do n't support , I would n't complain if I owned the express back up , but I own the Pro package and the support is lousy ! so many $ $ $ a call to find out that I need to update to their new software after I had just purchased an upgrade and then they still ca n't say they know if they support a Pioneer A107 DVDR !? $ 150 plus a year for support I do n't think so . .
 If you 're not already a user , Retrospect for Mac is not a product you want to buy into . The interface has n't been substantially updated in over a decade . In this decade Dantz -LRB- EMC -RRB- has charged it 's users half a dozen times for `` upgrades '' which should be free updates as all that was added was the ability to actually work with the current operating system.The interface is obtuse and backwards . For example , in a slap in the face to anyone with usability experience , Retrospect demands , in a modal dialog , that the user approves and affirms the desire to back up . Gee , let 's see , I just got through booting Retrospect , selecting `` Back Up '' and about 45 other steps directly involved with only one purpose
 Over the past two months I 've tried to get this software to create two sets of incremental backups of a Mac on two USB2 hard disks . Despite more than 20 years experience with computers , and a successful installation of Norton Ghost 9.0 backup software on a PC , I have not been able to get dantz Retrospect Backup 6.0 Desktop Macintosh to work on my system . I 'm sure that a dantz -LRB- TM -RRB- engineer could sit down in front of the Mac , execute a dozen or so commands and get it to work properly , but that would not in any way prove that Retrospect Backup 6.0 is an acceptable product . The problem of this , and many other software packages , is that there are a huge number of combinations of optional settings that do n't work , so if the errors are intermittant , it can take years to debug without proper guidance from the designers . The Retrospect Backup 6.0 backup manual is at least six times thicker than the manual that came with first MacIntosh computers . Its content usefulness is next to zero . The same can be said for the usefulness of the online help menus . The consumer expectation for a desktop backup solution is a single button guiding you through menus and getting the setup done and verified in five minutes . With so much easy-to-use and intuitive Mac and PC software available today , it is next to criminal for the dantz -LRB- TM -RRB- marketing materials to claim ease of use , especially software written for Mac , where the ease-of-use standard is very high . I recommend that people never buy any dantz -LRB- TM -RRB- software product . If the CEO feels otherwise , I 'd like to hear his/her case and I may reconsider . When they call I will only charge two dollars per minute .
 Nobody would give the authors of this software an ease-of-use award . From the outset it behaves as if it were written to please IT specialists and others whose careers depend on things being complicated and incomprehensible to mortals . Even when Retrospect is being directed to do something simple , it is not simple to do because it speaks some alien jargon . It could really serve as a model for bad interface design.It is n't much discussed , but the Mac is really lacking quality tools for backup , file synchronization , and similar critical tasks .
 ` Bought it , and sent it back for a refund . I should have believed all of the negative reviews that Retrospect received -LRB- on the Amazon site -RRB- . I am a skilled personal computer user who has installed and successfully operated a large amount of both software and hardware . However , I was unsuccessful at getting Retrospect to perform properly . My rating of Retrospect is `` Junk '' . Worse yet , I could not find a Help Line telephone number to talk with a real person - that might have made a big difference . They want you to use their website for ALL problem solving . Well think of this
 Loved Retrospect when it first came out . I 've used this version on 3 different computers . Some with freshly formatted source and destination drives . Never completes without errors that render the backup sets unusable . If you buy it make sure you suspect Retrospect first and not waste your valuable 30 days free support working on the drives as I did .
 Retrospect is a terrible software application for the ordinary Mac or Windows user . Both versions are complex and difficult to use , and the interfaces are extremely unintuitive . To make matters worse , EMC will want to charge you $ 69 if you need help with this indecipherable mess . I only hope that the Time Machine backup feature that debuts with Mac 's Leopard version of OS X will finally put this product out of business .
 Do n't buy this product - it just does n't work . I hoped that the other reviewers who had problems were using underpowered computers , but I could n't get it to work on my 3 year old Dell , with 2.4 GHz P4 , and 1MB RAM , which are far beyond the requirements Pinnacle specifies . The captured video was so jerky , it was unwatchable . I emailed Pinnacle 's tech support and got an automatic response that said I would hear from them in 24 hours . I think they meant 24 years , because 4 days later I have n't heard a work . I do n't know what works better - maybe a firewire capture would work .
 this product is terrible ! Does n't help me any to review it after all the time and money down the drain , but I just want to save someone else from making the same mistake . The software has so many bugs in it I ca n't believe that they can get away with marketing this garbage . The hardware does n't work any better . Tech support is non-existent unless you want to pay $ 40 per call -LRB- which I did and still proved to be another waste of money , they ask you questions like ` do you have the movie box plugged in ? ' -RRB- . Do Not waste your money or your time ! This company needs to be put out of business or drastically improve and take their clientele seriously .
 It is impossible to capture old VHS cassettes with this crappy product . It drops frames , makes picture go green sometimes and makes error sounds of its own when there is a worn-out spot on the tape . Definitely NOT recommended .
 I wasted more time trying to get this to work then it was worth . Tech support was marginal at best . If you have the perfect config and are lucky enough to get it to work than you are one of the lucky ones . I would look elsewhere .
 Terrible product from a truly awful company . Do yourself a favor and just do n't enter the world of frustration that is Pinnacle Systems . I hope this company goes out of business soon .
 I was seriously thinking of getting this product , but there are so many bad reviews about Pinnacle products , and especially their customer tech service I have second thoughts . Here I see several bad reviews from all over the country , suddenly followed by a `` great '' professionally sounding review from CA from `` A Reader '' . Pinnacle is located in Mountain View CA . Who do you believe ??
 My system is a 3.2 GHz P4 with 1GB RAM and an 80GB hard drive . First time I used it I could n't capture audio along with video . Upgraded from 9.0 to 9.4.3 which fixed audio problem but I was losing capture after 16 frames . Found patch for just this problem and applied it . In capture settings could not find description of VCR check box option and this cost me an hour trying to figure out why it would n't capture.Finally got capture working and it worked beautifully . Then when went to render movies I kept hitting scenes that `` stuck '' - audio continued but video froze . I would delete the scenes causing the video freeze to get around it . Finally got good quality AVI and MPEG movies from analog camcorder video.Next day I restarted system , started video feed playing and preview screen in Studio shows video and plays audio . I click Capture and the preview goes blank . I 've restarted Studio , unplugged Movie Box Deluxe , tried toggling the settings per Pinnacle 's suggestions but can not now capture video . Nothing has changed on my set up.Can you tell I 'm frustrated ? When it worked it produced high quality video but it 's too flaky to use . Try another product , it ca n't be any worse .
 * THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE REGULAR STUDIO 9 MOVIE BOX USB * The difference between the two seems to be a few more options in the software -LRB- I 'm guessing it 's stuff that Pinncale tries to get you to buy after installing the regular version ! -RRB- Otherwise they are the same.I purchased this THING at Best Buy after getting gift cards from Mother-In-Law and my wife with the explicit directions that I was to get some form of video capture and editing for all the Hi8 videos of our 11 month old daughter . I really wish she had asked me before she did this ... I would have told her to make sure that I can get something for my Mac , not for the PC . Anyway , I got the box home and began to install it . The software took a while but finally loaded and my PC recognized the device . Hooked up the camcorder , made sure all the settings were right -LRB- file storage , file type , etc -RRB- and pressed play on the camcorder . I noticed that the video and audio were very choppy in preview . I wrote it of as processing time . After capture -LRB- loooooooooong time ! -RRB- I checked the file and played it in preview ... audio and video still choppy , @ % * & thing droppd frames ! Grrrr.Tried it again , a little better . Tried to use the software to edit this video I had finally -LRB- after two days for two hours of video -RRB- captured . Crash ! Rre-open software try again , Crash ! Silly me ! I actually thought I would be able to use my software to edit the video that I captured ! What was I thinking !?! Studio 9 would not even recognize the video clips made on my Sony CyberShot . The software insisted that they were in PAL format!I had also tried to use the Dazzle DC80 , same results ! Same waste of time!I returned everything to Best Buy and tried to get them to give me the return amount back on my credit card . Unfortunately because the items were bought on gift cards they could not refund the money to me . Even after explaining that what I needed -LRB- Studio 9 Movie Box DV -LRB- Firewire -RRB- so that I could use my Mac - the better choice for video editing -RRB- So ... I was stuck with the gift carsds . I bought the ADT TV Wonder card last night , first 5 hours of video capture so far are great !
 I was so looking forward to using this software to capture & edit my video tapes , and put them on DVD . The moviebox & software did okay capturing the video . The editing & adding of chapters also went fairly smooth . But no matter how hard I tried I could not get the software to render my finished project to DVD . I checked pinnacle 's online tech support & forums . The only usefull info I could get was I was not the only one having this problem . I decided to return it to the store I purchased it from & take a $ 43.00 bite -LRB- 15 % repackaging fee & shipping back to store -RRB- . I 'm really not too disgruntled , it was a decent product otherwise . I just thought I 'd pass this info along . I 'm now looking into Adobe Premiere Elements & some type of capture device or card . We 'll see . Good luck to you . I know I 'll need it .
 When I first bought this I wanted to transfer my old video tapes to DVD . I have a very powerful Dell PC with plenty of RAM and free memory . At first the biggest problem I had was capturing video . Capturing directly from my VCR did not work well at all . The picture was skipping and the screen was distorted . I gave up on trying to transfer old videos and instead tried to copy programs I had recorded on my DVR directly to DVD . This process worked much better although I found that a huge buzzing sound was captured with the video which I still can not get rid of short of turning the volume on my capture all the way to zero . I burned two DVDs without trouble . Then inexplicably when I tried to create a new project the stupid thing had an error rendering to DVD . I tried everything that Pinnacle support said to do -LRB- which I read from user posts because it has been weeks and Pinnacle Tech support has still not answered my email -RRB- and the project still encountered an error during rendering . This caused many days of frustration as I tried different settings , recaptures , project recreations until finally , one day it decided to render . The DVD turned out pretty well but for some reason , I ca n't burn it nor watch the DVD on my computer . I can watch it on my DVD player and wanted to make a copy for my friend but ca n't . So , I recaptured the video and put it to the same settings that I had it when the project rendered sucessfully . Here we go again . The project encounters and error -LRB- by the way , that is the only info you get , a message saying `` The project has failed to render to DVD . '' -RRB- I have been going through the process again for days . The people who wrote good reviews for it probably had the same experience I had when I first used the product and it worked . However , try running it a few more times and its inconsistency will drive you mad . It amazes me that a program like that can be so blatently bad . One day it might work . Run the same exact project the next day and it wo n't . At first my problem was getting a good video capture , but I long for those days because now it is all about the programs refusal to render the video to DVD . It belongs in the garbage .
 Needed a method to convert some old VHS and digital videos to DVD 's for archival and future family use . This product looked like the solution . I wish . What I found was that the software , at least , and potentially the hardware were not up to the job . First , the software -LRB- with the latest 9.4.x update -RRB- is very poorly documented , and so one struggles to determine how to use the tools , and what thw workflow should be inside the three `` Capture - Edit - Make Movie '' steps that are provided . Second , watching the movie as you edit in the preview window I saw a number of times where the video and audio were repeatedly out of sync by a matter of several seconds . Would this show up on the completed movie ? I ca n't tell you because the rendering software required HOURS to render a 50 minute video . I ca n't tell you how many but I know it would be around 4-5 hours , however in every case the software froze before completing . In one case , it decided after hours of rendering that the video would n't fit the DVD-R media when it had told me the 50 minute length would fit the 80 minutes available on the DVD . Technical help in the package is very weak . I have a fairly decent Dell system with 628 MB of memory , and it runs other significantly strenuous software -LRB- Photoshop , ProShow Gold , etc. -RRB- with no problems . I would have liked to at least gotten one DVD compiled and burned to view the output - that might have provided some motivation for sticking with it , but , I can not recommend this package to anyone , beginner , intermediate or advanced user .
 This is absolutely the worst software purchase I 've ever made . Never have I had such a problem with an internet security program before . The previous edition worked fine , this one endlessly freezes up my computer , I have problems using the Mozilla browser , the list goes on and on . And in order to uninstall it from your system , you have to go on the Symantec website to get the instructions to remove it . One thing is certain , I 'll never try an updated version of this product again .
 They shipped the wrong product I asked for 2000 they sent 2005 which is not compatable with my operating system so Now I ca n't even use the product .
 I had to send back to Symantec . It would not download on my computer as I have Windows ME . I was told the 2005 edition would download on my computer , but it would n't . They are sending me a refund.I appreciate the fast service and the good attitude on the phone , and politeness given to me . They were ready to please the customer.Rita C.Clark
 I have been a Norton software user since 2000 . I switched from the AV to NIS in 2004 . It took me several months to get my computer setup where I was n't having problems . . problems which were sporatically added to support page gradually . Finally got it to work . However , when my subscription runs out in 2006 , I WILL NOT BUY ANOTHER SYMANTEC PRODUCT again . It is the worst software for using up resources . I had it on 4 computers and all of them slowed down considerably . I have now switched to using Trend Micro 's PC-Cillin Internet Security and free Adaware , Spybot S&D ; & SpywareBlaster . I am amazed on how much faster those computers run.I have not had any spyware , adware , or viruses using this setup . I also use an on-line virus/firewall scan just for my own satisfaction.I might also mention that uninstalling Norton is not enough . You have to clean out the registry also . Not something for the novice user . I do n't think installing over parts of the old Norton is a good idea as that is where problems occur . I have two friends who installed NIS/antispyware and are now having problems with sending/receiving email thru Outlook Express . Got no help from Norton -LRB- $ $ for phone call -RRB- & Norton says it is n't their problem but the provider or Outlook Express . Nothing like taking your money and then not resolving the problem . That is how they make up for giving it to you `` free '' . If you want it free , there are free antivirus & firewall software on line that are rated very good . If you have doubts , check some of the computer help pages . . see what they think about Norton.Buy it thru Amazon BUT do n't buy Norton !!
 `` Halo ? dis is Shbismeeerischkabob , kahney elp yu ? `` I loved Norton for years and never had to call them before . So what if they had a cash cow ? My computer was fine and it was well worth the 50 bucks a year.Not anymore baby . . You WILL be calling them eventually and the people on the other end are HELPLESS . You barely get through reading them the error code -LRB- because they have to repeat it -RRB- when they -LRB- somehow -RRB- manage to repeat your email address only to send you a ` stock ' fix-it document that MAY work.Eff You Norton!AND GET READY TO PAY 30 BUCKS PER INCIDENT !!!!!!!!!
 Upgrading two Pentium 4 computers from Norton Internet Security 2005 to Norton Internet Security 2005 AntiSpyware Edition resulted in the loss of Internet browsing capabilities on both machines . Suggested solutions on the Symantec web site were of no assistance . These machines had run earlier versions of Norton Internet Security without any problems . E-mail access works but internet browsing , whether through IE or Firefox , is disabled . Turning off Internet Security does not restore browsing capability , the computer must be rebooted with Internet Security disabled in order to browse the Internet.Live technical support is provided only on a charge per call basis .
 I purcashed the new NIS 2005 to replace my older copies of sameit wo n't un-install what it needs to by itself , i was on a help chat for 4 hours , trying to re-configure my computer , constantly re-installing and un-installing . now i have complelty removed all my anti virus and security software . and have nothing but a mess . if the box says it works for windows 2000 it should work without having to find on-line patches and fixs that take up your day and make your computer crash
 I have NIS 2004 . Ever since I installed it , Outlook Express frequently crashes when I boot up . Also , if OE does n't crash on booting up , I have to close it and open it up again , or trying to use the `` copy to '' function of OE will cause it to crash . The Microsoft Online Crash Analysis says these are problems caused by Norton Antispam , which is a component included in NIS . I have Antispam turned off . At the Norton website you have to negotiate a maze of support information which does not include soulutions for these bugs . After long searching I found a well-hidden support e-mail address . -LRB- There is no telephone support without paying a small fortune - even when the software is brand new . -RRB- I emailed a detailed description of my problem to the support person . He replied with a request for more information , almost entirely the same info I had included in my original email . I replied with everything he requested -- and never got a response . I emailed him a couple weeks later and still got no reply . So I 've been living with these problems ever since . One day I 'll get into the registry and see if I can remove Antispam as a start up item , even though it is turned off within NIS . I 've been using Norton products since I had an all DOS computer many years ago . I think their products have always been buggy and resource hogs . But at least they had some modicum of support . Well , that has been dialed back over the years to the point of being , in my opinion , effectively non-existent . . Plan on being on your own if you buy a Norton product .
 After reading many reviews , both postitive and negative , of the Norton Internet Security 2005 Antispyware Edition , I went ahead and purchased it . I have been a Norton user for years , so I decided to take a chance . It installed easily and worked beautifully for almost two months . Then my computer started crashing . After many attempts to find the root of the problem and after much expense , I am convinced , as other reviewers warned , the Norton software is to blame . Now I can not turn off my computer without its crashing ; I am unable to update my antivirus protection because I get a message via the Norton software that it can not make an Internet connection . -LRB- I have followed all directions for correcting this that is found on the Norton website , but nothing works . -RRB- Also , the software really slows down the receiving of email . And forget getting any help from Norton other than what is written on their website . In essence , I have paid a hefty sum for software that causes crashes , causes sluggish performance and worst of all , can not give me up-to-date protection . I feel totally ripped off . So tonight I am going to uninstall Norton -LRB- which from past experience I suppose will involve more than a simple uninstall click -RRB- and try PC-cillin . I would recommend any potential Norton buyers to beware .
 This would be a fantastic product if it did nothog all you resources . I bought it and finallyuninstalled it because it slowed down my systemway to much . If Symantec reads these reviews , which I dought , since this has been a problemfor years , please work on this problem . If theycut resource useage they would probably win backalot of coustomers .
 I 've used Norton for many , many years and have always sworn by it as the best anti-virus protection available on the market . With the 2003 version , I switched to Norton Internet Security and loved it . It 's always worked perfectly , and I 've bought a new year of definitions each year . I planned to update my NIS 2003 version again this year when it expired , but about a month before the expiration , I got an offer from Symantec to buy the NIS 2005 Antispam version for a low price . I decided to go ahead and upgrade from 2003 to 2005 at the low price.Last weekend my subscription to NIS 2003 expired , so instead of re-subscribing , I instead downloaded and installed the NIS 2005 version . That 's when the problems started . After downloading and installing , I updated the virus definitions . This went fine , and I thought I was through with it . A while later I went into the NIS program and when I opened it up , only part of the screen appeared -- the border , without the middle with all the buttons to click . It did this everytime I opened the program , so I decided to reinstall the program . After restalling and updating the definitions , again I thought I was through.Little did I know my troubles were just starting . After installing the NIS 2005 , I could no longer go onto the internet . My computer also started freezing up . I had to restart it numerous times and as I tried to troubleshoot it . After about an hour , I just said to myself let my computer work long enough before freezing up so I could uninstall NIS 2005 . After a while , I was able to do that.Once I uninstalled NIS 2005 , I again assumed I was back to business . I would just look for another anti-virus and firewall program . But no , I could not go on the internet . I checked my wireless connections and found the IP addresses for my network were all screwed up . I worked on it for hours , checking and rechecking my network connections . I reinstalled my wireless card . I tried another wireless card . Nothing worked , after a whole day of working on it . Finally I had to admit that NIS 2005 had completely hosed my computer and my network connection.So after many wasted hours , and many more curses at Symantec for its product , I had to use Windows XP System Restore to roll my computer back to how it existed prior to the NIS fiasco . I decided to use the free McAfee anti-virus and firewall available to me from AOL . However , McAfee could n't install because it detected an existing anti-virus program on my computer , even though I had deleted Norton NIS 2005 . I had to go to the Symantec website and download 3 different programs , and run them , along with deleting various files and registry entries , in order to finally get rid of all the various pieces of NIS 2005 and my prior NIS 2003 . So after being a good Norton customer for many years , I 've now gone to the other side of another good customer who has now been hosed by Norton software that screwed up my computer and internet connection ! I hate to say it , but now I 'll never be a Norton customer again , and can not recommend the program to anybody . The risks are n't worth it.Raleigh1208
 Norton Internet Security 2005 will completely take over your system processing time bringing your computer to its knees !! . NIS will protect your PC , but it will also convert a P4 2.66 GHz with 768MB RAM in to a lethargic computer . For NIS to run it uses more than 21 processes that take almost 40MB of your valuable system RAM , it is absurd.Worst of all , try to access their inexistent support ... you do n't have the right for even one call . They only take calls from corporate customers/products . Go for some other product , RUN AWAY ! do n't use this one ! . I did not followed others reviews , what a big mistake !!
 -LRB- . , . . -RRB- I have used Norton AntiVirus for many years , and thought I would dutifully upgrade . After many hours of struggling , hitting about 1/2 of the first two depth levels of installation problems for WinXP in their online installation help pages , I gave up . I read the little installation guide , I did what it asked , and I got nothing for my money . And my operating system had to be re-installed in the end.NIS 2004 was installed , but had to be removed ... manually after the `` removal of -LSB- co-branded product -RSB- '' failed . I did NOT appreciate having to manually hack my registry as they recommend at one point , nor to download and run an MS windows installation repair tool to clean up all the Norton install failure garbage , nor to have to install a Verisign cert into my Internet Explorer -LRB- required for downloaded ActiveX automated installation assistant , netscape not allowed -RRB- so that another piece of their software can start running on my computer . Get real ! They should be paying us to debug their installation software ! NIS 2005-ase did not install for me , and my OS was left trashed.Thanks to Amazon , though , for a prompt friendly refund of my unopened second NIS package.Addendum
 I have uninstalled this software , which came on my new Dell Computer . The problem with the firewall is that it is heavy handed and blocks many things that it should n't . For example , Musicmatch super-tagging ca n't connect -LRB- and I certainly tried to configure NIS to allow Musicmatch to connect -RRB- ; blogger.com 's click-to-edit function vanished ; Diskeeper 9 could not install ; and so on . Once I went back to Windows XP firewall , all these functions resumed working . I went to Webroot 's Spy Sweeper 4.0 , and it immediately found 6 spyware cookies that NIS had allowed . I tried turning off the anti-spam function because I use the uncannily accurate Cloudmark -LRB- www.cloudmark.com -RRB- , but the Norton anti-spam toolbar kept returning every time I restarted Outlook . I tried to get on-line help from Symantec , but it was useless . I would avoid this product totally .
 I have used Norton Utilities programs for years and had upgraded to Internet Security 2005 a few months before this came on the market . When a scan alerted me that my computer was n't fully protected because my version lacked spyware detection , of course I upgraded immediately . My computer has n't worked properly since . My email started filling up with spam , the computer started losing internet connections , reading errors , and slowing way down . I kept checking Norton 's status and running scans and updates , but to no avail . I tried online diagnostics , online help suggestions and finally live online help , but no one even understood what I was talking about . `` If everything has a green check mark then it 's working fine - do n't worry about a thing . '' Except that it was n't working at all . I finally purchased MacAfee last week and it immediately detected 3 viruses and a Trojan horse that the `` working perfectly '' Norton had n't . Symantec ca n't explain themselves and is giving me the runaround on a refund , so I 'll never trust them again .
 After installing this product yesterday , having my computer repeatedly crash whenever outlook is open , calling long distance and speaking to someone who does not know English , and learning that it will take 6 to 8 weeks to get a refund from Symantec directly after I pay to send everything back to them-I want to warn everyone not to get this product . I have had norton antivirus 2003 and it worked great . My subscription ran out , I decided to upgrade and caused myself nothing but trouble !! If you do n't use Microsoft Outlook for e-mail , you might not have problems , but literally my computer continuously freezes when retrieving e-mail . I had `` i-hate-spam '' and `` i-hate-pop-ups '' and I highly recommend that product along with a virus program , maybe AVG . I read the negative reviews and ignored them because of previous positive experiences with Norton . This product is BAD !! Do n't ignore the warnings !!
 - NIS 2005 is not smart enough to install over and earlier version of internet security - NIS 2004 -LRB- yes , 2004 -RRB- was not uninstalling itself completely -LRB- it still kept it 's CD deep in the registry -RRB- and I followed all uninstalltion steps , including Windows Utility cleanup - NIS 2005 is not smart enough to remove any REMAINING old components of earlier versions of internet security - NIS 2005 , now confused with 2 CD-keys deep in the resgistry , will no longer go beyond the install link on the setup diskIn other words , NIS 2005 is by far the dumbest program as far as installation and uninstalltion goes . When a user tells the computer to install/uninstall , is needs to do exactly that , and no other bullshlock . But for some ineptitude reason , Norton just has to be an ass.It gets worse . Because the spyware edition would now , no longer even attempt to install , I decided to reinstall NIS 2004 . According to the installation process , everything installed fine . Yeah right ! It did not even re-ask me for the CD-key , that 's why I knew it was still embedded in my system !! After I opened up NIS 2004 for the first time -LRB- after reinstallation do to failure of NIS 2005 -RRB- , two major problems occurred
 I am a long-time fan of Norton , and have used it for many , many years . Hence my extreme disappointment that when I installed this Spyware version as an upgrade to NIS 2004 , it refused to do a System Scan , or to scan my incoming or outgoing email.I spent a full day with their tech reps , priority/work job # 23218850 , who were completely unable to solve the problem
 Shortly after I purchased this product I found out that it can be downloaded free from Microsoft . My loss should be your gain . please do n't make my mistake . the downloaded product is identical with the exception that no license is required to use it .
 I am supposed to use this product to update the web pages monthly for a non-profit organization . After exploring the menus and the manual , I still do n't know how and where to start . I usually can figure out in a short time how to use new software however complicated , such as QuarkExpress , InDesign , PageMaker , FrameMaker , Illustrator , Dream Weaver , Front Page , etc. , by exploring the menus and the samples with the help of its manual .
 Purchased the product a month ago via Amazon from a third party supplier and it is yet to be delivered . Amazon should review some of their partnerships as I purchased a laptop at the same time directly from Amazon and I received it almost 3 weeks ago .
 I would like to say I could give a review , but I never recieved the product from Swallowtrip . It would have been nice to know how they were sending the product or have some tracking info . I waited for a month and never recieved the product . The only way to contact Swallowtrip it by emailing through Amazon . I got one response from them and I sent them 3 other emails with no response . I do n't recommend buying through Swallowtrip . Fortunately , Amazon took care of the refund .
 TO ; Amazonseller15@yahoo.comI emailed you last night concerning my purchase . On closer examination after checking my Amazon purchase recent I noticed that the software you sent was not what I ordered . My order was for the Small Business Full Version 2007 whereas the one you sent was a scaled down version Office Professional . I feel like I 'm being scammed here . I expect you to rectify this . I did open the software and install it thinking it be the one I ordered . In spite of this due to the wrong being shipped I expect a full refund or the correct software mailed to me . MR . Monkiewicz
 What can anybody say about software for which there is no choice but to buy ? Ca n't do without it - had to buy it . Therefore I think the deal could be better .
 Microsoft Office 2007 is really bad . It has lost functionality . Programs that worked simplyMicrosoft Office Small Business 2007 FULL VERSIONnow hide all the basics that we use all the time.Outlook should be renamed LookOut!Programs really are not seemless . Word and Outlook should be under one source.I hate it ! My wife went back to the old version and I am thinking of doing the same.What was Bill Gates thinking ??
 I have been using a trial version of Office 2007 and it has been nothing but difficult and frustrating . I am an advanced user of Excel and PPT , however in this version I feel like a beginner - as if I 've hardly ever used Office products before . The use of the ribbon instead of the drop down menu completely changes the entire user experience and I will definitely not be buying ' 07 . I recommend going to the MS site and downloading a free trial of '07 prior to purchasing - I really had no idea how different the interface would be and I 'm glad I only have a trial version and can easily get rid of it .
 I believe the next time Microsoft makes a new version of the Microsoft Office Suite , perhaps they should go back to DOS . I have never had the displeasure that I have now since purchasing this software suite . Imagine everything you know about Microsoft Office being stripped away and being replaced with a new program that has the same exact functionality -LRB- nothing new what so ever -RRB- , only every button , check box , function , and flexibility being stripped away . What you are imagining now is the new 2007 version . If you buy this program , the moment you start it for the first time , you will realize you made a mistake . Go back to 2003 .
 I ca n't review a product that I never got . I bought Office 2007 and received Office 2002 . No response after two attempts to try to get seller to correct the sale . Fraud !
 I ordered what I thought was a new Microsoft office 2007 - Full Version . I received an envelope with a copy of a disk in it with a Microsoft authorization key . I do n't believe it is a legal copy . I asked for a refund and return instructions . I emailed my request to the seller and was asked `` Huh , who are you ? '' . Included in the email was the amazon order number .
 Sorry Microsoft , but your `` ribbon '' user interface is the most retarded upgrade feature ever . It renders all your Office applications useless . I have no interest spending hours to learn a completely different UI and to recustomize the toolbar all over again -LRB- I 'm not even sure if it 's even possible to customize the `` ribbon '' -RRB- . The ribbon is ugly and WAY , WAY , WAY , WAY too big.My advice
 I was under the impression I was to receive a full version of Office Prof 2000 instead I got a key number that has to be used with a new computer that is not over 90 days old . I have an old Windows vista that had the trial verson but the computer was purchased at Sam 's as the display so it was over 90 days old . I spent right at 200 dollars on a key number I can not use . I have emailed the company and I have not gotten a response as yet 5 weeks now . My husband bought a laptop 6 months ago but never tried to use the office and I tried to use the key on it with no luck so I guess I am out 200 dollars that sucks . The company needs to say it is for OEM -LRB- new computers -RRB- before they sell it to people that do not know what OEM means .
 Office 2007 is designed to make things easier , but it just kills your productivity . I spend more time hunting for features I knew how to use in previous versions or trouble-shooting bugs on features that were incompletely tested in the rush to market . I do n't want to watch the MS tutorials or look at all the MS cross references to find out how to do something , I 've been doing for 15 years . Software is supposed to automate processes and make tasks easier -- Office 2007 really missed the boat . I did figure out how to add the commands I use a lot to the Quick Access Toolbar and if you right-click on some things , familiar windows and menus pop up ... but it now takes multiple clicks to do something you used to do with one click.I had downloaded the 60-day Trial Version and hated it and was actually going to try to find an Office 2003 version , which is compatible with Windows 7 , to load on my new laptop . However , the older versions were about the same price as 2007 and I thought I might be forced to upgrade in the near future ... just to stay compatible ... and did n't want to pay another hefty license fee again . I only bought 2007 , because it came with a free option to download the 2010 version for free-which I 'm hoping will be an improvemnt to 2007 . Stay with Office 2003 -LRB- or even older versions -RRB- until you have to upgrade .
 Amazing that a company would release a 2007 version of their product with less functionality than the 2000 version , but Microsoft did.And what 's with the Ribbons crap . You want me to send all of my employees to a training class because you decided to file all the commands in new locations.You disabled hot-keys - that 's insane.Thank goodness we saved the Office 2000 Disc.For a few applications we are using Google docs.I see a huge opportunity to replace Microsoft office.Monopoly today - gone tomorrow !
 The new ribbon design is supposed to make it easier to learn and use . It may be for some new users but for experienced users , it is n't . This version takes away some critical nuts & bolts customization features and many tasks now take longer to perform . This is not due to the learning curve , it is the inherent nature of the way the ribbon works . Once you are familiar with the program , nothing is faster than the old menu structure . If Microsoft added an option to allow users to choose between menus and ribbons , it would be the best of both worlds , satisfying the needs of both new and experienced users . The new version does not run macros as fast however . My recommedation for existing users
 I 'm an expert user of version 2003 . Our work computers are now v2007 . So far , there are at least 4 things that I used to use/do on a daily basis that are not available in 2007 -LRB- e.g. , no drawing or tables tool bars -RRB- making my job infinitely more difficult and slower . I learn quickly , but this program is not intuitive when changing from 2003 . For example , why would `` page break '' be on one ribbon and all the rest -LRB- e.g. , the variety of section breaks -RRB- somewhere else . The whole list of choices is there somewhere -LRB- I found it once -RRB- , but finding it takes way too much time . When I am in a time crunch -LRB- typically -RRB- I take my work home to use my 2003 . Why is n't there at least an option for the old style menu so those of us who used to be experts could get up to speed more easily . I 've been using 2007 for about 6 weeks now and have been acutely wary of the change over phenomenon that creates resistence to using something new . I 've really tried . I 've used several kinds of external programs designed to help find things -LRB- including the 2007 help menu -RRB- . This helps occassionally , but I often get the answer that this function is no longer available in the 2007 version . I 'm thinking I need to bring my own computer to work to get something done . Avoid 2007 if you can .
 After all these years , the trolls in Redmond still have not learned how to produce user-friendly software . There was no reason to make the changes to Office that they 've made ; it was simply a way to justify an unnecessary upgrade that has turned out to be a downgrade . Users with a moderate understanding of how Office operated will find themselves flummoxed when attempting to do things they had finally learned how to do in the old version.The much-vaunted ribbons are confusing and counter-intuitive . Microsoft addresses this problem by offering free self-paced trainng courses , apparently oblivious to the fact that time iS money , unless of course , it 's Microsoft 's time.At the very least , one expects backward compatibility , that is unless you 're dealing with Mr. Bill 's minions . I loaded Word files created with Office XP , only to find the Office 2007 converted them with serious defects , like inserting tabs in all paragraphs whenever you inserted one in a single paragraph . And , of course , if you delete a tab stop from one paragraph , you delete it from all of them.Useless .
 I am a long time and heavy MS Office user . I have a 2-year old computer with 1-gig of ram . My operating system is XP . I installed Office Small Business 2007 and found it running very slow even after doing all updates . I have uninstalled the program and gone back to Office 2000 . Ahh , what a relief!A key problem for me was if I had 2 different Word documents open or a Word and Excel document open and I wanted to switch back and forth between them -- I 'd get an hourglass for 30 seconds or more ! With Office 2000 there is no delay at all . Also , having to `` Save As '' a version that I can email to others just seems dumb . Extra steps in my work day are not wanted ; - -RRB- There are many features such as using Autosum , Spell Check or Insert which require extra clicks to get to in 2007 as well . Things are arranged in tabs so you have to click on the Format tab then click Auto Sum . Later if you want to do something else you have to find that tab and then click on the feature you want.Other issues ; the programs take quite a while to open initially , I color areas in spread sheets a lot . In 2000 I can pull the pallet down and access any color in 1 click . 2007 does not allow this -LRB- so at least 2 clicks are needed -RRB- and there are less colors available -LRB- unless you perform 3 clicks to get to get to the expanded pallet -RRB- .
 Vista has a twin , and its name is Office 2007 . And I 'm embarrassed to admit I failed to do the research I should have done , and typically thoroughly do before buying anything . Yes , it got me . I was lulled by thoughts of , `` I know Windows and Office applications like the back of my hand -- how different could it possibly be ? '' And why should n't I think that given the compatibility and cohesion of past Office versions ? Like many I 'm sure , even with new or updated MS products I 've pretty much always been able to , at the very * least * , intuit and immediately execute core commands -- read
 If you are a serious user of reference books and you intend to buy multimedia encyclopedia because of its text content and not multimedia features such as videos and animations , you might be interested in this brief comparison between Microsoft Encarta and Encyclopaedia Britannica -LRB- in both cases I 've been trying 2002 Standard Edition -RRB- . Some of the Encarta 's plusesCharacters displayEncarta displays practically all foreign characters correct -LRB- e.g. Slovenian and Czech c with a circumflex , other Central European characters , Portuguese a and Spanish n with a tilde , French e with a grave accent , etc. -RRB- while Britannica does n't . Two concrete examples
 I bought this program to make a website and it has been a big disappointment !!! After I click on something -LRB- to move , or edit , or whatever -RRB- I ususally have to wait about 10-15 seconds for whatever I clicked to highlight so I can work with it -- It 's terribly slow and makes working a drag . What 's even more horrible is that it repeatedly freezes up and crashes my computer ... I 'm lucky if I can work in 5 minute incriments before having the program freeze up . Unfortunately , the book that comes with the software is nothing but a book of clip art images ... It has no troubleshooting . If you want to call Microsoft for help , it gives you a Toll charge number . It also gives an 800 number in which you are charged `` a fee '' . What awful service !! And beware too -- stores wo n't take back opened software packages due to copyright laws and such . So I 'm stuck with this awful dud !! A total waste of money.PS -- The web templates they include in the package are very amateurish and a real disappointment too . If you 're looking to get a good web-building program , I have used Microsoft 's professional publishing program , Publisher 2000 , before and was really impressed . I wish I would have bought that , even though it is ... more expensive than Picture It!Publishing Platinum . The only good thing I can say about Picture It ! Publishing Platinum is that the clip art collection is amazingly good . Other than that ... . thumbs down !
 Was upset to see all the bad reviews after buying in the store . Anyways , decided to install the program right away and test it out to make sure all was working well . GladI looked at the other reviews . Turns out I can not even get the program to run on my computer , something is very wrong with it . Even uninstalled & reinstalled to make sure.As the other reviewers stated , Microsoft is no help and has absolutely no customer support for this product . IT 's going back to the store ...
 Bought this program because I had home publishing 99 and liked it a lot . Program takes up almost 3 gigs -LRB- ! -RRB- with full install . If you want , you can do the minimum install -LRB- 700 megs -RRB- and spend your day swapping the 5 cd 's . Program is very slow to respond ; 5-10 second delays after every click -LRB- Pentium 4 3 gig , 250 meg harddrive , gforce4 ti4600 -RRB- . Program also crashes quit frequently . But , the most annoying thing is the advertisements for scanners , digital cameras , books , etc that take up the left third of the screen . In addition , there is no way to turn them off . Called Microsoft tech support and was informed that the advertisements are hard-coded into the program . The tech suggested I purchase a bigger monitor -LRB- LCD - expensive -RRB- or that I disconnect my broadband internet connection -LRB- not ! -RRB- . That 's when I asked for an RMA number . Sent it back yesterday after 6 hours of frustration .
 I have used an older edition for some years and just loved it . Thought it would be good to upgrade with my new XP operating system.I paid for this program at least twice with all the tech calls I made trying to get it to stop crashing not just the program but more seriously the system as well . After my 5th call to Oregon , and an hour or more on the phone , still crashs the system . It is now toast as far as I am concerned . Reinstalled my old program and it works fine . Keep your money .
 I have had this program and used it for a couple months now . It is absolutely awful ! I have Picture it 2001 and loved it . Somebody broke one of my discs and I am unable to use it so I figured I 'll just upgrade . This program does crash way to much . Try every project I have ever worked on . Picture quality is not there . Very little templates compared to 2001 version . It is a very sad product .
 The packages says there is a 30 day money back guarantee . The thing is , stores wo n't take it back , so you have to figure out where to send it to . The time involved , cost for packing and posting are not worth the effort . So , do n't even think about taking the box off the shelf!I bought this porgram to catch two birds with one stone - I wanted to create flyers and manipulate my digital photos . There are better packages out there for the latter . Even Kodak 's standard software that come with EasyShare cameras delivers 10 times better results . As to the flyers , the few provided templates are lousy . If you want to change them , the software starts to act strangely
 I found this program easy to use to create my documents , especially to incorporate digital pictures , but have difficulty printing . The file sizes are huge and the program itself takes up a lot of memory . I have tried printing at kinkos and several other printshops , all unsuccessfully . I will go back to microsoft publisher .
 I feel lucky if I can run the program for 15 minutes without it locking up on my XP machine . I bought it for the feature of being able to do things like a newsletter , and save it as a webpage , which works slick . But , the program hangs a lot , runs slow , and behaves strangely . One example , I added a 2nd page to my newsletter project , but it would not allow me to add anything -LRB- not even a text box -RRB- to the 2nd page . Not worth the money at all .
 I purchased this software thinking it might have a few more graphics than the 2002 edition which I used all the time . Install was a nightmare . It kept telling me to uninstall 2002 and yet XP would n't let me -LRB- P VI - XP Home -RRB- . Finally my geek used a work-around to install it . Once I got it up and running it placed little green squares wherever a graphic was supposed to be . I finally called Microsoft and they knew of the problem but informed me that `` there is no fix for that . '' I asked when they thought there might be a fix available . `` Never . '' Why would you release software with a major problem such as described and never provide a fix for it ? I returned it and got my money back . Only problem is I can not find a replacement program that I like as well as PIP 2002 -LRB- and that was uninstalled -RRB- . Bottom line
 Installed OK on XP/Home and have tried every conceivable way to simply open a JPG file on a LAN based server . Twenty minutes later , all I see is the hour-glass cursor -- not even a file dialog box.This product is going back to the store .
 Do n't buy it . It does n't even crop well . This program is impossible to use . It takes me forever to fix a simple thing from a picture , even croping out parts of a picture is nearly impossible . THe program has features such as edge finder and color edge finder but it 's just impossible to use . Buy Adobe Photoshop instead . For nearly the same price , it 's so much better .
 Although this package comes with several disks of print templates and a large , searchable list of clip art , it is not worth the money -LRB- even with rebates -RRB- . It does not work reliably on the two machines I 've tried it on . Both machines had all of the prerequisite software installed and working -LRB- Internet Explorer 6 and Outlook Express 6 -RRB- before installing PIP Platinum AE.It still crashes and freezes way too often . I 've learned to save every time I make even a minor edit knowing that I WILL have to restart the program and/or the computer . In addtion , all of the graphics included in the many greeting card templates -LRB- birthday , Mother 's Day , etc -RRB- are blurry and look amateurish when printed.Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere for a print package .
 First used on Win 98 ... locked up constantly , then tried XP , runs agonizingly slow . The `` Help '' is not so helpful , basically it is a terrible package . Wish I had checked the reviews first .
 This program has been a big disappointment to me . I have Picture It 99 , and it is great . But I thought an upgrade would be good . I want to work with my digital pictures , including the ones that are already stored in the Picture It 99 program . But I ca n't find out how to move those picture over to the new program . And in Picture It 99 , I can put in one word for a Search , such as `` Mexico '' and it will bring up every file with that name in it . I ca n't find out how to do this with the new program . Every thing I have tried to do has been a failure , and the built-in Help does n't help , as evidently I ca n't find the desired capabilities because this program has LESS features than the previous one.I believe it does have some new features such as Illusions that might do great things with pictures , but I ca n't bring up my pictures to use the new stuff . So again it is a disappointment .
 If you are a serious user of reference books and you intend to buy multimedia encyclopedia because of its text content and not multimedia features such as videos and animations , you might be interested in this brief comparison between Microsoft Encarta and Encyclopaedia Britannica -LRB- in both cases I 've been trying 2002 Standard Edition -RRB- . Some of the Encarta 's plusesCharacters displayEncarta displays practically all foreign characters correct -LRB- e.g. Slovenian and Czech c with a circumflex , other Central European characters , Portuguese a and Spanish n with a tilde , French e with a grave accent , etc. -RRB- while Britannica does n't . Two concrete examples
 This software stopped my Encarta Reference Suite 2001 from working and it automatically installs Internet Explorer ver . 6 which made it impossible for me to download images on AOL . I would prefer software that does n't affect other software that is already installed on the computer .
 This software stopped my Encarta Reference Suite 2001 from working and it automatically installs Internet Explorer ver . 6 which made it impossible for me to download images on AOL . I would prefer software that does n't affect other software that is already installed on the computer .
 With so many versions and variety it is hard tom make purchasing decisons . THe product information is not much help in deciding between need for UPGRADE version , full verion , box with product key etc. . I am not buying because I cant figure out what I need to buy and the differences between the version products .
 Microsoft Publisher 2007 Version UpgradeI purchased this upgrade expecting some new tools and better templates but I was disappointed . Not much new in my opionion . I like the older versions better . As Publisher gets upgraded over the years it does n't change enough to make the purchase of the upgraded program worth it . Save your money .
 I ordered Microsoft Home and Student 2007 . When I recevied it and tried to use it it would not work . In looking at some of the files I found that this Copy was no longer valid after October 26 , 2009 . I could never even get up the screen to put in the registeration key . I needed this software very badly to prepare resumes because I am unemployed . Now I do n't have what I need and will have to wait for my refund before I can purchase a valid copy . Please be very careful of any software you purchase from this seller.Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007
 Do n't buy this upgrade ! It is cumbersome and not at all user friendly . On top of that ... the website portion DOES NOT WORK . It does not `` upload '' to your website . After much frustration trying to update my website with this software ... I went back to Publisher 2000 and everything worked FINE using the old version . The old version is so much easier to use . This upgrade is definitely not worth getting . The changes made make the product HARDER to use . . not easier . It 's a stinker .
 I had the required software for an update -LRB- according to the update software -RRB- . I had/have MS office Pro 2003 with publisher 2003 and the software would not load . I got a message of `` can not file a file '' and the install set-up would stop and exit.Piece of crap !!! Lucky the seller was willing to give me my money back .
 I have used other versions of M.S. Publisher , what I can not fathom , is why this driving need by people to `` fix '' that which is not broken and in the process make a complete mess of a great product . Publisher is a great example of what Microsoft does to so many of it 's base programs . They have taken a product which had wonderful capabilities , then gave it to a team of people who DO NOT USE IT ON A DAILY basis and told them to `` fix '' it.And `` fix '' it they did , each time an upgrade now is released from Microsoft you can rest assured that everyone involved did not have the end user in mind when they began to change the program.I do not need to go into what is wrong with this upgrade nor the new publisher which has been released . Everyone who uses it knows what is wrong with it . Microsoft would do well to quit trying to repair that which is not broken and try a new approach and ask end users what they would like to see added to enhance a product , not take away from a product or change in such a way that you can no longer rely on the product.Personally after putting up with years of Microsoft changing every program which I enjoyed using , thinking things were going to get better , only to discover that they did not . I went back to Mac . At least now , I know that I can rely on the changes to work with the previous programs.Yes I still keep a PC in the office as the rest of the world has not yet changed , but Microsoft is the best reason for people to change systems . And that is truly a great shame as years ago , you could rely on Windows to work , the biggest problem was security which they have never bothered to fix , repair or secure.As always this is but one man 's opinion , no matter how right I choose to believe I am at the moment I write this .
 It 's you basic email program , it does absolutely nothing special , except cost a fortune . Try the free program Thunderbird , it is made by the same folks who make the web browser Firefox . Works very well and its free . Excellent interface
 Before you buy this product you need to know that most of the new good features that Outlook 2007 contains , do not work without the rest of Office 2007 . The new features specifically are not supported by Office 2003 , so Outlook 2007 is pretty much a downgrade from Outlook 2003 unless you buy Office 2007 as well . I hope I can return the product and reinstall Outlook 2003 .
 Well , i had high hopes for this product , but once again Microsoft ca n't program themselves out of a paper bag . Same problems as with older versions , use this program to sync to my Verizon Pocket PC for the Calendar feature , but it takes 4-5 tries to get Outlook and Vista to work together to even see my phone , let alone the 4-5 times it takes to get everything to sync into my phone ... Went back to Mozilla -LRB- from Firefox -RRB- as my workhorse e-mail gatherer ... I just wish Microsoft would get off their `` high-horse , '' admit they have messed up since the first incursion of Windows and re-write the OS so that it can run correctly . If the door is broken and does n't open right or ca n't locked , painting it a bright color and putting a new doorbell on wo n't help !!!! And Microsoft still wonders why you need virus / security suite protection , when Apple 's stuff does not need it ... . oh well , `` if it 's broke do n't fix it '' is a big neon sign in Seattle , WA inside Microsoft headquarters ...
 What a disappointment . I have a dual-core , 2GHz processor , 2GBytes of RAM , and Outlook 2007 on Vista is too slow to use . When I try to compose an email , the busy cursor is almost only on . When it goes out , all that I have to do to bring it back is enter a single key stroke . It can not begin to keep up with my typing , and editing a typo is impossible.I 've turned off as much of the indexing , as many of the widgets as I can , disabled all the RSS feeds , etc. , but no joy.At this point , I 'm hoping a service pack will fix my problem , but I am not a happy camper .
 This is the most unstable software I have ever used . It has crashed at least 50 times this weekend , as I ca n't even keep it open long enough to fix it . Google `` Outlook 2007 crashes '' and you 'll see I 'm far from alone . If you can get it running , it 's apparently the slowest email client ever . Yeah , Google `` Outlook 2007 slow '' , too .
 Microsoft obviously has no problem releasing products that do n't work the way they should . When I first bought Outlook 2007 I could not even perform a simple transfer of `` emails '' or `` email contacts '' from the previous version to the new one . It was unreal as it actually took MONTHS for the new version to update itself to the point where I could FINALLY perform those simple tasks.The worse part about Outlook 2007 is that it is unreliable . Even after 2 + years , the program is always shutting down on it 's own ; and then every time it restarts itself , you have to reset the window pane view to your preference , just another annoying procedure to put up with.While Microsoft is always constantly reminding me with endless , annoying warning that I do n't need . Microsoft does the unthinkable in Outlook 2007 in that you can accidentally delete your all-important `` Contacts '' WITHOUT ever knowing it and if you do n't realize or catch it , THEY ARE GONE ! All you have to do is accidentally hit the wrong key while your contact list is open and you will find out ! How could Microsoft overlook something so important ?! It 's the little flaws that end up being so annoying that take the fun out of using the program . For example , The `` auto fill '' drop down -LRB- when entering a persons email -RRB- is always inconsistent . Sometimes it works , sometimes it does not . Basically the program does what IT wants to do , not what YOU want it to do.UPDATE 2011 , I grew to like this program as many of the kinks were eventually worked out , but the program still fails miserably for the mere fact that Microsoft released when they did with little regard to the hell it put me through for the first 1-2 years since the program was not even close to being fully functionalIt only took a few months and a little luck that I happened to come across a hint that you can enter a contacts `` birthday '' and or `` anniversary date '' that will show on the calendar . While you might think this should be intuitively simple to figure out , there 's a little trick . Of course they could have made it easier , but they obviously did n't want to do that.There is really nothing smooth or intuitive about Outlook 2007 , like so many other Microsoft products you can spend hours trying to figure out just the very basics . Of course if it was an iPhone , you would probably be able to figure things out on your own with simple common sense , but not with Microsoft products . Overall it 's a frustrating program , while there are times that I have liked it , the whole experience of learning this contraption has been draining over the past few years . It 's a shame there is n't more competition for Microsoft as nothing ever seems simple with their products . The bottom line is that if the program does n't work properly , then it probably should not be released to the public .
 Prior to August 31 , 2009 Outlook 2007 was a useful and versatile tool for managing contacts , schedules , Email etc. . However , if you are an -LSB- ... -RSB- user and are considering buying Outlook 2007 to expand your Office or Email capabilities I HIGHLY recommend saving your money , or changing from MSN to another ISP before purchasing this product . Microsoft changed it 's MSN servers effective Sept. 1 , 2009 which caused many issues effectively negating many of the reasons why you would use Outlook , and are literally not supporting the problems caused to Outlook by their server changes . They 're only response is to download Outlook Connector which will enable you to `` use '' Outlook 2007 & 2010 but it will not resolve the issues with synchronizing Outlook with your MSN mailbox etc. . They want to force you to use Windows Live ! web based mail services which effectively removes the need or usefullness of Outlook . I , as many others have been trying in vein to get resolutions from Microsoft , but they are not addressing the issues , and refuse to comment or acknowledge there even are issues . If you have n't purchased Outlook and are on MSN for your ISP and Email services , do n't waste your money . Wait to see if Outlook 2010 resolves the issues , or change your ISP before buying Outlook 2007 . Otherwise , you 're just burning $ 100 for nothing . Believe me , you will spend hours and hours of time on hold at Microsoft 's Tech Support phone support , or waste countless hours researching their support `` solutions '' only to find there is no solution as of this date -LRB- Feb. 24 , 2010 -RRB- , and that nobody at Microsoft will acknowledge the isssues , much less offer any workable resolution that will fully recover all the features you 're buying Outlook for . If you 're going to use this in an office environment with an Exchange Server , and have an IT staff and internal support system , then you will be fine . Home or individual users however , have been virtually swept under the rug at this point.Update July 2011
 This was purchased primarily for the calendar function and address book . It is slow , requires more key strokes and requires that my Dell Inspiron 1100 have additional RAM . It will not do certain functions necessary to preserve an accurate record of appointments when the appt . is recurring and I want to edit one or more of the series . It restores all previous edits to the original series status , deleting any individual appt . edits . It also deletes records older than six months according to what colleagues have said . BUT , it has n't locked up my PC like the very user friendly Palm OS did , resulting in whole days worth of lost scheduling .
 You will probably be more productive and less bug ridden if you stick with what you have .15 years of Outlook and you ca n't print a single address label or an envelope with one click . -LRB- or 10 clicks for that matter -RRB- There is no function to easily print out mailing labels either.Lets remember Outlook is a Contact manager ... next to many other things ... Maybe Outlook 2010 will be the answer .
 I have used outlook for years because I like its potential . However , it is the hardest software to set up I have ever experienced . The is no live person or chat support to assist one in setting up e-mail . Neither Quest or Bresnan support Outlook . Why not ? Your software is supposed to save me time and make me more productive . All it has so far done is take up my time and cost me money .
 This is a good product if you are familiar with current word procedures and functions.No handbook or instructions are included and would have to be purchased separately . I had not used word since 95 , and had a very hard time figuring out what was needed to be done to make the type of document I wanted.I was disappointed , and still learning . Templates that are user created are available on line , which can be a security risk , and for my needs none were available .
 I purchased this product without giving much thought as to what I was buying . I was wanting Microsoft office 2007 and I did not know that outlook was sold as a stand alone . I could have purchased office 2007 which includes outlook for the same price . I am now stuck with a product which I have no use . I have no one to blame but myself , so fair warning to anyone who might find them self looking for Microsoft office .
 I have so many problems with this specific Microsoft product but what am I going to do , they have the market on email applications .
 With Outlook 2007 Microsoft went backwards in a fundamental concept of Windows by moving and relabeling icons in an application that has been around for a long time . For me , this means re-learning where Microsoft has moved/hidden everyday buttons like `` Print '' . For my 80-year old parents this has brought their usage to a standstill . Windows brought a standardized GUI - consistent standard icons in consistent application locations - that changed the world . The Office 2007 apps have apparently lost that compass . Unfortunately , if you 're on a PC , you do n't have an alternative ... except maybe to start looking at OpenOffice . Does n't help my parents .
 For those considering Outlook 2007 , beware of my experience
 I was mistaken . I bought and installed Office Student Home edition on my 2 new Windows 7 computers . I decided I would still like Outlook for e-mail so I spent the money and bought this software . Well guess what . Since it was not purchased in a bundle , some of the features are n't functional . You ca n't use themes or stationery . Word will not be the text editor for e-mail . Spell check will not work without connectivity to Word . I am sure there are other missing features I have n't discovered yet . Microsoft knows all about this yet they did not make it plain enough for me . I am very frustrated with MS for this shoddy system . I bought 3 new computers for home and church in the last 2 months . If I knew how , I would rip Office out of all of them and send it back but what can I do now ? BE WARNED . Oh for the old days when Office came with everything.Randy Rusconi
 I purchased Outlook 2007 because Microsoft has now chosen to exclude it from certain versions of Office 2007 . Well , it has way less features than my previous Outlook : - no animated GIF 's - no support for Outlook Personal Address Book -LRB- PAB -RRB- - the Outlook Text Editor has been eliminatedAnd now I find that if you purchase this ` stand alone ' version of Outlook 2007 the ` Themes and Stationary ' feature is disabled . It only works in those versions of Outlook 2007 that are bundled with the Office Suite , not this version!This is NOT AN UPGRADE , it 's a DOWNGRADE !
 I bought 2007 Outlook , including Business Manager , hoping to finally have an Outlook that could manage Tasks Better and do customized reporting.It has been a Horror . I am running this on a fast PC with tons of memory and harddrives ... Switching Views -LRB- where it builds a view -RRB- takes minutes . The software crashes continuously during the day -LRB- twice or more hourly -RRB- . It is undependable and the new views take forever to load.NOT RECOMMENDED . Use Outlook 2003 if you must use Outlook at all.If anyone has recommendations for an effective email client with a real task manager and report manager , please post them somewhere!Frustrated beyond belief with this `` new '' unimproved outlook.This was a downgrade . It does n't work as reliably or as simply as the various webmails available these days.Actually , it just does not work AT ALL . Perpetual crash and burn .
 Received the software in the factory box . The seller placed a secondary sticker over the factory sticker that lists the product key needed to install the software . The secondary sticker could not be removed . Amazon also would not replace the product since the order was fulfilled by a third party .
 I purchased this product for my new Windows 7 HP Quad-core i5 PC because the MS Office 2000 that I was using on my old Windows XP Dell PC , would not install at all . At first , it appeared that MS Outlook 2007 would be very good , but after awhile -LRB- after just 3 months -RRB- , the RULES feature began going haywire . I lost the Rules for moving specific emails into specific folders . Now , they would either go into my Junk email or sit out on my mail server and JUST SIT THERE until I finally realized where they were ! I used the free upgrade for 2010 and it just got worse from there . Now , I barely , if at all , get a lot of my emails . I have to go out to the server manually to see them on a daily basis . Microsoft , you are getting worse and worse in your development . If I could return this terrible product , I would . It is definitely NOT for the novice . I only gave this a 2-star because of my 15 + years of experience with Outlook , starting with Windows 95 and Outlook 97 . This is such a great disappointment , I can not begin to tell you everything this program has done to destroy my emails . BTW , I am a Computer guru and have been since 1984 when I had my first IBM Jr. . I am a degreed professional Software Engineer , so it is not as if I do n't know what I am talking about . I DO.Beware buyers , of this product ! Be sure to really investigate Outlook on MS 's web site for FAQs and problems others have had BEFORE you purchase this product . I would recommend an alternative if you are a novice , like Pegasus or a FREEWARE alternative . This sealed it with me and Microsoft . I am getting rid of it all and going with Linux and other software alternatives .
 I got Outlook 2007 with Office 2007 . As the title of my complaint states , the software seemed wonderful at first . I especially liked its capability to set up accounts . After about five months , however , reception of email became spotty , then failed altogether . A reinstallation of Office , which happened when I upgraded to Windows 7 , 64-bit , got Outlook back in operation for about two more months . Microsoft 's answer seems to be to sell a new version of Office . At least a stand-alone of Outlook 2010 is available . I will have to check to see whether it works with Office 2007 . Stay tuned ...
 I wish I could give a better review on this product but I 'm unable to get it to install on my computer . It seems to have a problem with Vista and my student edition of Office 2007 . As it turns out Microsoft seems to be incompatible with Microsoft . Who would have thought ? I 've found many blogs posted by folks with the same issue but no one seems to have a good solution .
 I guess it 's alright , but most of the time it wo n't open . when I boot up my computer and open outlook 2007 it works . If I close it , it wo n't open again and I will have to reboot the computer again . I had 2003 for a long time and had no problemm with it untill it got some bug in it and I lost everything and I could n't get it to work again.So why not update to 2007 , more bells and wistles , sounded good to me but not so . I tried half a dozen cures from Google but to no avail . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 As a satisfied professional and private user of Outlook for at least 10 yrs , I was looking forward to upgrading to Outlook 2007 . Once I did , discovering I can no longer use animated graphics in the body of Outlook email messages was a MAJOR disappointment . I should not have to open emails in a browser to see animation . Despite the `` security '' and `` simplicity '' reasons Microsoft gives for removing this function , this is definitely a step backwards .
 Once again Microsoft has shown their distain for their customers as they release a mediocre product that has less functionality then the previous version . I think since Vista , Microsoft 's main goal has been to make all previous versions of all software obsolete . It must be , because they sure are not offering s product worth the price they are charging . Well . . Let me qualify that . If you never had an Outlook , then 2007 might be nice , but if you have Outlook 2000 , then do n't throw your money away on 2007 . Here is what you get .1 . As is usual with MS , you get a lot of NON-VALUE ADDED changes , that will tend to confuse you and slow down your productivity , at least in the begging . The user interface is completely different .2 . If you use a lot of Emil accounts -LRB- for your business , etc -RRB- , you will find it a royal pain-in-the-neck to try and transfer them to 2007 . Oh . . You can get them out of 2000 just fine , but forget about getting them into 2007 easily . And worse , you will have to enter them all manually and Outlook 2007 will hang up on you while it tries to figure out if you set them up ok . The best thing to do is set up 1 until you get it right , then use that to setup the rest and then hit send/receive to test them . There is duplication and some things are not clear i.e. Is account AccountName or AccountName@domainname . It is both , depending on where they ask for it .3 . Contacts . I ca n't figure out if you can move your contacts to 2007 , but so far , it does not look like it . In 2000 , contacts are in the outlook.pst file . When you open that on 2007 , the contacts are gone . Well . . At least they do not show . Terrific huh ? Look up `` Import Contacts '' in Outlook 2007 help and it tells you how to get Google contacts , Hotmail contacts and even Facebook contacts , but that 's it .4 . The preview pane has been moved from under the list of email to the right of them , which squeezes everything together and also slow down the preview .5 . Here is one that takes the cake . MS changed the engine for HTML rendering from Internet Explorer to Word . Most will not feel the pain here , but if you need to reformat emails , you will quickly find yourself in trouble . This really sucks . As a business owner , I get up to 70 emails for orders and use templates to read them and reformat them for my distributors . Thanks again to Microsoft 's ignorant wisdom Outlook 2007 does n't seem to understand CSS positioning , so none of my template will work . I just got to go to unix and get rid of ALL things Microsoft.Now you might say something like `` Just move your Emails back to Outlook 2000 . Remember the start of this review when I said `` I think since Vista , Microsoft 's main goal has been to make all previous versions of all software obsolete . '' ? Well once your Email are in Outlook 2007 , Outlook 2000 will not accept them , even if you repair the . PST via Scanpst.One thing I did like a lot about Outlook 2007 , is that the search is extremely fast and it searches all of your . PST files.In conclusion I am going to continue using 2007 on 1 of my laptops until I feel comfortable and feel I do understand it . I will add to this post at that time . But for now , I would like to chastise the Microsoft programmers for removing good solid working functionality , for God knows what reasons , and ask Microsoft management to bring back the writers of excel -LRB- arguably one of the best pieces of software ever written -RRB- to teach the new programmers how code should be written .
 I purchased Outlook 07 to sync my iphone with my laptop . Outlook 07 wreaked havoc on my computer , so much so , that I bought a new laptop . Instead of installing 07 on it , I installed Oulook 03 . It has one small glitch that Microsoft refused to help me make work . So , I 'm out the $ 120 for Outlook 07 , AND my Outlook 03 still has a functionality problem . I would have to rate Microsoft with a big fat ZERO .
 This program is very buggy and I wish I did no even purchased and upgrade . Very disappointed
 I have used and loved Outlook for many years , along with the rest of the Office suite . To get up to date , I just bought the home & student Office suite 07 sans Outlook and bought Outlook 07 separately -LRB- thinking $ 200 total was better than $ 400 -RRB- . Fine - except this Outlook does n't hook up with the suite , wo n't let me set default fonts , and is driving me nuts . I sometimes receive a message in white font on white and ca n't read it until I hit forward to put it into a message whose font I can change so I can finally see it . I looked it up on Microsoft . It 's designed to act this way . Thumbs down .
 Installing stand alone Outlook 2007 will corrupt your Office 2003 suite . Tech support will advise you to erase the components of your damaged 2003 in order to install Outlook 2007 , promising to send you a 2003 replacement disk if you do n't have your old disk . By attempting to install Outlook 2007 , you will lose your entire 2003 and can only obtain a replacement disk for an additional $ 25 . But it gets worse . If your system came pre-installed , they wo n't send you a replacement disk ; they 'll refer you to your computer manufacturer . Ever tried to get a disk from Compaq ?? Or Dell ? Or Best Buy?BEWARE OF OUTLOOK 2007 !!
 I have been a satisfied user of Outlook 2000 since it came out . I bought Outlook 2007 for my wife , since we switched from Comcast to Qwest broadband . As it turns out the Qwest sub-account emails can not be set up to send mail using SMTP protocol -LRB- can you believe it ? -RRB- So we were forced to upgrade since you can set up Outlook 2007 to do http email . After numerous tries to install it and having the install abort every time , I read reviews on-line and discovered that you actually have to uninstall the entire Office 2000 suite before you can load Outlook 2007 . Now that sounds like the evil empire Microsoft market development team finding a sneaky way to make you have to go and upgrade everything ! The diabolical fiends at Microsoft ! Fortunately I had purchased Office Home and Student and Outlook in a bundle package , since I needed to upgrade my copy of Excel Office 2000 -LRB- another fun MS story ... -RRB- Once installed , it works fine , and is oh-so-pretty with colors and neat new colorful wonderful , exciting , thrilling , and fancy things ! Oh My!The search feature thing is irritating and slows down performance while it is out gathering eggs on-line , or whatever it is doing that you do n't have a clue about , yet is hogging your resources . Now I am afraid to try to install Outlook 2007 on my machine , and since Outlook 2000 is working fine , I figure I 'll wait until Microsoft figures out a way to make it quit working with a `` security patch '' that will kill it dead
 I am very disappointed in this software . Microsoft is usuall a good product , however Outlook 2007 is awful . I had Outlook and was having problems , so I upgraded . Because I have Windows XP I had to get a service pack just to make it work . It is slooooooow , it frezes , there are too many layers to go through and nothing works smoothly on this software . It 's just terrible .
 Well , they 've done it again . Microsoft has introduced a `` new '' product that does the exact same thing as the `` old '' product -LRB- Outlook from Office XP Professional Edition -RRB- . But with the introduction of the Vista Operating System , the `` old '' version no longer works properly . So , Microsoft has again forced my hand into buying a new product that I do n't really need because I already own a version , but I am forced to buy a new version in order to get it to work properly on my machine.Thanks , Microsoft , for continuing to take my money for things that I already have and am forced to buy again .
 Have constant problems with this product . It will not close - sends error messages but problems are not corrected . More often than not when you imput data or try to access information you get the message `` not responding . '' I 'm just glad the developers of this product were not responsible for developing critical hospital patient care programs as most patients would have died a long time ago .
 I added Outlook 2007 to the Office 2007 I installed which did n't come with Outlook . I had been using Office 2003 with Outlook 2003 on an XP system and it had worked fine.Outlook 2007 is incredibly slow to start downloading emails and slow for each email . It may take it 5 minutes to download a couple dozen emails-no attachments or anything . These will download with Mozilla Thunderbird in maybe 20 seconds . And during that time it basically locks up everything else you want to do until it is finished . I 've tried turning off everything that has been suggested that may be slowing it down but no success.I 'm now using Thunderbird for my emails . Outlook 2007 was so slow the frustration level just got too high.I do n't recommend buying this . Outlook 2003 was just fine but Outlook 2007 is a disaster on my machine .
 Microsoft Outlook 2000 still has a tendency toward locking up and is very slow . I would appreciate a better , more reliable program .
 On the edge of the box -LRB- several ounces of high quality plastic , over an inch thick containing 1 DVD and a product key slip -RRB- is a pair of ribbed tabs to hold the inner box by when you pull it out.The more firmly you squeeze the ribbed tabs , the more firmly you lock the inner box into the outer . If you ignore the tabs it opens easy!Who designed this . It must be the same guy who put the OK button on a VGA resolution Display Control Panel , off the bottom of the screen , so that you could n't increase the resolution.He probably thought up the form `` Do you really want to Quit ? '' with `` Continue '' and `` Quit '' buttons.The software ? - as feature ridden as the previous version - which is n't to say it does a lot . Just that it needs a lot of features in order to do a bit.Lets hope Bill 's exit timing from Microsoft proves to be as timely as Tony 's from No 10 . Come on Amazon , send them a complimentary beginners guide to user interface design . It can be your penance for having a 5 star scoring system where the user can not select zero stars . 8 ^ -RRB-
 Office 2k7 suite was enough to finally send me to the other side . Have made MAC purchases since , and will be soley MAC soon -- w / the exception of Outlook due to the business contacts.As a Computer Engineer , I can no longer accept the Microsoft woes . It is funny , but I swear Office 2k7 has been the most anti-productive SW I have every had to deal with . Will continue to avoid Vista as long as possible .
 I bought this product for a specific purpose and later realized that it was not everything it was suppose to be . It was very expensive and had very little utility .
 I bought this program -LRB- Outlook -RRB- and found it to be of little real value.Wish I could get a refund from the `` richest guy in America . ''
 I can not ereally rate the product , because I never recieved it . After more than six weeks of waiting I received an email notfying me that I would be rebated the amount of the item less shipping since I had sent it back . Want to bet if I 'll ever use Amazon again . Do n't hold your breath !!!