 I thought it was funny that I bought this product without knowing it was a mix . I read the header very quickly and just thought it was packaged cookies . But no , it is cookie MIX and I guess I should have noticed that since it is right in the title.This is the first time I have ever tried baking with a cookie mix . If you are used to the convenience of the cookie dough that you buy wrapped up in plastic logs then you might be in for a bit of a surprise . Mixing up the dough can get VERY messy -LRB- it is extremely sticky -RRB- . However , with a cookie mix like this you have a lot of flexibility in the ratio of ingredients -LRB- I like to add some extra butter to make the baked cookies more chewy -RRB- . Also , this mix has really large chocolate chips in it -- I love that.I removed a star for the addition of ` natural flavors ' in the mix .
 While in Hungary we were given a recipe for Hungarian Goulash . It needs sweet paprika . This was terrific in that dish and others . I will purchase it again when I need more .
 Without a doubt , I would recommend this wholesome and sweet cereal treat to anyone . The crunchy o-shaped pieces are filled with crispy rice , graham cracker bits , and infused with delicious honey flavor . `` Oh ! What a great cereal ! ''
 This cereal is so sweet ... yet so good for you ! One taste = ADDICTION !!!! I just tried this cereal out of curiousity and I was hooked ! It is an excellent breakfast choice , or just any time to eat ! Especially as breakfast because you will crave more honey taste and you wo n't be hungry later -LCB- probably because of how much you 'd eat -RCB- and it is actually sweeter and better than Honey Bunches of Oats . Cap'n Crunch Berries is an option , but this splendid cereal is SO FILLED WITH A HONEY-FILLED TASTE ! I have not tried much better tasting cereal than this ! Oh !
 And I 've tried alot of cereals . This is by far the best.Its like the cereals I used to eat in the 80 's , so sweet , yet so filling.I used to slam this cereal before I tried it.Now I 'm hooked .
 Oh 's has been my favorite cereal as a kid and still is an essential staple of my college diet . It 's absolutely f ` ing delicious .
 This cereal is great because it tastes so good . You just crave it . But a word of warning
 I have look all over my hometown and no one carries this brand except Walmart -LRB- when they have it -RRB- ... It tastes like Captain Crunch But is made by Quaker Oats and is exceptionally healthy for you.So I get the best of both worlds ... Sweet and Crunchy as well as the Healthy aspect of it and not the pure sugar type ... Bigger boxes would be nice though . My family has gone though 3 boxes in a matter of 1 week ... Keep them coming ... Thanks
 Oh yes . This cereal is delicious . It 's O-shaped corn pieces with `` good things in the middle '' , like real oatmeal . This is a Quaker product , after all . The caramel-like taste , which I 'd compare to Cap'n Crunch or old school Mr T , Gremlins and Batman cereal , is sweetened with honey , graham -LRB- cracker -RRB- flour and brown sugar.It 's not a good-tasting but a great-tasting cereal , easily one of the best I 've ever tried . But ; get this ; it 's too crunchy . No , it wont get soggy in milk , at-least not in any reasonable amount of time , but that 's the problem because it makes for a hard chew . If it had the texture and consistency of , say , Cheerios , it 'd be perfect.marcellee.com
 I was really distraught to go to my local Walmart and see that they stopped carrying my favorite cereal . But as was elated to find that `` the site who has everything including a church '' made it available to me by the 6-pack . Oh 's is an amazing cereal . The one thing i dont like is the box is so small . I get maybe 3 bowls out of the entire box :--LRB- .
 This cereal is awesome - but why is it $ 23 , I just bought it at the store for 1.99 !?
 The 5 stars is based on 1 -RRB- the taste which is amazing and 2 -RRB- the price which is $ 1.99 . HOWEVER there is much to dislike in OH 's . They are NOT healthy , in fact they are the only cereal I 've seen made with hydrogenated vegetable oil which is basically margarine . The lard will coat your spoon and roof of your mouth and probably arteries with a white oily film that does not rinse off with water alone . It must be diluted in soap and scrubbed.It is captain crunch shaped in a ring with bits in the middle and somehow sweeter and rougher on your mouth . Oh 's virgins WILL have bloody pallates if not careful .
 Adds a fantastic flavor to your cooking . It was fresh when it arrived and affordable .
 It 's great to have this spice that I ca n't find in stores around here - fast delivery and a good price .
 I always keeps a can of this fine product on me person . You never knows when some palooka wot ai n't on the up and square is gon na need to be put in his place . It always leaves ya strong to the finish .
 Fantastic . I sent it to my mother and her husband for Christmas . They just loved it . If your ever stuck for a gift Omaha Steaks is a great place to look for one .
 The Lurpak Danish butter holds its own in comparison with the most expensive French butter . I actually prefer Lurpak over expensive brands like Beurre d'Echire , Celes-sur-Belle , or Isigny-Ste-Mere . Lurpak is a true lactic , or cultured , butter , and it is full of flavor . Therefore a warning is in order
 I guess with any cheese or dairy product , different people are going to have different tastes . This butter is slightly closer to tasting like cheese -LRB- although it does not taste like cheese -RRB- than kellygold butter , imo . Maybe that 's why I like kellygold better . Because I do n't like the taste of cheese.I 'm sort of glad I got this butter to at least compare with kellygold though . I think it is more easily spreadable , and maybe a tad bit `` softer '' butter than kellygold.Maybe I 'll just try ordinary organic american made butter next time . . it 's a whole lot cheaper , and see how it compares with premium butters .
 Lurpak is far better than any other butter out there . Be glad you can buy it in the USA ! Creamy , tasty and just plain good .
 Recently -LRB- I think it was their cookie show -RRB- ATK voted Lurpak as the # 1 butter in their tasting . And unlike Rach Ray who does n't think twice about recommending the most ludicrous ingredients that cost the most , I have tremendous respect for Chris Kimball because he actually knows what he 's talking about.The taste of Lurpak is very similar to Land O ' Lakes , which IMO is truly the standard of butter . I have only tried it a few times since I do not have any recipes that call for butter , but I wanted to try Lurpak since it was so highly recommended . On a piece of toast it is fine and it melts very well.It comes in a little block and it is extremely firm -LRB- the sign of all fine butter -RRB- . I am not certain if I will purchase this again since I was not overly impressed with Lurpak and because Land O ' Lakes comes packaged much nicer and is a lot less . Nevertheless , Lurpak is still a good butter to try and to use if you have any recipes that call for a high-fat content butter.Anyway I found this at Shop Rite -LRB- do n't you dare buy this online unless you enjoy paying more than twice the price - it is stold at all grocery stores -RRB- for two ninety-nine for 8 ounces -LRB- which is the size of 2 Land O ' Lakes sticks -RRB- . Remember , you do n't have to spend a lot to be a great cook .
 Adds a fantastic flavor to your cooking . It was fresh when it arrived and affordable .
 It 's great to have this spice that I ca n't find in stores around here - fast delivery and a good price .
 I usually buy the salted version of this butter since I mostly use it for spreading and for that I like the flavor of the salted version better . That being said , there are a number of recipies that call for unsalted butter and then the unsalted Lurpak is as good as you will find.Note that Lurpak is cultured butter -LRB- not sweet cream butter like most American brands -RRB- and as such it has a deep and rich flavor that no simple sweet cream butter can match . Cultured butter of this kind is produced by fermenting the cream with lactic bacteria that convert sugars to lactic acid before churning the cream into butter.In my opinion , the Lurpak Danish butter holds its own in comparison with far more expensive butters . I actually prefer Lurpak over brands like Echire , etc. .
 ... to be replaced by Plugra.I became a ` butterholic ' after tasting free sample of Lurpak at room temp spread on crakers at Wild Oats years ago.I had thought that butter was butter , and this premium stuff was just marketing gimmick , NOT!Ever since lurpak became my regular butter , I started ` testing ' other premium butters , so far none ever surpassed lurpak till I tried Plugra at Whole Foods.Lurpak has this smooth , but tangy taste I crave for . It 's an excellent butter to use on fancy Eurostyle bread with organic milk on mornings . But it 's not a ` cooking ' butter , yes one can use lurpak for cooking , but it 's really a waste of flavor and such premium price to boot.Eventually I found another premium butter that replaced lurpak , Plugra , made in USA , and cheaper than lurpak , and even more complex and nuanced flavor than lurpak.Even Cook 's illustrated declared Plugra a superior butter than lurpak , its former favorite just like it used to be mine .
 Since the absurd boycott of Danish products in the Middle East over cartoons , it is good for the west and freedom to support Denmark . Their Lurpak butter and Arla cheeses are delicious and available on-line and at many grocery stores in the US . Buy , you 'll like !
 Adds a fantastic flavor to your cooking . It was fresh when it arrived and affordable .
 It 's great to have this spice that I ca n't find in stores around here - fast delivery and a good price .
 While the cashews are fresh , they are on the lightly salted side . That makes them healthy for you , but my husband prefers more salt . However , Amazon recently ran these for around $ 4 a pound , including super saver shipping , which made them pretty irrestible .
 At one time this cereal was available in my local stores . However it was discontinued . I searched the internet and finally found `` Quaker Oat Bran '' here . The cereal is great it is crunchy and holds the crunchiness even after you add the milk . I love the flavor and it helps to control my cholesterol too .
 Great taste , although a higher in calories than some of the other cereals and good in Folic acid and heat healthy.Wonder why it is not available at the local grocery stores ?
 I started eating Quaker Oat Bran 2 years ago because I wanted a cereal that is high in fiber and protein , yet low in sugar . It is so good as a cereal with milk , and it stays crunchy . It also makes a fantastic trail mix with almonds and dried cranberries or other dried fruit . It reminds me a little of Chex cereal or Life cereal , but it is much healthier and substantial . I have not found any cereal I like better . Now my kids love it , too . I ca n't keep enough of it in the house . And I prefer this cereal to Quaker Oats Squares , which are made of larger squares .
 The one supermarket chain in our area that carries Quaker Essentials Oat Bran cereal closed our local store . We can get it by driving around 60 miles round trip , but that is inconvenient and wasteful of gas.I could substitute another cereal for myself , but my peach-faced lovebird loves it , and so far will accept no substitute . She eats some , and dunks some in her water bowl , then piles it on a perch . The result is a `` cereal sculpture . '' Why she does this , I do n't know.I ordered it through an Amazon vendor and received excellent service , but I wish the shipping was n't so darn expensive .
 Last time , my first experience with Lacas , I bought their Kenya . This time I tried their Columbian.This is a quality product for a fair price . Buying a five pound bag is a convenience , too . I only buy two of these in a year , and I never run out . Why make 50 trips a year to the grocery store to buy the teensy bag ? The product arrives promptly and keeps very well . Hard to go wrong .
 If you are looking for a flavorful substitute for mozzarella this is it . It has a bit of a bite , melts great and adds bunches of flavor in any application . I have sliced it and melted it on grilled chicken sandwiches , have shredded it and blended it with mozzarella and provolone for pizza , and used it in omelets - all with great results . This is a great tasting cheese - not very well known - which once you try you will be a fan of forever !
 This is truly wonderful gooseberry jam . It is packed with chunks of gooseberries . I highly recommend this product !! It truly met my expectations .
 I hope Amazon reinstates this -LRB- though it is available at Costco , shopping from the computer chair is sooo convenient ! -RRB- ; this is my very favorite gorgonzola . Milder than some , it keeps extremely well , and I even substitute it in dishes calling for Stilton ... the best !
 This sweetener does not seem very sweet to me , but my husband will use it and he wo n't touch the blue , pink or yellow artificial sweeteners . I 've used it in coffee and tea and baking and had pretty good results . I 've mixed it with stevia as well . I do n't detect any bitterness or soapiness , but it has a somewhat minty effect that is hard to describe . The mintiness is not really a flavor so much as a minty coolness . I find the yellow sweetener 's flavor to be much more sugary than zsweet , but I wanted a sweetener that does not use maltodextrin as a filler .
 As a natural sweetener , this is far superior to Stevia . There 's no bitter aftertaste , and when I use it in coffee and tea , it tastes like sugar . HOWEVER , I 've baked with it and unlike its claims , it does cause `` gastrointestinal distress '' for me . Stick to using it in your drinks.Note
 I love this presentation - we have given several as gifts this Holiday season and they have been well received .
 I gave this as a gift and was told by the recipient -LRB- who loves it -RRB- that it was an amazingly beautiful and well-crafted tea chest . I assume the tea is high-quality as well , but if not you can always replace it with your own selection . Five stars .
 This is a good high fiber breakfast cereal with a high protein content . It does contain some sodium , but has a good potassium/sodium ratio . It has some sugar content -LRB- evaporated cane juice -RRB- and a good flavor . It generally is found in health food sections of larger supermarkets or in health food stores , and is now available on the Internet . My main complaint is that retailers do not generally carry the hot cereal equivalent -LRB- which I managed to get my friend Lisa to carry in her health food store -RRB- .
 If you are looking for proper nutrition cereal . This one is the best , period . Low sugar and calorie . High fiber and protein . What more can one ask for . Add low fat milk and some frozen fruit and you have a perfect breakfast . I wish I could buy it in bulk .
 This has recently become my staple breakfast cereal . After trying many high on taste low on nutrition cereals , I decided to find one that fits my needs . I am a regular at the gym so I have to watch what I eat . This one is not only high in protein and fiber , but also tastes much better that the other similar cereals with high fiber.It can easily become addictive as it has the right balance between taste and nutrition.The price is affordable too and the product can be easily found in grocery stores .
 You wo n't believe how good this `` health food '' cereal tastes ! Not only is it loaded with protein and low in sugar , it has a fabulous crunch that does n't get soggy . And it 's sweet but not too much so . I just bought another six boxes today , because my kids keep eating it up . Highly recommended !
 This is the best cereal ! It 's my favorite by far . It has a good flavor and an excellent crunch . It 's high in whole grains -LRB- 9 different grains ! -RRB- and protein . It 's good in milk or in yogurt . It 's also good as an ice cream topping . My kids just call it `` crunchies . '' As in , `` Mommy put crunchies in my yogurt . '' Try grinding it in the blender and mixing the crumbs with natural peanut butter and honey . Make into balls and serve -- great for a snack for adults or kids .
 Because of food allergies ... it 's been awhile since I 've had chicken wings , I received my bbq sauce and immediately made wings with it ... YUMMY !! I also did ribs with it , and they turned out perfect . I recommend this bbq sauce , and to anyone with celiac disease ... this bbq sauce is the real deal !
 Good smokey flavor I was very impressed at how quickly this arrived . The cost to ship was twice the price of the product , not happy about that !
 This BBQ sauce is the bomb ! No sugar - wonderful flavor ! Made BBQ ribs and they were so enjoyable . Shared them with a friend - they could n't tell they had no sugar - loved them also . Package comes with recipes - mailed promptly !
 THE BEST SAUCE YOU COULD EVER PUT ON YOUR TABLE AND USE ON YOUR COOKING ON JUST ABOUT ANYTHING , BRINGS THE COSTARICAN SPIRIT ON YOUR MEALS !
 ' A type of aged cheese that features veins of edible blue and/or green mold throughout the cheese . The molds produce the characteristic sharp and tangy flavor of the cheese that has a texture ranging from creamy to crumbly . Among the most popular varieties are Roquefort , Gorgonzola , Maytag Blue , and Stilton '
 A family member brought this product to St. Martin where we were vacationing . The six of us ate it with a variety of crackers and it was delicious ! We finished the whole thing in one sitting . The foi gras is thick but fairly easy to spread as long as you have a sturdy cracker , and it has a delicate flavor that I love . There is a nice layer of fat at the top .
 As a California resident who feared the loss of access to Foie Gras mandated in July , I stocked up on Rougie Duck Foie Gras . It is not as good as the product we purchased in Paris and brought back with us in January , but it was all I could find that was affordable . Store in Refrigerator and note the long shelf life . Very tasty .
 What a delightful cheese this is . It has the skin and creamy consistency of a Brie , but is veined properly like a Stilton or other blue cheese.A very creamy consistency , with a wonderful mild flavor . Although you have to be careful not to buy an immature cheese - I bought this same wheel once from one of the discount warehouses , and the cheese was much too young , and lacked character - so it is back to speciality cheese shops - or Amazon now for my purchases.The price is very reasonable , since you could spend five dollars on a small wedge of Saga at a typical cheese shop.Try Saga with a slice of ripe pear !
 Green , black and white peppercorns grow like tiny grapes on the Piper Nigrum vine . Green peppercorns are picked when under-ripe . White pepper is black pepper which has been soaked to remove the outer husk . Tellicherry peppercorns are the largest black peppercorns.Tellicherry peppercorns are superior to regular store bought peppercorns . Peppercorns are believed to be indigenous to the Malabar Coast of India . They are spicier , enhance the flavor of all your recipes and can take things up a notch . Of course , there are still recipes where you do n't want the intensity of Tellicherry peppercorns , but after you taste the freshly ground flavor , it is difficult to go back to using anything else.I find myself grinding the peppercorns over scrambled eggs , mixing it into cheese fillings and flavored butters , mixing it into fillings for Samosas , using it to flavor shrimp dishes , sprinkling it liberally over salads and pasta and using it in nearly every soup recipe . Do n't even get me started telling you how good Tellicherry peppercorns are with potatoes , salmon , beef tenderloin and tequila-lime chicken . Yes , I 'm in love with the flavor.Make the change and you will never be able to go back to regular ground pepper . You may laugh , but there are some of us who fear the thought of regular pepper . Some have even gone to the extreme of carrying their own `` Minimill Peppercorn Grinder . '' This is a three-inch tall mini-mill from Spices , etc that you can carry with you in a small velvet bag . Yes , I plan to buy one ASAP.Fun Fact
 Green , black and white peppercorns grow like tiny grapes on the Piper Nigrum vine . Green peppercorns are picked when under-ripe . White pepper is black pepper which has been soaked to remove the outer husk . Tellicherry peppercorns are the largest black peppercorns.Tellicherry peppercorns are superior to regular store bought peppercorns . Peppercorns are believed to be indigenous to the Malabar Coast of India . They are spicier , enhance the flavor of all your recipes and can take things up a notch . Of course , there are still recipes where you do n't want the intensity of Tellicherry peppercorns , but after you taste the freshly ground flavor , it is difficult to go back to using anything else.I find myself grinding the peppercorns over scrambled eggs , mixing it into cheese fillings and flavored butters , mixing it into fillings for Samosas , using it to flavor shrimp dishes , sprinkling it liberally over salads and pasta and using it in nearly every soup recipe . Do n't even get me started telling you how good Tellicherry peppercorns are with potatoes , salmon , beef tenderloin and tequila-lime chicken . Yes , I 'm in love with the flavor.Make the change and you will never be able to go back to regular ground pepper . You may laugh , but there are some of us who fear the thought of regular pepper . Some have even gone to the extreme of carrying their own `` Minimill Peppercorn Grinder . '' This is a three-inch tall mini-mill from Spices , etc that you can carry with you in a small velvet bag . Yes , I plan to buy one ASAP.Fun Fact
 Green , black and white peppercorns grow like tiny grapes on the Piper Nigrum vine . Green peppercorns are picked when under-ripe . White pepper is black pepper which has been soaked to remove the outer husk . Tellicherry peppercorns are the largest black peppercorns.Tellicherry peppercorns are superior to regular store bought peppercorns . Peppercorns are believed to be indigenous to the Malabar Coast of India . They are spicier , enhance the flavor of all your recipes and can take things up a notch . Of course , there are still recipes where you do n't want the intensity of Tellicherry peppercorns , but after you taste the freshly ground flavor , it is difficult to go back to using anything else.I find myself grinding the peppercorns over scrambled eggs , mixing it into cheese fillings and flavored butters , mixing it into fillings for Samosas , using it to flavor shrimp dishes , sprinkling it liberally over salads and pasta and using it in nearly every soup recipe . Do n't even get me started telling you how good Tellicherry peppercorns are with potatoes , salmon , beef tenderloin and tequila-lime chicken . Yes , I 'm in love with the flavor.Make the change and you will never be able to go back to regular ground pepper . You may laugh , but there are some of us who fear the thought of regular pepper . Some have even gone to the extreme of carrying their own `` Minimill Peppercorn Grinder . '' This is a three-inch tall mini-mill from Spices , etc that you can carry with you in a small velvet bag . Yes , I plan to buy one ASAP.Fun Fact
 These were delicious , but not wrapped as well as I think they should be . They kind of melted out of their wrapping .
 Green , black and white peppercorns grow like tiny grapes on the Piper Nigrum vine . Green peppercorns are picked when under-ripe . White pepper is black pepper which has been soaked to remove the outer husk . Tellicherry peppercorns are the largest black peppercorns.Tellicherry peppercorns are superior to regular store bought peppercorns . Peppercorns are believed to be indigenous to the Malabar Coast of India . They are spicier , enhance the flavor of all your recipes and can take things up a notch . Of course , there are still recipes where you do n't want the intensity of Tellicherry peppercorns , but after you taste the freshly ground flavor , it is difficult to go back to using anything else.I find myself grinding the peppercorns over scrambled eggs , mixing it into cheese fillings and flavored butters , mixing it into fillings for Samosas , using it to flavor shrimp dishes , sprinkling it liberally over salads and pasta and using it in nearly every soup recipe . Do n't even get me started telling you how good Tellicherry peppercorns are with potatoes , salmon , beef tenderloin and tequila-lime chicken . Yes , I 'm in love with the flavor.Make the change and you will never be able to go back to regular ground pepper . You may laugh , but there are some of us who fear the thought of regular pepper . Some have even gone to the extreme of carrying their own `` Minimill Peppercorn Grinder . '' This is a three-inch tall mini-mill from Spices , etc that you can carry with you in a small velvet bag . Yes , I plan to buy one ASAP.Fun Fact
 ` Blue Castello , from Tholstrup -LRB- maker of fine cheeses since 1893 -RRB- is a triple-cream , blue-veined cheese with a washed-rind . The surface has a unique combination of blue-green and reddish molds . These molds give Blue Castello its distinct aroma and flavor . It has a delectably rich and buttery taste accented by its tangy blue veins . The mild flavor develops steadily as long as it keeps , but it never becomes strong . ' A step up from Saga blue , you are certian to enjoy this cheese !
 This award winning cheese really takes the cake . Castello has never once let me down ! Their danish blue is amazing in every recipe that you can add blue cheese to . I 've always received nothing but fresh , quality cheese from castello products at my grocery store . It has stayed in my fridge for almost two weeks once , and was still just as good as the day i bought it . Try this spread on crackers with whatever meat you like most , and you will be in heaven . I 've found it 's also great if you put this in lasagna , not very traditional , but it is very good .
 Scott 's Cakes contacted me after receiving my previous order . Representative was pleasant , and wanted to know how they could improve . They did what was recommended and my next shipment came on time and without melted chocolate !!! Thank you Scott 's Cakes for providing my family with delicious products and excellent customer service !!!
 This has a sort of nutty-cheesy taste that we really enjoy . Try sprinkling it on popcorn -- yummy . I just wish I knew more ways to use this . Would be great if it came with some recipes or examples of ways to use it .
 It has a robust taste and a good topping to macaroni . Good addition for a quick nutritional meal . It does resemble a cheddar cheese flavor without the salty taste .
 I bought this because I had a recipe and it is great . I will include this in many of my dishes .
 adds flavor to everything ... a little cheesy taste ... i 'm ordering more ! better than the nutritional yeast i found at Whole Foods ! try it
 I like the taste of KAL yeast flakes . I 've used some other brands . There is n't a huge difference , but these are just a bit better .
 Have been enjoying these for years . Good for cooking beans , baking breads , stir frys , etc. . This last container was fresh , but not quite as fresh as previous ones .
 You know , making people comment when they really do n't have much more to add than what they 've already said is pointless .
 Nice assortment of black and green teas , some with subtle flavors in a very attractive box . Unlike many flavored teas that can overwhelm the delicate natural tea taste , these are n't overpowering .
 This tea set and its box are top-of-the-line . The only thing that almost brought it to four stars was that the decoration in the center of the top of the box was not oriented correctly , being turned , noticibly , to one side . I hope this is not endemic . Other than that , it is the type of tea set that is normally offered at seminars and meetings in 4-5 star hotels but a bit more decorative . I am proud to display this box and its selections of teas for my guests in my home .
 This was a great present for my grandmother . She likes tea and this is not only a nice collection of teas , but a beautiful case for her to keep her favorites after she uses the stock ones . The selection duplicates itself in the different sections and does not have 12 different ones , only six , but this is fine . The case holds some very large sections and should hold any teabags unlike the solid brown one that I bought for my mother.I would recommend this product . Grandmother says that the tea is very good too .
 I got this as a gift for my sister and she absolutely loves it everything was there and the box was just as pictures
 The tea chest itself is quite pretty . I bought several to give as gifts . There 's a nice variety of tea inside and some really good flavors of green tea.The one downside of the chest ? That the company pastes a label on the bottom of the chest and it is NOT easily removed . The label covers the entire bottom of the chest . It would be nice if they at least made it so you can remove it without leaving the wood looking worse for wear . I realize a label is n't a big deal ; I just prefer to give a gift without the unsightly label .
 Bentleys has some of the best teas out there . This box makes a great gift for tea lovers . It has a great variety of green teas -LRB- papaya , pomegranate , blueberry , etc. -RRB- and each comes individually bagged for freshness . Just steep and enjoy !
 This item is what it mostly says it is . Most of the tea flavors are decent -LRB- I especially like the Peach Tea , but dislike the Orange Spice Tea -RRB- . Recently these Bentley Tea Chests have been on sale at Amazon for quite decent prices . Do n't expect too much from the box though . It 's a paper covered pine box with a couple of handles and a front catch . It does have a very thin velvet lining inside , but I would n't count on the inside box cells to isolate flavors or prevent oxidation , so foil or paper covered tea bags are a must for this tea chest . Overall a decent value if you buy it on a good sale .
 This is a wonderful assortment of absolutely delicious tea . The tea is full of flavor and aroma . This made a great gift for me and will surely please the tea drinkers in your life as well . The box is also nice and my young daughter has plans to store little trinkets in it once it is empty .
 I am an avid tea and coffee drinker and this is one of my favorites . In only 4 minutes you get a cup of black tea that is well balanced with a pronounced flavor and aroma of vanilla beans . Everytime I make it at home I feel like I am getting high end tea shop tea in my own kitchen . I love that there is enough natural sweetness -LRB- and little natural bitterness -RRB- that I can enjoy this without any milk or sweetener , unless I really want to . It is a fantastic flavor so much so that I have repeatedly bought this tea despite the price .
 Of course it 's a matter of taste , but I 'll join the small chorus in singing the praises of this wonderful tea . To date , I have not been disappointed by Mighty Leaf -LRB- the Organic Breakfast is another favorite -RRB- . However , I should issue a warning
 I think this is the best vanilla tea I have tried . I thought the tea bags made it pretty pricey - so I 'll try the loose leaf next time .
 I loved this tea when I tried it at a restaurant . The tea bag itself is made from a silky , shimmering material not unlike a pair of sexy panties . The flavor of the vanilla is lovely against the black tea . I sent a box to my mother and it arrived quickly and she loved it although she did not mention the tea bags similarities to sexy panties .
 I thought I 'd try this tea since my son likes vanilla bean black tea . We used it as soon as it arrived . The whole family likes it . It came well packaged . I like the new style teabag which performs well .
 I got interested in this tea after purchasing it from our local Florida grocery chain . It sounded good and it was ! When I went back to buy more , they told me that they were not selling it anymore . # $ % ^ & * I really wanted this stuff and when they said they did not have it , I WANTED IT MORE ! So I searched other stores with no luck . So good ` ol Amazon saved the day ! I ordered it and got it in a couple of days . I am a Happy Camper ! Got my tea ! hank You Amazon ! I will be ordering more !
 These have a lot of garlic and onion powder and are rather pungent . My son likes them , though ! We both prefer the cheese-flavor over this one . This seems a bit overly spicy/seasoned for babies & toddlers .
 My 17 month old daughter loves this crunchies , she has been eating them since she was about 9 months or so . She only likes the veggie dip flavor , and hey I rather give her this than regular potato chips from the store . Great product from Gerber
 My 21 month old absolutely loves these . She would eat the whole container if I would let her . I have found most gerber graduate to be great amd she will eat them .
 This is by far my favorite and the best chocolate bar I have ever eaten !!!!! YUM !!!
 This one is delicious ! Ritter Sport makes a variety of yummy flavors and the goal will be to try them all.Amazon also has a great price !
 Show dad or grandpa how much you love with them with this fantastic fudge ... Order yours today !
 **** Tazo 's Chai Black Tea is an enjoyable chai experience for the most part . On the paper tea packet , Tazo writes , `` a rich blend of teas and spices in the style of the hill dwellers of the Himalayas . '' On their web site , Tazo describes the flavor profile of Chai as `` cinnamon , creamy , sweet spice '' and `` medium-bodied yet full-flavored , with the spicy kick of cinnamon , ginger , cardamom , and black pepper . Tazo describes the aroma as `` sweet , spice '' . Those are pretty accurate . The black tea `` blend '' is a little bitter , though , even with minimal brewing . It 's a real trick to get it to brew long enough to get to experience the flavor from the spices without having the tea turn bitter.The ingredients in Chai are
 My daughter loves these ! The only thing I wish they would change would be to make the package recyclable .
 I mash a small piece of fresh banana and mix with a container of this and my daughter eats the whole thing like candy . I like to take these on the go as opposed to the glass jars because I do n't have to worry about it breaking inside my bag . If you are vegan you might want to get another brand . There is tuna oil included in the ingredient list which is how the DHA is added .
 Cheap and good . My twins love it . A little on the watery side , but we always add chopped chicken to go with it , so it works out perfectly .
 Could n't find this in any of the stores , so I tried it . My daughter loves it , and becuase it has fruit and vegetables I feel okay giving it for breakfast or dinner . It is a little runny so i usually give it with mixed grain cereal to bulk it up . I would recommend this to anyone with a fussy eater .
 When in doubt my daughter will aways eat sweet potatoes . These are good . Sweet potatoes and water . However , they are a little runny . I think they thin it out more than they should . But it is ok . Ella 's is my favorite . They have a nice thick baby food . Earths best is my second favorite followed by Gerber .
 Sweet potatoes is one of my child 's favorite vegetables and we just love Gerber . I am so pleased to have found the organic sweet potatoes in this bulk option from Amazon . The price is far better than in the store and I do n't have to worry about running out all the time . Everything arrived in perfect shape and the expiration is the same or better than the same stuff in the store .
 Same baby food as in the store , but delivered right to your door . This is a nice flavor for getting vegetables into a kid who wo n't ordinarily eat them .
 These are my baby 's FAVORITE foods !!! And my child is a very very very very picky eater -LRB- prefers milk over food -RRB- . A little thin but perfect for 4-6 mo and for the older babies , we thicken it by adding meat or rice cereal . I was very disappointed and frustrated when all 5 of our local stores stopped carrying these . So happy I found them here for my baby ! The ppl here who complain about tuna oil added are dumb -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . They help with baby brain development . It 's not super easy to find the organic baby foods you want with DHA added in them -LRB- ellas kitchen , plum organic , etc do n't have DHA -RRB- -- go buy those and quit whining about tuna oil added to The gerber organic green beans bc it 's probably folks like you who complained to the stores that make it very difficult for many parents like me to FIND this food in stores ! And if the complaining persists , gerber may stop making it all together and babies who love this product will suffer ! Gerber , do n't stop making these ! I would give it 6 stars if I could!I bought 48 containers of gerber organic green beans from Amazon and ca n't wait to see the smile on her face when we eat these again -LRB- she has been w/o these for 3 mo -RRB- ,
 My grand-daughter loves them What better recommendation than that of the one who consumes them ? I highly recommend them on her behalf !
 I used to buy this at my local grocery store but now I can not find . I love that it is a fruit & veggie combo . My 19 month old daughter usually will not eat veggies but she always likes this one . I will continue to buy it .
 I bought These green beans for my baby because they 're organic . I honestly expected him to reject them , that it would be a good photo op for funny faces . He did n't flinch and in fact ate the whole thing ! This was much to my surprise ! Maybe it was a fluke , he was really hungry that day . On a different day , he ate the whole container once again ! I 'm thrilled that this is another green option in his diet since he does n't seem crazy about peas . I will be buying more of these .
 Excellent flavor for difficult eaters . Our 2 yr old son will eat almost nothing except milk . This is one of the only foods he has ever been willing to eat . Hard to find , I wish more stores would stock it . Also wish amazon could get it at a lower price .
 After trying many other pistachio flavorings and pistachio extracts which all taste very much like almond extract I have finally found the only product that delivers real pistachio flavor . We made the most delicious pistachio marzipan this year for the holidays . We also had a success in making a truffle with pistachio dark chocolate ganache that everyone said hit the mark on its pistachio flavor . Next up is a warm phyllo beggars purse filled with molten chocolate ganache served in a pool of pistachio creme anglaise .
 The taste was sensational and well liked by my guests . It tastes just like the Frango Mint Chocolates you would purchase at Marshal Fields . The price seems a little high .
 After trying many other pistachio flavorings and pistachio extracts which all taste very much like almond extract I have finally found the only product that delivers real pistachio flavor . We made the most delicious pistachio marzipan this year for the holidays . We also had a success in making a truffle with pistachio dark chocolate ganache that everyone said hit the mark on its pistachio flavor . Next up is a warm phyllo beggars purse filled with molten chocolate ganache served in a pool of pistachio creme anglaise .
 I love Nescafe Tasters Choice Hazelnut-flavored instant coffee . However , the 6.1-ounce plastic container of this product is no longer available in any of my local retail stores -LRB- although a smaller package of individually portioned coffee containers is , at an exhorbitant price -RRB- . Further , the best price of the Tasters Choice 6.1-ounce-package hazelnut coffee has increased from about $ 6.00 -LRB- store price -RRB- to nearly $ 57.00 -LRB- internet price , including shipping -RRB- during the past two years -- representing over a 800 percent price increase ! Hence , it is no longer economically feasable for me to purchase this brand coffee . Other brands are either not acceptable for reasons of unacceptable taste or exhorbitant cost.Several years ago I tried hazelnut flavor tablets for my instant coffee and found them to be satisfactory , if not convenient -LRB- since there are two ingredients , instead of one , at each preparation -RRB- . I therefore recently ordered Flavor Creations Hazelnut tablets from Amazon on a trial basis . Because I combined this order with another , Amazon charged no shipping and handling fees.The cost proved to be satisfactory , and the Flavor Creations Hazelnut tablets added to another good , but less expensive , brand of coffee made the total cost far more satisfactory . Further , the flavor was very near my original favorite.I plan to reorder these tablets when I run out , providing the cost has not increased .
 This is such a great product . So glad Amazon is carrying it ... Great flavor without the calories . I not only add it to my coffee but it 's also great added to cake & cookie mixes -LRB- Just crush the tablets before adding to the mix -RRB- All the flavors taste terrific . LOVE IT !
 I really like this product . It gives a wonderful flavor to my coffee in the morning . What I like most about it is that it 's not overpowering . I make a `` cup to go '' and have it on my way to the gym or work . I 've only tried the hazelnut flavoring so far but I 'm looking forward to tying the vanilla as well .
 The Hazelnut flavor is very good but could be stronger . I actually add two tablets to a # 2 cone filter when brewing coffee . I find this is better than adding the tables to an already brewed cup of coffee .
 I used to buy this product in the grocery store and loved it . I could no longer find it locally so I am thrilled to be able to buy it from Amazon.com .
 I had been looking for the straw type our local store used to carry , and thought I would try these . More convienient and works as good .
 My husband and I have used this product for years , carry them in my purse and have them at home . Ca n't remember the last time I had a cup of coffee that was n't Hazelnut flavored .
 I have used this product for a while when I was up north . When I came back home to florida I could not find a store that carried it . I went on line andfound it thru Amazon . delivery time was fast and the price was right .
 These are the most convenient coffee creamers I have ever found . No more messy powder packets that could pop open and ruin my purse . I loved these from the first day I saw them . They are a blessing for traveling . Now it does n't matter what flavor coffee establishments have , I can make it be the flavor I want .
 i actually call this my ` coffee crack ' because i ca n't drink coffee without it anymore . my local grocery stopped carrying it , so glad amazon has it !
 This is really nice to have when you just want something a little different . It makes drinking a cup of coffee step out of the ordinary .
 This is a simple , easy to use way to add flavoring to coffee when you wish without adding calories .
 These little tablets do the trick to change my standard warehouse store coffee into the yummy hazelnut flavor I like . Ido nee to use two per mug to get the flavor I like .
 a friend intro . to this product and liked it so much i had to buy some.if you like coffee you 'll love this product
 I discovered this product a few years ago . Now I can enjoy the Hazelnut flavor without having to brew a whole pot .
 I love hazelnut flavored coffee but it is n't available everywhere . These tablets are great . I carry them in my purse and I can have my favorite flavor ant time !
 This is a nice product . It does n't perfectly flavor coffee , but it does add a nice little touch . Definitely worth 4 stars .
 I never knew there was any flavoring like this until I saw it listed here at Amazon . I love these tablets and carry a tin with me in my purse -LRB- no larger than a tin of mints -RRB- so that I can have Hazelnut coffee when I am out . I also use these when I only want one cup of decaf coffee and make instant coffee . I like the flavor tablets because it does n't diminish the coffee taste , dissolves easily and has very little sweetness to them . I can add Splenda easily . It is getting harder and harder to find Hazelnut coffee for a regular coffee pot or in instant form . The recommendations are for using one tablet but I always use two . If I am going to make iced coffee I have an extra large mug that I use and use three tablets instead.I was so pleased to find these on Amazon .
 No calories , no carbs , just great taste to add to coffee anywhere you are . I keep it in my purse . This stuff is great !
 KAL nutritional yeast is my favorite brand of the various brands I 've tried . It has a nice &#34; cheesy &#34; flavor , a bit stronger than Red Star brand in my opinion . I also like the fact that it is sold in large canisters . I will continue to buy as long as I can still find it !
 I used to buy this at Whole Foods but they were frequently out of the large size . This is a much better price and I can get it any time I need it .
 I add this to tofu stir fries and places id put cheese , like a bked portabello mushroom . Very worthy supplement for that b12 we need to find and the taste as an addition is super .
 I eat no meat and minimal animal products which makes getting all of the needed protein and nutrients a bit difficult in some ways . Nutritional Yeast goes a long way in helping with that . It has a nice cheesy , nutty flavor which is fantastic on pasta , in soup , and lots of other foods . Adding a few tablespoons to a bowl of soup adds a nice flavor and creaminess that I love and find hard to achieve usually since I do n't use milk products . On pasta , it creates a nice &#34; mac and cheese &#34; and is a good replacement for parmesan on spaghetti . If I 'm in a hurry in the morning , it 's super easy to sprinkle some on toast . It is easy to create a sauce with just some of these flakes and some soy milk or water -LRB- along with other spices depending on your taste -RRB- , which can be added to steamed vegetables , rice , or any number of other foods . Delicious.I definitely recommend these for anyone struggling to incorporate enough nutrients and protein into their diet , or anyone who just wants to make what they already eat even better nutritionally . I ca n't compare the KAL Yeast Flakes to other brands because this is the only one I 've tried , but that should say something
 I have purchased this product for the past year , and I love it . It does exactly what nutritional yeast is supposed to do - give things that &#34; cheezy &#34; flavor and bulk . I use it for many things , though of course , it is showcased in my favorite &#34; cheezy sauce &#34; that we serve on our vegan macaroni.I particularly like the packaging - the cylinder shape is reminiscent of oatmeal bought in stores ... but it is easy to grab and unlike the bags of nutritional yeast , I have yet to spill this accidentally .
 I take KAL - Yeast Flakes as one of the supplements in my cardio nutrition program . I like that it comes as flakes . That way it 's easier to acccurately measure each amount in my morning smoothie .
 It has been years since I 've used nutritional yeast . Based on the reviews , I decided to give this product a shot and I 'm glad I did . While I 'm not going to tell you that it tastes just like cheese , it 's very unique flavor is quite palatable and most enjoyable . My favorite use for KAL 's yeast flakes is to mix it in water , sometimes adding a little olive oil , and to put it on steamed veggies . Major yum !
 awesome product , for the price , good way to get a lot of vita.I love it on popcorn tastes like butter ! good deal ya
 We use this on almost everything . It works great with Tofu , and also makes a very tasty and creamy pot pie when mixed with vegetables . The nutritional content makes it ideal for not just Vegans and Vegetarians , but all people who are looking to add flavor and remain health conscious.A very simple recipe that I use on a regular basis is to cut Firm Tofu into halves or quarters , squeeze the water out as much as possible . I then coat with Braggs Amino Acids , and yeast flakes . This gives it a very good texture and taste .
 This is a great value for the amount you get . The yeast is fresh tasting and delicious . I would recommend .
 These flakes are a delicious addition to a lot of dishes . I initially got them for a healthy addition to soups . It adds a lot of savory , slightly cheese like flavor . I 'll occasionally sprinkle some on meats or eggs I 'm cooking in the pan . It 's a little bit like using grated parmesean . It has a ton of B vitamins , so good for energy and a lot of other health benefits . I had never even heard of using this in cooking but I was pleasantly surprised and will be getting more . The canister is huge and should last a long time , even with me dumping the flakes on pretty liberally .
 Great tasting `` nooch '' ! :-RRB- Loved it and love the big container size , much more economical buying it in bulk like this .
 This product is absolutely fantastic . I first learned about it on a Dr. Oz show , where its health benefits were touted and highly recommended . The taste is delicious -- I mix it in with virtually everything daily , including soups , vegetable dishes , chicken/fish dishes -- you name it ! It is also fantastic sprinkled on a baked potato or roasted squash . It makes everything taste rich and cheesy . Without question , I am enjoying a very noticeable increase in physical energy and mental clarity since using this product . After just a couple days of use , I immediately reordered a large supply . This will remain a permanent fixture in my daily diet . I just wish I had known about it sooner !
 My daughter has a severe milk allergy . I purchased this product in hopes of using it to cook a wider variety of meals for our family to enjoy . She is 4 and LOVES the taste of these `` cheese flakes '' . We add it to nearly everything we eat and use it along with garlic/onion powder to make an AMAZING dairy free cheese sauce for mac 'n cheese . It is so healthy for you that I add it to juice to enjoy as a post-workout drink ! I will be purchasing this product again and again .
 Why did n't I discover this product sooner ? I 've been using the powdered form of nutritional yeast and it 's nowhere the same in terms of texture and taste when added to food . I add this to the traditional Mac and Cheese for the little ones . It adds nutrition AND a cheesier taste/texture and they love it . And how can a parent not love a product that provides the benefits of added nutrition and great taste for the kids ?
 These flakes -LRB- often powdery -RRB- are better priced -LRB- even when ~ $ 15 for 22 oz -RRB- than anything available near the metropolitan area where I live . Used to pour this on everything possible before I got sick of the taste , now I sprinkle for a hint of cheesy taste and B12/nutrition .
 they are delicious and make sooooooo many recipes taste better . the smell is amazing . put on tofu patties with wholewheat flour , you will love it . add to sauces , kinda has a cheese vibe .
 We use Brewers Yeast for added flavor/texture on popcorn and other foods . Kal is the BEST tasting yeast flakes that we have found and the entire family loves it including our two young children . Best of all , it 's low fat and very high in important nutrients . We ca n't seem to get enough of this stuff .
 I bought those yeast flakes a couple of weeks ago and love to sprinkle it over dishes like noodles , soups and even salads . Great taste ! Will buy it again !
 I used to have really brittle fingernails that split and I could never keep my nails very long . No problem anymore ! I will admit that when I first opened this package I thought this was the worst smelling substance ever but since I recently went no dairy and there are limited cheese substitutes out there and I also knew this was very nutritious -LRB- vit Bs , protein and fiber -RRB- , I bit my lip and sprinkled it on my popcorn . OMG ! By the end of that bowl I was licking my fingers ! I am completely in LOVE and will have to buy another of these soon as this 22 oz container is running low after just a couple months ! lol I would still describe the odor as ` icky ' but it oddly makes my mouth water now . Besides you ca n't smell it much when it 's sprinkled over popcorn or on a sandwich or mixed into a soup broth . But the most amazing thing is after less than 2 weeks of eating this -LRB- hard to say how much but maybe 2-3 tablespoons daily ? -RRB- my fingernails became strong and they do not split horizontally like they used to . Love love love love love Nooch &#60; 3
 Pros : * full of stuff that 's good for vegetarians/vegans/picky eaters * dissolves easily * not overly bitter , like other brands I 've hadCons : * flavor still discernible in just about everything except very strong miso soup * somewhat expensive , though the volume of the container leads me to believe that this will last quite a while , even if consumed on a daily basisI 've tried it in popcorn and soups , and laced my dogs ' homemade food with it -LRB- picky little chihuahua mixes -RRB- -- they did n't seem to mind the flavor at all.What it boils down to
 Great on any food that has a salty taste . I do n't recommend on cereal or sweet things like in shakes .
 I put this on all my salads and baked kale . Tastes great . . kind of like cheese . Good source of aminos and b 's
 My first purchase of this product was from a local health food store which sells it loose in bins . I bought it as a vegan source of vitamin B12 . The taste was ok but not something I would use as a flavoring agent . My Amazon purchase of the 22 oz . container was much fresher tasting so that now we also use it to enhance the taste of pasta and gravy . I add it to my oatmeal each morning and it does seem to increase my energy level throughout the day .
 I add these flakes to home-made cat food . The cats like it . I think it 's supposed to be source of vitamin B for them , which is needed because I cook their meat .
 Good taste and nutrition value . Each day I add a spoon to my milk mug , my 2 yr-old kid also like it .
 Ordered through Amazon prime . Item arrived on time in perfect condition.You may not realize this product is HUGE ! It 's nearly the size of a container of oatmeal ! VERY reasonable for the price , especially considering how much this stuff costs in a small spice container from whole foods.This is my first experience with nutritional yeast . The taste by itself kind of reminds me of those mystery fried chips you get at fairs sometimes.The product was sealed and even I could tell it was very fresh.I 'd buy again .
 First off , this is a Huuuuge container ! Bigger than I was expecting -LRB- about the size of a canister of oatmeal -RRB- . Second , but most important , this nutritional yeast if yummy !! I had been buying in bulk at Whole Foods , but in my opinion this brand is better . Is is so fresh that the taste is better and the texture is awesome , almost with a little crunch to it , something that the other kind I used never had . Would definitely recommend it for sprinkling on veggies , popcorn , or using for all those yummy vegan `` cheese '' recipes .
 I have n't tried any other brands , but I 'm glad to have gotten this one . I 'm on my 2nd canister ; it lasts a long time . I add it to scrambled eggs and sprinkle it on other foods when it seems like it might work . My favorite way to use it is to air pop some corn -LRB- I have a microwave popper in which I use a little olive oil -RRB- , spritz the popcorn with oil olive when it 's ready and sprinkle on a little salt and yeast flakes . Yummy ! Now I ca n't imagine eating it any other way .
 This is the first time I 've tried nutritional yeast . I guess I went all in with the 22oz can -LRB- it 's a LOT -RRB- , but I 'm happy to say I really like it . I LOVE it on popcorn and my pups are crazy for it on their dog food -LRB- it 's apparently is good for them too -RRB- . So , it 's a win win !
 I 'm a raw vegan who sometimes misses the taste and texture of cheese . I 'm really glad I bought nutritional yeast flakes because I can add it to all my raw vegan dishes for added flavor and texture . It makes everything taste cheesy and rich , and it 's super nutritious and very affordable . A little goes a long way . I can make raw zucchini taste like macaroni and cheese ! I ca n't wait to make cheesy kale chips in my dehydrator . I have had them before and they taste just like cheezits -LRB- but they are raw , green and healthy ! -RRB- I know I 'm getting my B vitamins when I consume nutritional yeast because it makes my pee bright yellow .
 This is the best nutritional yeast I 've been able to find . It actually tastes good ! The ingredients list on Amazon is wrong - its a very good source of B-Vitamins , and many other nutrients , including the important trace minerals Selenium and Chromium . If you 're looking for a good yeast powder , this is the one !
 EDIT
 This nutritional yeast is the same stuff that you can find in the bulk bins at many health food stores . The upside is that it has n't been pawed through by a zillion shoppers before you and the canister that it comes in is so much sturdier and easier to store in your pantry than the flimsy plastic bags found in most bulk food aisles.The reason that I gave it four stars instead of five is that it is the `` small flake '' nutritional yeast instead of the `` large flake '' that I prefer . Plus , although it has a good `` cheesy '' flavor and is great for using when making vegan dishes or as a topping for popcorn , it does have a very slightly bitter flavor to it that in my experience , some other brands of nutritional yeast do n't seem to have .
 I love Kal Nutritional Yeast . It has a delicious nutty flavor , and I put it on brown rice , salad and mochi . It is especially good mixed with flax borage oil . My cats are addicted to it , and I sprinkle it on their food as well . It is rich in B vitamins and about a gazillion amino acids . I always get the blue label , and at this price it was a tremendous bargain . I bought it online because for some reason New York City was out of it . Go figure , I guess the secret is out !
 Blends very easily . Has a mild taste . I put a scoop of nutritional yeast in my breakfast blender shakes -LRB- also has water , powdered milk and frozen berries or other fruit , and a sweetener such as stevia -RRB- . Gives a great nutritional boost - and all those B vitamins are great for the `` nerves ' before a work day begins and I like the protein in it too . Have been taking yeast for 20 years - it did take a few weeks to get used to the taste when I began , since I only stirred it in milk . With the fruit and a little sweetener - it tastes really good .
 I bought the 22oz size , and it 's bigger than I expected ... like the size of one of those round oatmeal containers ... 5.25 '' diameter , and 8.5 '' high.Taste is excellent . And the price ca n't be beat . That alone would make this a five-star item , but it gets even better.This product is allergen-free -LRB- that means NO wheat , corn , milk , egg , soy , gluten , sucrose , animal derivatives , artificial colors , starch , or preservatives -RRB- . And it is even fortified with extra B-vitamins , Folic Acid , and B-12 . Three tablespoons contains 150 % of the RDA of B-12 !
 A very pleasant tasting yeast product . I have used it in several recipes , and it has enhanced and not detracted from the flavor of the recipe . It is chock full of B-vitamins , and much better flavor than some other B-Vitamin products I have used like Marmite . You must sprinkle some on freshly popped popcorn ... it is has a naturally cheesy flavor that makes popcorn great .
 This is a fortified yeast that tastes great and the cost is very reasonable . Good enough to sprinkle on every dinner !
 I recently bought this item for my daughter who is allergic to Dairy and eggs . She is a vegetarian and I am concerned about her not getting enough vitamin B . So I bought this product for her . My daughter likes her macaroni with this product -LRB- replacing the cheese -RRB- . My son who is not allergic to dairy also loves this product . He always want to replace cheese with this product in his macaroni . I have no means to know , if this will provide enough vitamin-B 's . I give it five stars , since my kids liked it .
 We have been using this product for some time as a cheese substitute on our ` whole foods ' based lifestyle . We find this to be an economical and consistently high quality product .
 The largest container I ever recieved from this Amazon . Ussully I am disappointed on the size of things . I give it to the animals so I do n't know about freshness .
 Just what I wanted came quickly . Highly recommend both this product and the supplier . Very satisfied . Only need 3 more words ... Thanks !
 My son is on a severely restricted allergy diet and this has a ton of nutrients . I do notice I feel better after I eat this . But , anyone who says this can pass for cheese has n't actually eaten cheese in many , many years ! My son wo n't eat it if he knows it 's in there , but I can mix it with brown rice pasta in small amounts and he does n't notice it . I like the taste , but again , in smaller quantities
 I 've tried many different brands of nutritional yeast flakes , and these are by and far my favorite ! Thank you KAL for such a superior tasting product !
 Arrived quickly . Good packaging . Very quality product . No complaints . Very convenient to buy this product on line as it can be difficult to find in stores .
 Tastes great . Has a little crunch . Feels healthy . Turns pee bright yellow.My only complaint , and this is minor , is that the container was about 60 % full when we opened it . They could use a smaller container.Still , it 's the best deal I could find .
 Took a little longer to get here this time but , none the less , it showed up in perfect condition . Thanks !
 I 'm a vegetarian and had never heard of nutritional yeast . I found it in an online recipe for tofu bacon , and purchased it for that purpose . Some people say it has a nutty or cheesy flavor ... To me it has a meaty flavor , but I can see the `` cheesy part '' . I have n't tried any other brands of nutritional yeast , for whatever it 's worth . That said , this definitely added a LOT of flavor to the tofu bacon . The end result of the recipe would n't exactly be something I would call `` bacon '' , but it was really , really good in its own right . After refrying up some of the leftovers -LRB- which had a chance for the flavors to sit -RRB- , I got the distinct impression that I was eating slices of pork roast . A lot of that I attribute to the nutritional yeast . Part of the reason this stuff is so good is that it contains a LOT of glutamic acid . This amino acid is of course present in MSG , among many other completely natural , healthy things . Do I feel like I 'm being naughty by adding this to things ? Not really . It tastes good , and it has nutritional value -LRB- a complete protein I believe ? -RRB- for a vegetarian .
 Far superior taste to what I 've been buying in bulk at my local health food store . I 'm a loyal Kal user now !
 Though the item that arrived was not this picture , it is the same 22 oz KAL Nutritional Yeast flakes I purchased before and I 'm very satisfied . It takes a little while to get used to the taste but now I put it on pretty much everything . I agree it 's slightly cheesy , a little salty tasting -LRB- to me -RRB- , but I really do sprinkle it on pretty much everything savory or spicy . 3 TBS for 9 protein and it 's just yummy . Great product , have purchased again , will purchase again .
 this stuff is amazing it tastes like cheez itz but no flour or cheese and junk chemicals i can eat this alone or perfect on popcorn and avocados
 Thanks to nutritionist Kimberly Snyder 's book The Beauty Detox Solution , I changed the way I eat . In her book , she recommends substituting cheese for Yeast Flakes . Expecting a cheesy flavor , I was surprised that this is more of a nutty flavor . I read all of the reviews so I knew the expect this . I love putting this on my salad and have no complaints that it does n't exactly taste like cheese . I will add it to my popcorn next time just to see how the flavor will taste then but for now , I 'm 100 % satisfied with the quality and taste of these yeast flakes .
 this has helped my grandmother tramendusly for hereyeast infections and also lowered her cholesterol levels taking this once a day .
 Excellent tasting . Be advised though - this is a LOT of yeast . If you ca n't consume it within a couple of months , the taste starts to diminish .
 Keep a small shaker flip top canister -LRB- I use the Red Star one -RRB- so you can refill when needed . Getting this jumbo size will save you a bundle , especially if you use a lot of yeast . The quality is good , and you can add it to many foods to increase nutritional value .
 I use these flakes in soups , sauces , and broths . The flavor is great and it smells like fresh baked bread . They dissolve very well .
 This is another of those items you would not run across unless you have vegans in the family . This is a substitute for cheese . It has a wonderful flavor for making cheese dips . Even works to sprinkle on pasta dishes .
 I have a hard time finding nutritional yeast flakes near me , so buying these online is very convenient . This product works well in my cheese sauces and the price seems fair compared to a local health food store .
 I will typically use Bob 's Red Mill brand for my pantry items , but I decided to give this a try due to the better value . I have used this now in many recipes and the quality is every bit as good as Bob 's . Nutritional Yeast is great for vegan ` cheese ' sauces and is an ingredient in many vegan recipes to add nutritional value . I use this for vegan mac-n-cheese and it tastes great !
 My girlfriend and I love this stuff . She puts some on her salad every day . We use it with ground sesame seed 50/50 as a topping in place of parmesan and for popcorn . The best use of it so far though is for delicious cheese sauces . We make up about a quart and a half of cheese sauce by using a cup and a half of this with tofu , oil , garlic powder , soy sauce and paprika . Pour it over a pound of cooked noodles like macaroni and bake it for a while and you have rich mac and `` cheese '' . When I 'm eating lots of this Nutritional yeast I notice feeling more energetic . It 's loaded with B vitamins and protein.Check vegweb for the actual recipe . I think it 's `` Best mac and cheese in the world , seriously '' or something like that . I also use it for a breakfast scramble . Just fry up the potatoes , onions , peppers and whatever you want , then pour on some sauce and let it cook down for a minute or two . Delicious!Some people find something a bit funny about the taste of Nutritional Yeast . But like most things , if you do n't go in with an expectation of how it should taste -LRB- many people are expecting cheese -RRB- , you may really like it . I find that it 's a more pungent style of cheese like flavor like a sharp cheddar.The KAL brand is excellent also . It 's essentially the same strain of yeast that is sold under other labels . Red Star Nutitional Yeast 40240 `` vegetarian support formula '' from what I 've gathered . Which is usually considered the best tasting variety .
 Yum , a good brand of yeast . Happy to be able to get this online , I live in a rural area where no one has ever heard of this stuff .
 Nutritional Yeast is one of the absolute essentials of a Vegan lifestyle , in my opinion . This product provides that excellent , nutty , cheesy flavor in a great size package . I will be buying again !
 My order was delivered super quick and the product is awesome . The taste is yummy !
 It 's difficult to find flakes of yeast . I like it on home-made popcorn fresh off the stove.It adds a buttery taste to it , and the flakes catch in the crooks and crevices of the popped corn.Discovered it in Portland , OR at an art theater downtown , where they had it in a shaker , next toparmesean cheese and salt , etc.About once a month I HAD to go to that theater , no matter what movie was showing , and have some popcorn with brewer 's yeast on it . Finally figured out it was right beforemy menstral cycle , and my body craved B vitamins , which this stuff is packed full of.This is a big container of it , and should last quite a while.I 'll tell you , finding FLAKED brewer 's years is difficult way down here in my area .
 Pros : Nutty taste , great qualityKeeps a very long time in the freezer!Very versatile , use in anything to make cheesyGood source of Vitamin B-12Cons : Packaging is different than pictured.I have to admit I normally have a pet peeve about not getting the packaging I 'm shown on amazon ! But I 'm reviewing the product , not the seller , so keep that in mind when reading this -LRB- They just need to update their very outdated image of the packaging -RRB-
 I use Nutritional Yeast on my popcorn which gives it enough flavor that I do n't have to add salt . I have used a more expensive brand which had a stronger yeast flavor but for the price , KAL brand is just fine .
 This is a fantastic price for a quality product . I have used other nutritional yeasts but like the texture , aroma , flavor , and color of this one . Shipping was prompt and arrived in perfect condition . I plan to sign up for ergular deliveries .
 Being a vegetarian , nutritional yeast is a great way to get nutrients . This product tastes great ! I put it on pasta , potatoes , vegetables - it is a great seasoning and has a cheesy flavor . Highly recommended !
 I love KAL yeast flakes add this to your favorite vegetable dish , favorite snack like organic popcorn or whatever your cheesy heart desires . Yeast flakes is rich , nutritious and delicious . You must have this on you at all times it is great , you 're a sprinkle away from deliciousness just click and add to your cart !! You can thank me later : -RRB-
 This is excellent nutritional yeast . I recommend this over Lewis Labs any day . Kal flakes taste great on pasta , in soups , etc. .
 These yeast flakes are tasty and I find the large package a great value compared with the smaller sizes available in natural foods stores
 I like this stuff . Adds a nice flavor . Vegan . But I can pretend it 's cheese-like ! I sprinkle -LRB- liberally -RRB- on pasta -LRB- spaghetti -RRB- dishes often . I 've made some `` creamy '' cheese-like substances with it , which taste good but only resemble cheese in yellow color and maybe a melted texture , not so much taste.It suggests mixing some with warm water for a snack . I tried this once , and there was no way it was for me , too strong by itself.Cheaper per ounce than my local health food store .
 Ladies if you are pregnant or trying to conceive , taking nutritional yeast is a wonderful food-based way to build up folic acid levels in early pregnancy . Also , it was effective in stopping morning sickness for me . Taking vitamin B-6 has been linked with reducing morning sickness , and nutritional yeast has it in abundance along with a wide range of other B-vitamins . If this is not enough , it 's high in protein and tastes delish . I love it !
 I hunted high and low for a GF/CF alternative for Mac & Cheese for my son . At last I found the answer and it is actually good tasting and good for health -LRB- unlike the real mac & cheese . -RRB- Life is good again !
 Super good on popcorn ... also , my sister likes it on open faced bagel and cream cheese with avocado and yeast ... . its really good , trust me on that one ... . also good on toast . But ... Popcorn just seems bland without it now
 This nutritional yeast is great over popcorn with a little sprinkle of olive oil ! It is packed full of b-vitamins and amino acids
 Yes , Kal yeast flakes are quite tasty like the other reviewers are saying . Before buying this brand , I had been buying Red Star Nutritional Yeast from my local store and dumping it on lots of things , on salads , in smoothies , on popcorn . I 'm a borderline vegetarian and was n't taking any B supplements so I figured that the yeast was a good idea . But as has been noted , it 's pretty expensive . The Kal brand is a better deal and I just fill an old 5 oz Red Star container to make it easier to dispense . -LRB- I slightly prefer the Red Star product hence the 4 stars . -RRB- There is a point I must sadly bring up , though , and it 's that if you use a heavy hand , you may see `` results '' where you do n't want them . According to the label , 3 rounded tablespoons are 80 calories . By the time you 've scarfed down the whole cannister of yeast flakes , you 'll have consumed almost 2500 calories . So if you are wont to get a little crazy when you find a food you like , it might be worth remembering !
 Nutritional yeast flakes have been part of my diet from a toddler , 62 years . Ma would make these wild milk shakes with soy protein , brewers yeast , blackstrap molasses , she called it `` tigers milk '' the yeast 's nutty flavor with the sweet kiss of molasses ... out of this world.Mix red pepper , garlic powder and brewers yeast , put that on your popcorn you 'll forget all about butter , A table spoon in my coffee -LRB- 8:00 arabica -RRB- endless possibilities , even the dogs benefit as yeast helps repel parasites , fleas , etc. I am also fighting chronic anemia so for me the folic acid is n't an issue but I certainly have paid attention to the issues in many of the comments . It is good to bring attention to the fact that everything in moderation is a reasonably good approach and doing homework on your own unique situation is the best approach of all .
 I like this better than some I 've had , but it does have a hint of bitterness compared to some -LRB- Bob 's , mainly -RRB- . This is n't really noticeable when used in recipes so it 's only an issue when I 'm sprinkling it straight onto foods . The flakes also seem smaller than many other brands I 've used , making it dissolve a little quicker . I also think the flake size should be taken into account when measuring tried and true recipes , I think the actual weight would be a little heavier compared cup by cup for this.If rating for price for amount and quality only I would give this the full 5 stars-it 's a great deal-but going on just the product itself , I give 4 stars because of the slight bitterness issue .
 I love this stuff ! Nutritional yeast is a little expensive for the most part , especially in local stores . Buying in bulk is your best option , especially if you 're like me and are addicted to the stuff . I 'm glad I found this product -LRB- I purchased the 22 oz size , by the way -RRB- . It 's cheap and lasts quite a while . Nutritional yeast has a nutty , cheesy sort of flavor -LRB- try toasting it before using it in recipes -RRB- , and can also impart a chicken-type flavor . I 'm constantly making vegan `` cheese '' sauces and adding it to broths and gravies for a savory taste . It can be an acquired taste - some people love it right away ; most have to grow into it . I did n't really like it at first , but now I 'm obsessed with the stuff -LRB- similar to tofu -RRB- . I recommend VegWeb.com for yummy recipes ; the Tangy Cheeseless Cheese Sauce is my favorite ! Try sprinkling it straight onto popcorn and pasta dishes . Bryanna Clark Grogan has a recipe for `` Chicken-Style Broth Powder '' using mainly nutritional yeast.BONUS
 If you 've never tried nutritional yeast before , I would suggest trying it out ! I have replaced cheeses with nutritional yeast for the added nutritional benefits and lower calorie content . The substitution has worked well in salads , scrabled eggs , soups , sandwiches . This might sound silly , but I 've actually started prefering the nutritional yeast to shredded cheeses because I have come to love the taste so much ! Make sure that whatever you add this to is n't too dry of an item , or the yeast 's texture would be too dry.This brand through amazon has been a great choice for me because it is convenient and cheaper than in the specialty grocery stores . I highly recommend it !
 I ca n't say enough about this product . I 'm so happy that it is being sold on Amazon.com . And I 'm happy to see such wonderful overall reviews . I 've been taking Kal Yeast Flakes for years . There 's nothing quite like it , in my book . It has amino acids , minerals and a powerhouse of B vitamins which I 've always heard are great for the nervous system . I do n't know what it is , but I always seem to feel a bit more clear-minded and levelheaded throughout the day after I 've had my morning dose -LRB- a tablespoonful or two in apple or orange juice -RRB- . Nice to have in the evening sometimes , too.This is a product that I 've used and trusted for a long time . Would n't want to be without it .
 I bought this for the first time on a whim about three months ago . Love it , love it , love it . Love it on popcorn , crave it on my spaghetti -LRB- with a touch of parmesian cheese added to it -RRB- . I eat spaghetti for lunch maybe four to five times a week now -LRB- no sauce -RRB- . Do n't know if that 's good or bad , but I heap the nutritional yeast on it and love it . I 'm definitely not a vegan -LRB- not that there 's anything wrong with that , I just love me meats -RRB- , but I feel good that this product is so full of nutrients . I do n't know how it compares to other brands . I bought this brand first and it tastes great to me , plus the price is cheaper than some others out there , so I figure , why buy anything else ?
 I honestly ca n't think of anything bad to say about this product . Tastes great and is inexpensive compared to other nutritional yeast offerings . Comes in a nice resealable cardboard -LRB- oatmeal style -RRB- tube - and 22 oz of yeast flakes is a LOT ! My kids love it on pasta & bagels - basically anywhere you would use sprinkle cheese . In fact , my kids now usually ask for ` yellow cheese ' on stuff . Great product and great price .
 We have been using this product for years . Our vets tell us our cats have the best-looking coats of any of their patients , and our cats DEMAND it on their food . Also seems to cut down on kitty tooth tartar . It is a great source of B vitamins . A staple in our household for the humans as well .
 This is , hands down , the best nutritional yeast on the market . I use it in tofu scramble , on popcorn , on roasted vegetables , in soup . I even like to put a little bit in my hair when I 've had a rough week . What do you think holds it up , slick?All joking aside - this product is phenomenal . I will only be buying KAL Nutritional Yeast Flakes from here on out !!
 I did n't buy it off amazon , but I recently purchased a can at my local health food store and it does have a cheesy flavor . It reminds me of the flavoring on snack foods like Doritos . The smell is n't as appetizing , but it does n't bother me . I love sprinkling it on my pasta dishes , it has such a delicious nutty flavor . I also notice a huge surge in my energy levels after eating it too .
 Makes a lot of things delicious -LRB- who would imagine that something with a name like `` yeast flakes '' could taste good ? -RRB- Use instead of salt , sugar , many other empty or harmful ingredients . Get B-complex and other nutrients in a natural , tasty form . Spoon it into your milk , yoghurt , cocoa , hot or cold cereal , soups , veggies , sauces , salad dressing , popcorn , ice cream , your mouth , whatever . I even load my morning coffee with it ; it adds a smooth and pleasantly `` malty '' flavor . Keeps forever at room temp.This review is mostly for newbies who could use a nudge of encouragement to try something that sounds strange ; remember , life is full of pleasures that seemed strange the first time !
 My secret weapon to perform hard work with a great attitude . Guanine -LRB- a caffeine analog -RRB- gives a long lasting stimulant boost while theobromine provides the attitude adujstment of chocolate . A wonderful delight that got me to quit coffee which is jittery , short-acting and just pale in comparison.Guanine is oil-based so it 's hard to dissolve in water but that allows for slow-release in your body . Be brave , depending on your body size use a teaspoon to a tablespoon . If you can consume a tablespoon of coffee you can certainly consume a tbsp of this.Instead of trying to dissolve into liquid put it in Yogurt or Apple Sauce . Makes a great low calorie breakfast that stays with you and reduces hunger.Truly an amazing product that leaves a six-hour silly grin on my face with motivation to clean the garage !
 Better than coffee or ANY energy drink !!! This is the authentic , natural item . Stay away from any other product besides Guarana and Yerbe Mate ' - read up on it !! good luck !!
 This stuff is fantastic . I agree with the other complimentry reviews . might i suggest mixing a small amount of this powder with a shot of olive oil ?! I actually think it may lengthen the effect even mnore by doing this and it is a fat soluble so it 's a lot easier to get down . Because of the chemistry of this molecule , it is bitter and never tastes good . If it really bothers you , it 's possible to order some gelatin capsules and make your own guarana capsules ! That way you can swallow them and will not have to deal with the taste : -RRB-
 A little hard to swallow but well worth it . I used to drink two coffees a day , now I 've quit coffee because of this product . Doing the math , it 's actually saved me quite a bit of money . It works well as an appetite suppressant as well , I have n't been nearly as hungry .
 It is definitely authentic guarana powder . Seems to give u a good caffeine amount . Only problem is it never seems to incorporate into your drink . I 've tried using a blender , a spoon and even soaking it overnight in water but you always have to shake it before you drink it cuz it does n't disolve . Tastes not bad with just water though .
 We buy these all the time . Has a great flavor , lower in calories and fat than regular cheese puffs and is higher in fiber . Keep in mind these wo n't taste as cheesy as `` regular '' cheese puffs -LRB- Cheetos , Jax , etc -RRB- , but they still taste great . I get them because they 're lower in calories , fat and healthier - and still taste great . Plus the price here is much better than in the supermarket .
 These are DELICIOUS !!! They are BAKED and MULTI GRAIN `` cheeto-ish '' crunchie snacks -LRB- I actually prefer them to the Cheetos Brand ! -RRB- ! I give them to my toddlers for a special snack and enjoy them myself ! FINALLY a snack that 's good for both KIDS and MOMS !! -LRB- P.S. - These are hard to find in the local grocery stores . -RRB-
 Great taste -- great snack.For the price I could n't beat it . Onlyproblem , trying to eat in moderationwhen watching a movie !
 I 've enjoyed Crunch n ' Munch for years ; and it 's as good now as it ever was . I like it because it satisfies my craving for sweets without being too sweet ; and compared to other sweet snacks , it is relatively healthy .
 This stuff is great !!! Absolutely love it !!! It is not too salty and not greasy at all , especially compared to the `` regular '' kettle corn . Perfect snack for kids too !!!! Please keep stocking it as it is sometimes difficult to find at my local stores !
 The popcorn tastes very good . It is 94 % fat free , so it is a snack that will fill you up and not be unhealthy . It is a core food on the weightwatcher 's plan .
 This is the best popcorn ever -- and it 's healthy . Why did you take it off your list ?
 This makes a better dip than Hidden Valley , and is much more affordable .
 Good beans . I ca n't find these in the grocery stores where I live , but ordered them through this retailer with no problems .
 Good stuff - like lentils you do n't need to soak these . They are small so feel good in the mouth .
 Adzuki -LRB- or Azuki -RRB- beans are ment to be used in asian sweets . You can make sweet bean paste by boiling the beans for 30-40 min , -LRB- changing the water out at least twice -RRB- draining and mashing the beans with sugar . -LRB- strain the paste if you do not like the bean skins -RRB- What you get is a paste that can be put on ice cream , fill pasteries or stuff into Mochi Cakes .
 their not only good for you but their yummy.they smell like cloves when their cooking and taste a little sweet .
 This makes a better dip than Hidden Valley , and is much more affordable .
 This makes a better dip than Hidden Valley , and is much more affordable .
 I first obtained this product in a gourmet chocolate shop in Punta Gorda , Florida . I enjoyed it very much , but after returning home to Maryland I had no idea where I could purchase more . I went to Amazon and there it was . Thank you , Amazon .
 One of my local grocery stores carries some Familia products . Their Muselis are very good in general , but this Swiss Crunch with seeds is one of my favorites . It is very satisfying -LRB- I eat it cold with some Silk Light Vanilla soy milk -RRB- and the seeds add an interesting variation to the fruit bits in most of the Muselis I 've tried . Amazon 's price is great too .
 I am partial to the Familia Swiss brand for my museli , but this is my favorite crunchy style . I prefer to have the nuts in the mix and add my own fruit as seasonally available . Freeze dried fruit is just never as good .
 I tried the rest of Familia Muesli Products but this one I liked the most . Amazingly tasty and very crunchy .
 I like em a lot , wife thinks they 're the best cereal she 's ever had , teen daughter thinks they taste just a bit better than hamster food , the others here like them enough . Bags are pretty small but still a good enough deal that I 'll buy again , just too good -LRB- and a unique flavor ... really like the pumpkin seeds in them -RRB- not to .
 For several years , I religiously carted bags home in my suitcase purchased at the French grocery store Carrefour in Dubai . Then this particular mix disappeared from the shelves.AT first I thought I had introduced too many colleagues to the `` Best Cereal Ever '' . I only eat this particular cereal and mix it with organic yogurt and fresh fruit . Especially tasty with fresh peaches.After emailing Familia to inquire about the problem , I was pleasantly surprised to receive notification that they had a vendor in the US and I turned to Amazon.I am much happier now that Amazon delivers my cereal to my back door ... just in case I am in Dubai when it arrives . Ahhh , the life of an International Flight Attendant !
 A quality product from Bio-familia , a Swedish company that developed `` Bircherm&uuml;esli '' a product so popular and successful that made the name Muesli famous all over the world.If you need a high fiber and protein snack option for your diet , this is absolutely a very good product . You ca n't go wrong and the best of all
 Given that it was a Scotsman - a 19th century Edinburgh tea master named Drysdale - who first marketed his particular blend under the name `` breakfast tea '' -LRB- and given that Drysdale 's creation would soon come to be -LRB- mis -RRB- appropriated by tea houses south of the border , who proceeded to add the word `` English '' to its name -RRB- , it seems only fitting that the Scots should have their own version of breakfast tea , too , after all . Even stronger than the already potent English Breakfast blend , this particular one is made to match not only the traditionally heavy English but even the Scottish breakfast , which like the English variety includes pork , sausages and eggs , but is amplified by that so distinctly Caledonian culinary creation
 I really love this tea , and I can not start the day without it . It has a full bodied and malty flavor . I like it with a little milk , but it 's also great on its own . I wish the leaves were whole , as is the Taylors ' Assam , Doomur Dulling , but that is my only nick against it . I 've tried both , and I still prefer the taste and fully body of the Scottish Breakfast Tea .
 I am a big fan of breakfast teas and this is one of my favorites . It has a little more body than most English Breakfast teas and goes well with most brunch food . I take it with a bit of milk , but it is good without , as well .
 If you have never had pumpkin seed oil then you are missing out on one of the great flavors of the world ! A tiny touch of this soft , fragrant oil added to a spring or summer pasta dish creates a heavenly delight.Try a small splash bit over mushroom ravioli in a light gorgonzola cream sauce and toasted pine nuts . A mouth orgy!Use a small amount in a home made viniagrette salad dressing with a few threads of saffron and pour over crisp butter lettuce with red pear slices and tiny clumps of Humboldt Fog Blue cheese.Take a slice of fresh Italian Calabrese or French peasant bread and dip it in the oil and let your toungue dance with pleasure.You 'll wonder where this oil has been hiding all these years .
 You really ca n't go wrong with blackeye peas . They cook up nice and tender but not mooshy , and tasted of real blackeye peas not like the commercial brands that have sugar and other flavors added in ... pure natural beans . Excellent .
 The product is not easy to find in stores around rural Mississippi . The kernels allow me , a person with nut allergies , to enjoy a nut-like texture without the allergens . However , it is a little expensive to purchase online .
 As a kid , everyone loved to eat sunflower seeds and spit out the shells , but as we get older , we no longer need the sore tongue from the salt when we can enjoy what is inside them in the first place ! This is my favorite snack !! They are no longer available in the stores in my town so I was thrilled to find them on Amazon . I was concerned they might be out of date freshness-wise , but was delighted to find they were not and I am ordering another box today !
 These sunflower seeds are very crunchy and have just the right amount of salt . I love to sprinkle them on salads . Mmmmm yummy . My order arrived with six months to go before the expiration date and I found that even after they had `` expired '' by about a month or two they were still very good . I like buying the seeds in the 8.5 ounce packages because they stay fresh longer than when I open one large bag.Update 7/11Nutritional Facts from actual package -LRB- Amazon 's facts are all wrong according to the manufacturer 's label -RRB- : Serving Size 1/4 cup -LRB- 30g -RRB- Calories per serving 190Calories from fat 140Total fat 15gSaturated fat 2gTrans Fat 0.5 gPolyunsaturated fat 8gMonounsaturated fat 4.5 gCholesterol 0mgSodium 220mgTotal Carbs 4gDietary fiber 3gSugars less than 1gProtein 9gCalcium 2 % Iron 8 % Vitamin E 40 % Niacin 10 % Folic Acid 20 % Phosphorous 25 % Magnesium 25 % Zinc 10 % ingredients : Sunflower kernels , Partially hydrogenated soybean oil , Salt .
 These arrived in a case that was still factory sealed . The expiration date is June 2013 . Delicious sunflower kernels , toasted and salted just right . Have n't found any bad ones at all . Each bag is resealable , so that helps keep in the freshness , too . Great price , great deal from Amazon . Will order again . Highly recommended .
 HEB is a Texas icon grocery store . They chose to not stock David Sunflower Kernels . The store brand they chose to substitute for David is so bad we had to throw it away uneaten . Thanks for selling the David brand .
 Good price for these . Very fresh for the 2 sets I 've purchased so far . Now I am `` auto-subscribed '' to getting theses every few months .
 Very satisfied with product . Great quality , entire family enjoys them and best price anywhere .
 They are a very good value . Package size is just right . Great on salads , but we like them best to snack on .
 This is great , my husband really likes this brand and our local grocery stores had stoppedselling them . He uses them on cereal .
 GREAT SERVICE mOTHER IN LAW BEAN RECEIPE HARD TO FIND CRANBERRY BEANS IN THIS AREA hAVE MADE HUSBAND HAPPY
 These organic red lentils are such a bargain ! They cook fast , are very tasty , and highly nutritious . I am planning to buy several pounds of these , at once . Highly recommended .
 These were very good lentils . We had fun mixing the different colors - though they cook up pretty much the same color they do have a bit of different tastes .
 they taste very good.and product was in good condition , but way to much packing penuts , i would prefer somthing biodegradabl or recyclabl
 This was a gift for my father-in-law who loves to enjoy butter with bread or crackers . It was somewhat of a joke gift , but he loved it . I am told that he guarded his &#34; fancy &#34; butter from regular use and insisted it was only for special enjoyment .
 I will definitely buy more . I brew all Darjeeling teas strong with distilled water and sweeten with sugar . I like the temperature to be between warm and hot which brings out the flavor . The beautiful clear amber-rose color makes me eager to drink my first glass of the day . This is what gets me out of bed in the morning ! Anticipation ! The delivery was tops . I love the reasonable price for this premium tea . The packaging is excellent as I always move my teas to a metal container as some teas do not come in a tin . I am very satisfied and pleased with this one .
 Bragg products are kind of strange . Without exception , every one I have ever had is a high-quality handcrafted old fashioned artisan condiment . They are sensitive to people with allergies , and have detailed labels that help show exactly what is in everything they make . Bragg products are also made by actual , bona fide crazy people . They 're some kind of hilarious vinegar-cult , with bible quotes all over their bottles and website , and links to articles about how fluoride is deadly poison , and drinking glasses of vinegar will make you live forever , and the world seed cartels are trying to murder apple trees , and gulf war syndrome was caused by the deadly neurotoxin Nutra-Sweet . I mean , seriously . These people are ACTUALLY crazy . But they make delicious products . This one is no exception.It 's a surprisingly hearty asian-style dressing that goes well on absolutely any kind of veggies , or as a meat marinade . It 's delicate while still being robust , mostly due to the use of the Bragg Aminos . They 're a soy-sauce substitute that is less salty and more savory , with big round mouth-feel . In this application it works very well . The ginger and sesame flavors are pronounced without being overwhelming , and the honey and garlic still have enough room to come thorough . This dressing would be a good choice even if it was n't super healthy , but the health benefits just make it a slam dunk . Awesome stuff . You do n't have to be a deranged conspiracy wing-nut to enjoy good salads .
 Bragg does it again with this All Natural Ginger & Sesame Salad dressing which begs you to find vegetables to eat . This dressing makes your vegies so delicious that you almost want to just keep eating vegetables . What is even most pleasuable is to know that you enjoyed a healthy dressing with no regrets . An added benefit is the reasonable price .
 Overall the flavor is that of apple cider vinegar rather than the ginger or sesame , but I know people who are not vinegar people and still love this dressing . It is very refreshing on salads and you just seem to feel better after eating it ! I often put it on just tomatoes or just cucumbers and let it marinate for a while before eating . My only complaint is that the bottle can be a little leaky at first if you do n't remove the sealing disk , and you really need to shake it up well when you first open it to prevent the first few servings from being too oily .
 I 'm a great fan of Bragg 's aminos , and so was delighted when I saw the Ginger & Sesame salad dressing for sale , and bought a bottle.It is very tasty mild salad dressing , and I can see sesame seeds floating around , and something shredded which is presumably ginger . The dressing is a yummy sweat-sour -- which I presume from Bragg 's Apple Vinegar and honey , but I can detect no sesame nor ginger flavor . Unlike other reviewers , I do not taste any hint of Bragg 's Aminos in `` Ginger & Sesame Salad Dressing '' -LRB- even though it is listed among the ingredients -RRB- , in anycase , it could use alot more.The biggest problem I have with premixed `` oil and vinegar '' dressings is that if you put them in the frig , the oil solidifies -- meaning you have to wait a half-an-hour everytime you want to use the oil . Leaving the dressing `` out '' , here in the tropics , is inadvisable . In addition , I find salad dressings from which the components settle out in a few seconds to be annoying , forcing me to shake-and-pour , shake-and-pour , shake-and-pour . However , oil and vinegar , separately , do NOT have to be refrigerated , and do not have to be shaken . If you want an oil-and-vinegar dressing , it is better to simply use oil , vinegar -LRB- or lemon juice -RRB- and spices separately : For a moderately premium olive oil , I recommend ColavitaColavita Extra Virgin Olive Oil , 34-Ounce Tins -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- For vinegar , you can use Bragg 's Apple Vinegar.Bragg - Apple Cider Vinegar , 32 oz liquidor a nice balsalmic vinegar . However fresh lemon juice -LRB- and a little lemon zest -RRB- is much better.Microplane 40020 Classic Zester/GraterIf you want sesame flavor , mix a little sesame oil with your oil , or drizzle it on separately . For example : Kadoya - Pure Sesame Oil 5.5 Oz.Dry sesame seeds are also available in the spice section of most grocery stores , which you can sprinkle on salads . For example : Bob 's Red Mill White Sesame Seeds , 16-Ounce Bags -LRB- Pack of 4 -RRB- If you want ginger flavor , grate a little fresh ginger over your salad using the microplane zester . My grocery sells tubes of minced ginger in the cool-foods section -- the tubes are almost as good as fresh ginger . Dried ginger is available in the spice section of your grocery . For example : GINGER GROUND FRESHLY PACKED IN LARGE JARS , spices , herbs , seasoningsFor example : S&B ; - Oroshi -LRB- Shoga ginger paste -RRB- in tube 1.41 Oz.Instead of salt , spinkle a little Braggs Aminos on your salad.Otherwise , I prefer stiff mayonaise-based dressings . They can be refrigerated without solidifying , and `` stick '' to the vegies better . I usually add flavors and spices -LRB- fresh ginger , cilantro , garlic , lemon zest , minced olives , minced dill pickle , mustard seeds , etc. -RRB- to mayonaise , as needed for the particular salad or vegetable dish I plan to serve . Similar homemade mayo-based condiment makes a super sandwich spread , a `` sauce '' for vegetables side-dishes , or a dip for battered fish , `` french '' fries , tempura , etc. . For non-leafy salads and for vegetables , I often serve the dressing `` on the side '' and use it more as a dip.Conclusion
 Fantastic flavor given a depth by the Bragg 's amino acids -LRB- I 'm guessing -RRB- . The ginger and sesame is not overpowering but well-received by our house .
 The recipients of the gift of four Scandinavian Cheeses were pleased and offered thanks for the items as well as for the considerate effort .
 I do like halva , but the cocoa swirl flavor never seems to be chocolaty enough to bother . This Koska brand at least tastes like good halva ; I 've had cocoa halva that was barely palatable . When there 's no chocolate in the house this stuff is pretty good .
 I was very happy with my order . It arrived on time and as described . Thank you !!
 First and foremost make sure you DO NOT let this tea steep too long . If you let it steep for the recommended two minutes , you should n't have to run to the bathroom like your pants are on fire ! If you let it steep for the 2 minutes , it 's a decent trip to the bathroom ... not explosive diarrhea.With the way we eat -LRB- mostly women -RRB- we need to clean out our plumbing every once in a while and this is a fabulous way to do it . It 's not recommended for everyday use !
 I did not buy this tea through amazon . . But from my grandmothers cabinet -LRB- haha -RRB- . I have been dieting for the past 3 months now , and i was completely oblivious to special teas for cleansing although i know of drinks/pills that cleanse , I wanted to steer clear of any type of pill and again oblivious to benefits of cleansing -LRB- even when not dieting -RRB- . Now I tried this tea two months ago & only because of the words `` Super Dieters '' I thought ohh special tea so i drank it -LRB- in the evening -RRB- it did for me do its job and loosen things up which i found odd at first then i read the package , and then I got it . So for me it did help being that I usually dont um go as much as I should and this has helped that . Not only that but since I have been using it along with my eatting habits , and exercise my diet has been showing better results nothing drastic but still better results and that is always great ! This tea -LRB- Cinnamon Spice -RRB- I think tastes devine , I do add not even a teaspoon of sugar but I think this tea does n't even need sugar at all -LRB- i just like it sweeter -RRB- . But all in all I do and have recommended this tea to a few family members and friends -LRB- who do and dont diet -RRB- because i love the taste and the results I 'm having with it .
 This product is great it really works . I have lost a total of 15 pounds in two months wihout exercising . I reconmend this product to everyone .
 This tea product got me running alright , to the crapper . But it did help loose about 10 lbs , mostly compacted fecal matter . I also feel more energized and feeling alot better . Before taking this product my best friend was a couple of cups of black coffee but since taking this for the last month my craving for coffee and sweets has subsided , however i now have to bulk up on toilet paper . Great product great buy !
 I love this product , it helps keep things moving ! I use it twice a day afternoon and evening while dieting . A great product for helping maintain your weight .
 I have used this product in the past and was highly satisfied . It works very well . I would just caution first time users not to make the tea too strong or your results may be `` too good '' .
 This product works very well . It taste great . Its a nice touch to the end of a day . PLEASE USE AS DIRECTED ! PLEASE !!!!!
 I have been using this tea for a few years now , and I drink the full 2 cups every night before I go to bed . It begins to take effect the next morning . I gave a bag to a friend to try & she loved it as well , she now orders it online .
 Works great for me and also help me with my weight . I do n't like the drink as much but I drink it as needed .
 When doing a low-carb diet , constipation can often be a problem , especially in the beginning stages when the carbs are the most restrictive . It 's a complaint many people have about low-carbing . Now , if you 're doing it right , it should n't be that way , but sometimes it just happens . Also , someone with chronic illnesses and also those who take pain medication regularly might find themselves with a bout of constipation too . So while I know this is called a ` dieter 's tea ' and I know that some people use it for cleansing and even for dangerous weight loss by drinking too much of it to ` flush out ' the foods they eat , this tea can actually be used safely and for good purposes when used properly for constipation relief.It takes a little bit to find the right level of brewing to make this work for you . Too little , and it does n't do much , too much and you 'll explode and run to the bathroom almost right after drinking it . Find the right balance , the right steeping level vs. water for you , and you 'll simply have a normal , easy relief the next morning . Once or twice per week , after a meal , works great for most folks I 've talked to . Works wonderful for me when needed.The flavor is great too . I 've tried the other flavors of this brand , and I do n't like them . My best friend likes the lemon though , so to each their own , but for me , the cinnamon is the best . It 's lightly sweet on its own , but sometimes I 'll still add a little honey.Good stuff , and if properly steeped , it does n't cause cramping or pain or unflattering gas , with a decent taste . Definitely recommend if it 's something you need .
 While this is a product that I purchase regularly -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , there is a better value on Amazon that is double the number for about the same price . Unfortunately , I picked the wrong one .
 A lot of tea for the price ... ... no sweetener needed ... The product works better than I expected it to . I also did n't realize how much I was ordering . I am enjoying this product . Has very good taste .
 This tea has a superb taste . I actually look forward to drinking this tea with my dinner . Now that it is summer I drink is as an iced tea , but this is also a very delicious hot drink too ! I use splenda and fresh mint when I brew it . Fabulous !
 Reality strikes . I have been drinking this tea every night for 10 years ! It is the best thing to keep me on the straight n narrow !
 Ok , so the `` Dieter 's '' part is just a gimmick . But this tea really does a great job of keeping things moving , if you catch my drift . Follow the directions carefully ! Steep it too long and you will spend a lot of time in the bathroom . This is my favorite flavor .
 I recieved the product in a nice time frame and it lived up to my expectations . I would recommend it .
 I like this product , but I would n't use it daily . I learned this the hard way . It is stronger then you think !!!!!
 I 've used this product for the last 15 or so years and it is good for one primary thing
 This tea works on my fiance 's digestive track as she has an issue with colitis and this product along with essential enzymes helps her to absorb and digest foods that otherwise would give her pains while in her digestive track , Thank you for making this product we plan to continue using it as long as we can .
 One must know that this dieter 's tea helps mostly by moving your bowels along . Be careful at first , or it will be unpleasant !
 I love this tea the taste is really good and it smells good as well my husband and I are year around tea drinkers and also we dont even have to add any sugar -LRB- well I use honey on some teas -RRB- but this one you do n't need anything extra and I will say it really does work drink plenty of water threw out the day ... . And usually in the am you will be cleaning it out lol ... I did n't have any stomach pains or anything but I eat well also !! I recommend this to any and everyone !!
 I never drink this tea alone . I always steep it with another tea , such as Oolong or Jasmine because the taste is n't the best . I use honey and sugar to sweeten and down the hatch it goes ! Expect some , um , gastrointestinal responses the next day . Sometimes I feel a bit of cramping and sometimes I do n't . Sometimes it will take most of the next day for it to ` work ' ... and sometimes it wo n't !!
 I 'm going to talk about poop in my review , so if that offends you , please skip reading this ! I 've tried the `` original '' flavor -LRB- which is ... herb-y and kind of gross -RRB- , but this is a review for the cinnamon spice -LRB- which is still slightly herb-y , but tastes pretty decent . -RRB- I never understand why these teas are marketed as `` dieter 's tea '' . Do n't use this to lose weight . The only weight you 'll lose is from all that crap and water you 're expelling from your bowels -LRB- literally crap . I made a poop joke . Hehe . Okay , sorry . Back to my review . -RRB- If you want to lose weight , eat less `` standard American diet '' foods , eat more veggies , and move more . The end . Seriously , do n't use this as your weight loss method . I 've tried it , and it just gives you stomach cramps for a few weeks , and you 'll lose more friends than pounds because basically you just have diarrhea all the time.The real purpose of the product ? It 's for pooping.This is a laxative tea for when you 're constipated . If you 've never had this before , here 's what I discovered about a decade ago , when I was a teenager with body image issues and found my mom 's `` dieter 's tea ''
 Have used this product for many years - but only as a way to &#34; regulate &#34; ... . My husband fights keeping his bowel movements regular daily - I just have a little cup of &#34; diet tea &#34; every evening - and &#34; wallah &#34; ! no problems here ... lol . I do not use it as a weight/diet program ; but for this reason , it works for me ...
 I have been using Laci Le Beau Super Dieters Tea for years . There is no subsitute . Many women in my family use it as well . This keeps me moving better than anything else and I suffer from Chronic Constipation . I would recommend this to anyone who could use a gentle , natural laxitive . I 've never felt like I 've taking a harsh stimulant , it just makes you feel & go like normal :-RRB- I hate poop talk but this is worth sharing ! LOL
 I do n't use this tea for dieting but more so for a natural cleanse to keep the body free of harmful toxins . It is very effective have used it for years ! First time users may experiece cramping but , after awhile they cease . Great Effective Product !
 I use this tea regularly . It really does the job and keeps things working ... if you know what I mean . I reuse the tea bags .
 LL is a great cleanser but be aware that when it goes to work you should be near a facility . I find it a bit harsh and prefer Mirolax which is tasteless and has a much milder effect ... at least for me . However , the first time I used LL , I lost 5 pounds in 3 days . Everyone is different so do n't take that as &#34; your &#34; baseline . Ca n't hurt to try . I usually mix it with a flavored tea -LRB- berry , peach , orange etc. -RRB- as the taste alone leaves a bit to be desired for my pallet .
 I 'm sooo happy I found this tea on Amazon.com . The price for 60 bags is unbelievable at best . I have always purchased this tea with 30 tea bags for 8.99 from a local merchant in my neighborhood . In an attempt save more of my hard earned money , I began checking prices of my favorite things elsewhere and low and behold I found my tea on Amazon.com . I now get 30 more bags -LRB- a total of 60 -RRB- for about 3.00 more . I have a good mind to stand outside of his store and advise the patrons to check Amazon for any products he sells . I 've already found several at much cheaper prices on Amazon . Hell , he probably orders from Amazon and re-sales the product . THANK YOU AMAZON !
 I love this tea . The taste is great and works well . I drink 2 cups a day and feel amazing . Will keep buying for sure .
 On days when ice and snow lasts for weeks , and when I know I need to have a boost with cleansing , and do n't want to drive , free shipping and great pricing make this an easy choice for purchase on Amazon !
 This is far and away the best cinnamon tea I have ever found . It 's quite difficult to find a cinnamon tea without added flavors like apple . This is just cinnamon tea , and it 's aroma and taste is that of fresh cinnamon . Also I drink this after dinner to curb my carb cravings , and amazingly , it does the trick .
 The tea is delicious , but I have n't experience the &#34; runs &#34; as mentioned by other reviewers -- even when I let it steep for a long period . I have , over a period of a week , found myself to be more regular . Overall , I like the product and will continue to use it to promote regularity . Maybe being more regular will get that scale moving downward again . : -RRB-
 Sometimes this tea works as I tended other times it does n't . This may be because I have IBS , and the senna in tea sometimes upsets my stomach . You need to drink plenty of water though or it 's less effective .
 My sister and her husband are enjoying every mouthful of the wonderful cheeses . Do not let it go by without trying them .
 Despite the many comments online that Tuna Tetrazzini is gone the truth is it 's not discontinued , it 's simply harder to find . Go to your bigger chain grocers -LRB- my Ralph 's always has it in stock and frequently has 10 / $ 10 sales -RRB- or Super Wal-Mart . Basically any store that normally has a wide selection of Helper flavors . Your smaller grocery chains , Target , Walgreens , etc will not have it . They onlywant to carry the Creamy Pasta and Creamy Broccoli varieties for some reason . Why this is the case makes no sense . When I was growing up tetrazzini was the favorite flavor in our house and you could always find it at the store . Betty Crocker has been making some baffling changes to the Helper line like refusing to put microwave directions on the box -LRB- check online if you need them -RRB- , making flavors harder to find , and reducing the amount of noodles in certain varieties . If you really ca n't find Tetrazzini , go with Tuna Melt , the other good TH flavor . The others are just not good .
 This product , in my opinion , is the best of the Tuna Helper flavors . Its flavor is bright , not muddy or overly thick and the noodles hold their texture . I add a little parmesian cheese to it . Ca n't find it in any of the stores in Tucson , Arizona .
 All the Tuna Helpers are excellent , but the Tetrazzini is the best in my view . Oddly , the one package I used of my shipment from Amazon did not have the extraordinary flavor of the one I purchased in our local store . Since my original purchase , my local store does not carry the Tetrazzini Tuna Helper . I am willing to accept that the one package I purchased from Amazon was not a true sample of the excellent Tetrazzini put out under the Tuna Helper label . Since the product is , I assume , made the same way each time , I expect the balance of the boxes I purchased to exhibit the same flavor as the first box I purchased from my local store .
 My friends enjoyed this present very much . The shipping cost was too expensive ...
 When I am short of time and want a fast side dish I make these and my family loves them . When I do n't have time to peel , dice & boil potatoes these save the day . Teens can prepare them with ease too.We like all varieties and they taste great .
 These Amish products are very good and economical . I find them , used appropriately , very helpful in cooking . They seem to be clean , fresh , and very nicely made . Their deliveries are good and timely .
 This is hands down the best sea salt you can buy . Besides the taste , it does not have anything added to prevent clogging . Since these additives are often derived from corn , this is important to people with corn sensitivities . Despite the lack of any anti-clogging agent , the salt flows easily from the shaker . I keep a small size bottle in my purse for meals out .
 These Amish products are very good and economical . I find them , used appropriately , very helpful in cooking . They seem to be clean , fresh , and very nicely made . Their deliveries are good and timely .
 The unhappy reviewer has a point ; this ramen is in no way spicy or Szechuan-like . However , it makes a great meal base , or eaten alone provided you spice it up yourself . Plus I can finally eat my favorite food without studiously avoiding the nutritional content label . Way more expensive than typical ramen , but then you pay more to avoid a coronary .
 I tried this product because I like ramen but not the usual fat content . This is about what I expected `` good enough '' I am used to a low-fat diet and I eat very little meat . It could use a little more flavoring if it were to be improved upon . Sometimes I add my own veggies to it . Overall , great product to use when low-fat is what your looking for .
 I think the Spicy Dragon is very good , although not that spicy , if you want something a little more spicy try the Wasabi with green tea noodles . This has been the only msg free and vegetarian ramen that I have been able to purchase in my local stores and now none of them carry it any longer . Thank god for the internet .
 I 'm vegan . I like it . It does n't taste really salty , which is a plus for me . If you 're accustomed to ramens that are loaded with tons of sodium , then you might find it less flavorful than what you are used to . If you can get past the lack of sodium , you 'll be able to taste subtler flavors .
 Green Earl Grey Tea by the Revolution Tea is one of my all-time favorite teas . I make sure that I never run out.There is n't much more I can say . Top ranking as a Certified Organic , it is a light , sophisticated , unexpected , very fine tea . Try it , and I think you will appreciate the unique twist in adding bergamot to a green leaf brew . I use this tea as an aperitif , or late in the evening in place of a sweet to finish my day peacefully , savoring an unusually pleasing and calming teapot experience . Night after night , I never get tired of it . Ahhhh ... Have fun ~ enjoy !
 What could be more perfect ? Earl Grey with the benefits of Green tea ! Very subtle , light , but still has the English tea flavor . I do n't buy it here , too pricey . My local bix blue box store carries it . But not every one of that store does so you might have to look around a bit . When you see it , buy a bunch !
 These Amish products are very good and economical . I find them , used appropriately , very helpful in cooking . They seem to be clean , fresh , and very nicely made . Their deliveries are good and timely .
 These Amish products are very good and economical . I find them , used appropriately , very helpful in cooking . They seem to be clean , fresh , and very nicely made . Their deliveries are good and timely .
 Being diabetic , I am always on the watch for sugar free snacks . The `` GoLightly Hard Candy '' is a great addition to my snaking list.At only 45 calories and 0 Net Carbs for 4 pieces , these do not impact my blood sugar levels or ruin my diet . These are sweetened with Splenda , so they are slightly less sweet than regular candies , but do not cause the `` laxative '' effect other dietetic candies can have.There are serveral types of available and they are all good!Highly recommended !
 Great for in between meals when you want a nibble . I also like one after meals for a desert . With the splenda for sweetner , it 's an ideal treat for a diabetic .
 I have never used better salt . It is better tasting , prettier , and has more real salt flavor than any other salt even though you use less to get that salty taste . Other salt always gives me endema and raises my blood pressure . RealSalt does not give me endema as do other salts , and my blood pressure has even gone down rather than up . My whole family feels better . We will never use other salts again . We just finished using our first 25 # box , and love it . By the way , we have found that it pours better than other salts , too .
 I have filled all my salt shakers with Redmond 's Real Salt . I learned about it when I was researching the pH Miracle Diet . Dr. Young taught me how important natural sea salt is to the body . I 've heard others say that sea salt tastes better than refined salt , but my taste buds are n't that discerning . I just know that Real Salt is healthier than table salt and I ca n't tell the difference in taste .
 If you love salt , this is a natural product . I share this purchase w/family . Recommend this company and product to all
 This is an excellent take on an old favorite . Try the recipes includled , especially the wings , they are delicious . I probably added a bit more peanut butter -LRB- heaping tablespoons -RRB- and a dash of cayenne pepper but really good and simple to make . Look forward to trying the other flavors . Gave a few tubs away and my friends loved this item also .
 I usually use the dirty rice mix without cheese . I ordered this by mistake , and glad that I did ! It is easy to make as the other flavor , and tastes great ! I made it for company , and ended up giving away a few boxes . Zatarain 's does it again !
 Cheese and rice go well together , especially with a little ground beef or sausage and spices . This is a combination that 's hard to beat . Just provide the meat and it 's good right from the start , or spice it up and enjoy doubly . A distinctly tasty treat .
 Could not find this product in local stores anymore , decided to get some here . Great flavor
 We love Zatarain 's Dirty Rice Mix and purchase it often in the stores.I 've never noticed the cheese variety before so decided to try it.It 's nice and spicy and very cheesy . We were both pleased with it , but I still like the regular Dirty Rice mix better .
 The great thing about this is that in one box there are at least 100 different meal possibilities to create .
 This is a great side dish so you can add in some fried hamburger , sausage or smoked sausage and make more of a main course item out of it . It is delicious and tasty and easy to fix . If you toss in 1 pound of meat it makes six servings of one cup each . You can also throw in some vegetables into the mix and we use frozen corn or small pieces of broccoli . We love the spicy and cheesy taste.I have listed below the Nutrition Data but I would like to point out that you should be aware of the sodium content as one cup contains 28 percent of your daily allowance of sodium and that does not include any meat that you might add.Amount Per Serving % Daily ValueCalories
 My busy family with three kids needs quick meal options . Red Beans and Rice with some veggies and shrimp thrown right in is a great fast meal .
 I wish I could find this on my grocer 's shelves ! Slightly spicy , slightly cheesy , and perfect with the addition of chicken , chorizo , and/or shrimp .
 Love this item . I usually just add 1 lb of a variety of sausages and in about 30 minutes I have a awesome New Orleans style meal . Love the taste and seasoning it perfect .
 Ive been a long time user of Zatarains regular Jambalaya . I cook it up , throw in some lightly sauteed polish kielbasa pieces and enjoy in 25 minutes.That is , until I tried jambalaya with CHEESE !! They say when you 've seen it all , you can die happy . Well , Ive tasted all that Ive needed to taste . I could die happy tomorrow . The jambalaya with cheese is what YOU have been missing your whole life . It is absolutely delectable . The perfecccttttt amount of cheesy , perfect amount of hint of spice , and all together - it just wreaks harmony on your taste buds.I dont think Ill ever eat regular jambalaya again - it was my favorite for years , but move over and make room for my new # 1 favorite from Zatarains - Jambalaya with Cheese . Try it , you wont be disappointed !
 I sent this collection of Italian cheeses to my daughter and needless to say she was delighted . They were excellent !! Formaggio del Cucina -LRB- Italian Cooking Cheeses 2 pound -RRB- by igourmet.com
 I do n't know why it did n't occur to me earlier to try to find my favorite Irish breakfast foods on Amazon.This is great ! You can get bangers too!I can make my favorite Ulster fry at home now!Thanks !
 Ronzoni Pasta is always the most consistantly GOOD pasta . It 's all i 'll buy for pastas , and the quality is always consistantly good .
 If the taste of nu-salt was any closer to salt , it would be salt . I have tried them all and this is way better than than the best of all the others . Especially when you 're having that special something that just is n't right without salt ... ta da . MY neighbor -LRB- who is also reducing her sodium intake -RRB- had the same disappointing results from the others , and after tasting Nu-salt wanted me to order some for her on my next Amazon shopping trip .
 This product tastes exactly like iodized salt . NO aftertaste like other salt substitutes . My mother is a diabetic who also has CHF and must take diuretics for fluid retention . This product was given to her during a hospital rehabilitation stay in Missouri and we searched high and low for it in Georgia but it is not carried in any stores . The price is great and it tastes fantastic . I use it in my salt shaker at home now and no one knows the difference .
 Nu-Salt is the closest substitute product to real salt when used in baking or cooking . It is white like salt not brown ...
 Have been using Nu-Salt since the 80 's . You can not tell the difference from real salt . My doctor told me about it back then . Love , Love Love the product ... Amazon is the only place that I could find it . If you love salt like I do then this product is for you and Amazon is the place to fine it . Thank You Amazon
 Since I have high blood pressure -LRB- controled by meds -RRB- - it was always suggest cutting down on salt -LRB- especially by my kids -RRB- - but I needed my own scare to convince me - - I found Nu-salt at Sprouts - - but could n't find it at any other store close to me - - I loved the Nu-salt - it made the transition easier ! ! But I 'm not crazy about needing to go to the store constantly - even buying two at a time still was too many trips to the store -LRB- and I really did n't shop at Sprouts too much except for that -RRB- - - so I was so glad I could buy a pack of 12 - and have it delivered right to my house - - win - win ! !
 I bought this for my mother who is on a very restrictive diet -LRB- almost no sodium/salt allowed -RRB- . She loves it and says it tastes just like regular salt .
 This is a low sodium product but does taste salt like and does a good job in providing a salt like flavor with reasonable use . Priced in-line with other no salt/low sodium products of similar quality in my admittedly limited experience with these type products .
 Excellent salt substitute , much more affordable than most brands . I mix it with about 10 % sodium normal salt to produce a more normal taste and save much more money over buying `` lite salt ''
 Best salt substitute I have had . My mother was introduced to it while in the hospital . We had trouble finding it in stores so we ordered it from Amazon . Just did not need so many shakers in order .
 This is the best salt tasting product that we tried with no sodium and it is priced less tnan other products .
 I have been tracking my eating for health and weight loss reasons . One thing I have found is that I am critically lacking in potassium to the point that I have had severe physical manifestations of potassium deficiency . I have started to change my diet but I ca n't get enough potassium in my diet and feel ok with the food I eat -LRB- I have Gulf War syndrome and many things my stomach does not like -RRB- . I tried supplements but I do n't want to waste the money on it when I can add this to my food and lower my sodium while increasing my potassium at the same time . I know this is not the main reason people start using potassium salt but this is my reason and I feel a lot better since doing it . I humbly suggest others find a food tracker like fitday or caloriecount to see what they are deficient in . Many of the issues with me are directly related to potassium deficiency .
 This stuff is the greatest . I wish I Had more to say . It taste just like salt pours just like salt
 I am restricting salt . That is sodium . Most people find the taste of potassium salt abhorrent . I , on the other hand , seem to be the rare person who likes the taste . I put this product on all of my foods and feel that it makes them taste better than ever . My wife finds my taste rather bizarre and can not abide to eat anything with this product.However , for me , it works.And , the price is right .
 Due to heart issues I am on a low sodium diet and also take multiple diuretics that cause me to have trouble keeping my potassium levels up in the optimal range . I have been through all the various brands of salt substitutes I can find , and Nu-Salt is one of a couple that I find has the least amount of bitterness . Using Nu-Salt I have managed to adjust my recipes to work well and have also managed to make sodium free variatiions of my favorite seasonings and rubs , including seasoned salt.The packaging of the bulk pack of 12 is also very convenient . it comes in the same display box you might find on store shelves , so it keeps them neatly contained in my otherwise messy pantry .
 Love it ! Gave some to my aunt and she loved it so much I bought her a 12 pack too !
 This stuff is an excellent salt substitute . I will continue to buy it in the future .
 Mother in Law tried to find this at our local grocery stores , including bigger chain stores that have groceries . No one in our area carried it . Found it immediately with a search of your site !! Thank you so much !!!
 This salt does n't have any sodium chloride in it and something else in it that gives it a little tingle on the tongue .
 This Nu-Salt product is almost entirely potassium chloride -LRB- KCl -RRB- rather than table salt , which is sodium chloride -LRB- NaCl -RRB- . Potassium chloride tastes more like table salt than anything else I 've tried , but it does have a bit of a metallic after taste . I 've fairly-well masked that , though , by mixing 150 parts of potassium chloride with one part of citric acid crystals -LRB- also called sour salt -RRB- . Citric acid has a very strong lemon flavor which is so strong by itself that it 's difficult to use a small enough quantity of it . By mixing a small amount of it with potassium chloride , the citric acid flavor is much diluted , which makes it much easier to use , and the potassium chloride metallic after taste essentially disappears.EDIT
 I 'm the kind of guy who has great blood pressure and no real medical conditions -- and I 'd like to keep it that way . I recently started the Atkins Nutritional Approach and I 'm having great success . However , as a side effect to eating healthier , the salt -LRB- and sugar , for that matter -RRB- found in most prepared foods is becoming hard to swallow -- most places simply use too much.I purchased this at a local store on a whim to see if I can balance my home cooking with the high-sodium foods found outside of my home . I never tried it before because I know a lot of people have an unpleasant reaction to it , such as a bitter or metallic taste . I 'm happy to say it tastes great to me . It has the same `` buzz '' or `` bite '' as salt does , you do n't need to use quite as much to get the same saltiness in foods as with Sodium-Chloride , and I experience no aftertaste or metallic/bitter flavor . It also seems to bring out accompanying flavors , such as garlic , just as well as real salt does.The only slight problem , and the reason why I give it 4 stars instead of 5 , is that it does n't have an after-taste but an `` after-effect '' . I get a very slight feeling of tightness in my throat , like when you salivate before vomiting . It sounds a lot worse than it is , because it 's a very mild effect . Salt actually does the same thing to the palate , but not as strongly as Potassium-Chloride does ; for me , at least.Overall an excellent substitute for a more healthy lifestyle that just takes a little `` getting used to '' .
 I was recently told by the doctor that I must follow NO SALT diet , I found this KCL in place of NaCL and it is fine ! I use it mostly for recipes that call for salt , and truthfully I can not tell the difference . I did check with the doctor , and he said that it is fine to use it.The small containers are nice , as you can easily take it with you to use when visiting , at work , at restaurants , etc. .
 Which is for the potassium , itself . I 've never used it as a salt substitute , however , although judging by the taste , you probably wo n't be thrilled with it unless you have a strict sodium-intake dietary restriction.This stuff is just incredible in the amount of potassium it packs in such a small amount . 1/6 teaspoon will give you a whopping 530mg of potassium . Because , by law , in the US , supplements are limited to 99mg per tablet , I did n't feel like spending all that money for pills and downing a bunch of them throughout the day -LRB- 3500mg being the RDA , for potassium -RRB- . I have current restriction on my food intake that make it impossible to receive the RDA of Potassium the natural way , so I needed to find a different way to get it in my system . The supplements you would otherwise have to purchase -LRB- unless you had a prescription for a higher grade from your doctor -RRB- are capped at that amount -LRB- 99mg -RRB- for specific reasons that you should check out on the wikipedia entry for `` potassium '' , if you want to be sure you 'll be OK . I only take the 1/6 teaspoon at a time-4 x 's a day-just to be on the safe side . I would n't recommend taking the whole daily allowance at one time . You 'll be asking for trouble that way . I have serious cramps in both legs at times , and while I 'm unable to prevent them while I 'm sleeping , as soon as I feel the crap coming on , I rush to the NuSalt , place a bit under my tongue to get it in my system immediately and then dilute the rest in water and drink it . Cramp and soreness gone . Same goes with cramps after running . The Potassium works almost instantly . An inexpensive way to supplement with potassium for those who require it . Great product . Highly recommended .
 I 've found Nu-Salt to be a near perfect sodium substitute . The taste is not identical to table salt but it 's as close as I 've found . In low/moderate quantities I seriously doubt I could tell the difference . It is a simple potassium salt , actually providing 530mg -LRB- 15 % DV -RRB- of potassium per serving - more than a banana . So not only are you eliminating sodium , you 're also getting potassium , which lowers blood pressure -LRB- search , `` potassium blood pressure '' -RRB- . Americans consume less than half the RDA of potassium , but by all means , if you are concerned , ask your Dr.IMO , this is as good as it gets . I like it .
 This is the stuff to use for a sodium free or low sodium diet . Nu-Salt gives salt like flavor to food . It is not exactly like sodium salt , but the best choice when sodium can kill you .
 How often can you say that a product is a better value in a SMALLER package than in a large one ? Well , at $ 16.20 for a 12-pack of 3 oz shakers -LRB- that 's about $ 5.40 for 12 oz of product -RRB- this product is cheaper than No Salt 's larger 11 oz size for $ 5.75 and up . Plus , I agree with my fellow reviewers
 Nu-Salt , which substitutes potassium for sodium , is a very satisfactory substitute for salt on many foods , but its particular use will depend on your taste . I 've followed a low sodium diet for years and generally enjoy all my food without salt , even in cooking . There are a few foods , however , that cry for a salty tang
 I have been using this product for many years . I 'm very happy with this product . I would recommend this product to anyone who have to watch thier salt intake .
 I was looking for a chocolate bar without vanillin , and this chocolate bar had real vanilla . It tasted good , the kids liked them .
 Delicious crunchy little nosh in exactly the right portion , these pecans are so tasty one might be tempted to over-indulge if the bag were bigger . Purchased on Manager 's Special price so not too too pricey but this is a premium nosh , would win big points if packed in an adult foodie 's lunch bag .
 I 've had other Mashuga Nuts before , but had n't tried this particular flavor until they went on sale , in bulk . I figured if I did n't like them my family and co-workers would ... They are delicious ! :-RRB- -LRB- I was a little put off by the fact that the ones I received had a sell by date that was only a few months away from the time I received them . Hopefully the ones you receive wo n't be like this . -RRB-
 We first tried the black currant variety at a restaurant , and then ordered for home . It 's top quality black tea with very unobtrusive hint of black currant . Contrary to common black currant teas , it is not acidic at all , just a very sophisticated flavor . It is distributed mostly at restaurants and rather expensive to buy , but it 's so good , almost addictive .
 OH MY JESUS , THESE ARE SOOOO GOOD !!! They are so hard to find though , but when I do I buy a bunch because they are so tasty and perfect , way better then regular kit kats . There is just something about dark chocolate that makes everything taste wonderful . If you get a chance to try these , you wont be sorry .
 Unfortunately I ca n't see to get these for some reason , but when I did try some samples around Christmas , they were super . I have been looking for a store that sells them without any luck . I hear I can get them from Japan , but at what price ?
 KitKat Dark Choclate are to die for if you can get your hands on them !!!
 My daughter -LRB- 22 months old -RRB- is a picky eater , and we bought this to try and she just love it ... . she likes Chicken and Ravioli and Beef and Tomato Ravioli ... . It has no sauce , so is mess free and she would it them all !!!!! I would recommend this to everybody !!!
 I recently lost 60 pounds . Part of the way I did it was to have the same easy breakfast of cherios with skim milk and a piece of fruit . I do it religiously and without variation . The cup makes it more convenient . I hope this does n't sound too much like a commercial .
 I get these cereals for my grandaughter 's school . They are great for large groups as each is individual and not too small .
 I love this chocolate espresso Beans , compare to other products , this one has a better balance of chocolate and the espresso beans , it is a great energy sources and not that very sweet .
 I am on my third batch with these seeds and they are preforming as well as others I have bought before . The blades or stalks are full and lush with great color . I use potting soil , vermicite , peat moss and azomite blend in the soil . Grows great !
 Just a note to endorse the quality and economy of this product . I have grown wheatgrass on and off for years . . decided to go `` all in '' , and add to my -LRB- protein heavy -RRB- diet daily . At approx .6 oz . seed/flat , that 's 65 weeks of fresh grass for $ 40 . ! The quality/sproutability of this seed far surpasses that of my local health food store .
 I tracked down my invoice from a year ago so I could find this seller again , and when I found them was surprised to see the negative reviews . I bought 25 lbs in Sept. 2010 and due to personal circumstances was not able to start growing any wheatgrass until this summer . I just did two trays , with 2 cups of seed per tray , soaked and then germinated for 3 days in the dark . I had good thick trays of grass , and most importantly it was so deliciously sweet ! This was my first time growing wheat grass and it smelled so strong and bitter when I juiced it -- I was concerned , thinking it would taste awful . But it was so sweet to the taste . I was later told by an old pro that some say the sweetness is due to the seed , which brings me back to why I sought out this seller again . Obviously , I ca n't be guaranteed that the next 25 lbs will be equally sweet since it 's a year later and likely a different harvest , but I hope so !
 While I see that others had problems , my experience was flawless.Growth
 Arrived promptly with no problems . I do not use for juiceing . I raise organic chickens and grow the grass for them -LRB- winter only -RRB- . Germination is excellent and the chicks just love it . For the uninformed , the grass makes for deep , rich , yellow yolks .
 All 25 pounds arrived . Now I 'm growing and grinding like crazy . I grind to make flour and I grow for juicing and for my dog . Yep ! My dog loves it . He needs wheatgrass for his health too . I have not consumed the entire 25 pounds of wheatgrass yet ; but what I have eaten is satisfactory . I would definitely order from this vendor again .
 These were delicious , but not wrapped as well as I think they should be . They kind of melted out of their wrapping .
 I have bought these rice/popcorm cakes for years at my local health food store and quite often they are sold out , so I am happy to see them on Amazon . I think this is the best rice cake flavor ever and other brands that once made white cheddar no longer do . My kids -LRB- 19 , 13 , & 10 -RRB- have eaten them all their lives and anytime they know I am going to the health food store they beg me to get them .
 I was surprised by the texture of these . I thought they 'd be airy and crunchy , like regular rice cakes . However , they 're much more dense and crispy , like a tortilla chip . They 're not as cheesey as they could be either , but that helps to keep the sodium levels down .
 I ordered one of these baskets for my husbands boss 's family and one for us for our Christmas Eve snack tray at our home . Ours arrived today and I must say I was thrilled with how beautiful the whole basket is . Everything is exactly as pictured with large portions of meats and cheeses plus all the mustard dips . Hubby 's boss usually sends a thank you card for Christmas gifts but her 's arrived today also and she called him immediatly to thank him for the wonderful gift basket , she was also impressed that it was a Nueskes 's . This is one gift you will be proud to give . I will be a return customer for certain .
 Perfect sauce pumps for caramel and chocolate , this is pretty much the only place I can get them for our coffee houses .
 This is certainly worth the money , it is easy to use and it does n't drip sauce all over the place : -RRB-
 Hain Mini Apple Cinnamon Rice Cakes are a tasty , low-calorie and very filling and satisfying snack . Anytime you are in the mood for something crunchy , just reach for a bag of these wonderful healthy and delicious rice cakes .
 I recently tried this tea and was impressed from the first sip
 I 'm usually one to get bored with something and move on to new things . However , I have been drinking this tea for years -LRB- I 'm still drinking it in 2010 , 3 years after my initial 2007 review !! -RRB- . It does n't get bitter , unlike many other teas , no matter how long you steep it . It is balanced , sweet , and smooth all on it 's own -- no need for extra sugar or honey to make this a great , refreshing tea .
 I have tried many different flavors and types of green tea , but this is by far the most enjoyable . You can drink this all day . Such a smooth , wonderful taste . Highly recommended . Try it ... you will love it !
 This is the only green tea that reminds me of my years in Japan . SUPERB !
 Toasted Rice Green - 100 CTThis tea taste great -- mild with toasted rice aroma -- AND it 's a great buy . If you drink a lot of green tea , this is the one you want .
 For such a light snack , these are surprisingly tasty and satisfying . If you need a sweet to tie you over till mealtime or as a desert substitute after lunch , grab one of these and GO ! Very portable , so you can eat on the go without mess or utensils . Try them !
 this was a great buy . i got it on the subscribe and save plan so i could save even more . definately worth it as a healthy snack
 If you like spicy , you 'll like these ... not overly hot , but they have a nice kick .
 Forget any `` tex mex '' mix you 've ever had , this stuff is BETTER ! This includes your basic sesame and corn sticks , almonds and peanuts , but this adds corn nuts , pumpkin kernels and spices it up with not only chili , but lemon ! Neither spice -LRB- chili/lemon -RRB- is overpowering , they complement each other resulting in an addicting and healthy snack . If you like tex mex blends , you have to try this ... it is sooooo much better !!
 Just like the name says it harkens back to good old days when you had to mix the oil and corn in the old electric popcorn popper and then pour melted butter over it . If you want the Lite popcorn -LRB- or styrofoam pellets -RRB- , this version is n't it.For an old theatre manager , this popcorn is the best !
 These snax are fantastic ! Full-size berries , and lots of them . A bit sweet for breakfast , but make a great snack . Unfortunately we could not enjoy the whole case , my dog found it and ate about 8 of the pouches !
 This is a tasty mix . Do n't expect it to be too healthy , but it 's better for you than candy !
 Great product -- what else can I say ? While I lived in the caribbean , I ordered food since it was too expensive to buy good quality food there .
 This is the best chamomlie tea I 've tasted ! I 'm not a tea connoisseur , so this review wo n't be fancy . All I have to say is it 's great . I 'm hooked !
 Great service . It arrived on time to give as a Christmas gift . My daughter loves the product . We will order again .
 This is the best chamomile tea I have ever had . It requires very little sugar and just tasts wonderful . I am very happy with this purchase .
 This is a naturally sweet tea that has a very soothing effect . I recommended it to help you relax .
 Having lived in Spain for 6 years when I was younger I remember going to street markets with my family and aways buying anchovy flavored olives to snack on . They always went very quickly , we all liked them . Not a fishy taste like you would expect but very salty and tasty , these are the closest thing I 've found that compare to those .
 I purchased these olives for my dad , who first had them years ago . My cousin , who lived in Florida , would bring them when he came to Pennsylvania and my dad thought they were just great . Now Dad can enjoy them again .
 I got this quickly and am looking forward to using it , but have not needed it yet . I hope it will perform as expected .
 This is a Christmas gift , so I personally have n't tried it , but I do like the packaging and how fast it got here . Great gift for a college kid and their room mates .
 These are the best crackers if you like extra crunch and lots of seeds . The bags are great for portion control . The bite size crackers are about an inch square . Put on a small square of cheese and get a real explosion of taste - but be sure to have a beverage on hand , to wash it down .
 I buy these crackers at my local HEB store , although they are cheaper here at Amazon . I find them to be healthy and satisfy my need for something crunchy . They are very filling as well and easily satisfy my hunger craving . They are very hard , more so than the average cracker , but that is part of the fun ! Lastly , they taste great ! What more can you ask for !
 Mimi , the Veggourmet in Virginia , turned me on to Doctor Kracker , and I ca n't thank her enough ! These are delicious , nutritious , and addicting . Some complain because they are hard crackers , but I just find them hearty ! Good for the heart and digestive system . Love them plain or paired with a spread . Terrific with soups . Love them ! Thanks Mimi!Thanks Doctor Kracker !
 We got introduced to Doctor Kracker a couple of years ago when my wife found them at Fresh Market . We all love them and have bought them in plastic containers since we first discovered them . It 's a guilt-free snack that the whole family can agree on . Our three kids -LRB- 9 , 8 , and 8 -RRB- all love them . The crunch is incredible , I do n't think I 've ever had a cracker with more impressive crunchy texture . The flavor is muted , not extravagant or overwhelming . Just simple goodness . We get this Klassic 3 Seed , and we also get the Sunflower/Cheddar and the Seedlander . Now that they are being packaged in individual servings , they are great for school lunches and handy for packing to work or anywhere else . We use Subscribe & Save on Amazon to keep these babies in stock all the time . They are also great for dips , because they are so stout you do n't have to worry about them breaking off in the dip , and they are way healthier than most other chips I see laid out with dips at parties . -LRB- I also highly suggest Stacy 's Pita Chips for another great , healthy , crunchy accompaniment . -RRB-
 great taste and very filling -- eat these at work a lot for energy and feeling full !
 My whole family loves them . They are crunchy , tasty , filling and healthy all at the same time . My teen takes them to school for a snack and I munch on them all day long . -- A bit addicting though !
 These crackers truly have it all
 One of the problems with being on a low carb diet is lack of `` crunch '' . This is the product that helps . The small package is also useful to stop overindulgence . This will be a staple in my house .
 This is the real deal . My husband and I visited the property and had the most amazing meal and picked up their balsamic afterwards . The real gem is the Maturo , but this will do for more every day use.Don ' t hesitate to pick this up - it 'll change your life .
 I think these crackers are wonderful !! I love the individual packages as they are great for on-the-go and portion control . I am a personal trainer and recommend these to everyone . They are high in fiber , low in carbs , and have a wonderful flavor . The bonus is they are organic & do n't contain processed foods ... all whole grains & essential fatty acids . What more could you ask for !!
 Make no mistake , this is a ` health food ' . As such , it does n't pack the taste - popping Frito-Lay brand kind of flavor , and thank goodness ! What you get instead is a wholesome `` REAL '' flavor . You can tell by the taste what 's it 's made of
 I love these crackers . They are high fiber and low carb and remind me of a whole grain Cheeze-It . They are definitely dense and hearty so if you 're not a fan of whole grain they might not be for you .
 As a person who abused his body for years with chemicals , purposely and unconsciously , I have to say that this is a good snack for someone who is looking to eat healthy . I am not 100 % organic , but I have changed my diet considerably over the last 8 years . Even a few friends of mine who I turned on to these crackers have had a positive take on them . Thanx for a good little snack that is good for ya .
 Dr. Kracker Snacker , Cheese Pumpkin , 8-Ounce Packages -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- These are a little better than the sunflower seed kind . I do n't know if I got a bad batch but they are a little stale this time .
 This is a good tasting tea , but I found that the Mango Tea from `` HAWAIIAN ISLANDS TEA COMPANY '' is better tasting . The flavor is bolder , in my opinion.Mango Maui Black Tea 20 Tea bags
 I love anything and everything pumpkin , whether sweet or savory it brings a smile to my fave and makes me feel warm , cozy and happy . Maybe that 's why Halloween is my favorite holiday and I start celebrating it in September ! Since pumpkin pie is my favorite dessert I ordered these Pumpkin Gingerlies simply because I have never had a pumpkin flavored cookie before . The beauty of the Immaculate Baking Co. is the deep flavor each tiny cookie has . Each little treat is about two bites and is satisfying and flavorful , I do n't feel the need to eat a huge cookie when I can have one or two of these guys and feel my sugar cravings bite the dust!What hit me first was the spicy , tropical ginger , then the mellow buttery pumpkin , it really tastes like a mini pumpkin pie , crust and all . The flavor combination was superb , from peppery and zingy it melted into luscious , creamy milky pumpkin . These cookies are packaged in 2oz . bags that are easy to throw in my purse and take with me wherever the road leads that day . Each baggie is only 130 calories and these are so rich and delicious I feel like I am eating a whole pie and at times ca n't even finish the little bag . I love knowing they are all natural with no trans fats and the brand is not only eye catching but worth the consumer 's time.For those who like their life a little sweet , a little spicy and definitely tasty this is the cookie for them ! These were a lovely surprise but since trying few other flavors from Immaculate Baking Co I do not get surprised anymore , I know their cookies will taste great and I am never disappointed . - Kasia S.
 This is yet another new favorite ! I 've tried several varieties of Immaculate Baking Company 's cookies , and every time I try a new one , it becomes my `` favorite '' ! This one is no different . It tastes like a `` pumpkin pie '' in cookie form , with a bit more `` kick '' than your typical pumpkin pie filling . I love the 2-oz snack bags -- otherwise , I 'd be really pigging out on these . I just toss one in my book bag on my way out the door in the morning for a quick snack between classes -LRB- I 'm a full-time student -RRB- . Really , these are unusually good , high quality cookies . At about $ .80 per pack , they 're a good deal . As long as Amazon keeps stocking them , I 'll keep buying them .
 I love these little pumpkin cookies ... I will give them out at Halloween and order more for myself . Great ingredients , and texture ... and very pumpkin-y . I will buy again!Nancy L.
 I have bought these cookies from a local health food store before , and if anyone is on the fence about trying them , they should go for it . They are tender cookies with a wonderful pumpkin/ginger taste . Luckily , this is for preportioned snack bags , or else you might end up eating all of them !
 These cookies are awesome . I love pumpkin and ginger ; and I really love them together ! I like the snack size bags . That way I do n't overeat .
 The only reason I do n't give it 5 stars is that it 's an odd texture for me . It 's kind of caught between being a hard and a soft cookie . It tastes great !! I love the blend of ginger and pumpkin . Sometimes , I 'll bite into a small bit of a cookie that 's got more ginger than others , but it 's all good . Truly , the taste is wonderful , and getting 16 little bags of the morsels ? Great snack bags to take to work or on the bus .
 The flavor of the `` Kansas City '' seasoning is terriffic . It is crowd pleasing . A great GRILLED flavor . Tastes like my favorite steak place !! Am terriffied that Durkee might try to change it !
 I called Spice Advice at 800-247-5251 and they told me that this Kansas City Steak , Weber -LRB- or Tones -RRB- Canadian Steak , and Grill Creations - Grill seasoning are all the same.However , if you are not convinced and want to order this under the Kansas City name , you can get it through diversified distributing -LRB- the distributor for Tones , Durkee , etc -RRB- . I can not verify that these are all the same . This is just what I was told .
 I love this spice ! It is coarse , flavorful and works on every meat . Walmart used to carry it and now it is only available through a vendor on Amazon . It is pricier than it was in the store but it is well worth it . I have tried others with the same like ingredients but they do n't have the same boldness . Do n't waste your time on others , spend the money and buy it !
 This is the best steak seasoning I 've ever found in a store . I 've established a great reputation for my steaks based on this seasoning . Unfortunately my local grocer stopped carrying it ! I am worried I wo n't be able to find it any longer . It really is the best !!
 This is the best seasoning ! I use it on chicken , salmon , hamburgers , sauteed squash and zucchini ... it 's the best and my family loves it !
 My husband 's favorite steak seasoning , but hard to find in the grocery store . Glad I found it here -- now he 's happy !
 I have been having this sentfor many years from Seattle by my sister who lives threre , I find it fantastice where I want to put it on salads . If I am able to get it England that would be wonderful Obviuosly I would want to know the price and cost of sending it to me before I ordered it . It has helped me to lose over 60pounds in weight as I have it on my salads
 Vegan . Organic . Whole grain . Super premium . Crunchy . Little bite sized crackers covered with beautiful organic green pepitas -LRB- pumpkin seeds -RRB- , small sesame seeds , and poppy seed dots . 120 calories per bag of about 10 mini-crackers . A portion controlled -LRB- 1oz/28g -RRB- tasty indulgence of seed sprinkles on whole grain organic crackers . Made with organic whole grain spelt flour , organic pumpkin seeds , organic millet , organic agave syrup , organic poppyseed , organic spelt bran , organic sesame seeds , organic molasses , organic flax seeds , yeast , sea salt , and organic barley malt syrup . This review is out there for those for whom this makes a difference . See all of my reviews and the vegancompassion Profile for more great choices . Check out `` Vegan Grocery Favorites '' and `` Vegan Grocery Top Ten '' & all the other helpful `` Vegan Grocery '' Listmania . Your input counts and will be greatly appreciated to benefit the search of others . Thank you .
 If you 're trying to replace junk food with something with some protein , fiber and snack a little smarter ... these are deliciously nutty , sweet and salty and they have a satisfying crunch ! They 're also more filling than the average one ounce snack ! They 're yummy with a mozzarella cheese stick .
 All of the Dr. Kracker products , especially the 1 ounce single serving bags , have a great taste and are healthy for you . The taste alone is sufficient reason to purchase , being heart healthy is an extra added bonus !
 These are very good but hard . I have a soft mouth so I add a little juice or tea and wait 10 minutes . They soften up very well .
 Doctor Kracker offers several varieties of crackers , but `` Sedlander '' is my favorite . It has organic pumpkin seeds , organic poppy seeds , organic sesame seeds and many other organic seeds . They are made with organic whole grain spelt flour . The small bag has 5 grams of protein and 3 grams of dietary fiber . This is a great substitute for unhealthy ` other ' crunchie snacks . The case package of 24 one ounce bags makes the puchase very economical , especially with free shipping .
 Pros
 I discovered this sauce when I went to Charleston , WV to see a pharmacy school with my son . It does n't taste like any sauce I can get in Syracuse , NY . It 's mustard based which I 'm partial to . I used it to make home made chicken tenders ... I dipped the chicken in the the mustard sauce and rolled in panko crumbs ... it 's delicious . I hope Amazon gets this sauce in stock !
 I first tried this tea after dinner at a restaurant in Napa and was instantly hooked . It is wonderfully fragrant and delicious and I 'm not typically a big tea drinker . The only place I 've been able to find it was a Dean and Deluca in Napa - quite a drive from San Jose just for tea . I 'm thrilled to see it available on Amazon !!
 These are very good & super fresh . Highly recommended for any & all nut lovers . The salty & sweet plus the perfect crunch make these hard to beat .
 Man , you could just sit there behind a computer and much away a whole tin of these over the course of a few hours , and that 's a lot of fat ! So , these are so good I 'd say that if you 're trying to lose weight I 'd stay away unless your doing about 5 miles a day on a treadmill , and then you 'd still better have some discipline and just put ... the ... tin ... away after a while . Man these are good !
 The large cashews would get a 5 , but there are filler chopped cashews that are not great .
 I left reviews on some other nuts online . I stock up on nuts to have around the house and , with the benefit of Amazon , appreciate buying quality . These are quality jumbo cashews . Ca n't go wrong with them . I did n't rate 5 stars because , afterall , it 's just a cashew ! - but they are good ones .
 These Virginia Diner cashews are the best ever . So fresh and huge , no little pieces . Great for suprise company ! The can is empty quick . Stock up for the Hoildays , makes a great hostess gift .
 These are soooooo good ! I ended up eating the entire tin myself before hubby even got any . Oops :-O LOL BEWARE
 Full of flavor , all whole cashews . I have tried nuts from other vendors and they just do not stack up to these babies . They are huge and they taste wonderful !
 They were great , my groom is a huge cashew fan as is my mom and both were more than pleased . They are not heavily salted at all , we were pleasantly surprised , the salt is more of a fine powder than what you would expect from a salted product . They always live upto having the best peanuts in VA , we send them to people all over the country and they are all hooked !
 This is my family 's favorite tea - smooth , sweet , and just enough zing from the licorice to make your tongue tingle even after you swallo !
 I first had this tea in a restaurant , immediately I tasted the natural sweetness of this tea . It was not a bitter tea , nor was it too sweet . It was like the perfect cup of tea .
 The item was received before Xmas as planned . :--RRB- I was impressed by that alone . They tasted awesome . I would purchase again !
 This is the 2nd order for me . I give one can as a gift and keep the other for me . Great chocolate and good almonds . I think this is supposed to be good for you .
 These taste good and are a nice gift as the tin is nice and big . The chocolate coating was good but could have been a little thicker . The double dipped peanuts by Virginia Diner are better due to the thicker chocolate coating on them but these almonds are also very good . I would buy them again .
 These were absolutely delicious . I bought them as a treat for my co-workers , they disappeared very quickly . We could n't stop eating them and will be ordering them again . They are not shiny covered almonds like we were expecting , rather they are hand dipped in a LOT of very good chocolate and have drizzles over the top and a flat bottom edge . Very fresh taste .
 Very nice combination of spices . Have orderered it for years . This is a new package but same recipe . Is unchanged .
 If you are looking for something new - You have to try this ! I have been cooking everything with the Zest Sauce and the Real McCoy Mustard Sauce . The salad dressings are really tasty as well . No more same old same old . I am going to send this as gifts this year to all of my cooking friends .
 I have been using zest sauce for years ... so glad to see it on Amazon ... it will be easy to get!I love it on grilled chicken . Mix about a 1/4 cup with fresh orange juice and rosemary . Also great on fish like this . It is also great in pasta salad .
 I ca n't tell you how often we use these products . Seems that just about every food -LRB- and drink -RRB- item we prepare can be enhanced by one of these Appalachian Mountain Specialty products . The Zest Sauce is good on just about everything and can really make a great Bloody Mary . I love the Mustard Sauce in my tuna salad . The recipes just get you started !
 I am very pleased with this purchase . I also bought the pink , black , green , & -LRB- sczhuan ? -RRB- peppers.I am most please with the white ones . The pink were very unique , but not worth the extra money -LRB- or hassle , i hate that it doesnt work with a peppermill -RRB- hmm , what else ... oh and shipping is EXPENSIVE . Might as well get a few bags , just make sure to use them within a few years . .
 If you are looking for something new - You have to try this ! I have been cooking everything with the Zest Sauce and the Real McCoy Mustard Sauce . The salad dressings are really tasty as well . No more same old same old . I am going to send this as gifts this year to all of my cooking friends .
 I have been using zest sauce for years ... so glad to see it on Amazon ... it will be easy to get!I love it on grilled chicken . Mix about a 1/4 cup with fresh orange juice and rosemary . Also great on fish like this . It is also great in pasta salad .
 I ca n't tell you how often we use these products . Seems that just about every food -LRB- and drink -RRB- item we prepare can be enhanced by one of these Appalachian Mountain Specialty products . The Zest Sauce is good on just about everything and can really make a great Bloody Mary . I love the Mustard Sauce in my tuna salad . The recipes just get you started !
 We get a can every holiday time and love it.You 've got the savory buttery cheddar cheese popcorn , caramel corn and kettle corn . What more can I say ? It 's popcorn , and it 's Catoctin and it 's very very good .
 I discovered this sauce when I went to Charleston , WV to see a pharmacy school with my son . It does n't taste like any sauce I can get in Syracuse , NY . It 's mustard based which I 'm partial to . I used it to make home made chicken tenders ... I dipped the chicken in the the mustard sauce and rolled in panko crumbs ... it 's delicious . I hope Amazon gets this sauce in stock !
 A little less than 5 years ago , I traveled through Romania and Moldova . Of all the things that I fell in love with -LRB- and became a necessity during my trip -RRB- , the different brands and locations of bottled water was one of them . After all , the region boasts a number of famous spas and springs . Anyway , this particular water is a little more salty tasting than other carbonated mineral waters , but is really enjoyable , smooth , and worth trying . Personally , I prefer it to some of the other more easily found sparkling waters that taste a little harsh and bland .
 THis is the best espresso I ever had at home . I enjoy a double shot of home brewed espresso several times a week . This is by far the best , reminds me of my 2 weeks in Italy last fall . Shopping on line from Gustiamo was easy , and the product arrived the next day from regular delivery . Ca n't wait to order again !!!!!!!!
 This coffee has a distinct flavor that is delicious ! Ever since I tasted it I do n't want to drink any other brand .
 If you are looking for something new - You have to try this ! I have been cooking everything with the Zest Sauce and the Real McCoy Mustard Sauce . The salad dressings are really tasty as well . No more same old same old . I am going to send this as gifts this year to all of my cooking friends .
 I have been using zest sauce for years ... so glad to see it on Amazon ... it will be easy to get!I love it on grilled chicken . Mix about a 1/4 cup with fresh orange juice and rosemary . Also great on fish like this . It is also great in pasta salad .
 I ca n't tell you how often we use these products . Seems that just about every food -LRB- and drink -RRB- item we prepare can be enhanced by one of these Appalachian Mountain Specialty products . The Zest Sauce is good on just about everything and can really make a great Bloody Mary . I love the Mustard Sauce in my tuna salad . The recipes just get you started !
 I discovered this sauce when I went to Charleston , WV to see a pharmacy school with my son . It does n't taste like any sauce I can get in Syracuse , NY . It 's mustard based which I 'm partial to . I used it to make home made chicken tenders ... I dipped the chicken in the the mustard sauce and rolled in panko crumbs ... it 's delicious . I hope Amazon gets this sauce in stock !
 Virginia Diner products are always top of the line , and this is one of the best . This purchase from Amazon beat the price available directly from Virginia Diner , and with Prime shipping it was perfect ! Makes a great gift , always appreciated , and also great to have in the house for the holidays .
 If you are looking for something new - You have to try this ! I have been cooking everything with the Zest Sauce and the Real McCoy Mustard Sauce . The salad dressings are really tasty as well . No more same old same old . I am going to send this as gifts this year to all of my cooking friends .
 I have been using zest sauce for years ... so glad to see it on Amazon ... it will be easy to get!I love it on grilled chicken . Mix about a 1/4 cup with fresh orange juice and rosemary . Also great on fish like this . It is also great in pasta salad .
 I ca n't tell you how often we use these products . Seems that just about every food -LRB- and drink -RRB- item we prepare can be enhanced by one of these Appalachian Mountain Specialty products . The Zest Sauce is good on just about everything and can really make a great Bloody Mary . I love the Mustard Sauce in my tuna salad . The recipes just get you started !
 I discovered this sauce when I went to Charleston , WV to see a pharmacy school with my son . It does n't taste like any sauce I can get in Syracuse , NY . It 's mustard based which I 'm partial to . I used it to make home made chicken tenders ... I dipped the chicken in the the mustard sauce and rolled in panko crumbs ... it 's delicious . I hope Amazon gets this sauce in stock !
 I am very pleased with this purchase . I also bought the pink , black , green , & -LRB- sczhuan ? -RRB- peppers.I am most please with the white ones . The pink were very unique , but not worth the extra money -LRB- or hassle , i hate that it doesnt work with a peppermill -RRB- hmm , what else ... oh and shipping is EXPENSIVE . Might as well get a few bags , just make sure to use them within a few years . .
 I am very pleased with this purchase . I also bought the pink , black , green , & -LRB- sczhuan ? -RRB- peppers.I am most please with the white ones . The pink were very unique , but not worth the extra money -LRB- or hassle , i hate that it doesnt work with a peppermill -RRB- hmm , what else ... oh and shipping is EXPENSIVE . Might as well get a few bags , just make sure to use them within a few years . .
 If you are looking for something new - You have to try this ! I have been cooking everything with the Zest Sauce and the Real McCoy Mustard Sauce . The salad dressings are really tasty as well . No more same old same old . I am going to send this as gifts this year to all of my cooking friends .
 I have been using zest sauce for years ... so glad to see it on Amazon ... it will be easy to get!I love it on grilled chicken . Mix about a 1/4 cup with fresh orange juice and rosemary . Also great on fish like this . It is also great in pasta salad .
 I ca n't tell you how often we use these products . Seems that just about every food -LRB- and drink -RRB- item we prepare can be enhanced by one of these Appalachian Mountain Specialty products . The Zest Sauce is good on just about everything and can really make a great Bloody Mary . I love the Mustard Sauce in my tuna salad . The recipes just get you started !
 If you are looking for something new - You have to try this ! I have been cooking everything with the Zest Sauce and the Real McCoy Mustard Sauce . The salad dressings are really tasty as well . No more same old same old . I am going to send this as gifts this year to all of my cooking friends .
 I have been using zest sauce for years ... so glad to see it on Amazon ... it will be easy to get!I love it on grilled chicken . Mix about a 1/4 cup with fresh orange juice and rosemary . Also great on fish like this . It is also great in pasta salad .
 I ca n't tell you how often we use these products . Seems that just about every food -LRB- and drink -RRB- item we prepare can be enhanced by one of these Appalachian Mountain Specialty products . The Zest Sauce is good on just about everything and can really make a great Bloody Mary . I love the Mustard Sauce in my tuna salad . The recipes just get you started !
 AS ALL OF THEIR PRODUCTS , THIS IS ALWAYS FRESH AND OF GOOD QUALITY . I HAVE TRIED GROWING MYSELF BUT IT IS NEVER THIS GOOD ! AN ESSENTIAL INGREDIENT FOR THAI COOKING .
 So , I placed my order Oct. 30 . They arrived in my mailbox 10 days later , very appropriately wrapped and in good health . I was very surprised to find that they came directly from Thailand to my home in Florida . Whenever I travel overseas I like to sneak cutting or seeds in my suitcase and worry about getting caught by immigration who hate for us to import vegetation . Apparently customs passed the lemongrass without any problems !!! Yeah !! Anyway , as soon as they arrived I unpacked the 8 stalks and stuck them in water . Today is 5 days later and all of the stalks have started to sprout !!!! I am so thrilled with this and look forward to seeing the fresh leaves pop out from the top . I plan to plant these so I can enjoy a lifetime of this wonderful fresh , therapeutic herb . Thanks Franz Market for a job well done and for making me a happy little camper :-RRB- GOD BLESS !
 I soaked the stalks in water for about a week and planted them once they started to root . They look and smell very good . I have more than enough lemongrass now .
 These are great ! I use them to make my own Southern-style hot sauce by putting 12 whole peppers in a blender , along with red wine vinegar and some freshly ground organic salt . Let me put it this way
 Bought these with an extra price off deal offered on the site . The coffee workes great in my Senseo machine and tastes as good as the higher priced coffee pods I have gotten at other places .
 Good coffee for the price . It 's much the same as Douwe Egberts at a lower cost . These same coffee pods sell for half the price in Europe , but then again , the U.S. dollar is n't worth much anymore !
 We enjoyed this coffee . These pods do n't make the best mocha you 'll ever have , but they are pretty good . Gala pods are definitely comparable to Senseo in quality , although a much better deal when I purchased them .
 As usual the Gala brand of coffee pods deliver a good flavor for a reasonable price . Mocha flavored coffee is a nice change . Try it you will like it too .
 Gala coffee pods are a good buy for those who own Senseo and Melita pod coffee machines . The price is right and the taste is superb !
 I love izze sparkling soda , they are so tasty and refreashing . This one does not really have a blueberry taste but that is a hard flavor to mimic so for the flavor that this soda did taste like it was very nice . It taste alot like the blackberry only more tart , I like it but pomegranate is my favorite so far from the flavores that I have tried .
 These are great ! I use them to make my own Southern-style hot sauce by putting 12 whole peppers in a blender , along with red wine vinegar and some freshly ground organic salt . Let me put it this way
 Very good for baking . A little goes a long way . Do not get on skin , so intense it burns . There is no harm done .
 These are great ! I use them to make my own Southern-style hot sauce by putting 12 whole peppers in a blender , along with red wine vinegar and some freshly ground organic salt . Let me put it this way
 I am very pleased with this purchase . I also bought the pink , black , green , & -LRB- sczhuan ? -RRB- peppers.I am most please with the white ones . The pink were very unique , but not worth the extra money -LRB- or hassle , i hate that it doesnt work with a peppermill -RRB- hmm , what else ... oh and shipping is EXPENSIVE . Might as well get a few bags , just make sure to use them within a few years . .
 I am a tortilla chip gourmet and can vouch for these as being the best out there , meaning the various brands I tried in several supermarket chains , especially for those who want to consume the fewest fat grams possible . You will find you no longer have `` shiny finger syndrome '' after eating them .
 I had been looking for a low-fat chip to go with non-fat salsa for a long time . These are wonderful . Not too salty , not too bland , and way crispy . Just perfect in every way !
 Tasted better than I expected . Pretty low calorie too . I eat these at work when I 'm too busy to walk down to the microwave . Heats well - just pour water on the pad in the box . Comes with soup which I 've never eaten but the cookies are good .
 I bought these meals for my son in the Army . He keeps Kosher and never has enough to eat without supplements . He loves that they are low cal , tasty and convenient . Also , Amazon has best pricing by far .
 I keep this strength on hand for my coffee connoisseur son-in-law . He voices his approval , stating that it is strong , flavorful and not bitter . I have used it for iced coffee , and it has been excellent for that because I use a lot of milk , yet like to get the coffee flavor .
 I love this coffee as a wake me up in the morning . It has a deep dark bold flavor that I love . I like my coffee strong and this fits the bill .
 So far , my absolute favorite K-Cup flavor ... bold and a hint of burnt/bitterness , awesome flavor -LRB- even at the large cup size -RRB- and bite . Will put hair on your chest in 5 seconds flat . If you prefer mild or weaker roasts , stay far , far away.Has become my go-to flavor !
 This coffee is extreme . It has taken hold of my soul and will not return it .
 We 've owned our Keurig b70 for 6 months now -LRB- click on my other reviews to see how much we love our Keurig ! -RRB- , and my husband LOVES a strong coffee . There are two kinds of K-cups that we keep ordering - Green Mountain Extra Bold Dark Magic and Tully 's Kona . I brew on the smallest drip size to make my own Iced Caramel Macchiato ! You need a strong K-cup to stand up to the ice.I only wish that Amazon had this K-cup permanently in stock !!
 This brand is a little pricey but it is worth it . The flavor is there and it does not taste watery like some others -LRB- Timothy brand -RRB-
 Wife and I both love this coffee ! Jet Fuel is our 2nd choice but this one is our clear favorite . After looking around the new and on Amazon , at the time of this review this is the best price -LRB- under 10 bucks -RRB- around for the Dark Magic K-Cup . Make sure you do n't get this confused with Timothy 's Midnight Magic when searching , the Dark Magic is much better .
 I usually save this K-cup for those mornings when I drag myself to work half-asleep . It 's full-bodied , extra bold in flavor , yet not bitter , and is perfect with a little chocolate syrup or chocolate stevia mixed in . And the end result is I 'm wide awake after just one cup of this fabulous flavor .
 My friends say that I 'm a coffee snob . Though , I admit that I drive out of my way for good coffee . This is the best Keurig coffee . Take my word for it .
 I 'm a Keurig newbie and have sampled many delicious blends and coffees . I can appreciate a darker richer blend and Green Mountain 's Dark Magic Extra Bold Coffee is worth it 's weight in gold or black magic ! Perfect in the morning !
 I bought this coffee for myself because I love strong , bold coffee and this fits the bill ! It 's delicious coffee and the price was good .
 There 's no doubt that Green Mountain 's Dark Magic K-cups make extremely good cups of coffee . It 's just that I do n't think it packs that much of a punch . The finest espresso K-cup I 've tried so far is GM 's Espresso Blend . I like my extra dark coffee to have a little bitterness to it . That quality makes me know that it 's strong , and Espresso Blend has it . Dark Magic is lacking that `` something extra . '' I think the word `` sweet '' in the product description is the culprit here . Either way , I 'd still recommend these to anybody , but Espresso Blend is the best espresso-like coffee to date . -LRB- Note
 If you are looking for something new - You have to try this ! The salad dressings are great ! I love the Wilted Lettuce Dressing ... it reminds me of home ! Also , I have been cooking everything with the Zest Sauce and the Real McCoy Mustard Sauce . No more same old same old . I am going to send this as gifts this year to all of my cooking friends .
 This is so good I actually brought several bottles to always have on hand . I have tried others that were ok , but not great . Either they were too salty , peppery , or too much of the ole brown sugar , and nothing in between . I made countless rubs at home that were ok , but not like KC . If I could find out the exact proportions via the Internet I would make up a huge batch.I have used this rub on chicken , pork , fish and shrimp and it is wonderful . It is not in your face over powering if you get heavy handed applying the rub . I brought one rub , put it on , and after I cooked the meat , I had to literally wash off the rub.Some rubs work well with say chicken , but not fish.The slight golden color makes the food look appetizing . I have made rubs that turned dark brown , red , and even black , not exactly eye candy.I like to grill and smoke and this takes all the hassle and guess work out of what rub to use on what.My wife is n't keen on rubs , but this one she likes .
 MY wife stumbled upon this seasoning a long time ago and now many think i am a Chef . Happy to have found this Masterpiece in bulk .
 I buy this by the case from Amazon because it is hard to find in grocery stores . This is a must have for my barbecue ribs . If you like KC Masterpiece sauce you really need to buy this dry rub . It 's perfect for chicken and ribs .
 MY HUSBAND AND I HAVE BEEN USING THIS SEASONING FOR ABOUT 3 YRS NOW . WE ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT . IT IS THE BEST ON EVERYTHING . WE CA N'T LIVE WITHOUT IT NOW . WE RECENTLY MOVED OVER SEAS AND CA N'T FIND IT ANYWHERE SO WE ORDER IT FROM AMAZON BECAUSE THEY ARE THE ONLY COMPANY THAT WILL SHIP IT HERE . THANK GOODNESS FOR AMAZON !
 This has quickly become one of the `` staple '' seasonings I keep in my spice cabinet.It is wonderful . I use it on all meats - grilled , oven baked , roasted ... it really is one of the best ! Only downfall ... you have to use ALOT of it to get the best results.I buy mine from Big Lots for 2 dollars each .
 I use this on all meats -LRB- beef , pork , turkey , chicken , etc. -RRB- when I 'm grilling and not using BBQ sauce.I rub it on the raw meat just before putting it on the grill.It also has much less salt than other similar grilling seasonings , but is better tasting than the ones with no salt.I recommend it for both indoor and outdoor grilling . I think it would work well for baking also , but I have not tried that way yet.My wife and I have tried several different types of seasonings -LRB- including higher priced ones found in small specialty stores that make their own in small batches -RRB- , but we keep coming back to this one because it has the best flavor.I highly recommend it . We now buy it on Amazon because we ca n't find it in stores .
 I use this spice for all my Chicken , Beef and Pork preparations , BBQ or baked . My family and everyone who tries my meat dishes love it . I buy it buy it here the dozen .
 Unusual to learn our local super markets no longer carry this product . It clearly is superior to any competing brands so it must be a pricing/discount vendor issue . Whatever , Amazon has it handy and my clan loves it so I use it all the time . The Masterpiece Steak Seasoning is also a 5-star product that 's much better than all the other steak rubs .
 found this for the first time in gold beach , or three years ago . couldnt find it in the westpalm beach area , so i buy it by the dozen an give it away . great stuff .
 I saved a LOT with the Amazon special offer . Popcorn is a favorite evening snack at our house , but I usually buy the `` cheap stuff '' with poor popping results . There 's never a problem with Orville Redenbacher and the Smart Pop variety suits my diet requirements for fat content .
 I purchased these tasty morcellas from La Tienda a year ago for my husband 's birthday as a surprise . With shipping costs added I thought it was expensive for just a couple of links but it was so worth it . I ordered the two kinds offered -LRB- with onions and with rice -RRB- . You ca n't go wrong with fried morcellas served with hot sauce , crackers and a cold beer . My husband is already hinting at getting another order .
 These were purchased as a gift during the holiday season and went over very well .
 they are so good , melting yummy chocolate with a kick of sweet tarty cherries . i have bought so many boxes of these for myself its unreal .
 A very nice coffee ; not overly strong and with nice flavor . The Green Mountain line of coffees are a good choice for the Keurig System .
 I have a B60 and only brew the small cup size , because the large size makes the coffee seem watered down . This is problem with all the KCUPS I 've tried . I did purchase a large selection of the Green Mountain coffee and I really like Lake and Lodge and Dark Magic . I prefer the stronger blends over the milder flavored choices .
 The Nantucket Blend is one of my favorite k-cup coffees that I 've made . It 's a medium blend coffee that tastes great with flavored creamer or just regular creamer or milk . I will definitely buy more of this one .
 Fast , great service , excellent product.Love the one cup serving , and lots of coffee choices . No more wasted coffee .
 I would rate this coffee as medium strength , not bitter , but good coffee taste .
 This is my favorite of all the k-cup coffee I 've tried since buying my new Keurig coffee maker in Nov. 2005 . It 's got great flavor and is smooth to drink . It 's the only kind I 'm buying at this time !
 This was the first coffee I sampled from my Keurig coffee maker . The flavor is nutty and mild without the acidity of many drip coffees . I am not a fan of the bold , strong coffees and prefer the milder blends . This is a great early morning coffee to enjoy with your breakfast . While you can order it on Amazon , I 've found it for a better price on another website provided I buy 4 boxes of 25 K cups at a time . However , I can mix and match other flavors and brands to get the 4 boxes.I like flavored coffee as well so in addition to the Nantucket , I also recommend the Southern Pecan and Wild Blueberry . I like to brew a cup of the blueberry just to make the room smell like blueberry cobbler . Also check out Gloria Jeans K-Cups , French Vanilla , 25-Count Box -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- if you like flavored coffee .
 I love this Nantucket Blend coffee by Green Mountain and will continue to stock my kitchen with it ! It is not too strong , not too weak , just right .
 It 's interesting how different people perceive coffee . Some here thought it was watery and tasteless , while others love it . As for me , it has a nice taste , somewhat mild , and not bitter at all . It dies n't leave an aftertaste as some do and is n't over-powering . This is my choice to drink alone without any food . I think cookies or biscuits or whatever would over power it . When I have my coffe with food I choose a stronger roast . So for a late morning or mid afternoon cup , or a cup at my desk , this is just right . For breakfast something stronger would be better.All that said , I can almost always find these K cups much cheaper at my local stores than at Amazon .
 After loosing my husband , making a full pot of coffee was such a waste . I read about your `` one cup '' coffee maker . Decided to try it and I am so glad I did . Now there is coffee ready in short time and there are no leftovers.Vonda Singleton
 I bought this because my boyfriend likes Green Mountain coffee , but had not tried this blend before . He loved it so much , he requested I buy it every time we get new K cups ! It is perfect for breakfast wake up , and even smells good to me , a non-drinker of coffee !
 I recently bought a Keurig coffee maker , and this blend of coffee was my first to try on the coffee maker . It 's very tasteful , and I will continue to drink it .
 Great blend , if you like French Roasts you will love this . I have found the best K-cups for the Keurig are the dark roasts , they seem to brew with the best flavor , and as far as they go this is one of the best . You wo n't go wrong choosing this if you love a dark , rich , full bodied flavor with a little bite like I do .
 I 've tried most of the K-Cup flavors out there and the Diedrich -LRB- French Roast -RRB- flavor is absolutely the best in my opinion .
 Best french roast we have found for Keurig , strong and mellow . My husband is a coffee snob -LRB- we have 4 different coffee pots -RRB- and he drank all of my Keurig pods . .
 I found this to be a pleasantly strong dark coffee ; it was rich and smooth without being at all bitter . However , as I tend to prefer my coffee on the milder side , I am not sure that this would appeal to TRUE dark coffee lovers -- i.e. , what was good for me might not be right for someone looking for something stronger . Overall , however , I would recommend this coffee .
 I am happy with my purchases of K-Cups from Amazon . They carry a few , but hopefully will carry more , as time passes . Thanks !
 I have to agree , I have tried a number of other brands and the Diedrich French Roast is richer and more flaorful . The others have tasted thin . Almost a completely different machine with this French Roast . I have no idea why , buy it is worth trying .
 We have had a Keurig in our office for just over a month , and have tried quite a few varieties of coffee K-cups . So far this is our favorite .
 Best coffee I have had in a long time . Hazelnut is my favorite and just ordered some mudslide and swiss almond chocolate ...
 This is a good hazelnut coffee with just the right strength for my wife and me . We brewed a medium cup of coffee on the Keurig and the flavor was perfect after we doctored it up with our sweetener and a little cream . It was a medium strength cup of coffee with a hint of hazelnut in the flavor.Without being sweetened and without the cream it was rather harsh , strong and had an aftertaste . It would depend on how you like to prepare your coffee . I could n't drink it straight but it was more than acceptable after we prepared it . It is a good cup of coffee and if you like hazelnut then you will like this.I posted a photo of the K-Cup .
 I really enjoy this coffee . I think it has great taste for being decaf . I will definatley buy this again .
 You would never know this was a decaffeinated coffee unless you read the label.This is a full bodied coffee without a trace of bitterness . The only satisfying decaf I 've found .
 Timothy 's `` Colombian Decaffeinated K-Cups '' is very good tasting coffee . I like coffee all day long , but need to switch to decaf later in the day . This is a good substitute for my normal type , Coffee People , Donut Shop K-Cups for Keurig Brewers -LRB- Pack of 50 -RRB- -LSB- Amazon Frustration-Free Packaging -RSB- , but not quite as strong tasting.My only observation is that you can get two uses out of these K-Cups if made on the `` Small Cup '' setting , which serves us just fine since we add a lot of `` Half and Half '' to our evening coffee.Recommended!CFH
 I do n't drink decaf , but I bought this for the office and my boss seems to like it . As long as the boss is happy ...
 For several years now my wife and I have been drinking decaffeinated coffee . As we got older we need to cut back on caffeine as it began to make us jittery and have a few heart flutters . We found that it was hard to find a really good decaf coffee and many of them have a strange taste or a bitter taste.We were given a Keurig brewer for Christmas as a gift and I have to tell you that this coffee is just excellent . This is really a full bodied and rich coffee that I honestly can not tell that it is decaf . There is no funny aftertaste or bitterness and my wife and I just love it . We brew the middle sized cup and the flavor was just perfect for us with a full flavor and not too strong.We both recommend it and we certainly will continue to use their coffee as one of our favorites .
 This is my `` go to '' decaf . Does that mean that I have to sacrifice flavor to lose the stimulant ? Not in my opinion . This coffee tastes just a good as regular . It is one of those `` not too strong , not too weak '' blends that still has a distinct but subtle flavor .
 If you are looking for something new - You have to try this ! I have been cooking everything with the Zest Sauce and the Real McCoy Mustard Sauce . The salad dressings are really tasty as well . No more same old same old . I am going to send this as gifts this year to all of my cooking friends .
 I have been using zest sauce for years ... so glad to see it on Amazon ... it will be easy to get!I love it on grilled chicken . Mix about a 1/4 cup with fresh orange juice and rosemary . Also great on fish like this . It is also great in pasta salad .
 I ca n't tell you how often we use these products . Seems that just about every food -LRB- and drink -RRB- item we prepare can be enhanced by one of these Appalachian Mountain Specialty products . The Zest Sauce is good on just about everything and can really make a great Bloody Mary . I love the Mustard Sauce in my tuna salad . The recipes just get you started !
 If you are looking for something new - You have to try this ! The salad dressings are great ! I love the Wilted Lettuce Dressing ... it reminds me of home ! Also , I have been cooking everything with the Zest Sauce and the Real McCoy Mustard Sauce . No more same old same old . I am going to send this as gifts this year to all of my cooking friends .
 I discovered this sauce when I went to Charleston , WV to see a pharmacy school with my son . It does n't taste like any sauce I can get in Syracuse , NY . It 's mustard based which I 'm partial to . I used it to make home made chicken tenders ... I dipped the chicken in the the mustard sauce and rolled in panko crumbs ... it 's delicious . I hope Amazon gets this sauce in stock !
 Love this brand . Really strong flavor , and a nice little kick that you do n't get from the `` organic '' coffee brands .
 If you are looking for something new - You have to try this ! I have been cooking everything with the Zest Sauce and the Real McCoy Mustard Sauce . The salad dressings are really tasty as well . No more same old same old . I am going to send this as gifts this year to all of my cooking friends .
 I have been using zest sauce for years ... so glad to see it on Amazon ... it will be easy to get!I love it on grilled chicken . Mix about a 1/4 cup with fresh orange juice and rosemary . Also great on fish like this . It is also great in pasta salad .
 I ca n't tell you how often we use these products . Seems that just about every food -LRB- and drink -RRB- item we prepare can be enhanced by one of these Appalachian Mountain Specialty products . The Zest Sauce is good on just about everything and can really make a great Bloody Mary . I love the Mustard Sauce in my tuna salad . The recipes just get you started !
 If you are looking for something new - You have to try this ! I have been cooking everything with the Zest Sauce and the Real McCoy Mustard Sauce . The salad dressings are really tasty as well . No more same old same old . I am going to send this as gifts this year to all of my cooking friends .
 I have been using zest sauce for years ... so glad to see it on Amazon ... it will be easy to get!I love it on grilled chicken . Mix about a 1/4 cup with fresh orange juice and rosemary . Also great on fish like this . It is also great in pasta salad .
 I ca n't tell you how often we use these products . Seems that just about every food -LRB- and drink -RRB- item we prepare can be enhanced by one of these Appalachian Mountain Specialty products . The Zest Sauce is good on just about everything and can really make a great Bloody Mary . I love the Mustard Sauce in my tuna salad . The recipes just get you started !
 If you are looking for something new - You have to try this ! The salad dressings are great ! I love the Wilted Lettuce Dressing ... it reminds me of home ! Also , I have been cooking everything with the Zest Sauce and the Real McCoy Mustard Sauce . No more same old same old . I am going to send this as gifts this year to all of my cooking friends .
 these are wounderful i have eaten alot of gluten free cookies and these did not have a after taste like alot of them do
 I 'm a Keurig newbie and have sampled many delicious coffees and teas . Timothy 's Colombian is a wonderful medium/strong cup of coffee with a smooth yet rich aftertaste . Either black or with a touch of milk it 's perfect any time of day .
 Very adequate , but Timothy 's stronger blends in the K Cups are superior
 This delicious coffe is so easy to use and so fresh . My husband and family enjoy the ease of having a fresh cup of coffee whenever they want .
 If you are looking for something new - You have to try this ! The salad dressings are great ! I love the Wilted Lettuce Dressing ... it reminds me of home ! Also , I have been cooking everything with the Zest Sauce and the Real McCoy Mustard Sauce . No more same old same old . I am going to send this as gifts this year to all of my cooking friends .
 I discovered this sauce when I went to Charleston , WV to see a pharmacy school with my son . It does n't taste like any sauce I can get in Syracuse , NY . It 's mustard based which I 'm partial to . I used it to make home made chicken tenders ... I dipped the chicken in the the mustard sauce and rolled in panko crumbs ... it 's delicious . I hope Amazon gets this sauce in stock !
 If you are looking for something new - You have to try this ! The salad dressings are great ! I love the Wilted Lettuce Dressing ... it reminds me of home ! Also , I have been cooking everything with the Zest Sauce and the Real McCoy Mustard Sauce . No more same old same old . I am going to send this as gifts this year to all of my cooking friends .
 If you are looking for something new - You have to try this ! The salad dressings are great ! I love the Wilted Lettuce Dressing ... it reminds me of home ! Also , I have been cooking everything with the Zest Sauce and the Real McCoy Mustard Sauce . No more same old same old . I am going to send this as gifts this year to all of my cooking friends .
 I have no experience making or eating fresh treacle pudding , but I find the Heinz version to be quite good . It is n't cheap to buy here in the States , but as an occasional treat it 's fine . I enjoy the syrup that comes on it , and it really needs to be heated to be good . This definitely is n't on the healthy side , but how many desserts are ?
 When I lived back home in England , this is exactly how Treacle tastes . It has some sort of different flavor , maybe because it was not freshly made and canned . Great for a quick sweet snack with a cup of tea .
 We have a Fresh and Easy Grocery Store not too far from us . It 's a British company and has all sorts of imported English items , some at rather reasonable prices . I 've been trying a few now and then and some of them are rather impressive . On such item is Heinz Treacle Sponge Pudding . I heat it up in the microwave and serve it with a slight coating of Devon Custard . It 's quite good . Very pleasantly sweet and tasty . A nice dessert . My only complaint would be that it has a very high sugar content resulting in a very high calorie count . The pudding is quite delicious , but I 'll have to restrain myself as to how often it is served . Such is life.Gary Peterson
 If you haven ; t had this stuff , try some . Its an import so it is pricey but it 's one of those delicacy foods that is so worth it in the end . Its like a honey sponge cake .
 This can of treacle is a meal in itself , take in lunch box like I do . You will not be hungry until dinner I assure you !
 If you are looking for something new - You have to try this ! I have been cooking everything with the Zest Sauce and the Real McCoy Mustard Sauce . The salad dressings are really tasty as well . No more same old same old . I am going to send this as gifts this year to all of my cooking friends .
 I have been using zest sauce for years ... so glad to see it on Amazon ... it will be easy to get!I love it on grilled chicken . Mix about a 1/4 cup with fresh orange juice and rosemary . Also great on fish like this . It is also great in pasta salad .
 I ca n't tell you how often we use these products . Seems that just about every food -LRB- and drink -RRB- item we prepare can be enhanced by one of these Appalachian Mountain Specialty products . The Zest Sauce is good on just about everything and can really make a great Bloody Mary . I love the Mustard Sauce in my tuna salad . The recipes just get you started !
 If you are looking for something new - You have to try this ! I have been cooking everything with the Zest Sauce and the Real McCoy Mustard Sauce . The salad dressings are really tasty as well . No more same old same old . I am going to send this as gifts this year to all of my cooking friends .
 I have been using zest sauce for years ... so glad to see it on Amazon ... it will be easy to get!I love it on grilled chicken . Mix about a 1/4 cup with fresh orange juice and rosemary . Also great on fish like this . It is also great in pasta salad .
 I ca n't tell you how often we use these products . Seems that just about every food -LRB- and drink -RRB- item we prepare can be enhanced by one of these Appalachian Mountain Specialty products . The Zest Sauce is good on just about everything and can really make a great Bloody Mary . I love the Mustard Sauce in my tuna salad . The recipes just get you started !
 If you are looking for something new - You have to try this ! The salad dressings are great ! I love the Wilted Lettuce Dressing ... it reminds me of home ! Also , I have been cooking everything with the Zest Sauce and the Real McCoy Mustard Sauce . No more same old same old . I am going to send this as gifts this year to all of my cooking friends .
 I discovered this sauce when I went to Charleston , WV to see a pharmacy school with my son . It does n't taste like any sauce I can get in Syracuse , NY . It 's mustard based which I 'm partial to . I used it to make home made chicken tenders ... I dipped the chicken in the the mustard sauce and rolled in panko crumbs ... it 's delicious . I hope Amazon gets this sauce in stock !
 We have a Keurig in our small office , and since we got it in December half the office has taken to making themselves a green tea pick-me-up in the afternoon . I find the Bigelow K-cup green tea to taste the same as that brewed from most green tea tea bags . It is not quite the same as green tea brewed from loose leaves , but for what it is , it is great .
 As Green Tea goes this is one of the best . Very easy to to get it steeped right with K-Kups ...
 This green tea has great strong flavor even when brewed at the largest size . We love it !
 What happens when you get your Kuerig coffee maker is you get a variety pack of various flavors they have availabe . This was one of the samples that I ordered again , because it is flavorful and fresh tasting , even without cream and coffee , and perfect in a mug on a chilly morning . I do n't rate it at five stars because of the price . You can get 25 count boxes for roughly this same price . Also , note the `` best if used by '' dates that some come stamped on the side of some K-cups . When you see a REALLY good deal at certain places , it is worth calling to ask about the date stamp . I 've used K-cups several months past the date stamp and really ca n't tell any difference , but it is something that makes you wonder whether the stuff really gets stale , or if this is a sales technique applied .
 I thought I remembered Kenya Kilimanjaro being very dark but like another reviewer said , this is not really that dark . It is very good , for a medium roast . I 'm not sure if they changed the recipe in the last few years or if my tastes have changed that much.Anyway , this roast is very good , adds a nice base if you like creamer in your coffee , but not a very DARK bitter blend for those who prefer that .
 We love this coffee but ca n't seem to find it lately . Very bold taste but not bitter . We hope to find it locally .
 I love this coffee - bought some on another site as a bulk order with some others and it just gets better as I keep drinking it . One of my top morning coffee selections !
 I 'm a coffee snob . Not the kind of coffee snob who claims to be one but would actually buy a `` K-cup brewing system '' and expect it to be good . I 'm the kind that prefers to brew coffee in an all-glass vacuum pot/syphon with a glass filter rod so the oils do n't get absorbed by paper or fabric filters and metal does n't alter the taste . So I do n't usually drink office coffee , because it 's usually garbage . Sometimes just for the heat or the caffeine , I 'll drink a few cups , though.But back in February I started a new contract , and these guys have one of these K-cup things . Seems like a silly gimmick to me , and a pretty environmentally unfriendly one ... but one day I needed some caffeine and started trying the coffees . The first one I tried was a costa rican thing which tasted like someone mixed maxwell house with starbucks and pencil shavings and filtered it through a moderately clean sock . The second one was a columbian one that tasted like maxwell house with less starbucks , more pencil shavings , and a dirty sock . Then someone opened a box of this Kenya stuff , and I rolled my eyes and tried it ... and really liked it . It 's not the best coffee in the world , but it 's very drinkable . Smooth and soft , reasonably rich and robust ... it 's a nice no-heartburn beverage . I usually toss an ounce of cold water in the bottom of the cup because it does n't taste so great when it 's still at cautious sipping heat , but at a good drinkable temperature it 's very doable . Feels like a dark roast without the bitter burned taste , almost like a peaberry . Doubt it 's that , but whatever 's in it , I 'll happily swill down a few cups of it on a day when I want something besides water or tea ... not just on days when I need caffeine .
 Found this to make a rich , strong cup of morning coffee ! This is one of my favorites along with Newmans .
 I discovered this sauce when I went to Charleston , WV to see a pharmacy school with my son . It does n't taste like any sauce I can get in Syracuse , NY . It 's mustard based which I 'm partial to . I used it to make home made chicken tenders ... I dipped the chicken in the the mustard sauce and rolled in panko crumbs ... it 's delicious . I hope Amazon gets this sauce in stock !
 If you are looking for something new - You have to try this ! I have been cooking everything with the Zest Sauce and the Real McCoy Mustard Sauce . The salad dressings are really tasty as well . No more same old same old . I am going to send this as gifts this year to all of my cooking friends .
 I have been using zest sauce for years ... so glad to see it on Amazon ... it will be easy to get!I love it on grilled chicken . Mix about a 1/4 cup with fresh orange juice and rosemary . Also great on fish like this . It is also great in pasta salad .
 I ca n't tell you how often we use these products . Seems that just about every food -LRB- and drink -RRB- item we prepare can be enhanced by one of these Appalachian Mountain Specialty products . The Zest Sauce is good on just about everything and can really make a great Bloody Mary . I love the Mustard Sauce in my tuna salad . The recipes just get you started !
 If you are looking for something new - You have to try this ! The salad dressings are great ! I love the Wilted Lettuce Dressing ... it reminds me of home ! Also , I have been cooking everything with the Zest Sauce and the Real McCoy Mustard Sauce . No more same old same old . I am going to send this as gifts this year to all of my cooking friends .
 We have usually always been a little disappointed in how the tea k-cups turn out , but not this one ! Surprisingly dark and really flavorful ! Very pleasant surprise and delicious with some honey mixed in ! Tastes like black tea and not just hot water . Give this a try as an alternative to coffee .
 ` Nothing bad to say about anything Keurig w-h-a-t-s-o-e-v-e-r . Hands down one of the greatest modern day conveniences and something to put a smile on my face each and every morning . This tea is a nice , strong brew , much like all of their tea varieties , and surprisingly so . I 'm your average loose tea , fresh from the source type , and I still love these for their ease and speed while on the go , while not sacrificing a good cup of tea or joe .
 I bought this product , along with coffee and the Keurig coffee maker for my son and his wife . The tea was for her and she loves it ; a fast and easy way to make tea for one without microwaved water or a kettle on the stove . It is a real hit and `` mom '' scored , at least this time !
 This very enjoyable `` English Breakfast '' tea was included in theCelestial Seasonings K-Cups Tea Sampler 44 Cups -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- we bought for use in ourKeurig B-40 B40 Elite Gourmet Single-Cup Home-Brewing System.It is a very rich , traditional tasting tea that works well in both small and large cup brew sizes.Highly Recommended!CFH
 I think this is the greatest thing . I got a Keurig as a gift and found a whole new world for coffee and tea . It is so nice and convenient to have hot beverages without wasting so much coffee or tea when there is only one person to fix for . I will reorder this product again .
 Needed Kcups for my daugher at collge . Thought it was a coffee/tea variety pack , but she did n't mind since she loves tea as well . Service was quick .
 Most people buy the Keurig drink maker for coffee . I am not a coffee drinker . This machine does a great job on the English Breakfast tea variant . Wish they had more selections -LRB- Irish Breakfast tea etc. . -RRB-
 Great tea . My son loved it . K cups are really handy , maybe a little expensive , but if you want easy , I guess you have to pay the price .
 The tea flavor was just as I remembered at home in the UK . Strong full flavor .
 I discovered this sauce when I went to Charleston , WV to see a pharmacy school with my son . It does n't taste like any sauce I can get in Syracuse , NY . It 's mustard based which I 'm partial to . I used it to make home made chicken tenders ... I dipped the chicken in the the mustard sauce and rolled in panko crumbs ... it 's delicious . I hope Amazon gets this sauce in stock !
 I love this French Vanilla . For those of us who do n't want our coffee stripping the paint off the walls this is perfect . I always add water to my coffee , just my preference as most are way too strong . The vanilla is not over powering and the blend produces a great light roasted cup of coffee . My favorite . If you like `` BOLD , DARK ROAST '' then this one is n't for you .
 The item I purchased was delivered in a timely manner and was available at a good price . The shipping cost seemed a bit high , but the product was fresh and received in good condition .
 These are my very favorite K cups of all I have tried ... and I have tried a lot . It is also a good value
 The Van Houtte French Vanilla is a substantial , creamy , somewhat nutty cup . I much prefer it to Gloria Jeans -LRB- though I like some of their other flavored coffees . GJ 's FV is also weaker . Timothy 's is a bit stronger than GJ 's , but lacks the complexity of the VH cup .
 We purchased a Keurig for our daughter to use at college . She LOVES these coffee flavors which we got thru amazon.com . Good quality , good taste and shipped quickly . Hightly recommend .
 This product was adequate but there are better French Vanilla brands out there . Product was shipped quickly and in great shape .
 Nothing bad to say about this product , great price , got to me quickly and makes delish coffee ! Thanks a ton !
 I have tried several flavored coffees , and some are dreadful . Not so with this one ! It is lovely ! The smell is not so strong that it overpowers you , and you can still taste vanilla without it being bitter . LOVE !
 Love the taste of this coffee ! It 's good but not an overwhelming coffee taste either ! Very happy with my purchase .
 Love this coffee !!! Will buy over and over again . You ca n't beat Amazon 's price with free shipping !
 I love this French Vanilla coffee . It 's not over powering but still has a great vanilla flavor . My husband and teenage kids love it also . It 's a household favorite !!
 The French Vanilla is wonderful . This is our first time and it is wonderful . My wife loves flavored coffees , so , this was just a natural way to go.We both enjoy a coffee in the morning and one when entertaining some evenings.These k-cups are perfect for entertaining and fast perks . Enjoy !!!
 Personally , I prefer the decaffeinated brands by this manufacturer but it was good for the price !
 We tried some of this in our new Keurig coffee maker and it was just OK . This is a lighter brewed cup of coffee with a very sweet taste . It was so sweet that I actually ate a small bit of food with it and it made the coffee taste better to me as it took the sweet edge off of the flavor . I gave it a 4 star rating as my wife loved it but for me it was a 3 or four star.I could drink it without problems but it is not my favorite . It was a smooth flavor and not bitter but the vanilla flavor was a little light . You may have to cut back on any sweetener if you use any . I brewed a medium cup size of coffee . I posted a photo of the K-Cup .
 What more do I need say , love the taste and the coffee has a pleasant smella very good blend .
 I purchased this coffee as it is very smooth and not overwhelmed with Vanilla . I really like the flavor and I will continue to purchase . This is one of the best brands that I have tried .
 I had some of the Green Mountain coffee and it was very acidic and way too strong so I wanted something with more flavor and I bought this one . I think it is a great coffee flavor . Those who say it has no flavor obviously are expecting something like a powdery flavored coffee . This is n't too sweet but sweet enough and has a great after taste unlike most coffee which is too acidic . If you are looking for a light roast coffee with a sweet hint of vanilla then get this for sure ! ca n't wait to try other van houtte flavors !
 I really enjoy flavored coffees so when we opened the 12 pod sample pack that came with our new Keurig machine , I was excited to find a sample k cup of Van Houtte 's French Vanilla . It ended up being one of the best flavors we had an opportunity to try!Van Houtte 's French Vanilla is not quite as good as some of the french vanilla coffees I 've had fresh brewed at local coffee shops , but it is n't too far off either . It 's a very mild , but flavorful coffee with a smooth finish and no bitter aftertaste . I do n't like extra dark coffees with lots of acidity , so of that 's more your cup of tea , so to speak , this blend is n't for you.I will definitely be picking up more of this blend and if you 're in the market for a french vanilla flavored coffee k up for your Keurig brewer , this one is an excellent choice .
 Excellent coffee , but on the expensive side . I like medium blends . If you like medium coffee , this could be the coffee for you !
 I do n't always like flavored coffees , but this had a good vanilla flavor , with or without milk . I like the k-cup system , does a nice job when you want just a single cup .
 If you are looking for something new - You have to try this ! The salad dressings are great ! I love the Wilted Lettuce Dressing ... it reminds me of home ! Also , I have been cooking everything with the Zest Sauce and the Real McCoy Mustard Sauce . No more same old same old . I am going to send this as gifts this year to all of my cooking friends .
 If you are looking for something new - You have to try this ! The salad dressings are great ! I love the Wilted Lettuce Dressing ... it reminds me of home ! Also , I have been cooking everything with the Zest Sauce and the Real McCoy Mustard Sauce . No more same old same old . I am going to send this as gifts this year to all of my cooking friends .
 I discovered this sauce when I went to Charleston , WV to see a pharmacy school with my son . It does n't taste like any sauce I can get in Syracuse , NY . It 's mustard based which I 'm partial to . I used it to make home made chicken tenders ... I dipped the chicken in the the mustard sauce and rolled in panko crumbs ... it 's delicious . I hope Amazon gets this sauce in stock !
 If you are looking for something new - You have to try this ! The salad dressings are great ! I love the Wilted Lettuce Dressing ... it reminds me of home ! Also , I have been cooking everything with the Zest Sauce and the Real McCoy Mustard Sauce . No more same old same old . I am going to send this as gifts this year to all of my cooking friends .
 If you are looking for something new - You have to try this ! I have been cooking everything with the Zest Sauce and the Real McCoy Mustard Sauce . The salad dressings are really tasty as well . No more same old same old . I am going to send this as gifts this year to all of my cooking friends .
 I have been using zest sauce for years ... so glad to see it on Amazon ... it will be easy to get!I love it on grilled chicken . Mix about a 1/4 cup with fresh orange juice and rosemary . Also great on fish like this . It is also great in pasta salad .
 I ca n't tell you how often we use these products . Seems that just about every food -LRB- and drink -RRB- item we prepare can be enhanced by one of these Appalachian Mountain Specialty products . The Zest Sauce is good on just about everything and can really make a great Bloody Mary . I love the Mustard Sauce in my tuna salad . The recipes just get you started !
 If you are looking for something new - You have to try this ! The salad dressings are great ! I love the Wilted Lettuce Dressing ... it reminds me of home ! Also , I have been cooking everything with the Zest Sauce and the Real McCoy Mustard Sauce . No more same old same old . I am going to send this as gifts this year to all of my cooking friends .
 Say that 10 times fast ! It 's true though . They really put just enough kernels in the bag to satisfy you without feeling like you should have made 2 ! I love the Kettle Korn flavor too ! If you 've never tried it , you do n't know what you 're missing . It can be very addictive so maybe you better not try . Neah ! Go right ahead ! It 's popcorn - a great healthy snacking alternative to chips , candy , and other junk food.Tip
 We really enjoy this popcorn snack in the evenings . It has an excellent flavor/taste and does n't add hundreds and hundreds of calories to our daily intake . Just the thing to enjoy while watching a TV show or movie .
 Best flavor , all the popcorn pops . Want to limit carbs the get the smart pop instead . Pops in two minutes perfectly .
 The taste of this kettle corn is mildly sweet , not overpowering & not at all artificial-tasting . The product I tried was the 94 % - fat-free KETTLE CORN , not to be confused with the Butter . The Kettle Corn has clear white kernals of popped corn , and there is not the first hint of yellow residue anywhere.The best feature
 I bought Orville Redenbacher mini-bags of Kettle Corn because stores in my area stopped selling it . I have a compact microwave and the larger bags wo n't fit . This was not only a great deal , it is a healthy single serving snack that has aided me in my weight loss . Salty/Sweet , fluffly , perfectly done in less than 90 seconds . So glad I bought it .
 I discovered this sauce when I went to Charleston , WV to see a pharmacy school with my son . It does n't taste like any sauce I can get in Syracuse , NY . It 's mustard based which I 'm partial to . I used it to make home made chicken tenders ... I dipped the chicken in the the mustard sauce and rolled in panko crumbs ... it 's delicious . I hope Amazon gets this sauce in stock !
 WAS GIVIN AS A GIFT SO I DID NOT GET TO TRY ONEBUT WAS TOLD THEY WERE LOOKING FORWARD TO NEXT YEARTHEY LOVED THEM !!
 Earth 's Best Baby FoodMy favorite brand of baby food by far . Both my son -LRB- who is now over 2 years old -RRB- and my daughter -LRB- now almost one -RRB- have used a wide variety of foods from Earth 's Best . I am a huge proponent of feeding children primarily organic and/or locally grown foods to promote proper nutrition and growth . But I do not feel that all organic brands are equal . I 've tried many varieties -LRB- including store brands and others only available through internet purchase -RRB- and found that Earth 's Best is by far the best for your money.Apples 4oz SizeThis is a great product and flavor . It 's basic , almost every baby I know loves apples and the size is so much better because it 's just big enough . On the rare occasion that my son or daughter ca n't / could n't finish in one sitting I could put it in the fridge until the next time they sat down to eat . The price is great too , especially if you sign up for a subscription . I like it because if I need another set sooner than it would normally ship I can alter that in my subscription listing . It makes this a great value and a great product .
 Among the different fruits and fruit combinations , we realised that my son -LRB- aged 17 months now -RRB- liked all varietes of apple and pears from 4 months of age . We sometimes use this as a sweetener for his oatmeal and he is happy to gobble that up as well .
 We 've been buying these in bulk for months . My son loves these apples , and if there is another food he is not enjoying we just mix in some of these apples and he gobbles it all up . It 's a Magic Mix-in !
 Our 7 month old loves these Apples . We try to buy as much organic as possible , so it 's nice to have multiple Earth 's Best options that our baby loves.Pros
 These are hard candy lollipops that are so yummy you just ca n't stop eating them . The flavor is very similar to actual cotton candy . I have ordered the variety pack as well , and those are also just as good . A few may come broken , but that is almost impossible to prevent due to the fact that they are being shipped . I still eat the broken ones , i just open them up and put them in a bowl , they are still good . They stay in the wrapper even if they break , so they are still clean . 12 bucks for 48 lollipops is a really fair price , so I do n't think it 's that big of a deal if a few come broken . I have ordered them about 3 or 4 times , and there 's usually only about 5 or 6 that come broken . I have never seen them in any of the stores I shop at either . It 's hard to find just good old fashion candy . They ship very fast and come in the manufacture box , with bubble wrap around it , in an Amazon box . I ca n't imagine there is much more they could do to prevent breakage anyway . I would recommend them for sure , you wo n't regret it .
 These are yet another great sucker from Charms.I 'd never had these before , -LRB- I usually pound down Blow Pops -RRB- and decided to give them a shot to keep some variety in my diet . I eat a lot of candy to deal with medication-induced nausea , and nothing beats it down faster , -LRB- and I do mean nothing -RRB- than very sweet candy . The sweeter the better.How do these taste ? They are definitely cotton candyish . I say `` ish '' because they are n't exactly like it , but are close enough that you can taste it in there . The flavor is like a mix of the pink and blue flavors , so the blend makes it seem a little off from what the real candy tastes like . But they are for sure a good flavored pop . They also have very little aftertaste.Since these are a flat sucker you will get a few that are broken in most boxes . It 's kind of an expected issue with any hard flat candy . They could probably prevent any breakage by bubble wrapping them individually , but then they would cost $ 5.00 each.After reading the one-star review on these I decided to mention that these are NOT actual cotton candy on a stick . -LRB- See picture I posted . -RRB- I know it seems that this should be obvious to any rational adult or thinking child , but ... apparently it 's not as obvious as one would think . If these were actual cotton candy they would last about one microsecond after hitting the tongue . SO be glad they are a hard candy.Overall a five star treat .
 This is one of the best tasting candies that I have ever had . It really does taste like cotton candy . Will bring you back to your childhood ! Great price as well , but they sure went too fast ; -RRB-
 It 's very difficult to find these in stores and the prices have been good in Amazon . I love cotton candy and these give me that and each lasts longer than a bag of actual CC ! I have a big sweet tooth and I use these as a treat when I 'm craving something much higher calorie!If you like cotton candy , they are a must-try !
 These worked well for our Spiderman themed goodie bags -LRB- pink/light blue ~ red/dark blue -RRB- . And guess what -- they are not tiny lollipops
 I ordered these because I needed a flat sucker to put a round sticker on for a shower favor . I had no idea what they tasted like but they turned to be really good actually ! I recieved exactly 4 broken suckers in the whole pack of 48 . I did n't think that was bad at all for such a fragile product !
 I have ensured my wife 's love for me by buying her one box of these with every pay check . She finds them the best candy in the galaxy .
 I was given a gift of a bottle of Colonna Granverde Olive Oil and it is absolutely wonderful . I have never tasted a similar Olive Oil before but this one is just perfect .
 I have sent this companies cookies to my most valued customers for years now with no complaints . They are top quality cookies ... Thanks Suzy Good Luck this year
 I mistakenly ordered this too early for Fathers Day , so I got to pre-sample - haha . These are the biggest most perfectly baked cookie I have ever seen . Plus they are a made with a normal - no processing agents - recipe . They are better than my homemade because they are perfectly baked , -- no hard bottoms , perfectly light brown -- not dry . One cookie is a meal for me and there are 16 in the container . If your dad likes home-made chocolate chips cookies - you and he will be very with this gift . -LRB- warm in microwave 7-8 seconds before eating for an out-of-the-oven taste . -RRB-
 These are one of the best tasting cookies in the United States ! They should produce and sell a lot more of these . The shipping cost is fairly high though .
 Delivered as promised , huge soft , fresh , gooey , rich cookies that were absolutely delicious .
 Someone sent a sampler pack of cookies and brownies as a gift . They came in attractive wrapping . They were fresh and incredibly delicious ! Highly recommended - a great treat !
 I sent this as a present to an incorrect college address.Fedex would not allow me to make the correction , but the company president personally expedited the change , and followed through delivery . Her communications were warm and caring . I would definitely purchase from Nana 's again , and recommend them highly .
 If something looks good , then you 're more likely to try it . Right ? I bought this as a gift so was unsure what it would look like when delivered . I was so pleased ! It was beautifully wrapped and very eye-appealing . The cookies are `` to die for ! '' Large , fresh , taste like the cookies your Mom made . You will not go wrong with this gift ! Thanks Nana !
 Being a `` modern '' busy mom , I sent these cookies to my son at college . While I have n't tried them , my son raved about how great they taste , and the size is impressive . He felt there were quite a few cookies , shared them with friends , and would love to have them delivered again . It only took 2 days because I placed the order on a Monday . So , I do n't feel guilty for not baking the cookies myself !
 These cookies are delicious . They 're also a great gift idea . These are great to send to co-workers and loved ones . If you want to make a memorable impression , send a box !
 Sent this as a gift . It was appreciated but they complained that too many of the cookies had cinnamon flavor - they were wishing for a greater variety . Great packaging .
 We loved the cookies my grandkids ate most of them and that say 's alot . I would buy them again ... Barbara
 My daughter is a cookie kinda gal . . she loved the box of samplers that I sent to her for her Birthday . . She sat down with a tall glass of milk and ate to her heart content . . WONDERFUL !!!!
 People I gave these to said they were very good . I gave them with brownies that got an amazing review , so they were in the shadow of a top choice . But they definitely enjoyed them !
 This is a flavorful , portable , high quality tea . These Adagio tea bags taste better than ninety percent of the teas out there . This blend has a floral light taste . Oolongs & Green teas should not be boiled or overly steeped , 2-3 minutes max using one tablespoon for each eight ounces of water . These teas are good hot , but are also fine for iced tea . If you like it a bit sweet I would add a few drops of a good quality Clover Honey . If you like it with a Citrus zing , a tiny sliver of Lime or Lemon peel goes well . These are definitely worth the price .
 This was my first plant order from amazon , and i was amazed on the arival of this little guy . I ' v been in bonsai for 7 years and these amazing junipers make great shohin twisted trunk . As of the roots in less than week it showed signs of new roots . hope this helps .
 It would have been better if it would contain some protien.Also detailed allergy information would help . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This product is very good , the only issue is that the price is too much for such a small can , i think is over priced .
 I received the package in very good condition ! the kid love it.It 's a shame they do n't sell it here in canada.Thanks
 I like the flavor of this product and it 's a great way to eat salt without eating too much of it . The one caveat here is that you do n't pour extra salt on to compensate for the lower strength of the flavor . This may sound silly if you have n't tried it , but it 's very easy to catch yourself pouring more on which is just as bad as eating regular salt .
 This is a great product for people who want to cut down on their sodium intake . My problem is Amazon 's price -LRB- $ 6.99 -RRB- . I searched and found it on bythecase.com for $ 3.48 per container . Even then I got ripped off because it 's in the supermarket for $ 1.99 . Sometimes purchasing on line does n't pay.So I rate the product 5 stars & the price is 0 stars.Amazon will probably not show this review !
 I make my own cat food . Kitty 's diet requires a salt with iodine in it . This is the salt that I use . Thanks !
 You would n't believe how many different brands I ordered in an attempt to find the recipe done properly . We normally get a case of damson preserves every year from South Boston , VA , and they are so delicious ; we share them with all of our friends . This year , unfortunately , there was a shortage of damsons , so we could n't acquire a single jar from South Boston . I thought I could n't possibly try another jar of inferior damson , and then a jar arrived from Tiptree , and I thought ... okay , one more time ... WOOHOO !!! You have the pieces of damson fruit in there , exactly how we like ! This is what MAKES or breaks a recipe for damson preserves -LRB- not to mention the top quality ingredients of course -RRB- . So thank you . I wish they were n't so expensive so we could order more . I would dock you a star , but I ca n't bring myself to give you only 4 stars because the product is so outstanding . Yum , yum , yum ! Thank you from California .
 Ever since damson plum preserves were not to be found on ordinary grocer 's shelves due to the blight that afflicted damson plums in the U.S. i have searched for a product that most nearly resembled the taste and look of the damson plum preserves my grandmother used to make every September after purchasing a bushel of damson plums at Findlay Market in Cincinnati . No luck , however , until , on a visit to Bermuda , I found the Tiptree product . Tastes and looks exactly like hers , and Amazon.com brings it right to my door ! It 's got everything except the occasional plum stone that escaped Grandma 's watchful eye . I 've tried many , many jars of supposedly damson plum jellies , jams , and preserves , but nothing comes close to Tiptree .
 My dad loves damson plum and has the hardest time finding it , so i was really excited to find this jam for him with such positive reviews . He LOVED it . Said it was absolutely delicious . I will definitely be buying this product again !
 I bought this because my mother told me that she fed me farley biscuits when I was little . in states , the recommended age to solid food feeding is 6 months , but I fed my son farley biscuit diluted with water when he was 4 months . the biscuit is easily dissolve and a good introduction food for baby .
 I used this or my children when they started solid food and now using for my grandchildren . Good starter food .
 The Farleys rusks taste good and my baby girl likes them but they do fall apart completely which is good in one side because it melts in her mouth but no so good on the other side since she needs to bite it for her teething .
 **** Tazo 's Calm Herbal Infusion is a nice chamomile tea . I taste the chamomile and some flavorings , and they are not unpleasant , just hard to pin down as to what they are besides the chamomile . In general I 'm not a big fan of tea with flavorings added , preferring the subtleness and authentic taste of the real thing.The ingredients in Calm are
 Earth 's Best Pears are our son 's favorite of the EB fruits . He has significant feeding delays due to complications as a micro-preemie , but he 's always done well with the pears.We have ordered several cases of the pears from Amazon and have had no problems with expiration dates . All cases have had expiration dates many months from the purchase date .
 My 10 month old daughter just loves these . We went to a wedding reception recently with these and she was a happy baby all night long -LRB- well , at least , up to her bed time -RRB- . Another good thing is that they taste so good that I do n't mind finishing them if she gets full . Ha ! Ca n't say that about all her baby food ! : D
 I have two 8 mo old twins . The only way they will eat oatmeal is in combination with EB 's pear . Very convenient , especially for quickly mixing their breakfast in the morning . Packaging from Amazon is always very secure , never any broken jars . Recommended .
 These pears are delicious . My daughter enjoys them alone or mixed with oatmeal . Good texture and mild flavor . It transitioned her well to solid pears !
 The product itself is great . However , it arrived with some of the jars broken and pear everywhere . It was a mess ! It definitely needs better packaging before it is shipped .
 I 'd continue to buy but I 'm moving over to more home made finger foods and away from glass jars ... shattered too many . They like all the flavors though . Great textures too .
 I am so appreciative regarding this product today Dec. 17th . It is prior to the Christmas holidays . The apple cider was waiting for this ... lol
 I ordered this because of the price . I 'm glad I did as the pepper is great and has a built in grinder . Ca n't beat it .
 Kalvert Rose Syrup exceeded my expectations for flavor and aroma . I use it in ice cream and in to sweeten some teas .
 I have tried almost all of the La Briute flavors as I travel to places that do n't have kosher services rather often . Of all the meals this one is one of the better ones.If you 're going to be purchasing these products , the cheese ravioli is a good one . Remember these are by no means gourmet but it is sufficient considering what it is.As a general note the chicken ones are pretty good , the beef ones are simply OK , and the vegeterian ones are not fit for human consumption .
 I love this dressing . It is delicious ! I recommend it with a Spring Mix lettuce mix , sliced strawberries , some almonds and mandarin oranges ... makes a fantastic salad . This dressing is also great with any other type of salad but it adds a special zing to the ones with fruit . So healthy and delicious ! I love Ken 's dressings !
 I looked for the Love Lemon every where , but the stores do not carry this packaged with just one flavor . I 'm so glad to discover it sold here !
 My order arrived on time and with all the contents ! Thanks so much Bigelow ! I will be ordering more soon !
 Bigelow teas are my favorite teas and this lemon tea is delicious . It has great flavor and caffeine free -- it 's perfect!I 've tried other brands of lemon tea and they have n't been as good.I like rrrrreally strong tea , so I steep it for an hour then reheat it . I do that with all my teas.I will continue to buy this on amazon because my local grocery store does n't stock it . It 's worth it !
 Spoon the syrup over pancakes , hot biscuits , or in tea . My family enjoys it best with overnight oatmeal . Its buttery sweet flavor ca n't be beat .
 This syrup was a mainstay when I was growing up . It was great to find it online . It is the most unique syrup that you will ever find . Excellent for cooking .
 I bought these on a whim , and they 're pretty good . There 's no mistaking them for a dessert cookie , but they are moist and taste good . They taste a lot like a really good bran muffin , but with a more dense texture . My kids wo n't eat them , but that leaves more for me .
 I ordered Erin Baker 's fruit & nut cookies at a discounted price because Amazon said the item was near its sell-by date . I was nervous about doing so -- afraid I might have to scarf down a dozen cookies all at once because they were about to expire . But the cookies arrived at the beginning of September , and the expiration date is n't until Nov. 11 . Plenty of time , especially since these cookies taste so good , they wo n't last long!I have n't tried any other Erin Baker cookies , but I definitely recommend the Fruit & Nut flavor . They have a spicy aroma and a chewy , moist texture , with just the right amount of tender fruit . The density reminds me somewhat of an Odwalla bar , but without the overpowering soy taste of an Odwalla.These cookies can serve as a meal replacement . They are filling , and with more nutrition than you might think -LRB- 6 grams of protein -RRB- . The only reason I did n't give these cookies five stars is that they 're a bit higher in calories -LRB- 290 -RRB- than a typical granola bar or protein bar . But taste-wise , they 're just about perfect .
 The cookie is true to it description . Has a good taste with a equal distribution of ingredients . I find them satisfying .
 I am so addicted to these cookies ! Love them ! They are great for a meal substitute or snack . Not too sweet-just right . They are good for you too . What else could you want ? No more dessert store bought cookies for us . One cookie and a glass of milk is pretty filling for me as the cookies are sizable . My son likes two at a time though . -LRB- Sometimes I do too ! -RRB- We have disabilities in our home so ` easy ' is a word we love . At first we tried the Morning Glory Cookies and loved those so ordered 4 more different kinds , caramel apple , banana nut , peanut butter with chocolate , fruit and nut . We all loved them all . The Caramel Apple went first though . My son 's favorites are caramel apple , peanut butter with chocolate and banana nut . Frozen we heat in microwave 25 seconds . You really must freeze these because they are all natural . Someone said it reminded them of fruitcake but I did n't think that . I really like this one . I like the texture of the nuts in it . I want one right now but unfortunately we are out Darn it ! It is not one of my son 's favorites but mine and my Mom 's . Do not hesitate to try these in any flavor . They are a bargain . We are getting the automatic monthly shipping next month which is even more of a bargain and will order probably 10 packages at least , for 3 people . I told you we love them!IMPORTANT FOLLOW-UP - I felt this was important to add . I had not finished my test yet so did not mention it before . I have a rare bile duct disease from a `` botched ' surgery . I have to be very careful what I eat or I get terrible pains and cramping and am prone to getting pancreatitis . The list of what I can eat is very short . I loved these so decided to eat mostly just the cookies for a week , if I could , without having any pains and still feel like I always do , which is really pretty awful . I felt they are nutritious and I would drink LOTS of liquids with them as the fiber can be very constipating , and of course , take vitamins . Not only did I feel better and had more energy than before but I had NO stomach pains at all . I ca n't remember the last time when I have gone a week without pains . I expected some but there were none . I will say , I did not miss other foods either and actually craved these cookies . I love sweets but have to be careful and these are enough sweet to satisfy me . My son brought a cake home and I found it to be almost sickeningly sweet and no nutritional value . With the cookies It just feels like I am eating well and enjoying it immensely at the same time . -LRB- Oh , I was ` regular '' as well -RRB- . These will continue to be a large part of my diet . It is so wonderful to feel better , have more energy and not have the horrible pains . Now if I can afford to buy as many as I need and for my Mom and son ! I really need at least 5 cookies most days -LRB- 3 meals a day plus 2 snacks -RRB- if I eat nothing else . Actually the price is very affordable for most at about 1.00 a cookie and less if you get automatic ordering which I am going to do at the first of every month . I ca n't believe I just now heard of these on Amazon ! I am thankful to Erin for developing these cookies which are literally changing my life . God bless you Erin , and your business .
 I bought Erin Baker 's breakfast cookies for my teenage daughters who are in swim team and leave for practice early in the morning . This made for a very convenient breakfast for them after their practice and morning workouts ! Paired with milk or a piece of fruit , this was definitely a filling and satisfying breakfast for them.We enjoy the moistness , density and great flavor of fruit and nut . We have tried other flavors , but this one rates top of the list . We also feel it 's a healthy option for `` on the run '' mornings.GIVE THEM A TRY !!!
 I have been eating Erin 's for Breakfast for over 2 yrs now . Very filling , taste is excellent . Good to take along when you 're late for work as I usually am . A great all around breakfast . I like mine warmed up in the Microwave .
 I eat these while I am walking to work to save time and get a good burst of carbs to start the day with . They are very tasty and I feel good about eating them because they are healthy .
 If you have no time in the morning for a sit down breakfast this cookies are perfect for you .
 I first tried these cookies years ago and loved them . However , there was a problem with the nutritional information listed on the wrapper , and I learned that they were much higher in calories than I 'd thought . I stopped eating them and actually forgot all about them . Recently I was getting coffee at the local mall and they had the cookies for sale . I bought one and rediscovered how good they are . They 're moist & chewy , with large pieces of whatever fruit , nut or chocolate is in that particular flavor . They 're delicious right out of the wrapper or heated in the microwave for a few seconds . They 're pretty filling and definitely satisfy my craving for the occasional sweet . I can eat them without feeling like I indulged in empty calories . I have to say that my daughter does n't care for them at all -- she says they taste `` oat-y '' , like a horse treat ! I understand what she means , but I do n't mind what I think of as the ` organic flavor ' . I 've purchased 3 different flavors
 I follow the package instructions so always get my cookies fresh . Crispy on the outside and crunchy with walnuts on the inside
 These are delicious , the quality is very good , and they make a great quick breakfast . You can toast them -LRB- crispy outside crust -RRB- or just pop 'em in the microwave -LRB- softer , moister -RRB- for 30-45 seconds -- they 're good either way.These `` breakfast cookies '' are better -LRB- and healthier -RRB- than you might think . They are quite hearty , taste good , and are nutritious . They come in many different flavors . Most of the flavors are too sweet for my taste , but this one is good . Other favorites are the `` Morning Glory , '' `` Oatmeal Raisin , '' and `` Banana Walnut '' flavors . Be sure to store them in your freezer -LRB- as suggested -RRB- and they will taste fresh and keep for a long time . They are packaged in a heavy wrapper and plastic bag which works well for freezer storage.I use subscribe & save -LRB- best value -RRB- and keep 2 or 3 flavors on hand . They make a great quick breakfast when you are in a rush , but I enjoy them even on a relaxed morning , as they are very good and satisfying with a nice cup of coffee . There are now one of my favorite breakfast items and I recommend them highly .
 Can you say tasty ! Great snack/meal replacement . Great for a pick me up at the office to keep you focused
 Not all varieties of Erin 's Breakfast cookies are lactose free , but many are . For lactose intolerant people like me that is very important . Read ingredients carefully ... but , if you are lactose intolerant , you do this already . There are a number tasty varieties , and they always arrive in a timely way .
 These cookies really make the perfect breakfast when I do n't have much time . I grab one out of the freezer , throw it in my purse and by 9:00 am I have the perfect breakfast . Not only are they tasty and chewy but they are filling too !
 The 12 individually wrapped cookies came in good condition . This is a great tasting cookie and I like it toasted and not .
 I have tried several ` flavors ' of Erin Baker 's Breakfast Cookies and I 'd definitely buy this one again . One of my favorites .
 Gave Erin Baker 's Breakfast Fruit & Nut Cookies as a gift and the recipient gave the cookies very high reviews ! Thank you !
 So far , I have tried caramel apple , fruit & nut , morning glory , and banana walnut flavers . I have also ordered , -LRB- but not yet received -RRB- the pumpkin spice cookies . All of them are an excellent meal replacement or nutritious snack . The ingredients are wholesome , there is no high fructose corn syrup , and they have a good supply of protein & fiber to stave off hunger for several hours . The caramel apple is probably my favorite because it seems to be the moistest , but I really love all of the flavors . Like other reviewers , I freeze them , and then microwave a cookie for 20 seconds when I am ready to eat it . I find the cookies taste best warmed up . Even though the calorie count is higher than many cookies , I think you get a lot of nutritional `` value '' with these .
 Delicious moist and healthy to eat for lunch snack or even breakfast . I have been ordering these cookies regularly by case because there so good and helps when your packing your lunch everyday for work . Thanks Amazon for carrying this product .
 but certainly good enough to put on Subscribe and Save . They are a bit like a less dense fruitcake without the weird red and green `` fruits '' . I did n't find these at all dry . They are a good change of pace from the chocolate and the oatmeal varieties . I do n't use these just for breakfast . With a glass of milk they make a good fast meal when I have no time for anything else . I do freeze and then heat in the microwave . One caveat - do n't eat too many of these -LRB- any of them -RRB- in succession . They do have a real tendency to loosen things up if you know what I mean .
 we 've tried all of the breakfast cookies - these are the most moist and flavorful . filling and keeps you full for hours .
 I have purchased these cookies for years . They are great if you are on a low fat / high fiber diet . My favorite flavor is Fruit and Nut , but they are all good !
 This Breakfast cookie has a great taste , almost makes you want to eat another . Would definately buy again .
 I purchased two of these cookies when in Seattle and went looking online to buy them about 2 months later . I have purchased 2 dozen on Amazon and had them shipped cross-country to me . I followed the suggestion to freeze them to keep better . They are very good and give a `` hearty meal '' feeling anytime of the day . It says they are toaster friendly but I have only warmed one up in the microwave . I will probably re-order although I have been searching the internet for a recipe that might bake up as good as the real thing .
 These are a easy to grab breakfast when I am running late in the morning . I store them in the freezer and they are defrosted by the time I get to my desk . They are dense and can not be confused with a dessert cookie . One for breakfast along with a cup of coffee keeps me satisfied until lunch . I also like the Fruit and Nut ones .
 What a delicious snack ! Actually , I normally have one for breakfast , and my cravings are satisfied ! I love this cookie ! And I love the chocolate cookie , too . YUMMMMMM !
 tasty and filling on the go snack . Use for hiking & camping also keep some in the office
 My husband loves these cookies , he eats them most mornings and says they hold him over until lunch . Easy to grab and go and not full of alot of junk .
 I keep these on hand for the quick breakfast on the go or when my mornings are so hectic that I ca n't get breakfast made in time . We love this one , but the others flavors are good too .
 I have eaten Bakers Breakfast Cookies for quite some years now . They are very yummy and tasty too . They also keep you satisfied for quite a few hours before lunch . They are kind of spendy but very worth it ! I eat a Chocolate Chunk Raisin cookie every morning with a glass of milk ... Enjoy
 These cookies are just wonderful ! I 've eaten them for years and have lost tons of weight , even though they 're not a diet cookie . I just substitute one for my breakfast . They are loaded with fiber and satisfy you for hours . They 're great to have in an emergency when you ca n't or do n't have time to eat . I have n't had any flavor that I do n't like , but the chocolate chunk raisin is my favorite . At Christmas time , there 's a wonderful version with cherries in it . They 're even great warmed in the microwave for a few seconds . Just love these cookies !
 A good and filling midday snack . It is just a pity that they go so quickly !!
 My family loves these as a frozen dessert snack . They are chilly , chewy , chunky and a good balance of flavors . Chunks and raisins abundant .
 Chocolate Chunk Raisin is the second best of all the Erin Baker cookies I 've tried -LRB- the first is double chocolate chunk cherry but I 've been on the wait list for that one for a long time -RRB- . Like all the breakfast cookies , chocolate chunk raisin is nourishing and filling , starting the day with the cookie makes it easy to keep weight down . Well done , Erin .
 These are one of the few breakfast bars that actually fill me up and get me ready for the day until lunch . The flavors are outstanding , and the consistency is that of a home made cookie . All in all , a great start to the day .
 I first tried these cookies years ago and loved them . However , there was a problem with the nutritional information listed on the wrapper , and I learned that they were much higher in calories than I 'd thought . I stopped eating them and actually forgot all about them . Recently I was getting coffee at the local mall and they had the cookies for sale . I bought one and rediscovered how good they are . They 're moist & chewy , with large pieces of whatever fruit , nut or chocolate is in that particular flavor . They 're delicious right out of the wrapper or heated in the microwave for a few seconds . They 're pretty filling and definitely satisfy my craving for the occasional sweet . I can eat them without feeling like I indulged in empty calories . I have to say that my daughter does n't care for them at all -- she says they taste `` oat-y '' , like a horse treat ! I understand what she means , but I do n't mind what I think of as the ` organic flavor ' . I 've purchased 3 different flavors
 These cookies are a life saver in the morning ! I am busy chasing my toddler around as soon as her tiny feet hit the floor when she gets out of bed . I take one of these out of the freezer and pop it in the microwave for 30 seconds while I chop up fruit for Tiny 's breakfast . When she points at my breakfast asking for a bite , I feel good knowing these cookies are n't frankenfood and give her few pinches to share with her . They are a great way to start the day ; paired with a cup of coffee , a bit of fruit and a glass of water -- I am totally full until lunch.The chocolate chunk raisin flavor is great , plump raisins keep the cookie moist and the large chunks of chocolate are very good.These are such a deal at less than a buck a cookie with S&S ; on amazon ; the ingredients and consistant product quality make it money well spent .
 One of my favorite candies is rasinettes . This is the closest cookie I have found to that taste . It also has one of the best tasting chocolate tastes of any store bought cookie I have ever had . Add to that , they are invididually wrapped and a substantial size , this is a very good buy . Especially if you like soft cookies like I do . There is a good amount of rasins in the cookies , but they do not overwhelm at all the chocolate but compliment it.I know Erin also sells just a chocolate cookie . If it is the same used here , I would highly recoomend that as well if you are not particularly fond of rasins or raisins or do n't want them to get in the way of your chocolate .
 Wanted non chocolate malted for my mom . Found this and bought it for her . She is happy with the product .
 Horlicks is a wonderful product , basically a malt-based milk drink from Britian . It is now very had to obtain in the US but Amazon still carries it . I recommend it for a late night drink to unwind with . It has good flavor and is not too sweet .
 John West Herring in tomato sauce is one of the best products of this type I 've ever bought . I have been enjoying this for over 50 years and of all the brands I 've had , theirs ranks among the best . I 've been buying this brand for about two years and I would n't think of ordering another brand .
 I love John West products and these are also great although I find these specific herring a little on the sweet side for my liking .
 How nice to have milk on hand that wo n't be spoiled when you need it . I use milk for my instant breakfast drink , but often do n't have milk in the fridge . This product dissolves well even in ice water , and tastes like fresh dairy . I use it in cooking , too -- very yummy !
 I use this for backpacking , to have a good quality milk powder to add to my meal recipes and for instant milk . It reconstitutes extremely easily , adds to tea and coffee like a dream , and tastes great . I used to buy Milkman product , but this is ever so much better .
 Honestly , I think the other negative reviews here are n't fair . The product is described as desiccated coconut -LRB- also described as powdered coconut -RRB- , and that 's what it is . It 's a bit finer than what I can get back home but at least it 's dried . It 's proved impossible to find in the local shops around MA that are near me . With this I can make ANZAC biscuits , and they will be glorious .
 We ordered the coconut powder to create a dish for a catered wedding . We were very pleased with the quality of the product , the speed in which it arrived , and the value for the money!Thank you ! We got may referrals from the event !
 My wife buy 's this ` desiccated ' coconut -LRB- dried and finely shredded -RRB- for baking slices and cookies particularly ANZAC cookies , an Australian recipe ... It is an excellent product ! PLEASE read item description before buying this , it is NOT powdered coconut for coffee 's and curries etc I see poor ratings due to misunderstanding of what this product actually is .
 I bought this for making Lamingtons -LRB- an Australian dessert -RRB- , and it worked great . It 's a large amount for a very reasonable price . Will definitely purchase again .
 I use this to make coconut bon-bons . It 's perfect ! Has a nice consistency and good flavor . And the price is right !
 This ingredient is used in cooking in Australia and probably other parts of Asia , but not easily found in the U.S. Or at least not where I live . It adds a great taste to the sweets that I have made and it 's probably used in Asian cooking as well . I read that you can make it yourself out of unsweetened coconut , but this was just easier .
 My friends from India loved the quality and used in their Celebration feast of ONAM.They also used other spices I bought online from Amazon.I will use Amazon for spices now the quality is very HIGH and of coursethe price is great plus sometimes you can have free shipping .
 These hard candies are excellent - very tasty . They are sweetened with Splenda so are o.k. for diabetics like myself . The first bag I purchased had clear wrappers . When they were stored for a while the wrappers stuck to the candy and were hard to peel off . The second bag had the candies wrapped in a piece of foil before being wrapped in plastic . They were much easier to unwrap after being stored for a while . I gave them 4 stars rather than 5 because I feel that they are quite expensive for what you get .
 If and when you must eat crackers , these babies are the ultimate . Not just in taste , but the best for you that I can find . If you are looking to reduce your weight , I 'd stay away from grains period . Miltons make some of the healthiest grain products in the business - breads and crackers . The price is good here but falls a few cents short of free shipping , so ...
 -LSB- ... -RSB- These crackers are far superior to the other brand of big round crackers ! No trans-fats ! The Milton crackers come out of the package crisp and have a sweet nutty overtone that blends well with many different toppings . My family particularly likes them paired with gourmet cheeses or kipper snacks . The black sesame seeds give these crackers a distinctive appearance . The black and regular sesame seeds and poppy seeds are whole and may be a concern to those sensitive to seeds in their diets . For readers with allergies , please note these crackers contain wheat , soy , corn and sesame seeds . There are 130 mg of sodium and 70 calories in two crackers . While these wo n't replace crushed up saltines in my tomato soup , they are my first choice for about every other occasion .
 I was very upset to learn that the only supplier of this product I am aware of in my area no longer carries this product and has substituted a generic product of their own creation . It does not measure up to your product in taste , quality or content.Their cracker is dry , hard , bland and the roasted black seeds are as hard as non popped popcorn kernels . I very much like this cracker with or without toppings . I was very relieved to be able to go on line and discover that I could order them online . Lenora Crenshaw , Riverside , CA
 The Milton 's Multi-Grain cracker is an extremely tasty and useful cracker . Full of flavor , I like it with spreads or straight up as a snack . It also appears to be relatively `` healthy '' for you .
 There are different levels of balsamic vinegar . The `` tradizionale '' is consortium-approved and is generally over $ 100 for a four to five ounces and could be over $ 500 for a tiny amount . The next level is the `` condimento balsamico '' which is not consortium approved , but is about half the price or less than the previous type . The last level is `` Aceto Balsamico di Modena '' , which can be really bad and there are no controls over what goes into it -LRB- artificial coloring , etc. -RRB- . That being said , Fondo Carrate vinegar is producted from grapes grown without the use of pesticides or herbicides of any kind . Organically grown and produced exclusively from ancient D.O.C. Lambrusco varieties of the Mastri , Salamino and Sorbara grapes . It is 12 years old and aged in oak . Very smooth , sweet , but tangy . It really is a fine vinegar , especially for the price . You can get it for a bit less than $ 32 from other distributors , but I 'm not sure how the shipping compares . Check around -- it 's definitely worth finding a supplier for this stuff .
 I found this vinegar over 10 years ago and was immediately addicted . Smooth , well-rounded with no bitter taste . I use to be able to purchase it in the local stores but now I can only get it through the internet . I have tried more expensive vinegars and less expensive vinegars and always come back to this . I have always been at a loss to understand why it is not more popular .
 I have been using this balsamic vinegar for quite a few years . Nothing else compares to this vinegar that you can buy at the grocery stores . Worth the price .
 i make my own salad dressings . my balsalmic dressing has never been better . the reason is elsa 's balsamic vinegar , 12 year old . absolutely delicious . a must try . i purchased this item at amazon.com .
 We found these at Whole Foods and went through the bags quickly -- everyone in the family loves them . Great taste without the artificial ingredients and high fructose corn syrup . While the stock at Whole Foods is very unpredictable , a case of these is the answer !
 The title of this review says it all . We ordered a box of these cookies because we love these cookies so much and our local health food store does n't reliably stock them . With 12 bags , we 're good for a while . These cookies are the perfect balance of chocolate and sweetness . Not too much sweetness , but they definitely satisfy my sweet tooth . They are a pleasure without the guilt .
 This is a great snack for someone that wants chocolate but also wants to avoid artificial ingredients . Very tasty . The vanilla animal crackers , however , are not tasty .
 I bought these as a gift . My friend loved them . In fact , she is going to buy them herself . I tasted them . They are just like the old fashioned jelly beans . They are worth the price . In fact , I also bought a nice candy jar to put them in . It made for an attractive and well loved Christmas gift .
 I first tasted Gin Gins when I was leaving a restaurant in Manhattan and took a few to go . They were refreshing and seemed to settle my stomach after the big meal I had just eaten . The next time a friend said she was going to that same restaurant , I asked her to bring me some . After that I had to have them so I went on Amazon . Gin Gins are delicious with just the right amount of ginger taste-not too overwhelming , but very soothing . Try them !
 This candy is delicious . Not at all medicine-y tasting like I expected . It 's just the right thing to pick me up in the afternoons when I 'm starting to droop .
 These work great in reducing nausea for my pregnant wife . Much better than preggie pops . These also taste good . I would buy again .
 This is the best natural product to keep on hand . It helps with almost all tummy issues and heartburn . I make sure to never run out !
 On a recent ferry ride , the crew handed out Gin Gins to help passengers with motion sickness . I was n't sick , but I took one anyway and have been looking for them in stores ever since ! Finally I found them on Amazon and just ordered them here . I only just received my order today and I ca n't stop sucking on them . I have yet to use them on an upset stomach , so I ca n't attest as to how well they work for that , but just as a candy they 're addicting and delicious ! Shortly after the ferry trip , when I could n't find them in stores , I got some crystallized ginger -LRB- not by The Ginger People , -RRB- thinking it would be about the same thing . It definitely was n't . It only served to inform me that I actually do n't like straight ginger much at all ; it 's way too strong for my taste . But this candy has the perfect amount of sweetness , and yet still the warm punch of ginger that makes it perfect . Delicious !
 I really like the taste of this candy , just the right amount of ginger.I have to take a fair amount of medicine in the morning after I eat breakfast . I find at different times , I will become nause or get an upset stomach from the medicine . Gin.Gins candy really stoothes my stomach and makes it feel better . I even use this candy as a breath mint , when out and about I take along some of this candy in my purse to refresh my breath .
 My 7-year-old gets carsick , and we 've started using both these and wristbands on twisty rides , and it seems to be helping . Do n't know if it 's the bands or the gin-gins , but it 's working so we 're sticking with it .
 This will quell any nausea you may encounter from motion sickness . I used it along with marezine and ginger root pills and had great results .
 We suffered from motion sickness when we travel . GinGin helps alleviate the nausea sensations with a natural product .
 I really enjoyed this product ... as one who really suffered from morning sickness , I found to my delight that these treats also provided great relief when I needed it !
 I first discovered the Ginger people Christmas of 2005 . A friend picked up a bottle of Ginger Peanut Sauce from T.J. Max , as they knew I liked ginger . I cooked with it , making things like Asian snap peas , which my friends started requesting at pot luck get togethers . -LRB- They thought I spent hours making them -RRB- Sadly my bottle was running out . I looked on line to try to find more and ran across the Ginger People 's website . I ordered a half a case of the Ginger Peanut sauce , and decided to try a couple of their other sauces . -LRB- All of which are excellent by the way -RRB- The website offered `` ginger chews '' which I 'd bought before from Trader Joe 's under Trader Joe 's branding . So I ordered a couple of bags of those as I knew I liked them.By having my order reach a certain amount , the shipping was greatly reduced.Being short of the amount , I decided to try the Gin-Gins , even though I 'm not a hard candy kind of guy.A few months later , I was glad I did , however , as one of my new medications gave me dry mouth during the afternoon and when I talked a lot . I was able to put a Gin-Gin in my mouth which kept me from having dry mouth or having to chew on a Ginger Chew during meetings.I recently had another new med introduced , which has a side effect of nausea , the ginger chew helps calm that down , but is n't always convenient , like at meetings , socializing , or other types of interactions with others . Gin-Gins to the rescue again.If you 're prone to having an upset stomach , I ca n't think of too many , if any better way to settle that stomach down than a true ginger based product . Gin-Gins are the perfect all around , right in any setting answer.When taking one out of my pocket , friends , co-workers , or clients , have asked to have one . I 've yet to get anything put positive responses for Gin-Gins taste . So for anyone who just likes hard candy , Gin-Gins sure seem a winner with everyone I 've shared with.Try them , -LRB- and other fine selections from the Ginger People -RRB- you wo n't be disappointed .
 I 'm pregnant with my second baby and my friend sent me a bag of the Gin Gins hard candy as a gift . I was hesitant to try them , especially as my stomach was turning . But I did , and I 'm SO glad I did ! They worked almost instantly to settle my stomach and the nausea completely disappeared ! WONDERFUL ! I 'm going to invest in cases of these for the next three months !!!
 My mom gave me these ginger candies during my first trimester when I was pregnant with my second baby and I liked them . The taste was pleasant and although they never totally quelled the nausea , they seemed to at least take the edge off the nausea . And on the times they did n't seem to help , they at least took that horrible pregnancy taste out of my mouth . -LRB- Yuck ! -RRB- I would recommend at least trying them for morning sickness ; if it 's bad like mine was , try anything you can !
 I am a new lover of Gin Gins hard candy !! I am newly pregnant -LRB- 7 weeks -RRB- and the morning sickness , which for me is all-day sickness , began a few days ago . I feel aweful , AWEFUL . As soon as I found out I was pregnant I stocked up on anything that might help with the impending nausea - PsiBands , Preggie Pops , Ginger tea , Gin Gins . The PsiBands do n't seem to work for me but the ginger candy is AMAZING . -LRB- The Preggie Pops work pretty well too . -RRB- I feel almost normal while I 'm sucking on it . I do n't know how or why but , seriously , after about 30 seconds of popping a ginger candy in my mouth I feel SO much better . I 'm probably going to destroy my teeth by sucking on candy all day but for now it is definitly worth the relief . Thank you to everyone who rated these highly and convinced me to try them !! -LRB- My only complaint is that the candies are a little small and so seem to go fast . -RRB-
 I bought these for my wife after she was diagnosed with Gastroparesis , after eating various feeds GP causes her to feel mildly nauseated , after eating she pops one of these in her mouth and they actually work well with settling her stomach - she also takes then on trips when driving now and found they help with motion sickness as well .
 We love Gin-Gins ! We eat them all the time . It took a while for my kids to like them but now they love them . They work great for my daughter 's motion sickness . She is good at getting that in the car and has pretty much `` broke in '' every vehicle we have had . Took them with us on our trip to Colorado and guess what ? No upset stomachs from the curvy roads ! I do n't consider the ginger ale you buy at Walmart real ginger . If you want real ginger eat Gin-Gins !
 I found this product when I looked through a search engine to find natural ginger . I was taking a medication , that made me very sick to my stomache . Because of all the other medications I was on , my doctor was reluctant to give me another medication to address this side effect , so he suggested natural ginger . The first product I found was in a super market and it was ginger pieces that I would hold in my mouth , it worked ok , but one day I was in a super market and found some all natural ginger candy and that was great . I looked for it again to no avail . When I found these online , I was thrilled , but I was even happier when they arrived !!!! I would highly recommend these to anyone who is pregnant , or going through cancer treatments , motion sickness and of course side effects from medications . They are inexpensive and worth a million !!
 Originally bought these for nausea , but find myself eating them for pleasure . I love the little hit of ginger . I would not call it overly gingery and they are definitely sweet enough . I prefer the hard candy to the chews . These are really yummy .
 If you like the taste of ginger , this is about as much flavor as you can get for 11 calories . Very tasty and a little goes a long way .
 I bought the ginger chews at the market a few months before trying these hard candies , and I was expecting the same potency . The chews really have a burn to them when you eat them . These hard candies are much more mild . I like both , but for something you can actually enjoy for a few minutes , these are great . Wish they were perhaps a LITTLE more potent though .
 Okay , I know this review might seem a bit premature , since I only received this product yesterday , but WOW ! I am 61/2 weeks pregnant and have been having horrible , all-day morning sickness for about a week . The minute I received these yesterday afternoon , I popped one in my mouth , and by the time I had finished sucking on it my nausea was 100 times better ! Last night I was actually able to eat a real meal ! This morning , I popped one in as soon as I woke up , and was able to eat a real warm breakfast -LRB- my nausea has been so bad I have seriously been limited to saltines and plain bread -RRB- . I know every pregnancy is different , but if you are suffering from nausea and vomiting like I was , you owe it to yourself to give these a try !
 These are soooo good , warm and refreshing . Originally my friend sent them as a gift and I ca n't resist them and bought more . The packages are about the size of a bag of cough drops , but so much better . The delivery was a few days faster than anticipated so I was very happy . I keep going back . If I could find them in a store I would , but I do n't mind , it 's a good price and I ca n't drive so I like the delivery and very prompt .
 These candies are warm and spicy . Also they do help to settle an upset stomach . Though they are a little pricey , they can be worth it if you are traveling .
 These candies are spicy like cinnimon , but of course do n't taste like cinnimon . Not quite as intense as a spicy cinnimon candy either . I got them because I am pregnant and experiencing nausea . They do take the edge off ! One thing that bummed me out was I found 2 wrappers that were sealed up with no candy inside . Other than that , they are ok . Not something I would eat all the time , but it does help take the edge off my nausea . I would reccommend to other pregnant women !
 I do n't like the flavor of ginger but these candy are good . did n't helped with the nausea but they taste good .
 These are very tasty . I got them for nausea from my migraines . They did not help for that reason . I am not sure if they would help for any other nausea or not
 I usually get this ginger hard candy from &#34; Down to Earth &#34; store but they were out of it for over a month . Decided to order it from Amazon . I use it especially when I feel a cold coming on or coughing . It really soothes the throat and clears up congestion . I prefer the hard candy over the chews although the chews are good too . It also helps when your throat is dry . It 's worth it with the free shipping .
 Yum ! I am a ginger fan , and The Ginger People have yet to disappoint with their products . It 's great that Amazon is offering these now , so that I can restock my desk without battling traffic to get to a specialty store . These flavorful hard candies are a great afternoon pick-me-up that satisfy my need to nosh with a single candy - better than the super sugary candies that make you want chew through a whole bag . Also , the individual packaging is convenient for slipping one into my pocket for a long meeting !
 I buy these in large quantities for my friend going through chemo treatment . they said it really helps settle their stomach .
 I bought these for morning sickness . Not a magical cure , but they were helpful . I would recommend these for this purpose .
 I had the worst morning sickness in my 1st trimester ! I took some advice and ordered Ginger candy and it worked like a charm ! I was still in school and working and I never had to call in due to sickness because of these babies ! I recommend them to all my pregnant friends , and they all agree . Its also an awesome alternative to tums when you have to take something for a belly ache . I still eat these when I 'm ill . Great buy !
 I originally bought GinGins when I was pregnant to help stave off boughts of nausea , and they really work ! I keep them by my bed so if I wake up nauseous , I can pop one in my mouth before I sit up . However , they continued to be a go to for motion sickness and colds . They 're great melted in hot tea when you 're congested . Now , we always have some in the house !
 Great for upset stomach . Although I found them at my local World Market so I wo n't be ordering them online again .
 Milton 's Multi-Grain Crackers , Original Flavor , 10-Ounce Boxes -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB- These are the best crackers I have ever tried . I use them exclusively , both for entertaining and personal use .
 These crackers are very good but they were in a lot of crumbles when received . I would buy more .
 This is a healthy and very tasty cracker . Fancy enough for guests . The product arrives fresh and not a single cracker broke during shipping . The salt content is just right and the sesame seeds give it a nice nutty flavor . I dislike crackers that are sweet or have added spices like onion powder , and this one does not .
 I am so glad to see that I can purchase Milton 's Whole Wheat Crackers online here at Amazon ! We found these crackers at our local grocery store about 3 weeks ago and all 3 family members raved about the taste and quality of this product . To my dismay , when I returned to the store to purchase more I found that they will no longer carry this item . These crackers far surpass any cracker I have ever eaten . Full of flavor , large in size and completely satisfying ! Milton 's will soon be the ONLY cracker found in my home !
 I have run into more than my share of problems when attempting to purchase John West kippers in a store -- at least on this side of the pond . Now Amazon.com , always thinking of my health , has made it easy for me to obtain the kippers on line . You can set up a monthly delivery arrangment with Amazon.com and your kippers will arive at your door every thirty days with the costs charged to your credit card . What could be easier ? Plus these heart healthy items are shipped free !
 Having tried at least 1/2doz varieties of canned kippers my opinion favors JW & Apfel brands above the rest ... Paul S
 While I would n't touch these with a ten foot pole , my lovely wife loves them and so I have hunted and hunted for the John West Kippers ! I bought a case of them for her to eat while I 'm NOT AT HOME and she loves me for it !
 Please have another sale of John West kippers . They were fantastic and I will stock up next time Amazon has this offer . I only bought one case and regret not having bought more at the sale price .
 My sister 's mother in law introduced us to these . Her husband is Scottish and she said these were the closest you could get here in the states to what they taste like over there . She warmed them up in the oven and oh my goodness they are decadent.I ca n't give a summary of the taste except to say that there is a start point of you need to like canned fish because that is what they are . But the flavor and the depth of flavor is phenomenal and the fish itself is much more delicate in flavor and texture than tuna is -LRB- not that they are anything like tuna , but it 's the only other canned fish I 'd previously eaten -RRB- . They were great just out of the can cold , but better heated up -LRB- a minute or two in the microwave , ten or so in the oven -RRB- . They were tasty on their own or on bagels . Apparently they are considered a breakfast food over there so that 's when we had them.One can will serve three people but once you 've tasted them you wo n't want to share .
 The John West kippers in sunflower met my requirements for a well flavored and firm kipper that does not fall apart on my fork . The can was easy to open and the quality of the fish was excellent . The smoked flavor was right on target and I can think of nothing negative to say except that it was hard to not open a second can and keep on eating ! The sunflower oil packing serves the kipper well and is a healthier choice than some other packings . It did not create an oily fish , which I had feared . I will continue my subscribe & save subscription and order again regularly ! The price was excellent for this larger can size and the free shipping and handling through subscribe & save is attractive !
 Great flavor , great texture and a good size can ! They are great just out of the can , heated or cut up and put on crackers . They wo n't fall apart like some of the other brands I have tried and the Omega-3 and Sunflower oil are good for you . I was a lifelong King Oscar fan but these put them to shame .
 I grew up in England eating kippers and if fresh ones were unavailable , John West was the thing to have.These days I reside in the USA ; I have tried several different brands -LRB- as I found them in local stores -RRB- , that heralded from all over the world ; but NOTHING comes close to John West Kippers.John West has such consistently high quality standards and the product is flavorful and falls apart in the mouth , a culinary delight.I was SO pleased when I found them on Amazon !
 For those who love herring you wo n't find a better product . I remember eating kippers as a child and loving them , grocery stores have a limited selection and higher prices . These are much better than I remembered . Absolutely fantastic and good for you . Inexpensive source of omega-3 and the fish are renewable !!! I am so glad I found them here . .
 I tried the kippers because someone had made me a gift of a can of their sardines . They tasted so fresh I took a chance and bought a case of the kippers . I 'm delighted with them , and will give at least one can as a gift to an Anglophile friend .
 This is a nutritious breakfast and we take them out of the can , bake them for 10 minutes , in Lemon , Tabasco sauce , and Worchestershire sauce . Serve with toast and or eggs .
 I always thought kipper snacks were alright but never loved them until I triedJohn West Kippers in Sunflower Oil , 6.70-Ounce Cans -LRB- Pack of 10 -RRB- . These are BY FAR the best I 've ever had which is why I started ordering them on Amazon when the local supermarket stopped carrying them .
 Based on several of the very positive reviews , I splurged and tried an order . Excellent kippers ! Evenly smoked and seasoned ; not too salty ; and pleasantly oiled . The sunflower oil emptied from the tin and displayed freshness and tasted perfect . Comparing this to the much cheaper selections is typical ... you get what you pay for . While John West kippers are more expensive per ounce compared to some others , the product is a full magnitude fresher tasting and worth repeated eating ! The other kipper choices tried will be given to deserving pets and unwanted guests ! Many stars for John West Kippers !
 Sometimes , there are things in life you just cant give up just because one has moved to another country . This is one dish that is near and dear to me . Just add your own green peas and pre-cooked carrots thrown in the mix with the meat , put doblops of mash and dinner is 30 minutes away once placed in the oven . The taste is awesome and authentic . I just so pleased to find this mix on amazon - great value compared to the loose packages . It works well with minced turkey meat too .
 I was a bit skeptical about a packet mix , but was very impressed with the end product.Honestly , it is better than my own home made - and that 's pretty good !
 This quick and easy shepherds pie mix is very British and very very good . We 've made it using ground beef and using chopped left over roast beef - both were excellent . Add some frozen mixed veg and instant mashed potatoes and it is a perfect fast weak night meal .
 I was shocked to see Amazon 's price for this item ! Amazon definitely has the cheapest price on Enfamil LIPIL -LRB- 38 ounces -RRB- and with the free shipping , delivered right to the door , you just ca n't beat it !!!!
 I was very pleased to find this formula on Amazon . Not only was it less expensive than Sam 's Club , but it shipped free ! I 've always been very pleased with the speed of the free shipping too .
 SUPER SAVER SHIPPING IS FAST AND FREE ! AND YOU CAN NOT GET THIS CHEAPER IN A STORE WERE I AM IN CALIFORNIA
 I 've been buying this product and Pampers for my grandson for 9 months ... wonderful service from Amazon.com !
 I am very pleased with Enfamil Lipil with Iron . I am also very pleased to find it at a reasonable price on Amazon.com . Leaving in NYC where everything is expensive , I ca n't find it at this price anywhere . Plus they deliver it to my door for free .
 I have searched this size of container elsewhere on the internet but could not find it for this price . Although i noticed that amazon increased the price by $ 1 within a month still it is cheaper compared to other sites.Would recommend it for your little one .
 This is a great product . I love the 38 oz size container because it is difficult to find in stores .
 Why did the price go up ? It was a great deal for us to order from Amazon since we have twins .
 Just wanted everyone to keep that in mind when comparing prices with Sams/Costco etc. .
 This is a great product ! My 4 year old daughter was actually on this formula before it came on the market . She was part of the research study done to test this product by a major medical university . They tested so many things on her including bone density , brain activity , eye sight , body fat , etc. so I know they were interested in how good this formual was . Also , because the formual was so good , it was taken to the market earlier than anticipated because babies did so well on it.A side note , my 7 month old participated in a new Enfamil lipil study as they are testing to see if they change the percentage of fat if the babies will absorb more calcium .
 This is the best price on formula I have found . With free delivery , it keeps me from buying all of the extras that I would if I went to Sam 's . When I open my last can , I automatically just go to Amazon and order 2 more and before I finish the last can my new ones arrive .
 cheapest place i 've found so far ... good product , arrives in good shape with expiration dates in late ' 06 .
 Supply is gone ? How about replenishing this item ! BJ 's whole sales sells this for $ 28.00 and has it all the time .
 Enfamil sells for more in supermarkets and it 's usually a smaller can .
 The price and quantity make this a great purchase , especially with the free shipping ! No more harried trips to the store because I need formula . The only downside is that Amazon does not accept coupons . However , at this point , I have used all of mine up and have n't gotten any in a while , so it does n't matter for me anyway .
 This is an outstanding purchase at this low price . It came quickly and in great condition .
 I originally had to travel to Sam 's Club to get the big 38 ounce Enfamil w / Iron formula . With the 100 mile round-trip to eat and visit Sam 's club , it was somewhat of a hassle . When I discovered I could purchase the same product for cheaper on Amazon , I was thrilled . I will also add that the free super saver shipping normally gets the product to me in less than a week !
 I , too , loved this item . 38 ounces at a lower price than Sam 's or Costco , no sales tax , and free shipping over $ 25 . My past orders even arrived days before projected in perfect condition -LRB- no damage to containers during shipping -RRB- . Is this item temporarily out of stock -LRB- it has been about 11/2 months -RRB- or is this discontinued ??? Would love to know if ordering from Amazon is a future option.Come back !!!
 Tired of having your enfamil lipil with iron , milk-based infant formula powder just the same old boring ways ? Well , here are some dishes that will add a little spice to that tired old powder : Nutmeg and Chipotle Chicken Strips with Enfamil Lipil with Iron , Milk-based PotatoesCajun Roasted Mahi-Mahi with Fennel , Chives , and Enfamil Lipil with Iron , Milk-based Formula PowderEnfamil Lipil with Iron , Milk-based Formula-marinated Flank SteakFruit Salad with Cranberries , Enfamil Lipil with Iron , Milk-based Dressing , Walnuts and Feta Cheese .
 I love purchasing this item on Amazon . It 's the same price as Sam 's Club , plus they deliver it free to your house ! A major plus ... I do n't have to schlep a huge box around town with a baby ! Please restock ASAP ! Us mommies need this great deal !
 This is the best price around for this formula and Amazon 's customer service is VERY helpful . I had 2 cans crushed in shipment and Amazon replaced them with no hassles . The ONLY negative is that Amazon raised the price by $ 2 Why ? it 's a discontiued product .
 Amazon is the ONLY place I can find this formula is this amazing , cost-saving size . This is a great price for Enfamil Lipil formula , especially when combined with the free shipping Amazon offers . Since this is the only formula my baby will drink , I take advantage of this offer often . With the larger can , it lasts longer and you do n't have to order so many at once . Also you do n't have a ton of small cans to store . Great !
 The item is very good and so cheap .
 This is the best value I 've found so far for Enfamil . The containers are really large so you do n't have to order too many at a time . Plan ahead though . If you use super saver shipping it usually takes about 10 days .
 My little girl has been on this formula since she was born . It has done a marvelous job of keeping her healthy and letting her grow strong . She 's just perfect ! Amazon definitely has the cheapest price on the formula -LRB- 38 ounces -RRB- and with the free shipping , it 's a good value . It 's nice getting her food delivered right to the door .
 No longer having to shop and carry this home I bought 10 cans because it was such the deal !!!! !!!!!!!!
 Have shopped the warehouse clubs and can not beat Amazon 's price . Great value for the money .
 I usually buy my formula @ Walmart . I hate driving anywhere with my 5 mth old boy so ordering online is a relief plus I 've been searching for the cheapest enfamil . So far amazon.com is my choice . The free shipping justifies ordering online . Thanks .
 I bought these for a friend who has severe diet restrictions . I wish there were more flavors available !
 I am on a low-sodium/sodium restricted diet for something called Meniere 's Disease . As a result I have to keep my sodium under 2000mg a day , although I find it 's best if I keep it between 1200 and 1800 a day , trying to hit about 1500 . Most the time when I look for soup at the store , it 's reduced sodium -LRB- meaning it 's NOT low-sodium , but has less than the original version...low-sodium products always have to be 140mg or less -RRB- . This is an actual low sodium product.While many of the reduced-sodium soups are 400-600mg a serving , a serving is not always a whole can.What I like about this is that it 's 140mg for a whole 10.75 oz can . The other thing I like is that it has a lot of FLAVOR.Also , this price is pretty good . When my Target has it , that 's when it actually has it , it is under $ 2 , but my local grocery store , where I normally buy it , is over $ 2 . I 've tried several low-sodium broths before , and none of them had flavor , or at least not a good one , and are only good when used as an ingredient , and not as a soup . This actual tastes like the chicken soup my mom used to make when I was a kid , and can no longer have.In my opinion , just the right amount of chicken chunks , noodles , and veggies.If you want to kick up the flavor some more , you can add a little pepper or parsley ... or even a pinch of sodium-free bouillon , such asWyler 's Instant Bouillon , Sodium Free Chicken , 2.62-Ounce Units -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB- or Herb-Ox Chicken Instant Broth & Seasoning , Sodium Free , 8-Count Packets -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB- . The Herb-Ox is a bit more expensive , but if you make anything that it 's the main flavoring , it 's worth the extra cost . As a side-note , both also make sodium-free beef bouillons . I use both the beef and chicken to make mashed potatoes , gravies , roasts ... anything that needs that something extra.My real recommedation with this soup though , is to try it before you tweak it . As I said , it has a LOT of FLAVOR already , and odds are you wo n't want to add anything.Just in case you want to know the full-nutrition , here it is : Nutrition Facts ** Amount Per Serving -LRB- serving size -RRB- = 1 canCalories 160Total Fat 4.5 gSat . Fat 1.5 gCholesterol 30mgSodium 140mgTotal Carb . 17gDietary Fiber 2gSugars 4gProtein 12g % Daily ValuesVitamin A 30 % Vitamin C 0 % Calcium 2 % Iron 6 %
 I ordered a case of 12 soups , and six if them were dented . I got a refund so Im OK with it , but it was disappointing . The soup itself is quite good if you add some stuff to it like dill , a little salt and pepper .
 John West brand sardines & herring are tasty and excellent quality . The Skippers -LRB- 2 layer sardines packed in safflower oil -RRB- are tasty . If you compare the Skippers to King Oscar 2-layer in olive oil , this may be a tie score and dependent on your tastes and uses . I like the King Oscar version a touch better . Neither the JW or KO sardines are cheap but the quality and flavor are worth the cost , imho .
 Wow ! The tea is actually good , in contrast with the bland Bigelow and Twinings English Breakfast teas . Tin is adorable ; I plan to refill it with some other selections from this importer before buying another stash of Ahmad Tea . Great gift .
 This is to replace a larger one I had stolen - it was nice to find something this similar online-I really missed my old bank !
 Incredible vanilla fudge that melts in your mouth . Perfect for any vanilla or white chocolate lover ... order yours today !
 This is the MOST wonderful damson preserve I have tasted since my grandmother made it at home -LRB- east coast USA -RRB- in the early 1970 's . Treat yourself to this gorgeous , deep ruby preserve and let the delight soak through you ! Put it on toast or a warm biscuit with butter , and be transported to taste bud heaven and good , simple times past all at once . Thank you , Wilkin & Sons , for making a memory turn into a lovely reality for me .
 I love Damson Plum jams , preserves , all - used to be home made by my grandmother - and could n't find it anywhere . This is wonderful .
 This Pecan Crickle is one of the best that I have ever tasted . I look forward to tasting the other flavors that The Crickle Company has to offer . What a delitefull Southern candy treat . The product was not only delicious , but arrived promptly to my doorstep without a hitch.I highly recomend all of the flavors that The Crickle Company has to offer , but hold the Pecan Crickle as close to my heart as the others.I would recomend that you get one of the assortment packages to determine what Brittle is best for you.A + + +
 I have tried many kinds of bread flours , and on a gut instinct read the one review and thought , I need to try it . I make an authentic long pre-ferment San Fran sourdough , which has no added yeast . I do believe this flour yields a good strong gluten , enabling the natural sourdough to do its thing . The crust is just perfect , and what big loaves I get !!! And the most delicious perfect sourdough flavor ever . I know alot about bread baking and have studied it a lot , and still I know very little . I do know this flour is different , and am very pleased with the results . You will need a new garbage can with a good lid as this is a LOT of flour .
 I 'm nearly finished using my first 50 lb bag of Honeyville Artisan Flour , and am ordering a second . Before ordering , I contacted their customer service person , who took time to answer my questions about flour processing and content.My sourdough thrives on this flour ; the dough is easy to knead and form , with just the right % of gluten and malt , plus the added bonus of no bleach!Just out of the oven , I can hear the caramel brown crust crackling - just like it should . The crust is crunchy and chewy ; the bread is moist and full of bubbles - a difficult combination to achieve.I make 5 or 6 loaves of Austrian sourdough bread a week , enough to eat and plenty to share . Friends and neighbors say these loaves are sooo delish . Leftover slices make wonderful French Toast.The lower shipping costs make my hubby happy .
 this is the finest hearth bread flour I have found over the years . The results are consistent and good . The other nice bonus with these guys is they charge $ 3.00 for shipping rather than the normal awful rates for a 50 lb bag of flour . Price is reasonable for the quality
 This product is amazing ! Thank you Honeyville for this magnificent flour . I 've finally found what I was looking for in my breads -- this absolutely makes a huge difference . The look , the taste , the crust - everything comes out as intended . If I ever open my own bakery I know who I will be ordering my flour from.When compared to other flours , even the KA brand -LRB- * bread makers will know who I 'm talking about * -RRB- , this flour is miles apart from competition . Gluten strands develop quickly due to higher protein % , the dough comes out creamy and easy to deal with.This dough is perfect for baking artisan loafs , making your own pizza and spaghetti . Now , if you are looking to bake cakes with it , do n't even try . You 'd have to find a more appropriate flour type for the task.I 'm very pleased with the delivery too . It was delivered within couple of days , the sack was packaged in a box and came undamaged . The shipping charge is also quite unusual for the weight of the package . Please keep it this way though . Again , I 'm very pleased with the product . Will be coming back for more . And as others have already stated , espacially if you bake often , 50Lbs is not as much as you think but should last you quite a while .
 The 50 lbs bag arrived in just a few days . . $ 4.95 shipping is unbeatable . I bagged it n 1 gallon plastic bags and packed them into a large lard can to keep fresh . . the container is now in our root cellar . For my first loaf I tried a basic French Bread recipe that includes beaten egg whites added to the water . . no oil . . just flour , sugar , yeast , water , salt . . and , from 1lb 4 oz of flour I produced the most awesome , seriously authentic French style baguettes -LRB- x2 -RRB- that I have EVER made ! I have no idea what makes this unbleached flour so special , but I 'm not looking back !
 I love this flour for European style artisan bread . Makes excellent baguettes , and other crusty breads . Allow a mixture of flour/yeast and water to ferment for 24 hours and you can be a European style baker too !
 I bought this so I would have plenty as I learned to make bread . It worked out great for bread . I 've also used it in gravy and it was great.I 'm moving onto pizza and biscuits next and expect good results after a few trial and errors.Great Deal !!!
 This is great for the out of town Christmas guest . They do n't have to make room in the car with big gifts they come in a nice box and they taste great to .
 I absolutely , one hundred percent , without a doubt , unblinkingly love this 50 pound bag of flour ! Easy storage and great for those bigger projects !
 The flour was good , but because of the weight -LRB- 50 lbs -RRB- they could have done a better job in taping the box shut . The box was banged up a bit , only one strip of tape was used .
 When I initially received my order I was so disappointed . I received a box full of glob . The jar had broken and the chutney spilled everywhere . I immediately sent an email . The merchant apoligized for my inconvenience and resent the order without hesitation or questions . This was definitely someone specialized in cutomer satisfaction . Yes , I would definitely do business with them again !
 This is the bigger badder brother of regular tomato soup . And Campbell 's is the best brand of tomato bisque I 've ever had . I like it because it 's creamy , sharp , sweet and has chunks of tomato in it . I do n't know what else to say except that I 've had this ever since I was a kid and it tastes really great . If you want to dress it up you can add some cognac or croutons in it , but other than that , it 's great as is .
 Not `` just ordinary Campbell 's . '' Too much salt , of course , and improved by a blob of sour cream , but better than the `` premium '' brands .
 When I want something quick I heat this soup and enjoy . I like it better than Campbell 's plain tomato soup because it contains sugar not high fructose corn syrup . I never get tired of it .
 Very happy and will place another order before we run out of the campbells tomato bisque . Thank you very much . Bonnie
 It has been impossible to locate Campbells Tomato Bisque soup in the area markets . Thought I would give Amazon a shot . Was able to easily locate it on Amazon , order and have it shipped . Received it within the normal delivery window . The cost of the product was about the same as I would pay in a local market . Glad to be able to have this particular product because it is an integral part of an old family recipe .
 Love this soup in the fall with a grilled cheese sandwich . It 's a quickie supper but oh so good . I serve it the rest of the year with lighter fare . I do add 1 % or 2 % milk instead of water as I believe it makes a richer , tastier product .
 have always trusted campbell products and was very happy with this order have used two cans so far one as a bowl of soup i did ad some cooked small pasta to it i like it that way will buy again
 WOW !! was my reaction when I tried these for the first time . . If you 're looking for a premium coffee pod to use in your Senseo coffee machine this is the one to get . These pods work perfectly in the Senseo and they produce a very rich & smooth cup of Kona coffee with almost no acidity ... If you want the best this is it !!
 These kona pods are the highest quality pods that I have found yet . I love kona coffee so I was extremely pleased to find these pods . They certainly cost a little more than other cheap pods but it 's worth it especially when you consider what you pay for a cup of coffee at retail . Now I have the best coffee in the world at home for less ...
 It 's simple . Your coffee maker should cost more than the coffee that goes in it . The Bunn coffee maker coupled with the Kona pod is heaven . Read the reviews , pry open the wallets and get a maker that is worthy of such great pods ! Otherwise , go ahead a stay with Folgers pods . A real coffee maker will make you a coffee snob too !
 After reading many of the reviews I think I have figured out the problem . You guys have the wrong POD brewer . I have a BUNN and tried various different pods with it . The Aloha Island pods are the best of the lot . I have been in search of a good cup of coffee for years . The answer is a BUNN and the Aloha dark roast Pods . I bought two el-cheapo pod brewers including black and decker and senseo . I could n't get a good cup of coffee even with the Aloha pods . Once I ditched the cheap pod brewer and spent the $ 200.00 on the BUNN , all my troubles were over . You guys will never be happy until you get a good pod brewer .
 After reading the reviews , I was hesitant . However , I 've gotten a perfect cup every time so far with my Senseo.The coffee is very good , but it has fallen a little short of my expectations . I 've previously brought Kona back from my Hawaiian vacations and ground it myself . The pod coffee is not quite as good as fresh ground.UPDATE
 This coffee is great ! The Senseo machine can be difficult to use as far as getting pods into it correctly . I am not sure what has happened to the people reporting `` steam locks '' but I have had issues when : - the pod is not inserted properly - the pod holder is not seated correctly within the machine - the pod is not prepared for insertion properlyMy issues were varied , but basically consisted of hot water coming out of the sides of the coffee maker and no coffee would be brewed , and the pod would have to be discarded . This happened to me with Senseo pods , and probably would have happened with the Aloha Island pods except that I learned how to deal with the machine.Also in some of these cases the lid to the coffee maker would be stuck , -LRB- possibly the dreaded `` steam lock '' -RRB- , but I was always able to open the machine after a minute or so of wiggling the lock/release handle on the machine , which I would think most people would do automatically when the machine does n't open.By properly preparing the pod for insertion I am able to use single pods for the Melitta One in my Senseo as well as the Aloha Island pods and of course the Senseo pods . If you do n't put it in just right , you will have problems . The key is to spread the coffee equally around within the Pod before inserting it into the machine . Do this by wiggling the pod around a bit -LRB- take about 5 seconds -RRB- . The helpful instructions with the Aloha Island pods say to `` break up the coffee '' within the pod before using , which has the same effect . It took me five months to figure this out while using the Senseo pods , especially when brewing two cups . I wish Senseo would have included a little note like Aloha Island did.During shipping the coffee can settle or collect within the pod , either on a side -LRB- s -RRB- or even in the middle . This changes the thickness of the pod , ever so slightly , and the machines tolerance for different thickness pods appears to be extremely low!So smooth out your pods and enjoy , I think that any problems you have with pods are really problems with the design of the machine , not the pods themselves .
 As a bachelor who frequently must grab a cup of joe at home and run , i was reluctant to waste coffee in my Braun drip machine , and disinclined to clean up after the French Press method . A New York Times article convinced me that a Pod system would be the way to go , and i found the Philips Senseo machine to be the best at the consumer level . Alas , the Douwe Egberts pods that come with are , um , IMHO , not good.A brief web search led me to Aloha Island 's Senseo-style pods , and i ordered a box of their single serving espresso pods . The package arrived swiftly , and the box of pods was swaddled in styro-peanuts
 Fabulous marriage of convenience and quality . Rich , full flavor from the touch of a button ! A dream come true .
 I bought a Senseo machine for the convenience of making one cup at a time but was underwhelmed by the coffee choices available.That is until I found the Kona coffee pods from Aloha Island.These are all I use now . They cost a little more but worth every penny if you want a very smooth , rich cup of pure Kona coffee these are the ones to buy .
 Yes the coffee is the best quality , pesticide free . There are technical issues with the pods . 1 pod was broken when I opened up the pouch it was stored in . For any pods to arrive broken when they are so expensive is just not acceptable . Also , many times the pod is not working , but turning it around and pressing down on it with a fork or a spoon makes it work -LRB- I have Black & Decker Home Cafe Machine -RRB- . Great coffee , but I felt that I had to really work for it . I also feel that to charage $ 15 to ship a box of coffee pods is a bit excessive , considering that they are being shiped from LA not HI .
 If you are looking for pods for your espresso machine , give these a try . I have a Francis X1 and have tried them all . These are the best . Also , the people in customer service are super nice - guess it is not a surprise they live in Hawaii .
 Everyone who has had the opportunity to eat this loves this - I like this a lot with green and yellow zuccini , carrots and bamboo shoots with thin sliced turkey breast . Living too far from any real good oriental restaurants is no longer such a bummer ... just came back to order more ... price went up a bit but it 's still well worth it.I see some complaints about too salty - I do n't think it is salty and I do NOT use any salt when cooking nor do I eat any salty snacks so my taste buds would complain if this was too salty . Too hot ? The way we make it , it 's at most medium hot while the flavor is excellent -LRB- not diluted with coconut milk -RRB- ... the hot sensation goes away very quickly ... we love hot food - almost to a point of burning lips , eyes and nostrils hot but this is medium hot . Maybe it 's less hot for us because we use a lot of veggies and eat it with white rice which always turns down the heat .
 I thought the flavor was really good , just the right balance of flavor and heat . So much better than the stuff you buy at the grocery store . The only complaint I have is the saltiness , you can definitely taste the 25 % of your daily sodium in every serving .
 Paste unlike powder is the punch in a curry dish . This product offers great punch -LSB- heat -RSB- , I would recommend it to any chef .
 Excellent strong green curry taste ! My husband finished his bowl and said I should open a restaurant ! Great product ! I will buy again !
 Had n't had green curry before so I bought this to give it a try . Turned out really good and I loved the heat level I got using 2 Tbs of paste . I ordered the red paste too but have n't gotten to try it yet , but if it 's as good at this paste it should be way better than what my grocery store carries .
 I bought this Thai Green Curry paste to cook a Thai dish I 'd seen made on of the cooking shows . It turned out PERFECT . I almost make that dish weekly now . Ca n't live without my Mae Ploy !
 I 've used this a lot recently in some of my chicken dishes . I do n't use a lot , I do like spicy foods and a little goes a long way . The plus is its in a bag and you can squeeze out what you need . . Yes I will buy more
 I 've purchased different curries in the grocery store and was never completely happy with the flavor . I read a recipe that recommended this brand and after using it I can see why they recommend this specific brand . Great flavor - I purchased all 3 - Green , Red , and Yellow curry paste and have enjoyed all 3 types .
 after FAR too long seeking to mimic the cuisine of the local thai restaurateurs -LRB- without seeking help online or simply asking -RRB- i discovered mae ploy by accident in some hippy dippy food shop . this paste is all that stands between a bizarre amalgamation of food and authentic thai goodness . buy it add some veggies some coconut milk serve with rice on side . you will not regret it .
 Because of Mae Ploy Thai Green Curry Paste , green thai curry has become my signature dish . I am always being asked to make it . Remember that it is very spicy so a little goes a long way . The flavors in this paste are complex and varied and make for a delicious curry . We are living overseas -LRB- not in Thailand -RRB- so I am happy to see that it is available on Amazon !
 Mae Ploy curry paste is always delicious . Directions are on the label . Easy to cook . Saves a lot of cooking time .
 I have both the red and green curry paste . The green is milder . I use both of them in variety of dishes and often spice up soups and stews that need a little zing . It is so convient to have them in the frig .
 I have been using this curry paste for 10 plus year . It makes very delicious curry , if time is available I will add some raw ingredients on the list to enhance the flavour of the curry . Very good buy and recommended to everyone . Lisa , -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This is real potent . It does n't take a lot to make it firey . This tub should last a long time
 I love Thai food . This paste make my cooking easy . One table spoon of this paste + some lemon juicy + some Grace coconut milk powder + a onion + some fish -LRB- chicken , shrimp , beef or pork -RRB- , you will have a restaurant Thai dish .
 I had only tried one other brand of green curry and it was quite bland so decided to try this one because of the reviews . I must say it is delicious ! It 's definitely got some heat to it . I made some green curry with chicken and shrimp the other night and used a generous portion but it was just a bit too hot for me so I added about 1/2 cup of half and half to it and it was perfect . It cut just enough of the heat so as not to be overpoweringly spicy and it brought the other flavors together beautifully . I will definitely be getting more !
 This is a huge step up in quality from the kind that is normally available in the supermarkets near me . This makes green curry extremely easy . It also appears to have a pretty good shelf life which is good because there 's enough in here to make several large portions , so unless you eat green curry all the time it will last quite a while .
 I find myself using this in much more than intended when I purchased it - tomato soup , rice dishes , in a sauce for vegetables , you name it . It occasionally gives me shivers , I kid you not . I keep it in the freezer and after several months it seems to be staying fresh as well as not turning into a solid chunk .
 My cousin-in-law is Thai and she cooked an amazing curry for us . I had to have the recipe and she said it was really very simple . Just get the green Mae Ploy curry paste , some Asian basil , and some coconut milk . A little salt , sugar , chicken , some bamboo shoots and rice were the only other things I would need to make it . Well , I could n't believe it was really THAT simple , but it was ! The paste imparts several subtle and delicious flavors to the curry . Tastes like you slaved for hours . I never have leftovers when I make this curry . The paste is so low priced I plan to stock up so I 'll always have some on hand . Plus -- no preservatives , no wierd ingredients . It 's all food stuffs , albiet some of the ingredients I do n't recognize ... what is a galangal ? Whatever it all is , sure tastes good !
 My husband and I love Thai food , but I 'm not that good at cooking Asian dishes . This product was easy to prepare and the flavor was tremendous . It is tastebud hot , so the first time making , be conservative with the measurement of the paste . I would recommend this product .
 If you 're looking for authentic , Thai curry , this is it . After you 've made the dish a few times , you can tailor it to your liking . We like it VERY spicy , so we 're generous with the portions , and add chili flakes and a little madras curry powder.Buy with confidence , and keep your pantry stocked !
 I live in Puerto Rico and can not find Thai food here , let alone ingredients.I bought this and the red curry paste too . I had never made my own currybefore , but with the help of this , I made restaurant quality curry ! There is quitea bit of product in the container , so it will last if refrigerated . Watch the shippingcosts from outside vendors . They will not combine shipping in some cases .
 Curry has officially become my FAVORITE food over the past year . I ca n't believe I waited 35 years to try it.We went through all of the grocery store curry pastes and never could find one that had great flavor and spice.Mae Ploy knocks it out of the park ! We always have 3 or 4 of these in our fridge & pantry . These make super yummy curry with or without coconut milk -LRB- we 've recently started using chicken stock instead of coconut milk to cut down on the calories -RRB- A definite MUST HAVE for curry loversAdd someMae Ploy Sweet Chili Sauce , 25-Ounce Bottle -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- to your pantry too !
 Authentic taste , long shelf life in your fridge , easy to use , and the price is right . How can you go wrong . When I prepare a curry with this I do n't go crazy with a lot of Thai ingredients other than the curry paste . Just some veggies from the super like bell pepper , scallions , carrots , jalapeno and serrano chilies , and some sliced pork or chicken or beef . So easy and so delicious .
 This green curry pasty is absolutely delicious ! It definitely blows other curry pastes out of the water , despite not being available in a local grocery store . The heat and the flavor offered over the TK curry is amazing !
 Agree with most posters that this is really the best . I do n't know if the price is right , but considering this might be a 4-6 month supply for me , I 'm satisfied . Just do n't buy the little jar of `` Thai Kitchen '' green curry , whatever you do . I will be throwing it away now that this Mae Ploy has arrived .
 Thought it would be hotter considering on whom it was based on ... Great in gravies , soup and sauces . Completely blows away the pricing and equal quality to the `` good '' spice on the grocers shelf .
 Always has great flavor . I love Marshall 's spices . This one adds great flavor without adding the excess salt , which is a bonus !
 I spent some time in Italy this past Summer -LRB- Tuscany -RRB- where I rented a villa and had the occasion to cook several times . Not only was the product convenient and reduce waste with it 's recloseable tube , the product itself was incredible . It was not acidic and really added incredible tomato flavor and richness to the dishes I prepared . I actually brought several tubes home with me . You can find other brands in US specialty food shops packaged this same way but I have yet to find one that is comparable in taste .
 It 's a useful product since left-overs can be kept better than that from cans . Also , it 's easy to measure the amount to be used .
 I 'm in Italy once or twice every year for the past 15 , I bring home at least a dozen each time . Mutti brand is about the best I have ever had , I have used it along with my own bottled tomatos from my garden , that are sometimes loaded with water even though I plant San Marzano , roma amd other paste types.You should try Mutti , better than star or co-opp brands . I use the double and triple concentrates . If you ca n't travel to Italy this is the next best thing.Mutti Italian Tomato Paste Concentrate - 4packs
 This product defines `` a little goes a long way '' ... Just as a quality concentrated tomato paste should ! This is the real deal and has great taste . Ever so much better than canned tomato paste ... waste less and use less . Refrigerate after opening and it will last a long time . Unfortunately , many Americans have no idea how to use this product and think it 's just expensive tomato paste . NOT . Short of taking a trip to Italy , you ca n't find better . Buy it , use it and I 'm confident you 'll agree!Mutti Italian Tomato Paste Concentrate - 4packs
 I find this produt to be very good most of the time you only need a tablespoon or so of paste and when you get the can you end up wasteing the rest in the can but in the tube it last for a very long time I love it ...
 This has the true taste of Italian tomatoes , just like when i visited Italy a month ago . Glad i found it on Amazon .
 this product is great for persons who dont have to use a tablespoon or two , then end up throwing rest of can later . Stronger strength , so less is good for recipes .
 the item arrived fast & am very pleased with the product . when you need just a little paste this is better than wasting a whole can or having another item in the freezer to forget
 I luv this tomato paste . So convenient to use and gives great `` zip '' to many of my recipes . Shipper is quick and efficient . Thanks
 I gave this to my mother for her birthday , and she just can not say enough great things about it ! I ca n't wait to buy her some more Tempest Tea for Christmas to go with her tea set . I think she has found a new love -- Tea , the Tempest kind !!!
 These are great tasting FRESH 100 % pure date bars . Everyone I have given one to loves them ! These really are tasty . My Mom , my Dad , my children and my neighbors all want more . Do n't miss out on these . The 2011 version is wonderful.I have ordered several times over the last six months and the bars have always been tasty . They are not to0 dry , and yet they hold together nicely . A great snack anytime of day . A great energy boost when out walking too .
 This sauce is AMAZING stuff . I do n't like extraordinarily spicy food , and this is perfect . It gives a nice kick of fire without being overbearing . What I especially love about this sauce is the sweetness . Purely from a flavor standpoint , this sauce is delicious . I love to ladle good-size spoonfuls of this stuff onto my rice and stir-fry dishes . It 's addictive !
 Nice heat , good flavor , plays well with other ingredients . Mix w / mayo and agave , pour over cubed chicken or shrimp for appetizer ... add to pasta , rice or lettuce -- yum !
 IF you are someone who likes hot sauce this is a nice change . I find it especially good on eggs , but can be used on just about anything you would put hot sauce on .
 This chilli is so fresh , you ca n't believe it came from a bottle . I use this to marinade fish , as part of the dipping sauce for dumplings , and add it to just about everything ! It adds a kick and freshness to the dish .
 I LOVE this sauce . It is great on just about everything - I 'm a hot sauce freak and can not use sauces with garlic . This sauce fits the bill - hot and great taste ! If you like hot , this is the sauce for you .
 I switched over to this stuff after using Sriracha chili sauce for the longest time . Personally , I think this chili paste has a more luscious flavor and a more paste-like consistency rather than the sauce-like consistency of Sriracha.I love this stuff , I throw it on eggs , in soup , and in pretty much everything I cook in a skillet . It is SOO versatile !! It 's really HOT too.IF YOU LIKE CHILI SAUCE/SRIRACHA , BUY THIS !!!! YOU 'LL LOVE IT.Careful tho , I heard too much of it can mess with your stomach lining.Anyways , you can probably find this stuff at your local Asian-mart for around the same price . Amazon is pretty convenient though .
 This tastes really good on broccoli just place some broccoli in a bowl and mix with about two tablespoon of this chilli paste and roast in the oven yummy you have a quick side dish for dinner .
 Esta salsa no es facil de conseguir , a menos que tengas mercados asiaticos cerca de tu casa , tiene un balance perfecto de acidez y picante con unos toques dulces que apenas se pueden percatar.La puedes usar para cocinar , aderezar , sazonar y es muy versatil.que bueno que Amazon tiene este producto , algunos se pueden parecer , pero yo recomiendo exactamente esta salsa .
 Appreciate the fast service for this very useful item for cooking . I only found it in a store in Florida , and could not find it in New York .
 These are delicious caramels and great when melted and poured over vanilla ice cream or angel food cake . If you love caramels - you will love these . Enjoy !!! 1
 I can not get enough of this taffy . I 've already placed two orders , and will probably place another one as that 's how good it is . The colors are wonderful , and the selection in each tin is really varied . I pass it out to co-workers who find it irresistible , so now I 'm on tap to continue bringing some in . Anyone looking for some great taffy will not be disappointed in this !!!
 There is not to much you can write about flour . But this is what I need to bake bakery type breads . I am baking my own sandwich -LRB- hoagie , submarine -RRB- rolls . And finally have duplicated pizza crust!Everyone thought I was crazy to buy such a large quantity . But I broke it down in to gallon sized zip lock bags . Each bag holds five pounds . I am storing the bags in my basement freezer , should keep forever .
 Amazon.com is an amazing superstore to have in one 's home . I bake bread and know the value of gluten enriched flour . Bread flour makes the bread chewy , yet soft , tasty and palatable . The above product reviews assured me and a week later UPS delivered . I transferred the flour into Ziploc bags and froze to be safe . Am enjoying the bread . Amazing !
 With grain prices on the increase and shortages projected worldwide , I keep this large bag of wonderful high gluten flour in my freezer so I do n't worry about weekly price increases or running out of something I use very frequently ; it also remains insect-free and fresh in the freezer . This company ships for under $ 5 and does so very quickly following an order .
 You wo n't believe the difference this flour makes when used in pizza crust . Believe me you will use more than you think . 50 lbs is not too much . It 's just what I 've been looking for .
 I was looking for a good quality , high gluten flour , to use in making breads that require a very slack dough . For me , this flour is perfect . Buying in bulk for my little in-the-middle-of-the-city kitchen at first seemed ridiculous , but I 've already used 20 Lbs of the flour and I made the purchase just a little more than a month ago . I have very much enjoyed experimenting with this flour!The order shipped quickly , and arrived far sooner than I was expecting . So overall , I am extremely please with the product and with the seller .
 one of our better buys , we 'd do it again if the opportunity presented itself ; we 're very satisfied with the product
 It works great in bread , cakes , and other things that I have baked . I will also use this in making meat substitute .
 Excellent quality flour for bread making . This is the 2nd time I have ordered it and will definitely continue !
 This is one I 'm partial to . It has a slightly bitter bite , almost like a mild spiciness . The sweetness is not cloying . The flavor is not subtle , but direct , and pleasantly lingering . This is good for both teas and cooking , as well as over bread .
 This tea lives up to its billing , has plenty of silver needles and brews a very satisfactory tea . My wife and I drink two pots of this stuff a day and we never get tired of it . Highly recommended .
 I buy mine from Sams Club ! They are so good ! Just like eating cheese with a crunch ! Just beware once you start eating them you may not be able to stop .
 The episodes after Michael Scott Paper Company forms . I bought them as a joke gift for a huge fan and they were perfect and roughly as dangerously addictive as you might imagine . : -RRB-
 These cheese balls are the best and the only ones you can get pretty much since Planters stopped making them . But they have this same container at WalMart for $ 5 .
 All I can say is that these things are delicious and taste every bit as great as the Cheetos brand , in my opinion . :-RRB- I will get them again soon .
 Packaged nicely . Arrived at my California home fresh . Tasty , just as I remember when I lived in Maryland and could buy them at the supermarket .
 So I bought this after watching an Alton Brown episode where he talks about Ghee being clarified butter , the best you can get , and really deals with high heat . I put it in fridge , and I scooped out what I thought was about 1/4 cup spoonful for my cooking last night . Wow ! Cooks well ; no more smoke than cooking on any high heat setting , and I had some left over . I think maybe you should use less than you originally use of other oils as this does not evaporate the same . Really cool stuff , and no additional taste of french fries , or other stir-fried items . Coolness !!
 I initially bought this for my hair -LRB- crazy I know -RRB- after seeing it on a hair forum . When it arrived , I chickened out and used it for cooking . I am from Haiti and I use this on almost everything . It has a slight nutty taste , easy to use .
 This is the real deal in mustards . Works well with any items that really can use the yest that a very hot mustard can bring to it .
 When it comes to mustard powder , Coleman brand is the name I always used to get . I use this in almost anything that requires mustard powder . I use it making turkey salad , chicken or ham salad . This is very hard to find in my local stores and the only way to go is AMAZON and sure enough it 's here . It came in it 's yellow mustard can and properly sealed tight . This is still the same old mustard I used to buy long time ago .
 Colemans mustard is one of the best there is . I really like the packaging tin the mustard comes in , however the shipping company put a big white lable across the tin which ruined the look of the tin . It is not an easy lable to take off , so could n't the shipper put the label on the bottum where it is not easily seen ?
 This is the best tasting mustard on almost any type of food . Enhances the flavor of pork , soups etc. . Not for the faint-hearted , it has a full robust flavor ! Can not be without this in our home ! We even gave tins of it to our children so when we eat at their homes , we have it available !
 I LOVE THE VERY , VERY FINE POWDER AND IT GIVES THE PERFECT MUSTARD HOTNESS IN DISHES . HOWEVER , THE COVER DOES NOT FIT TIGHTLY .
 LOVE these things . Open it , pour milk or water in it , Microwave it and lunch is done . I spice them up a bit but they really do n't need it but you can make a meal from these by adding chickien , shrimp or meatballs and not really cook at al. . The price is a bit steep with the shipping but they do n't always have what I want at the store so by the time I pay tax it 's about the same price but at least I can get what I want all the time . I love these . I do n't consider it a side for me but a whole meal . Feeding a family it would be a great side with noodles the kids would eat and carbs everyone needs .
 Package came in perfect shape , and was as described . I can not buy this product in any store anymore . Thanks Amazon for carrying my husbands favorite packaged rice !!
 This is the best meal in a bag I 've ever eaten ! I added sausage and it was fabulous ! Just the right amount of seasoning to make a tasty dish . Love this product !
 Packages arrived in good condition , the rice is a simple side I love to have on hand . It makes a great side dish that my kids adore .
 It 's hard to find this flavor in my area . I find it to be fast to cook and tasty too !
 It was a convenient , but expensive source of kalonji which I need for my cooking . The seeds were good , just like I knew .
 The product was delivered on time , intact and provided a clear taste bump to my pickled onion recipe . I can see using it in many other recipes .
 Vigo Lasagna was so easy to use.I made a quick , easy , nutritious , delicious meal!I simply put layers of browned meat , spaghetti sauce , & mozzarella cheesein a casserole dish & baked.Having FMS , it was a big help toskip the step of boiling the noodles , most days I do not feel alert enoughto be around boiling water.Mozzarella was the only lasagna cheese I had.I never missed the other cheeses!Try it ! I am sure you 'll like it , As I am a very picky eater !
 In 20 minutes , in a pot with a lid on a conventional stove , this tastyrice/noodle/vegetable dish can be prepared simply by following directionson the package . Complement to chicken or good by itself .
 For a side dish or entree that only costs about a dollar , pretty tasty , especially if you add your own chicken meat to it . Cooks very easily and quickly too .
 Tasty but you need to alter the amount of water and microwave times . You also need to add meat to it to make it more like Chinese take out .
 This is far better than the fried rice at many of the Chinese restaurants we frequent ! Like the above poster , I keep on hand and often add chicken , beef , or other ingredients that we have available . Amazon 's price is also much less expensive than our local grocery on this item . We are loving it !
 I was surprised , I did not expect this product to be so good . We love it . I like to always have some on hand . I also like to use it as a starter , and add other ingredients to it . You wo n't be dissapointed !
 I buy this from Amazon by the case for those last-minute meals that need a quick , easy side dish . Everyone in the family likes it -- even those who are n't crazy about rice . It 's a very nice blend .
 This is really good , easy to make and easy to add additional ingredients . Since I always have Chicken or Shrimp Fried Rice I knew plain fried rice would n't cut it . So the skillet Chicken Fried Rice Recipe on the package came in very handy . Leftover chicken , a dash of soy sauce and a drained can of bean sprouts made everyone happy except the dog ... no leftovers.Well leftovers are classed up with this Asian Sides with less sodium than before .
 This is the best packaged rice mix I have ever tasted ! It is easy to use and complements any meal . I would highly recommend it .
 Takes < 5 minutes to make.Takes < 1 minute to demolish and enjoy.Delicious !
 Wow ! I was just hoping for something decent , but this is a huge surprise -- it 's excellent . Truly exceeded my expectations . Very simple and easy to fix and the best tasting packaged rice mix I 've ever had . This will be a staple in our pantry for sure.Highly recommended . Tastes like you made it from scratch . You can serve this to guests and expect compliments.Makes a great quick lunch , too , either alone -LRB- it 's really that good -RRB- or add some chicken or whatever you prefer . You could also spice it up a bit and use it as the basis for many variations.Thumbs way up for this one , good job Knorr ! -------------------------------------------- Update 2011-11-19
 This is a delicious rice dish . Add some cooked chicken chunks and a package of mixed frozen vegetables and you have a complete meal ! My family loves it .
 Have found this product quite tasty . . little more salt than I should have but not too much ... goes well with chicken and fish dishes particulary well .
 This rice has a good flavor . I keep them on hand when I need a quick side dish . Nice amount of spices .
 This rice tastes great and is a great compliment to any main dish . It 's flavorful but not overpowering so you can pair it with chicken , fish , beef , seafooed or vegetables for a completely satisfying meal !
 Lipton does a good job with this side dish . No additional spices are necessary to give it a better taste but it is a little too salty for me . I found it does not need as much water as directed . I reduce the water by 1/2 cup .
 This is not only pre-seasoned , but it makes it 's own sauce . Not too much , but a fair amount . It 's good ; however if you let this sit a bit , it will congeal.This product makes a good balancer for spicy toppings ; it helps to cut some of the heat when served with spiced foods.I admit that I 'm not quite used to these kinds of products , since I typically have made rice from scratch ; but I 've been trying a few different convenience products just to check them out . So this , like all of them , has that `` convenience food '' quality to it , and you are n't going to confuse it with fresh ; but for what it is , it 's a nice basic that has a lot of applications .
 Rice Sides , Herb & Butter was very tasty . It was better than I thought it would be . I intend to keep buying it .
 Of the few Knorr rice sides that our household has tried , this is the only one we like . It does n't taste like dehydrated camping food . It is a good product . The flavor and texture of the rice is very nice .
 Am very limited in what I can eat , and this product is a definite keeper . Is easily and very quickly prepared . Left-overs store very nicely , and this is yet another product I can not find where I live , so am doubly grateful that Amazon carries this .
 Lipton Rice Sides , Herb & Butter is something to keep on hand so you 're never without a quick meal . It 's got a wonderful flavor -LRB- not overpowering -RRB- and a nice texture.Use your imagination and add shrimp , beef , pork , diced chicken , toasted nuts , etc. ! There are no limits to what you can make with it by adding leftovers or whatever you have on hand . Take that ground meat you would have used for burgers , cook up some mini-meatballs and toss them with the rice ! Put broccoli flowerettes around the sides , sprinkle with grated parmesan or cheddar!You can have lots of fun with this product !
 My mum has diabetes , I bought this for her as a supplement . The powder is finely grounded and taste fresh . It is just great !
 My husband prepared this pasta for our family and added grilled salmon and petite green peas to it for a quick dinner . He sprinkled some parmesan cheese on it for added flavor and it turned out great . It has a creamy , cheesy sauce that is n't too rich . He used 4 pouches to feed our family of 7 and there was enough left over for he and I to bring to work for lunch the next day.With a special promotion the cost was just over $ 1 per pouch which is a resonable price . Without the promo price it would cost more that I 'm willing to pay .
 Please note , Amazon did not incorrectly place this item in the `` foods '' section
 The product , pure mustard oil , was delivered in an extremely short time , and I am completely satisfied , both with product and delivery status .
 I bought this as it was supposed to help with my receded gums ... no , it did n't do anything for them , but used in my hair and received many compliments on my shiny hair !
 So helpful . Cheap and it arrived quickly . I never knew how many different ways to use it . I 'm glad it was inexpensive .
 Deliciosas , buena calidad , suaves , de buen tama & ntilde ; o. Las recomiendo para comer solas o usarlas para cocinar . Superdeliciosas de nuevo comprelas
 Our baby loves this squash . She will eat it over almost anything else . I order a LOT of EB baby food jars and we 've had only one issue with broken glass . Amazon fixed the problem quickly and promptly refunded the money . -LRB- It was n't packaged securely enough . -RRB-
 I 'd continue to buy but I 'm moving over to more home made finger foods and away from glass jars ... shattered too many . They like all the flavors though . Great textures too .
 This is not your typical baby food review . I ordered these for my cats so they can have more fiber in their diet -LRB- issues with constipation -RRB- , and they LOVE the winter squash baby food . My two cats go crazy simply hearing the `` pop '' sound of a newly opened jar . The jars themselves are made of pretty thick glass , so I 've had no issues of glass breaking . Ca n't beat the price per bottle -LRB- after subscription -RRB- anywhere else on the web or at the local grocery store . Totally satisfied customer here .
 My cat suffers from hairballs in the spring shedding season . I had read that squash and pumpkin baby food helps add fiber to the cats diet . She likes the spoonful I add to her food and it does seem to help with the dreaded hairballs . I know most people reading this will be concerned about human babies-but my furry kid is important to me .
 I feed both my kids Earth 's Best brand baby/toddler food when I am unable to prepare food myself . All flavors have a short list of ingredients , good flavor and a nice nutrition profile.I usually wrap these jars in a ziplock bag with a baby spoon and stash in the diaper bag for wholesome food on the go . I like to feed my toddler what my husband or I eat , but it is great having a back-up if she is really not hip to the entree.Earths Best is the next best thing to mom 's cooking ; -RRB- Off label use : If you are out of oil when making baked goods , like pumpkin muffins , you can add a jar of complimentary flavored baby food in a pinch and they will still come out moist ! Happy accidents are worth sharing !
 If you 're toilet training a cat and need a filler to keep the # 2 soft and comfortable , this does very well . The cat tolerates it mixed in her food , it 's safe for cats , and the results do just fine . A teaspoon or two in each wet meal and no constipation . Granted that 's not what mothers are concerned about but this is the best of the baby foods for the purpose .
 This is my daughter 's favorite baby food flavor and one of the two we will keep on subscription -LRB- spinach and potatoes is her other favorite -RRB- . The flavor is bland -LRB- as is most baby food -RRB- but fresh . The texture is nice and thick so a big bite will stay on the spoon and not drip all over the place . This is nice for older babies -LRB- 9 + months -RRB- because some of the pureed foods are too thin and basically liquid . Squash is a healthy , non-starchy , vegetable and I 'm happy my daughter is developing a taste for it at a young age .
 My baby could n't get enough of this stuff . He ate almost the whole container in one sitting and is only 5 months old !
 I am actually someone who will buy baby food and eat it just to get some extra serving of vegetables . I put them in smoothies and to add flavor to soups as well . This one I tasted cold and it tasted like squash , nothing artificial and the texture was perfect . Very smooth and creamy which is one thing that I really love about it . Another thing I love is it being organic and GMO free . These are packed with nutrition perfect for growing babies . I did notice however though when I heated it up the taste changed which I found to be strange . Heated up it tasted like spaghettio 's which was kind of a turn off to me . I dont know how the babies feel but I am sure they wont know the difference . I think that I will stick to buying cascadian farms frozen winter squash . That has a better taste when heated up . But for smoothies and soups , possibly even to put in bread to moisten I will be purchasing this from Earths Best .
 This winter squash tasted strong to me , but my 8 month old refused to eat anything else for several days . I even got her to eat up some flavors she did n't like by mixing it with them . I always have trouble getting the lids back on the jars with this brand , but she gobbled the squash down so fast it did n't matter .
 water & squash - out of all the products this is the BEST in comparison to even the same brand !
 Nicely hot . Large flecks of seasoning -- not just powder .
 Stacy 's Texarkana Hot pita chips are delicious . Hot , but not too hot . Not much fat either . I sometimes have trouble finding them in the grocery stores around here -LRB- West Lafayette , Indiana -RRB- . Some stores tell me they have trouble keeping them on the shelves because they 're so good , so it is nice to be able to order them online . Fast delivery , too .
 These are my absolute favorite go-to GFCF muffins ! At first I was put off by having to add the flavoring myself -LRB- having previously used Jiffy mixes -RRB- , but now I like the ability to personalize the flavoring without having to stock dozens of different mixes . However , since my 9-y-o ASD son has texture issues , dried fruits are NOT an option for us -LRB- he just drops the fruit , or the rest of the muffin , when he comes to it -RRB- , so I just measure 3/4 cup of all-fruit spread . Easy and versatile ! I 've also used fresh mashed banana and canned pumpkin . Even made it one time with just OJ instead of milk and no mix-ins -LRB- we were at my folks ' and had already started mixing when we realized there was no GFCF milk -RRB- ; they were delicious that way , too!One tip I would like to share with everyone
 This is the best gluten-free baking mix out there . The scones are an every-weekend treat for me . Switch out different chopped nuts and dried fruits -LRB- orange-flavored dried cranberries make for an incredible scone -RRB- for unlimited variety . A box makes 12 . I like to mix up the whole batch , make three -LRB- or four when I 'm feeling extra piggy -RRB- , and refridgerate the batter for later baking . I prefer to shape the unused dough into a thick log , so I can cut off a few scones and bake over the next few days . -LRB- I 've never tried to extend it for longer than that . -RRB- This is one of those products that makes the wheatless life not bad at all .
 Please know that I 've been GF for > 10 years so my history is mostly making GF bakery items from scratch . That said , I was skeptical about this mix and bypassed it many times before giving it a try . Holy cows ! am I gald I did try it . Yes , one must add a couple ingredients to complete the task - what 's the problem with that ? I like adding my own fresh ingredients and the idea that I can be as creative as I want with this ` box of scratch ' . For me , I like using the mix for cranberry scones best of all . I prepare/bake the entire batch , eat what I want whilst warm and freeze the rest as they will dry out quickly . The scones that will be frozen I allow to cool and then wrap each one individually with foil and place in a ziplock bag . When I want a scone I just pull one out and remove the foil , wrap in a napkin and pop in the microwave for 20 or 30 seconds , or just allow to thaw in the foil to eat later.I have made beautiful chocolate chip muffins with the mix but prefer the scones much more . Although I never was a of lover pancakes or waffles -LRB- I guess because they made me sick -RRB- but I decided to try the pancake recipe on the box ... who knew orange juice would be a good addition to a pancake recipe ... I love the pancakes and make them often . This mix is very easy to work with and I 'm happy getting it through the subscribe & save program because it is very economical and easy .
 This is the best gluten free muffin mix I have been able to find . My whole family is impressed , even the ones who are n't GF . The mix also makes the best pancakes , gluten free mix or not . We were all very suprised , and I 've already bumped up our subscription to get more.I read a review that said the muffins did n't rise and did n't look like what was on the box . I do n't know if maybe they 've changed the recipe since that was written , but our muffins have all turned out great , both the taste and the look.You do need to let them cool completely . If you just ca n't wait , you 'll be scraping the muffin off of the cupcake liner . I 've made banana nut and blueberry . The mix does say to add dried fruit , and I have used fresh or frozen fruit instead . I do n't know if that made a difference . I have n't tried the scone recipe yet , but am looking forward to it.Of course , the cost is higher than mixes that are not gluten free , and you do have to add butter , eggs , vanilla , and milk , but I 'm just thankful to have found something so good .
 This mix makes nice chocolate chip muffins ; they are a bit bland without the chocolate chips . I double the vanilla . For those customers with the browning issues
 I 'm writing this , as much as anything , to point out what 's on the back of the box . There are recipes for muffins , scones , AND pancakes on the back of the box.Also , as much as you might love Gluten-free Pantry Mixes , if you have celiac and you 're lactose intolerant as well -LRB- 50 % of us are -RRB- -- this is one of the only mixes that you can buy . -LRB- Avoid the bread mix or the quick mix -- they have buttermilk and whey powder . -RRB- However , this does n't have milk , buttermilk or whey in it , and you can even make pancakes with it . Nice job .
 This is an absolute amazing price for this muffin and scone mix ! I purchased it as an &#34; add-on &#34; item , and was expecting boxes like the small Jiffy boxes of regular muffin mix you would find in the store , but these are big boxes of GF muffin mix , and they came shipped in their own box ! I was completely surprised at how low the price was of these with free 2 business day shipping with my prime - I do n't know how Amazon makes any money on them at all . I have used them once for some blueberry muffins , and never got a chance to eat one myself , because my husband ate them all before I could try one ! I 'm assuming by this that they were delicious , but I 'll have to wait until I make another batch before * I * can try one ! Will definitely buy again at this price though , even if my husband turns out to be the only one who likes them ! I will update this review once I 've eaten one of these muffins !
 I made these today for breakfast . OMG they were so good ! I followed the directions on the package & used buttermilk.I added 1 cup fresh blueberries . To keep them from sinking I tossed them in 1/4 cup of the dry mix prior to adding . I mixed them in last . Also made a `` crumbly topping '' for them by mixing some GF Pantry flour , oats , chopped pecans , cinnamon & brown sugar . Cut in enough butter to have the topping hold together when squished into a ball.Add this topping to the top of the muffin batter.I used the extra large muffin tin and got 6 muffins . They browned nicely and had a nice crumb feel to them . Very easy to make.The muffins rose nicely and tasted divine . I will definitely keep this mix around.Can ' t wait to try the scone recipe .
 Made my first batch this morning . I added bananas and pecans . Excellent ! I highly recommend this mix if you are in the market for a gluten free muffin mix .
 I 've never been a scone person , but when I found out I had an allergy to wheat , I was on the hunt to fulfill my need for bread products . I decided to try the Gluten-Free Pantry 's Muffin & Scone mix , and I 'm so glad I took the chance . Although overpriced , the scones have a fluffy and crunchy texture . I add cranberries and pecans . The box says it makes more than it really does . I get about 7-8 hand sized scones from the mix . They do n't last long , however . Neighbors , family , friends scoop them up . They 're buttery , and delicious , and great with jam . Enjoy !
 These muffins are very easy to make dairy free . Substituting oil for butter and orange juice or rice milk or soy milk for milk works great . I add chocolate chips or blueberries . Excellent . Everyone loves these - even my friends and family that do not follow a gluten-free diet .
 I just made these muffins for the first time . I used chopped dates and pecans . Now I need to make another batch because everybody else in the house ate them-and they are not even celiac !
 This is the best gluten free muffin mix I have tried . You can add anything to the mix and it holds up well . One of my fav 's is adding diced apples , raisins and cinnamon . Of course blueberries are great too . They are not gritty at all and are good even after a few days if kept in a sealed container or bag in the refrigerator . Just pop them in the micro for 20 seconds and they are great ! They freeze very well too .
 These are incredibly delicious . If you think that you ca n't have a Gluten Free muffin and have it taste delicious , you are wrong . The GF Pantry mix is great . Not only is it incredibly easy to make it bakes well and consistently . We have made the muffins plain and with add-ins -LRB- Blueberries , peanut butter -RRB- and every time they tasted great!This is a must for those on the Gluten Free Diet
 This is truly a great versatile mix . Substituting oil for butter and rice milk for regular milk works out perfect . Using orange juice for the milk makes great pancakes and muffins as well . The options are endless for muffins - our favorite is adding a bit of cinnamon and GFCF chocolate chips . I also sneak in small amounts of light colored pureed veggies -LRB- baby food -RRB- .
 We now have another gluten-free hit ! We do n't have to avoid gluten , but I 'm trying to cut down on gluten for myself and my family . We 're big fans of Gluten Free Pantry 's cornbread mix -LRB- which I usually make as muffins , The Gluten-Free Pantry Yankee Cornbread Mix , 12-Ounce Boxes -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- -RRB- , and I just tried this muffin & scone mix.I have guests coming for the weekend , so the first time I used this mix , I made a double batch -LRB- 2 boxes at once -RRB- , for a total of 24 regular sized muffins . This mix is perfect for adding your own fruits or nuts . I added the recommended 3/4 cup per batch of fruit -LRB- dried cranberries -RRB- and a dash of lemon oil extract . Boy did these muffins turn out great!The directions say to `` bake 16 minutes or until cake tester comes out clean '' . After 16 minutes , the muffins looked done , but they were n't browned on the top at all . I put them in another 3 minutes , tested one -LRB- by eating it -RRB- at its new slightly-browned-top stage -LRB- yum -RRB- ; then put the rest in for another 2 minutes for a nicely mostly-browned top . After the extra 5 minutes of cooking , the muffins are not dried out or overdone . They are delicious . Everybody 's oven is different , but if you try this mix and they are n't browned after the recommended baking time , you may be able , like me , to leave them in longer without any negative effect on taste or texture.We have a diabetic in the house , so counting carbs is important . If you make 12 muffins from one box of mix , and use whole milk , one muffin has 30.9 carbs.The box also has directions for making scones and pancakes from this mix.So far I 've tried two Gluten Free Pantry products , and I am very happy with both of them .
 I love this product . I always substitute applesauce for the melted butter , initially because I didnt have 6Tbs of butter on hand , from then on because it worked fine and seemed a bit healthier . I also always add a generous sprinkling of flax meal in the mix -LRB- half cup or so ? -RRB- . My muffins always come out with nice rounded , golden brown tops and a decent texture . I have found that I do have to cook them longer than the recommended time -LRB- usually around 25 min -RRB- . I have made many delicious variations - apple with butterscotch chips , chocolate chip with orange and cinnamon , blueberry with lemon peel , apricot with almonds . This mix provides a quick and easy base for all these variations . I will definitely buy it again and recommend it to anyone , gluten free or not .
 Ours DO brown on top but not always and come out a decent size . They 're not rice-y in my opinion and even my 3yo who is n't allergic to gluten/wheat loves them . He 's a very picky eater . I fold in Ghiradelli dark chocolate chips when I make muffins with this mix and they 're always a hit .
 I made these for the first time as scones and they turned out wonderfully ! I think the secret is what you add -- I did follow the recipe , but I ca n't have eggs , so I used ground flax as a substitute -LRB- 1 T ground flax soaked in 3 T water per egg -RRB- . Then I added cinnamon , lemon zest , a tsp of lemon juice , dried blueberries and walnuts , then sprinkled the tops with sugar . YUM !!!! I ca n't even tell that they are gluten free ! They were fantastic right out of the oven , still great the next morning ... and they were good re-heated as well . Definitely getting these again . It would be good try these additions with the muffin recipe as well !
 Have n't made them myself but I had them at a function I went to today . They were one of the best gluten free pastries I have tasted and my 4 year old daughter agreed . They looked exactly like the picture on the box .
 I love , love , LOVE this mix ! I use the muffin directions and a mini dougnut maker to make GF donuts with raspberry jelly , frosting , cinnamon sugar , etc. . DELICIOUS ! Also added some fresh sweet corn , GF corn meal and sugar to make out-of-this-world corn muffins . This mix is different because it does n't have a gritty texture like some GF mixes -- it is as close to regular , flour-made stuff as you can get . I love experimenting with this mix and my family -- GF members and non-GF members -- all think it 's great !
 I 've used this mix to make blueberry muffins and cinnamon rolls . My VERY picky daughter loved them ! Better than the homemade recipes I 've found . They do not brown up very well . If you leave them in the oven until they brown they will be overdone . Many GF items do n't brown well so it 's not a product problem ... it 's just due to the types of flour used . They still taste great . Thanks !!!!
 I do not like alot of sugar , as little as possible , as a matter of fact . This product does not have alot of sugar . It tastes wonderful , is easy to prepare and agrees with me because it is Gluten-free as opposed to all the other boxed products on the market . I love this product and recommend it to all my friends.Amazon is incredible ... they make it easy - they make it even easier than easy ... it comes to your door step in 2 days , never a hassle ... Amazon is the greatest there is ... I use Amazon all the time.Gluten-Free Pantry Muffin & Scone mix is first rate ! .
 I love this mix . The best muffin mix I have found . It also makes great pancakes , waffles , and banana bread . I send it to my daughter wherever she is stationed around the world . You ca n't beat it if you like to or have to bake , especially for kids .
 I buy this product just to make pancakes . It 's the best gluten-free pancake I 've found . I 've tried other gluten-free pancake mixes but do n't think any are as good . I use orange juice , I think that 's what the recipe on the package calls for , and love the taste . My mom uses the product for scones . I make my gluten-free muffins from scratch -LRB- I use a recipe in Carol Fenster 's 1,000 Gluten-Free Recipes , which I 've reviewed -RRB- so I have n't tried this for those . But I like to keep it on hand for pancakes and have taken it camping for pancakes .
 The box has recipes for muffins and scones , but it also has a recipe for pancakes and waffles . I did not use the orange juice it calls for , but used milk instead , and they turned out great . The waffles I made were light and crispy . They freeze well , too . For another treat , I pop the frozen waffles in the toaster until hot , then serve them with butter and jelly like toast . Gluten-free dieters need all the variety they can find !
 Made a batch of scones from this mix just this morning . Had to improvise because I did n't have any buttermilk . Used Greek yogurt instead , in the same amount , but added a tablespoon of orange juice to thin it . Before baking , I added a little more OJ to the leftover yogurt to spread on the tops , then sprinkled each with a tiny bit of organic sugar . I also made them larger than recommended and got eight nice sized scones . Like all scones , they were just a bit crumbly , but these were not dry like many scones I 've had.They were a hit with my family , so I 'll definitely be making them again . And I 'll try adding other ingredients . Orange zest and sliced almonds , or blueberries , or shredded sharp cheddar , or crumbled feta cheese and chopped olives ...
 This is a fantastic mix . Many of the GF Pantry mixes are excellent , and this one is in my top five , along with their Brown Rice Pancake and Waffle Mix . During the summer when it 's too hot to bake , I make these 3-at-a-time in my toaster oven and they come out just as good as if I used the large oven . These are the best tasting scones I 've ever made that are gluten-free . They are very , very close to the real British scones you 'll get at the tea shop or in your local bakery . Unlike other gf mixes , I find that these have staying power beyond the first 24 hours . If you refrigerate in an air tight container , just pop them into the toaster oven for a quick warm up before serving and they are just as good as when you baked them . I buy them by the case now and have never been disappointed . I also like to add a tsp . of lemon or almond oil purchased from King Arthur Flour baking company . If you are a scone fan and have been diagnosed with celiac or with a grain intolerance , feel deprived no more ! This is well worth the purchase . Happy Baking !
 I have used the mix for muffins so far . They taste great , looked a little pale though . I have not used it to make scones yet.I will probably reorder this product in the future .
 I 've made these twice , with adding fresh blueberries . These are so good and so moist !! Even my gluten-eating husband loves them !
 Best scone mix ever easy to make and sooooo good . would highly tell people to buy this product you will love it once you try .
 It 's a fantastic product . I have n't tried making muffins , but I LOVE the way scones come out . My non gluten-free friends and family members love them , too .
 This is a great product -- I eliminate the eggs -- which makes them more short and taste much better . Not just for gluten free eaters -- everyone will love these !!
 Kids and I love this . Texture is great . We use it to make scones and kids ask for it all the time .
 I was given one of these by someone who was on a low carb diet , and said they tasted justed like good dark chocolate . Personally , I love dark chocolate , and was a major doubting Tom on these . Guess what ? They are actually very tasty and quite enjoyable . While you do not need to be on a low carb diet to enjoy these , the fact that they are low in carbs is a windfall for some . I would highly recommend these to others who enjoy dark chocolate , and low carbs .
 While these are n't as good as the best dark chocolate , it 's very good and much better than everyday dark chocolate . I 'm a major chocoholic and this is a must for my low-carb diet .
 Everyone knows how beneficial soy products are , but ordinary tofu `` turns '' after a few days . Buy this Mori-Nu Lite Tofu -- I buy two dozen at a time -- and you 'll always have tofu when you need it .
 Mori-Nu Tofu is the best tofu on the market . I 've been a fan of tofu since the early seventies . Back then I bought whatever tofu the grocer happened to have until one day I picked up a box of Mori-Nu . It was a featured sale item at a grocer in my town . Wow ! This is gourmet . Now , if the grocer does n't carry it , I order it on line . It has the best taste and is the easiest to work with .
 I make dressing every year for the holidays , because my family loves the recipe . This year I used the Gluten-Free Cornbread mix as the base instead of the brand I typically use . Everyone said it is the best ever !!
 I have purchased this item 3 times and have had positive results each time . Though the finished product is very dense and not as sweet as the traditional Jiffy Corn Muffin , if you have gluten intolerance , you will find this to be an adequate replacement . It does offer lactose free directions -LRB- a common condition for those recently diagnosed with celiac -RRB- which is my usual prep method . The only drawback of the lactose free version is the oil tends to separate from the batter as it bakes , but does not effect the overall quality of the finished product . Leftovers should be refrigerated , and reheated in the microwave for best taste .
 My family likes these gluten-free cornmeal muffins better than the non-gluten free . A successful product ! Kudos , Gluten Free Pantry .
 If you need to cook gluten-free then you know how hard it is to find good , simple products that do not taste `` gluten-free '' . I am not gluten-intolerent but my family is . I do n't like most gluten free products -LRB- I just smile and eat -RRB- but this one is really good . The mix has good flavor and texture , is simple to make , and makes dad a hero on `` chili '' night . Much better than the Bob 's Red Mill . Only knocked one star off because I hate paying the higher price for gluten-free stuff .
 These are sooooo good ! And super easy to make . I hope Amazon starts carrying them again , or I 'm going to have to find somewhere else to buy them . So yummy and filling !
 These are a staple - I always have some made and keep them in the freezer . If you add an extra egg they are more fluffy . If you leave out the sugar , they make a great substitute for english muffins in eggs benedict . I am very sorry amazon quit carrying these - I go through the 6 pack in 6 to 8 weeks .
 This cornbread mix is so good , I serve it to the whole family and they have no idea it is gluten-free . It actually tastes better than the grocery shelf cornbread mixes I had made and eaten before my diagnosis of celiac disease.The cost is compatible with most standard mixes . I make muffins with the mix and they store well in the refrigerator and can be warmed up for another day without losing its texture or flavor .
 We are eating gluten free by choice . We do n't like cornbread as a rule , because cornbread made without some flour is just yucky . I bought this mix at the grocery store on a fluke . We needed it for a meal . OMG !!!! IT WAS AMAZING !!!! I 've made it using sweet milk and buttermilk . No matter what milk we use it is amazing ! Even my picky granddaughter wants it all the time . Well worth the money.It reaheats well too . We have kept it in the refrigerator , wrapped for up to 10 days . After day 9 , it started drying out , but still tasted good . We microwaved it with a wet papertowel covering the piece and it was good.I 've made it by standard recipe , as well as jalepeno . Yummy . Chop some fresh jalepeno 's , a small tomato , and a bit of onion . Use 1/4 cup LESS of the milk and add a small -LRB- the teeny ` individual ' -RRB- can of creamed corn . yummy !
 Best gluten free cornbread mix ever ... add sour cream and a can of cream style corn to it and it is fantastic !
 When I was diagnosed with Celiac 's Disease I new I could not go without my sweet cornbread . Finally , I found this , Gluten-Free Pantry Yankee Cornbread . The only change I make to the directions on the box is I add a 1/2 cup of sugar instead of 1/4 cup . It makes alot so I just freeze the cornbread and take it out when I need it .
 If you are on a gluten/wheat free corn muffin mix , this is it . My family loves these . It does n't take long for them to disappear . Great texture and taste , you would never know they are gluten/wheat free .
 My husband suffers from celiac disease . He was diagnosed a few years ago and I have tried many , many , many different gluten free mixes . This is by far the best gluten free cornbread we have ever tried . Do n't hesitate - buy it . I can hardly tell the difference between this gluten free and regular cornbread .
 Quick and easy and delicious ! in fact , at our wedding we had cornbread from a fancy restaurant and this bread out -LRB- with a label Gluten-Free -RRB- and this bread was gone so quickly . Amazing !
 This mix works nicely . It is easy to prepare . Bakes up pretty much like a jiffy mix which is what we used before going gluten free . We do find that it is missing some of the corn flavor though .
 I love this ! I have made it for cornbread and also to use as breadcrumbs for cornbread dressing . It is great to have cornbread again since being diagnosed with Celiac .
 I love cornbread and found this to be the best gluten free cornbread . My family even loves it and it takes just like regular corn bread .
 I 've tried a from-scratch gluten-free cornbread recipe before , and it was too close to cornmeal mush for us to consider it cornbread . I ordered this cornbread mix from The Gluten-Free Pantry on a whim , and the whole family is delighted with it . It tastes great and has the consistency of `` real '' cornbread.I mentioned the carb count because my son was recently diagnosed with Type I Diabetes . Until we get more used to estimating carbs in home-made foods , a mix helps us be more exact about carbs per portion . One box of this Yankee Cornbread Mix makes 12 medium-size muffins of 25.3 grams of carbs , each.We do not have to eat gluten-free , but I 've always found that a gluten free muffin always makes me feel less full , less like the muffin has congealed into a ball in my stomach . So we go gluten-free at times.You add sugar , milk , egg and melted butter to the mix . It calls for buttermilk , but I make it with whole milk and it still tastes great . Ingredients in the mix are corn meal , white rice flour , baking powder -LRB- corn -RRB- , and salt . The label states it also contains soy , but I ca n't find any ingredient with soy -LRB- such as soy lecithin -RRB- on the box 's labeling . It could be that it is manufactured with machines that also process soy products , so , just to be safe , they mention the soy.This is an excellent product and I highly recommend it . But it is expensive , considering that you have to add most of the recipe to the mix . You are paying for the convenience of not having to sift your own corn meal and rice flower .
 I was a bread junkie before going gluten free-and have really missed it . This cornbread is easy to make and really good tasting ! Irecommend it highly .
 I have been trying quite a few brands over the last few years . This brand wins hands down . It tastes great ! Even when I make it with soy milk instead of the buttermilk in the recipe , it is yummy .
 This cornbread tastes just like my made from scratch cornbread . It is a great alternative to toast in the morning . Just warm it in microwave , butter , jelly and you are set to go .
 My daughter has celiac and we have tried every g-free cornbread mix out there . Being very southern , I only put a small amount of the sugar in my cornbread , we do n't like it too sweet down here ! I added 1/2 cup diced jalapenos , 1/2 cup yellow sweet corn , and 1/2 cup sharp cheddar cheese and it was fabulous ! We eat it with our taco soup and chili all winter long .
 I absolutely love this brand ! We would n't even know it was gluten free ! Myself and my daughter have found out only this year about our gluten intolerance and this cornbread sure makes gluten free living a lot easier .
 I add grated cheese and some sliced green onions and make the cornbread as directed . It is a terrific `` bread '' for those of us who need gluten free food .
 This is my favorite GF cornbread . My husband who does not need to eat GF loves it . I am so glad I buy it by the case . It taste like grandmom 's cornbread -LRB- not dry -RRB- Due to the fact that it takes alot of butter for the recipe . It is a great treat . It is one of the few things I tolerate well and enjoy the taste .
 Corn bread is one staple I have missed since becoming gluten free . I used to use a cheap little box , as my mom did . This mix comes very close in flavor and texture and works wonderfully . It is pricey , but not insanely so . Makes good Southern corn bread or , with additional sweetener of your choice , a good New England cake type . I do n't feel deprived anymore .
 This is one item that you would barely be able to tell that it 's gluten free . It 's definitely a favorite of mine .
 The Gluten Free Pantry Yankee Cornbread and Muffin Mix is great . It is easy to prepare by just adding milk , an egg , and some sugar . I have made the muffins every week since discovering this wonderful gluten free mix . Everyone in the family - celiac and non celiac - eat and enjoy these muffins .
 No gluten free diets here , but I buy it and make it fat free by substituting apple sauce for butter , sweetener for sugar , skim milk for buttermilk and extra egg whites for eggs . I know , sounds dreadful , but it tastes suprisingly good . The best mix I 've tried for the fat free adaptation .
 great product -LRB- anyone would love it even if you are n't Gluten Free -RRB- and great service -- fast
 I really like this cornbread mix because the cornbread is like the real thing . There is another brand of GF cornbread mix that makes garfy cornbread . This does not , z and unlike most GF baked goods it will keep several days without drying out . It is easy to make as well , and excellent with real maple syrup or jam .
 This cornbread was very tasty , considering all of the modifications that I had to make to accomodate my son 's food allergies -LRB- Wheat , Diary and Eggs -RRB- . I made by own buttermilk by adding cider vinegar to unsweetend almond milk . I used Earth Balance 's Olive Oil butter in place of the butter required . Lastly , I used Ener-G 's egg replacer for the egg required . It was n't as sweet as I would have liked so the next time I make it I will increase the sugar . It also was a tad dry . Notwithstanding , it still tasted very good . I will definately buy it again .
 Great for gluten free . Great with soup . Great with butter just outta the oven . I only use about half of the sugar though and I add some salt .
 Yankee cornbread mix could be a little moister , but has all the corn-nutty flavor you miss about regular cornbread . it 's very simple to make , a child could put it together .
 The best tasting gluten free corn bread period ! My nephews loves these and I 'm hooked now . Great stuff.Try it you will love these . If you have a need for gluten free give these a try .
 The product description is accurate ... you can eat this cornbread as dessert if you like !! Sweet yet not too sweet . I made it -LRB- along with the jambalaya -RRB- last night and my gf loved it . She took some to work for a brown bag lunch even.It was easy to make
 Great tasting juice , there is nothing else in the bottle exept fresh squeezed grape juice , not even water , so pure .
 If you have n't tried Lakewood 's Pure Concord Grape Juice , you MUST !! It will forever change your expectation of what a good juice should be . It 's 1 -RRB- fresh pressed so it has all the nutrients present in the fresh fruit 2 -RRB- it has no preservatives 3 -RRB- it 's organic and best of all 4 -RRB- it tastes so good it ca n't even be described .
 While the shipping fee was a little more than I expected , -LRB- I 'm living in Switzerland and sent them to my friend living in Boston -RRB- it is really worth it , ashere is what the recipient of the mini cheesecakes had to say ! `` Thank you so much for my wonderful Christmas present !!! It was nothing i had ever imagined it might be -LRB- I was thinking along the lines of perhaps a small Christmas pudding or bottle of wine ! -RRB- So original ! How did you think of such a unique idea ? I will enjoy them to the extreme !!!!!! `` Also want to say many thanks to Steve at Cheesecake city for being extremely accommodating with the shipping , when the cheesecakes did n't make it to my friend the first time round ! Steve agreed to re-ship and just charge me the shipping fee the second time around . Thanks Steve !
 I sent this to my niece in CA . She was having a time , newborn blues , could n't nurse , in much pain . I sensed that , so I sent her cheesecake , which she loves . She said I made her day , very thoughtful . She and her husband enjoyed the treat , and appreciated the gesture from way out here in Oh .
 I ca n't do gluten nor many other foods and I consider these cookies some of the best out there . They are packaged in sets of 4 to a wrapper and are great for snacking . I keep a box in the truck and one at work . The previous reviewer finds them dry . If I 'm eating I 'm generally having something to drink with it and therefore dry does not bother me . If you find them dry try some of their other products . Thanks Amazon for a great selection of gluten free foods .
 Glutino Gluten-Free Cookies , Shortcake Dreams , 4.4-Ounce Boxes -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB- These cookies are a real treat after trying some other brands . All of the Glutino brand products are very tasty , there are a variety of cookies that are all very good .
 I was testing cookie recipes and got similar results using black treacle & unsulphured molasses .
 I have tried substituting molasses in desperation but had poor results . Thankfullly I have found a local store which carries Lyle 's black treacle so now I am a happy Brit . You certainly helped in an emergency .
 Treacle one of the highest sources of dietary potassium available . 30 grams of this is equivalent to two full potatoes , three or more bananas , 12-16 oz of fish . If you like this and want to easily boost your potassium -LRB- and possibly lower your blood pressure and risk of other diseases -RRB- this can be one easy way to do so .
 The tin is very delightful . I like the design . However , I just tasted dark treacle today , for the first time , and have no idea if it should taste this way . It 's bitter , slightly salty , very thick , sticky , and sweet .
 I ordered this on a whim and so glad I did ... first off ... LOVE THE CAN !! The treacle is thick and rich and dark and wonderful n coffee and on oatmeal ... but most of all ... I just love to have a spoonful every now and then and I swear it gives me energy !
 I purchased this for my husband who is British and was missing his treacle pudding . I have since made it for him , but also found a recipe which calls for molasses instead of treacle . Same Lyle 's product as available in the UK !
 After discovering Lyle 's Golden Syrup , which I love , I realized Lyle 's also makes Treacle . I 've always wanted to try Treacle so when I saw this available on Amazon I added it to one of my orders . It tastes very much &#34; black liquorice &#34; whips -LRB- which I like -RRB- . I 'm not really sure how I will use it yet though . I love to cook so I 'm sure I 'll find something to do with it . Looks like I 'll have to search for a recipe or two .
 Unable to find this item in my area , was delighted to know i would be able to make gingerbread with black treacle for christmas .
 I bought this stuff to use on toast . It is pretty good , actually . To be honest about it , I really thought this would be like the Golden Syrup , which of course , it is not . So I bought the Golden Syrup which I prefer over treacle ; after all , I do not cook ... I only cook things up .
 i love this tin , love the lion . Around our house I call him Lyle and my wife insists he looks more like a Tate . I 've got one in the garage in which I keep all my loose screws , change etc , another in the kitchen which stores all our pens , pencils and whatnot , and a third in the bathroom in which I keep my false teeth , condoms , dental floss , and various ass creams . Looking at this tin makes me feels accomplished somehow , so why not eh ? I do n't know what a treacle is or where I might find use one , but when I do that 'll just be icing on the cake . What gorgeous use of red , black and gold . I may never be king of the forrest , but thanks Tate & Lyle for making me feel like a lion nonetheless . a ROARING FIVE STARS !!!!!
 Delighted to see that a product was available to purchase to make Treacle Tarts . Quick delivery , well packaged . Will play Chitty Chitty Bang Bang while eating !
 If you love toffee , this dark chocolate covered English toffee is for you . It is superb .
 I started giving these to my daughter when she was 9 months . She loved them so much her first word was cracker -LRB- while signing more -RRB- ! They dissolve in her mouth so I do n't have to worry about choking . And they are healthy too . I highly recommend it .
 We have to hide these boxes and pull them out when our one year-old daughter wo n't eat anything else . She will always eat these . Her brother and sister are always sneaking and eating them too .
 My little girl will ask for these crackers day and night . Bought a pkg of 6 and have used up 4 real quick . I will be back for more very soon .
 I LOVE these graham sticks . They dissolve well and are super yummy -LRB- yes , I have eaten quite a few of them :-RRB- . I think they taste better than any other graham cracker I 've tried , and they 're organic to boot . As far as sugary snacks go , they have pretty healthy ingredients . I like pretty much everything I 've tried from Earth 's best . For those of you interested in how they 're sweetened they contain organic invert syrup , organic evaporated can juice , and organic honey . They do n't have anything `` scary '' in them like maltodextrin or other such sweeteners . Just vitamins and natural , organic products .
 And they are good for them ! With whole wheat flower and no high fructose corn syrup like a lot of other crackers .
 Our daughter loves Sesame Street so this seemed like a logical choice . We tried them ourselves and they are very tasty . The important thing is our daughter loves them and they are the healthier alternative to other graham cracker brands . Other brands have too many artificial ingredients .
 My 1 year old loves these ! Great snack ! I 've tried to find these at my stores and ca n't seem to get them very often . Love that they are organic and my one year old loves that Elmo is on the box !
 I love these snacks because they are whole grain and organic . I also love the fact that they do not spill everywhere out of the snack cup like cheerios . I have also noticed that they do not leave a lot of crumbs , which makes Mommy happy .
 I bought these for my grandbabies because they are earths best and organic . They like them , but not as well as the cinnamon ones . I tried them , thought they tasted kind of like dirt .
 Bought these for my grandbabies and they love them . I love them because they are organic . Only the best for my little guys . My big guys even snack on them .
 15 month old loves to eat them on the go ! They seem great for a healthy , quick , and easy snack !
 My daughter loves these snacks and so does everyone else . I try to feed my daughter organic stuff and I 'm so glad that Earth 's Best makes a variety of snacks that she can have .
 This is a very good snack that I feel great about offering my 10 month old . She can easily pick up the small pieces and definitely enjoys the apple cinnamon taste . My 5 year old loves them as well ! I would definitely recommend these to anyone with small -LRB- or larger -RRB- kids . : -RRB-
 These are the only organic grahams I can find for a reasonable price . We LOVE these and Amazon makes them a perfect affordable snack for my toddlers .
 These are great crackers . My little guy likes them a lot and best of all , they do n't contain any soy or dairy !
 I love this juice ! I love it plain . I love it in sparkling water . I love it with orange juice . I love that it 's exactly what the big letters on the label say it is
 Pure , smooth . Good for me . There is `` pulp '' in this . Great product . Love the Lakewood line . Lucky enough to have a superstore near me carry some of this and a healthfood store . If I did n't live near those , I would have it shipped . It 's on my superfoods list as a `` warrior '' for The Genotype Diet so I 'm a happy camper .
 Taste
 Best juice I have tasted , and so pure , just what i have been looking for , i want to order some more .
 We purchase this at our Publix store when on sale at $ 1.00 less ; the regular price is $ 10.00 which is very high for retired , elderly people.Any place near Lilburn , Ga where it is less?A great pure product .
 I was delighted to be able to buy this product that was pure and no sweeters added to it . It was exactly what I was looking for ... a healthy drink ! Very fast shipment also ! I enjoy adding it to water ... lasts longer .
 Taste
 Lakewood Organic Pink Grapefruit Juice surpasses even fresh squeezed in balance and quality . It 's perfectly balanced without a hint bitterness or unripe `` green '' taste . It does not disappoint . There was no separation or sediment in the bottle . The pulp was very fine and almost indiscernible in my mouth . This is really a `` must try '' product.By the way , my package arrived in 2 days even though it was n't supposed to ship for a week . Also , those 6 bottles came in the best designed packing material I 've ever received in an Amazon order - no peanuts and rolled newspaper here ! This shipment will be gone in the blink of an eye so I plan to order more soon .
 I do n't know what happened to my first review . But I 've noticed reviews I 've written have disappeared . Why ? When they are usually raving reviews?The Lakewood Pure Organic Juices are ALL great . I have noticed some are not always available , and do n't know when or if they will return . I ca n't lug juices from stores to car - car to house , etc. so I have been thankful to Amazon for carrying many of them in the past . The Grapefruit Juice is exceptional . I hope the Orange-Mango returns , and the Blueberry and Pomegranate . They are sometimes available at Whole Foods Market , but not always . PS
 I bought this as a gift for someone in another state . There was some sort of shipping mix-up . When I notified Jelly Belly , they went the extra mile and express shipped a replacement . The recipient was very pleased with the candy , I was pleased with the service .
 I bought this gift box for my son for a Christmas present . The box is huge . The candy is fresh . The flavors are amazing . Everyone had fun trying the flavor combos suggested on the box lid . I will be buying him another box next year .
 This is a great gift for a hard to buy for kid . The kids love to open it up and start tasting .
 I bought this for my friend who loves jelly bellys and it was amazing . The box was perfect when it came and nothing was squished . my friend loved it but ate it within a week !!! i highly reccomend this for any jelly belly lover !!!!
 This is a perfect gift , fun flavors make everyone happy . Jelly belly never dissapoints ! Packaged well , none of the flavors get mixed up .
 This is a must have for any family . So much fun going through and trying each flavor . They are all spectacular .
 Jelly bellys , you are so delicious . I bought these for my hubby as a Bday gift , and ended up rediscovering some delicious favors myself . It 's not often you find cappuccino-flavored or strawberry daiquiri-flavored candy . Love these things !
 This box is amazing . It contains all 50 flavors and each in its own compartment . To make it even more perfect , there is a clear plastic insert that keeps all the jelly beans in their separate compartments and keeps them from getting mixed up when the box is possibly tossed around during shipping . Not one bean snuck out of its spot . The flavors are both fascinating and creative and really do taste like what they are supposed to with only a couple exceptions . They were fun to play with and we took turns blindfolding each other to taste the flavors and see how well we could guess what we just tried . Some were hard and many were challenging but a few were easy and quick . It was a fun game and it really was harder than it sounds . It also made us realize how much taste depends on sight.On the inside of the lid is a picture that shows the jelly beans in their compartments with their name underneath , which really does help tremendously . The box also gives you ideas for flavor combinations to try , as does the Jelly Belly website , such as blueberry + blueberry + buttered popcorn = blueberry muffin . Those were fun to try out.This is a great gift and the jelly beans were fresh and flavorful . If you love jelly beans , you ca n't go wrong here .
 I order one or two of these every year . Usually one is a gift and one I keep for myself . The combinations you can make with 50 flavors is mind blowing .
 I bought this as a gift and it was perfect . Exactly what I expected . Good quality .
 Being a typical American consumer , I 've eaten a lot of various types of potato chips . Of all of them , these are the best ones I 've ever had . They are just the perfect blend of crunchy and salty . They also go great with dips and spreads . I 've had them with vegetable dip , french onion dip , ranch , guacamole , and port wine cheese spread - ALL DELICIOUS . They are also not as bad for you as other potato chips as all they contain are potatoes , vegetable oil , and salt - no preservatives . I recommend this item for both the occasional snacker and the seasoned potato chip lover.I was originally going to give this item 4 stars because we had a problem with our first shipment . However , Amazon customer service resolved it and our replacements were in perfect order .
 I 've had all of the soy crisp products , but this one takes the cake for being downright delicious ... I will definitely purchase this product many times over .
 These things are very very good , if you are a bariatric patient you will really like them .
 this is a perfect snack . it is both salty and sweet and I did not get sick of them .
 Please i want to know if kao shan tea is the same as wu-long slimming tea , and does it work the same ?
 Bought some identical to these at World Market . They are perfect not only for storing tea , but also for storing any dry goods . They use a double lid system to ensure freshness that seems to be quite effective .
 Although the name of these are `` Almond Armadillos , '' there are n't any almonds or nuts inside them , at least according to the ingredients.But what they do have is a nice crunchy texture brought on by the rice inside the chocolate . These were absolutely delicious , and I would definitely buy these again . I just wish they were organic .
 This was a new item . Tasty pancakes . Need to try corn bread with black eyed peas or buttermilk a great new experience .
 I made porridge with this . milk , sugar , cinamon , and on the stove we go . Good stuff . I 'd buy it again .
 I have a recipe for corn sticks which calls for toasted cornmeal . The place that used to carry it has n't had it for the last few years . I was a bit hesitant because it is blue cornmeal , commonly used in Southwest cooking . But , it turned out great and I 'm really glad I tried it . The roasting gives the cornmeal an added dimension -- very flavorful .
 I 've never had Roasted Blue Corn Meal before - tastier than I expected ! Looking forward to making more of the recipes that were included in the shipment .
 Make great muffins waffles corn bread and whatever you use corn meal for - nice lavender color and delicious ! Quite pleased !
 We have been using Char Crust for about a year and like all the flavors with Ginger Terriyaki being the family favorite . I use a grill pan to cook chicken , beef and fish with Char Crust ----- quick and easy !
 These marshmallows are great ! They taste just like non-kosher marshmallows and are a fun thing to have around . I ordered these to make a homemade marshmallow fondant cake -LRB- served at a baby shower where there were attendees who do n't eat pork gelatin -RRB- . I was concerned that the different type of gelatin would make the fondant behave differently , but everything turned out wonderfully . I was highly impressed and will definitely buy again .
 I am so happy I found this product . Eating kosher is n't always easy , and its even harder with kids that want to eat treat they see their friends eating . Have no fear kosher rice krispys are here .
 This was given as an extra Christmas gift and it was a bigger hit than the main gift ! If I 'd known that in advance , I could have skipped the expensive gift and given several boxes of Suzy Q 's .
 when I was a kid , I ate these cupcakes whenever I could and knowing that they were going out of business hurt . So to get a box from Amazon was amazing . I hope to order then again , they were fresh and good !
 Always awesome . Already in the freezer for the future is that my son can enjoy also and know what I had as a child .
 These were my favorite . Hopefully a company will buy this item and we will be able to purchase them again
 Big Acres barbeque sauce is my family 's favorite . I love Rich & Mild ; my husband craves Hot & Spicy ; our son devours Teriyaki . Friday night is barbeque night , usually chicken or fish , but always BIG ACRES . Try Big Acres fish tacos ; they 're are mouth-watering ! Big Acres sauces make a healthy meal into a delicious meal ! YUM !
 I 've been eating Linketts since I was a very young child since my Grandparents are vegetarians , and I LOVE them . I will admit it is a very aquired taste . I even got my boyfriend started on them and he loves them too . = DI would suggest finding a store that sells them by the can before you invest in a whole case . I know that you can find them at Raley 's on the West Coast . If local health food stores do n't carry them check to see if there is a Seventh Day Adventist Church near you . The SDA Church typically has a book center that sells the Worthington/Loma Linda products.Edit
 These are the best veggie dogs around . There are 10 linketts in a can and everytime I open a can I fight myself to not eat all of them in a single day.However if you are not a vegetarian/vegan yet , do n't start buying a whole pack even though they are much cheaper at amazon.com.Buy a single can -LRB- they have it at Walmart , or you can ask at a Seventh Day Adventist Church , they 'll know where to find a store around -RRB- and do n't give up if you find it doens ' t taste like the traditional dog , because these do n't have meat in it.But if you are veggie lover , you 'll notice Linketts Loma Linda are # 1 .
 I really like these vege hot dogs and have been eating them since I was a young adult -LRB- 1970 's -RRB- . I fry them and when they have a light crust I eat them with mustard , relish and onions . They are an acquired taste and do n't taste like a real hot dog , but the taste to me is flavorful in a vege dog kind of way ! If you have never tried them before you might consider a single can from Kroger food store . They sell them in their organic foods section . If you decide you like them and also the idea of no risk of meat borne disease , then the best way to order is through Amazon.com . The deliver is great , shipping is free , and a grocery discount available at this time makes buying them with Amazon cheaper than through the Kroger grocery store . Hope this was helpful to you ! PS I also prefer them over the Vegelinks , however my 12 yo grandson prefers the vegelinks , so I buy both .
 Vegetarian for many years . This product is great . Guests do n't even realize that they are not reg . franks . They freeze well after you open the can . We use five at a time and freeze for another date . Put dough over them as well for a blanket and bake . Have been using this product for over 20 years and will continue to do so .
 I love linketts . I 'm a vegetarian . I 've had meat in my youth . They are n't meat . But they 're a great substitute and provide a consistency and flavor to aid meat eaters in becoming vegetarian.Wow . I ordered these yesterday afternoon , and they arrived before noon today , in a snow/ice day when the city is shut down and everyone is working at home and schools are closed . Super saver shipping . Wow .
 I have enjoyed these veggie hot dogs since I was a child ... now my children love them too ! a value compared to buying in the local health market.thanks amazon !
 I was raised on these , and now my kids love them ! We usually just heat them in the microwave . They are good with soup , spaghetti-o 's , dinner , lunch , etc. . I like them cold , sliced on a salad or in a sandwitch with lettuce , tomato , etc. . There is no meat in these , so you do n't need to cook them . They can also be used in most ways hot dogs can , except I do n't think these taste that good boiled . You can grill them , cut them into baked beans , roll them in Pillsbury Crescent rolls and bake , etc. . They are very versatile and a good source of protein that my kids will eat !
 They are vegan , they taste like the meat hot dogs I used to eat before I went vegetarian , and they are pre-cooked so you can eat them right from the can for quick protein . They have a nice texture and taste , and are packed in liquid , which I drain off and then save them in plastic bags in the fridge or freezer . They freeze and thaw in the fridge with no problem .
 I love Linketts , they have been a favorite since I was a kid . If you were n't raised eating them you might not like them but if you like trying new things and like other vegetarian foods you should try these . I use them just as meat eaters use regular hot dogs . They taste great fried with Worthington chili . You can also be creative with these and come up with some great recipes . One of my favorites uses brown rice , olive oil , onion powder , stewed tomatoes , canned black beans , and sliced Linketts and then putting it in tortillas . It is one of the greatest recipes ever just do n't leave out any of the ingredients I once forgot to add the black beans and it was n't even close to as amazing.Also since the Linketts are not meat based it not a problem to eat them straight from the can but DO NOT judge the taste based on that alone because they taste completely different when they are fried or grilled . Also I think most people would only like them fried or grilled especially people who are or were meat eaters .
 My family does not eat meat ... my 7 year old daughter has never eaten meat . She loves soy dogs and after trying different products she and we like loma linda linketts the best .
 My husband is vegetarian , and our 6-year old son and I are not , but all of us are fighting over the Loma Linda Linkettes , especially when they are just fresh out of the can . They keep well in the fridge , and we found they have to stay in the liquid from the can to keep the taste . To me , they kind of taste a little fishy , which I like . We eat them cold with ketchup or without , or warmed up with a side of sauteed onions and tomatoes . Mmmm ... I think I 'll go have one right now!The only problem with them is that they disappear from both brick-and-mortar and online stores . Just like now , Amazon does n't have them all of a sudden and they had no idea when they 'll be back when I called to inquire . Hope Loma Linda does n't discontinue them , we do n't really like any of their other products.Also , they may not be the healthiest thing on Earth . True , they are veggie , but I do n't think it 's a natural pink coloring and I am not sure about other chemicals they use in them . I do n't really care though , it still beats eating mad cows ! : -RRB-
 I have been eating loma linda products since 1970 and i love them all . These are the best hot dogs I 've tasted . Amazon has prices lower than the Seventh Day Advenst stores too .
 I 'm a vegetarian trying to be vegan . My kids and I love linketts and prefer them to any vegan dog we have tried yet . Their flavor is not too strong or too weak . Tastes great plain , on a bun or with baked beans .
 I also live in Dallas Texas area . You can get these at the ABCS veggie market ! I LOVE THIS !!!! Very yummy stuff !
 There is no alternative ... these are THE BEST ! I 'm so glad I found these at a discount . I have been eating these for 30 years ... they are amazing . You can eat them cold right out of the can for a quick delicious treat too ; -RRB-
 My family goes through these by the case . We cook them in the microwave for the kids who like them cut up with apple sauce . We grill them and sometimes fry them in peanut oil . They are the best fake dog that we have found and about the only thing my son will eat .
 I grew up on these , so I 've always loved them . All three of my sons love them , too . My omni husband also likes them a lot . I just wish the company would make a soy free version , since my husband is soy intolerant and ca n't eat them as often as he 'd like !
 I love this product , so easy to use , and full of nutritional value . I used them for hot dogs , paella , mix with vegetables , as filling for pastry . As snack at night when feeling hungry they are perfect , few saltines and a linkett or two . They do not have MSG !
 If you like plain old veggie hot dogs , not the fancy apple or spice blends , then these will probably work well for you . They 're the closest thing I 've found to a beef frank in a vegan version . I 've been buying these for years , since way back in the 70 's in Berkeley when I first discovered vegetarian eating . These are just plain old links with fairly thin skins that absorb the flavors of other foods somewhat when you add them to another dish . They are the only ones that I use when making sauerkraut and mashed potatoes or with vegetarian baked beans . I 've cut them into smaller pieces and marinated them in vinegar and pepper spices to make a hot pickled sausage like you used to see in taverns in a big jar.It 's sort of weird that they come in a can but they 're packed in liquid which keeps them moist . -LRB- It 's always a challenge to get the first one out without breaking it -RRB- . I have a hard time finding this product in the grocery stores so I was delighted to find that Amazon sells them by the case and with Prime shipping it 's a good deal .
 These veggie dogs have a mild , pleasant flavor . I browned these in a non-stick skillet with a small amount of oil and combined them with vegetarian baked beans . That was yummy . I wish that they were a bit larger , since I prefer a bigger hot dog on a bun .
 We 've used these for years . They 're great . I only wish they had a low fat option .
 My mom used to get these when I was little and I ca n't get them anywhere around where I live . I am so happy Amazon carries them and get a case every 6 months . They have great flavor and texture unlike other vegetarian dogs that I have had . I like that they are in a can so I can keep them in my storage closet .
 I serve these as hotdogs for my vegetarian and Jewish friends who keep kosher . Once in a while meat eaters will try these and they like them , after I explain they are n't supposed to taste like meat and the texture might be a bit rubbery.I also serve them sliced up with fresh corn , or slice them into sandwiches , or make corn dogs out of them.Babies and toddlers also like them - just cut them in half so they can feed themselves . Much healthier than a hotdog with a bunch of mystery meats and unknown preservatives and chemicals.I 've also diced these up into homemade vegetarian pot pies .
 I grew up on these hotdogs and I love them . It is so nice to be able to get them without running around all over the place .
 As I am a vegetarian , I was looking for some products I could store . These have a five year storage life . So , this is great ! My husband and I do fetch for a can now and then when we are too busy to prepare dinner . Even though he is not a vegetarian , he loves them . How fantastic ! He says they taste better than hot dogs . He said he would like some as Christmas present -LRB- I know , so he could eat them now-lol -RRB- . Yes , Santa will get him some of these linketts .
 When most people hear that you do n't eat meat , fish , chicken , dairy , eggs , or cheese , they ask ` What DO you eat , salad and vegetables for every meal ? ' Loma Linda Linkettes are a very good meat alternative ~ not necessarily a weekly meal , but a tasty treat when you 're grilling with friends or making chili-dogs -LRB- with vegetarian chili , of course -RRB- for game-day . Most of my meat-eating friends will eat Linkettes and not feel like they 're sacrificing taste , and many of my meat-eating friends feed their children Linkettes instead of chemical-laden ` mystery meat ' hotdogs . Purchasing from Amazon by the case is much more economical than buying individual cans at the grocery or health food store .
 We have been fans of Loma Linda LInketts for 30 years . Having 3 vegetarian children in the 70 's and 80 's it was hard to find them fun foods . We grill them , boil them , fry them and mic them ! Always a favorite in our family . They are easy to take with you on a trips as they are in a can !! Better than SPAM !!!
 My boyfriend 's family introduced me to these and I am grateful . They taste great and are versatile in recipes .
 These are the closest thing to Super-Links I have found . The links are smaller in size but taste almost identical .
 Loma Linda Linketts , 20-Ounce Cans -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB- My family and I just love linkettes!The texture is firm and not mussy . The taste is subtle enough that you can add your own spices and/or sauces . We eat them with eggs for breakfast as sausage , we use them to make hot dogs for lunch and for a dinner I have diced them and put them in pasta sauce ! They are really yummy and our children beg for linkettes ... hubby likes them too ! They are an essential item in my food pantry and this is why I purchase them in bulk from Amazon . It is a great vegetarian food item . Try it ! You will not be dissapointed !
 For all you vegan and vegetarians out there , you can enjoy the taste of a goooood hot dog without the rubbery , bouncy kinds you get from the grocery freezers . Plus , if your friends are the skeptical kind who wo n't eat vegetarian foods , try these for size ! Your friends may eat them all before you will . You can search the all the stores to find these and if they sell them ... they are priced TOO high compared to ordering a case which equates to half the price for each can . You can try the Seventh Day Adventist , but you better get there before when they 're first delivered or you have to wait until the next ship rolls in . Ordering from Amazon is wonderful . The best store that delivers to your door . Loma Linda Linketts are the wayyyy to go !
 Linketts are a good source of protein , although some say they have to much sodium . They taste good hot or cold -LRB- do n't expect it to taste like a meat hot dog -RRB- . Buying through Amazon is less expensive than the stores .
 Over the years we 've tried many different types and brands of vegetarian `` hot dogs '' , and this is THE BEST . For a time when we could n't find Linketts we bought some other brands ; they were okay , but JUST okay ; better than nothing , but not really what we wanted . Since we have Linketts again we have n't touched the others . It 's no wonder these keep going out of stock ; they are wonderful . When I first saw `` Linkies '' as we call them many years ago I refused to try them because they looked too much like meat . I 'm glad I got over that because I 'd have missed these vegan treats all these years .
 This is an all natural product , and I like it a lot -LRB- I only wish it was also organic -RRB- . Amazon is pretty much the only place where you can get it from .
 These are my favorite pretzels . I have had so much trouble getting them in the US and am amazed that I found them on Amazon.com . If you like thin , light , crispy pretzels , you will love these .
 Very tasty snack . I have only seen them the last two years in NYC . Once I found them online I will definitely order them again .
 I like these because they are light and crunchy with just enough salt . They have far less calories than most American snacks . The only problem is that they are fragile . Careless handling breaks the sticks and makes the salt fall off.I have enjoyed these for years . I used to buy these in the Kosher market where I lived but I could n't find them when I moved to Massachusetts . I have ordered three boxes from Amazon in the past year and they have all arrived fresh and crisp with minimal broken sticks .
 BEIGEL PRETZELS , SUPER LONG STICKSWonderful taste , just enough salt with a very very slight sweetness to them . Served them to many friends and they raved about the size being so very thin , and very , very long . Will continue to buy these until I can no longer find them . Great snack with fruit , beer , wine or all alone ! This was a great find for me !!
 New order of pretzels were fresh and crisp . Wonderful flavor . Expiration date is July 2010 , so my guess is some earlier reviewers received pretzels that were past the `` use by '' date .
 This stuff is so tasty , especially the caramel flavor . So easy to make , too . Hard to believe something this good comes from a powdered mix .
 I ordered these for a party I was going to and they were a huge hit . Very tasty . Like the title says , they taste like an extreme version of Girl Scount Thin Mints . Even the people that did n't care for mint and chocolate liked them.The bag had about 8-10 pieces of various sizes . It was very good chocolate . Not waxy like some.I will buy more in the future , for sure .
 I LOVE these dogs BUT you have to know how to cook them . . so here 's the method I use . . First you must rinse them since they have a sort of brine that is not that good kind . . then soak them in a bit of liquid smoke -LRB- if you have it -RRB- and water if you have it . . also optional for those who like it spicy add a dash of chili powder . Now since they virtually have no fat add a little/some oil to your pan and coat them before you start to cook or they will stick to pan . . and fry to lightly browned on a few edges . . you can also bar b que them . . add the usual and they are great !!!! . . not soggy . . but yes the reviewer who said soggy . . you will get that if you just eat out of can without rinsing and then micro . . you need to rinse and cook . . but it only takes a few mins . . experiment and you will LOVE them too !
 Big Franks are the best vegetarian frank that I have ever tried . They taste far better than real meat weiners . They have a somewhat soft texture and could be easily broken down and used in a casserole or some other recipe . They come in a broth that could also be used to add flavor to recipes . I dare anyone to who hates meat analogues to not be pleased with this product . I ca n't say enough about Big Franks !
 These franks have such a great flavor . Unfortunately for me , I could eat one after the other AFTER the other , and I 'm NOT kidding!They are a bit softer than some of the other vegetarian hot dogs , but , that 's easily solved ... just do n't stick a fork in one and walk around with it . Simple , right ? They work perfectly fine in hot dog buns and can be chopped up and used in recipes .
 I have introduced these to many people that were not vegetarians and have yet to find anyone that does not like them ! I wish Amazon would start carrying them again .
 I LOVE these !!! I grew up on them but everyone I have try them end up loving them too - including my boyfriend who lives by meat . It is often a turn off when people see they come packed in cans . Ignore that part because they are fantastic and very high in protein . I did catch my boyfriend trying to boil them - not recommended ! You can microwave them -LRB- about 1 min -RRB- , fry them on non-stick , put on BBQ , or my favorite way - over a camp fire ! Yummy : -RRB-
 These Sour Cream flavored crackers are kosher and parve ! If you regularly buy them at your local store , this was a great bargin . My only problems with them are that 1 -RRB- they do n't always have these in stock and 2 -RRB- the price changed dramatically from when I last bought them -LRB- $ 14 and now $ 21 -RRB- ... but still a pretty good bargin if you have free shipping .
 Beigel & Beigel 's `` Nish Nosh '' is an absolutely delicious snack cracker ! -LRB- Full disclosure
 I have been using this product for over 12 years . I try not to miss a day . I used to have noisy knees when I went up and down the stairs . I noticed a definite improvement within a month and not just in my joints but my hair , skin , and nails too . This is one you should make a regular part of your health regime . It has no taste and dissolves easily . I drink it in my tea . It 's also great to take just before bedtime . I think the calcium in it helps me sleep better .
 I have been using Nutrajoint for a couple of years and it has reduced my hip arthritis symptoms significantly . I am using one scoopful a day in my morning coffee . At first I was skeptical , having tried the glucosamine products in the past , and found no relief . Gelatin -LRB- which is the main ingredient of Nutrajoint -RRB- was recommended by my doctor -LRB- with no guarantees of course -RRB- . I had been through physical therapy for my hips , followed by regular gym exercises for about 6 months with only minimal improvement . After about 3 weeks on Nutrajoint I started noticing a reduction in the frequency of hip joint pain episodes , even after relatively vigoruous physical activity . I continued to improve and now only experience discomfort in my hips infrequently compared to every week a few years ago . Nutrajoint is not a cure , but , combined with regular physical workouts , it has made living with hip arthritis alot easier . The only `` side effect '' I have noticed is that I am trimming my finger and toe nails more frequently -LRB- of course , that indicates that Nutrajoint is doing its job !! -RRB-
 Been using Knox Nutrajoint for years . At my mother 's suggestion , to help w/my athletic arthritis , I started taking Nutrajoint and was amazed that in two months , the pain was gone . I continued taking it for years and was able to exercise freely with no pain . For no reason , I just stopped taking it . And was sorry I did !! After two years , the pain came back . I started taking it again recently and am back !!! No pain in the knees at all ! It is a wonderful product and I highly recommend it !
 I was skeptical in first but actually I have been feeling lot better on my fingers joints and also my nail became very healthy and strong I have been keeping my French with my natural nails ... !!! I have been mixing with my soy protein shake in the morning as my breakfast and it doesnt have any strange taste sonperfect !
 Well I ran upon this product , Osteo Bi-Flex Knox Nutrajoint with Gelatin.I knew that knox gelatin help with your finger nails to make them grow.So I thought that it could n't hurt to start taking it for my joints.I have bone on bone rubbing in both knees and the Doctors told me somewhere down the road they had to be replaced.I thought there might be something else I could do.And the Gelatin has helped so much.I have just a slight pain in my knee now when it rubs.I have gotten this product at Amazon.com
 I have been using this for five years ! Really helps lessen the arthritis . It is getting hard to find in town . So glad to find it here .
 I have always had joints that would pop and crack during motion . While I have no way of insuring it will work for everyone , it works for me . I had to take it for an extended time before it showed results , but now I can maintain on less product . The taste is not very attractive , but after awhile it is n't too bad . I have to believe that using this has helped with some lower back problems I had before regular use . It wo n't always prevent them , but it seems to expedite recovery .
 This product brought me back from the brink many years ago after injuring my ankle with overzealous exercise . I am unable to use any of the newer products for joint pain that contain Chondroitin and Glucosamine because I am allergic to both . This formulation of Nutrjoint contains neither and still gives me the same benefits . It is very hard to find these days as all the joint pain remedies seem to be opting for the C/G formulation so I am grateful that I can still get it at Amazon . It is well worth the price.I mix it in juice and drink it every single day . I 'm 72 years old and can proudly say that I do n't suffer the joint pains that are common to people my age and I feel I owe it to Nutra Joint and regular reasonable exercise .
 I usually bought this at my local drugstores until they stopped carrying it . I looked to amazon and here it is . I use it for my female boxer , she has arthritis in her left knee and after a long day of agility she could hardly walk . Someone recommended this product UNFLAVORED and after about a month of daily doses , she can run and jump all day long !! I highly recommend this product ... it does take time to work though . I mix hers with her food and she now gets it twice a week for maintenance .
 Many years ago I got maximum joint relief from NutraJoint . After not finding it at the supermarket I tried many different types of joint items . Unhappy with my efforts , I found NutraJoint on Amazon and immediately ordered some . I am once again happy with the relief it gives me . I intent to continue using NutraJoint in the future .
 I have always had problems with my knees and Achilles tendon problems , I have added this to my post workout shakes . I feel like I can do heavier lifts without knee pain and also can walk farther and harder before my Achilles starts to hurt .
 I ca n't believe this product has been around for so long and we 've only just discovered it now ! I opened my first can of Diced Chik last month with a little trepidation after buying it at a local Kosher grocery store for a whopping $ 5.99 a can . I opened the can , turned to the fridge to get some mayo , and turned around to discover my three kids chowiing it down right out of the can ! The taste and texture really are so good that you truly can eat it right out of the can , no sauce , no cooking , nothing ! There are n't too many meat substitute products out there that can boast that!In the past month I 've used Diced Chik in chili , soup , tacos , omlettes , a pot pie ... it 's great for kids who may not like the flavor of beef substitute products . I have yet to find anything you ca n't use it in . For my family of five , we definitely need two cans for dinner . Our brownie troop has several vegetarian girls and we are definitely going to be taking Diced Chik camping with us .
 This is very handy , especially during the summer time . My favorite use of it is for chicken salad , made with celery , onion , and mayo or salad dressing . Delicious !
 Diced Chik tastes just like Fri Chik - except it 's cubed . It goes teriffic in a homemade vegetarian pot pie or `` chicken '' salad . I have used it in heavenly rice casserole and it was perfect . I prefer using it in casseroles over Fri Chik because it seems to stretch farther and it is diced better than I could dice up Fri Chik . It has a tasty broth like Fri Chik , that you could do countless things with , like
 This stuff is great ! I used to clean out my local grocery of this product when ever it was stocked . I was so happy to find it here on Amazon after more than a year of not seeing it anywhere . I hate that it 's unavailable now . It was a unique product ... there is n't another one like it on the market !
 I order these quite allot and they last me for a few months . My last order was March 4 , 2010 . I purchased `` Loma Linda Tender Bits , 19-Ounce Cans -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB- '' for $ 46.80 & `` Worthington Diced Chik , Fat Free , 13-Ounce Cans -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB- '' for $ 52.43 Sold by
 My family loves Diced Chik ! And now , thanks to Amazon 's Subscribe & Save , we 'll always have them in our pantry.One of our favorite uses are with Emeril 's tortilla soup recipe that you can find on Foodnetwork 's website . We also like to use it in a sauce over rice . Saute sliced onions in margarine , add a can of mushroom soup -LRB- do n't dilute it with milk or water -RRB- , then when that 's all heated up , add about 1/2 cup of peas -LRB- more if you 'd like -RRB- and a can of Diced Chik gravy and all . Heat that all up and scoop over rice . Quick , easy , and delicious .
 Diced chickAdd mayo - can of peas makes a great imitation chicken salad or tuna salad without the NASTY smelling tuna .
 I 'm a vegetarian who has tried just about all varieties of meat alternatives , and this unique product has one purpose in my life . I use it to make a chicken/tuna salad that the texture is perfect for . I mash things up a bit and the taste and unique texture is perfect . There are many other better chicken alternatives for other recipes/uses , but this is really perfect if you are looking to make a chicken or tuna salad type recipe/sandwich , etc. . .
 When used in a salad or recipe , you could probably fool some meat eaters with this . I have not been a vegetarian very long , so I do remember what chicken tastes like . The broth from the can is also good . I have used that in soups & such when I was using the Diced Chik for other things .
 tried the product for the first time-not bad-i need to figure out creative uses for it-maybe a chickn ' salad . My only complaint was packaging was poor-box was not strong enough and a few cans were dented .
 Grew up with this stuff and am happy to see it for sale at Amazon .
 Although the name implies this may be a chicken alternative , I prefer to think of it as a tuna substitute ! Yum - Can you say tuna melt or tuna casserole ! I really love it , so much in fact that I bought a case ! Plus buying it online saved me approximately $ 3 a can and free shipping ! Great Product , Great Deal ! Need I say More ?
 This product is not only tasty , it can be used in so many ways . It does not have the fat or cholesterol of meat .
 It 's great for making a chicken salad sandwich as it is a small dice . It also works well to make a small dice Waldorf Salad . Convenient , shelf stable staple to have on hand for homemade fast-food fare .
 I agree with Ms Brown , this is a great product to use in place of tuna or poltery . It tastes great and is healhty for you .
 The perfect gift for the chocolate lover , but they are so pretty that my wife wo n't eat them . Lovely presentation , safe and fast shipping , very reasonable price .
 Bacos are n't bacon ; they do n't taste nearly as good . On the other hand , check out the nutrition facts . Very little fat -LRB- no saturated fat -RRB- , little sodium , little carbohydrates , no cholesterol . I 'd rather have something that gives me some of the flavor of bacon without the fat and so on -LRB- as much as I love the real thing ! -RRB- . This adds a nice taste to salad , and it can be used in certain other recipes.So , while it 's not great , it does do the trick . This is a staple in my kitchen .
 I 'm not a vegetarian but I 've been eating Bac-Os for years . While it 's very true that they do n't taste exactly like bacon , they do n't really have to because they taste pretty good themselves . They were originally marketed as a salad topping , in place of bacon bits if you like , and then found to be tasty on many other things . I like them on/in baked potatoes , pancakes , eggs , and just about anywhere else I want some little crunchy smokey & salty ; flavored treats . They are a hell of a lot more conventient than bacon , and cheaper than bacon bits in a jar . Probably safer too , as I 'm not too sure how long real bacon bits are good for even covered in salt and in a jar.Anyway , Bac-Os have always been very good for what they are and I 'm glad that Betty Crocker still makes them.Amazon does indeed sell things that are close to their expiration date but I do n't think it matters with this one .
 Good product , better than McCormick ! Good service from seller.Can ' t get this product -LRB- Bits -RRB- any more from the stores in the Phoenix area . Do n't like the chips . I suppose McCormick has bought out all of the shelf space . Hope it stays available on the net . It tastes more baconey than the dried up bacon that the competitors have . Clearly superior !
 These are getting harder to find in the stores , but I think they are perfect on salad and green veggies . Small & crunchie . BacOs Bits are my favorites .
 I 'm glad I decided to buy this bulk package of BacOs . My husband and teenage son are constantly eating these out of the jar and I never got to have them on my salads and baked potatoes . The pack of 12 has allowed me to stash a few jars for my own use and should keep us stocked for a while .
 Great product . Great price.Baco 's Bacon Bits seem to have disappeared from my local grocery shelves . Too bad , these are the best of the artificial bacon bits.Glad to have someplace where they are still available .
 just what I was looking for and at such a great price for the quantity !!
 I bought these for my friend in the UK who asked I bring them next time I came . I do n't know how available they are over there , but when I was looking for them , seems like a lot of Brits want Baco 's . Turn about fair play -- I buy Branston Pickle when I 'm over the pond . I had n't had Baco 's in years , so I kept a jar for myself -- yummy . Makes salad more fun .
 I am back to purchase another case . I was a bit hesitant because I loved the regular Fri Chiks and some people commenting said the low fat ones did n't taste the same . Well , they tasted good , a bit drier than the regular ones but the gravy seems the same . I think the flavor is fine . They are great in curry sauce or plain with mashed potatoes covered in that nice gravy . Delicious .
 With a name like FriChik , you 'd expect that this would resemble chicken , right?Well , not to me . While the nuggets are similar in shape to the formed McNuggets , the taste is much more like a juicy beef meatball or meatloaf.Sodium is high here , so it may not be a good choice as a regular meal , with when I have a case of them , it 's hard to make them stretch - they 're a favorite.They 're packed in a rather unappealing liquid , that I make sure to drain and rinse off . Others have claimed to have a use for this liquid , but I 've not found anything I 've liked .
 excellent product - this is not the same as reg frichik - do not buy thinking it is - texture And taste is very different - but , both have their place in a veg kitchen - best of all - slice in half lengthwise - batter dip - deep fat frying - ahhhhhhh - not low fat now !
 These are veggie chicken nuggets in a can - imagine ! They are nice in a sort of chicken parmesan , in a sandwich , or just heated up . In fact , I often just drain the can and eat them cold with mustard . They really satisfy my cravings for something substantial .
 I rarely find a person that does n't like this . I roll it in flour and fry it . Also , the liquid makes a great gravy that almost everyone I 've tried it on loves . Brown flour , add the liquid -LRB- also the frichik if desired , fried already or not -RRB- and prepare as regular gravy . Yummy !
 Heed the advice to find a source for a single can to try before buying the 12-pack . I am not vegetarian , but I do like vegetarian foods from time to time as an alternative . These are better than a lot of real chicken nuggets I have had . They are a bit too salty , for my tastes , to eat as-is with the gravy . No MSG on the label for the FriChik . The label on the can shows 400mg Sodium per serving -LRB- about a 1000mg for the can -RRB- and 0g dietary fiber , which differs from the nutritional data under the product info . I 'd rate them a four , considering , knock off one star for the salitness . I 'll finish the case , but will unlikely order again for that reason .
 When I ordered this I did n't realize it was low fat . It did n't really make a difference though -- It is just as good as the regular and I love it . I looked all over for someplace I could get this locally but no one sells it . This is really good if you like vege food .
 I have used this product many times in my vegetarian dishes . Several months ago the super market I shopped at stopped carrying it . This cut my vegie dishes in about half . I am thrilled to be able to order it online . I think it is a great product . I could not find anything to replace it that was any good . I also really like Worthington 's Vega Links .
 I love these and the fact that they are low-fat is a definite bonus ; the gravy is awesome and I like them so much that I sometimes will get such a craving that I 'll eat them just by themselves < g > . My favorite way to have them is in a recipe called `` Mock Chicken Casserole '' . There 's not really that big a difference between the low-fat version and the original , higher-fat one , so I 'd rather use these and save on the fat . Many times on Thanksgiving and at Christmas , I 'll have these in place of the turkey most of my family has and I feel lucky that I get to eat them all by myself -LRB- well , I used to get them all to myself until one of my nephews decided to become vegetarian , too ; so , now I have to share ... lol -RRB- . They 're VERY flavorful and juicy .
 An excellent shot of protein ! I even like them cold . They 're also great heated with mashed potatoes on the side .
 Wonderful meat alternative . No , it does not taste like chicken but it is a delicious protein source .
 These are great to use in stir fry or many other recipes . It is some what more healthy for you as well .
 Tasty plant-based substitute for chicken - which is actually more moist , and is more predictable in texture than the animal form . Plus it has an extended shelf life , and is less messy . Did I mention it is tasty ?
 Tastes wonderful , great meat substitute , kids love it too , low in fat , eat it all the time , grew up eating it
 I would recommend this product to anyone who chooses a vegetarian diet . It is tasty and versatile . I use it grated as a sandwich spread , thinly sliced in stir fries , sliced with stuffing -LRB- for holiday meals -RRB- , and occasionally breaded and fried as an entree . Do not expect it to be `` chicken '' but expect it to be an alternative to chicken . I use it often .
 I love being able to buy Worthington products on Amazon . You ca n't beat the convenience . As for FriChik specifically , I was raised an SDA vegetarian and grew up eating it . But since I 've never really eaten meat , I ca n't comment on how it might compare to real chicken . But I would guess that it 's not very much like the real thing . These `` chiks '' come in gravy so they 're very moist . I think there 's usually five to a can .
 I 've been eating Fri Chik for over 30 years . This low fat version is not much different in taste . I fry it in a flour mixture and spices that I like , soul flavor , garlic , onion . I use the liquid with added water to make a simple gravy from an envelope mix , a few boiled potatoes , veggie , salad ... whatever . perfect meal . When I was younger , my family used Fri Chik along with the canned vegetarian burger to form a mock turkey loaf for holidays . I also love to eat the Fri Chik straight out of the can .
 Note to Amazon , please continue to carry this product and all the other worthinton and loma lima products . It is so hard for me to find these .
 While I do recall these might not be as delectable as the full-fat version , I 'd have to have them side by side to say for sure , and even then I believe the difference probably would n't be enough to raise a fuss over . I like these so much I eat them right out of the can . Then there 's the added bonus of left over gravy ! I like to use the gravy over whole wheat egg noodles , or add to veggie broth when rehydrating tvp . The gravy freezes well until needed , and the FriChick itself stays fresh in the fridge for up to a week once opened . On it 's own I personally do n't think it actually tastes like chicken , but it quite yummy in it 's own right .
 I 've enjoyed FriChik in so many ways - hot beside fresh Maine mashed potatoes covered with FriChik gravy , cold ground up in a FriChik salad sandwich , sliced with tomato , cheese , and Miracle Whip between two slices of mom 's homemade bread is awesome too . Did I mention casseroles ? I 've tried it in dozens and it is always great . This is a family favorite .
 I have enjoyed the taste of this product for years . Now that I am purchasing it through Amazon 's subscription plan I am getting the lowest price and delivery to my front door .
 Okay , here is the best way to cook this stuff . Get some Nutritional Yeast or Brewer 's Yeast . Coat the Fri-Chik in the yeast and fry . Mmmmmm Mmmmmmmm Good !
 Worthington Low Fat FriChik , 12.5-Ounce Cans -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB- We slice and smother with tomatoes , onions , garlic , peppers - serve over rice . Also good mashed and used as a base for chicken-like sandwich spread
 Still a great product but , I did n't realize they were `` low fat '' . A little dryer and more ` compressed ' than the ones I remember . Must be all that fat ! :-RRB- Still tastes great , great price and fast shipping .
 This is a great vegetarian meat to add to anything you would add chicken to . Definitely a great substitute for meat .
 i had been trying to find this in the stores and am over the moon that i can get it on amazon ... fri chik is once again a staple in our household . the only problem is that it is difficult not to eat the entire can in one sitting !!
 I love this stuff ! It makes a great sandwich spread if mashed up with mayonnaise . My kids eat it out of the can . Makes good sandwiches . My favorite way , though , is fried in PAM and browned on both sides so the outside is crunchy . Oh yeah , I slice it in two so it 's thinner . My sister-in-law puts it in flour and fries it in olive oil . But then , if you are going to do that , forget getting low fat ! LOL !
 We use frichik in casseroles with pasta or in egg foo yung patties with bean sprouts . It is also great alone and just heated through . FriChik is a versatile and tasty meat replacement . We have used it for over 40 years .
 I 've always enjoyed Worthington products . As a vegetarian it 's hard to find a variety of high quality meatless products .
 A great meat substitute - good in oriental stir fry - or with the gravy that comes in the can - served over potatoes . Good on egg noodles .
 I like all the Big Acres sauces , but this one is special because it 's great straight up , or spiced up as you prefer . Here in Texas we sometimes like fire coming out of our ears , but Big Acres is a lot more polite to their dinner guests . So if you are more rowdy than reserved , you might want to throw in some jalapeno on this one . Why not add some zip to their Hot @ Spicy sauce instead ? Well , that 'd be like gilding the lily , frankly . And I LOVE the maple syrup/dark molasses flavor of this one , with the zip of jalapeno added for `` bite . `` The best thing about using it straight is that it 's not only a good marinade -LRB- three or four hours is great , overnight is Special -RRB- , but you can also use it as a brush-on sauce during cooking . It does n't overpower the flavor of your barbecue , whether fish , pork , chicken , or beef.Big Acres ' Web site has lots of recipes -- try those , too . You 'll like 'em .
 Lakewood 's Pina Colada is my absolute favorite juice . It is utterly delicious and fresh . So excited Amazon sells it . If you like `` Pina Colada '' in general , you will love this organic healthy juice .
 i have a sister that is legally blind , she has celiac , so i cook her food , and when we first tried the cornbread muffin mix , it tasted great like regular cornbread to us , i say us because i eat it also , but it is hard to find in stores , that proves to me that others like it also , , , thanks
 The Stirling Gourmet Gingerbread Coffee Flavoring is just the best during the holidays ; gives your coffee , latte , or capuccino a great holiday flavor that you can linger over in the morning . I enjoy my morning cup of coffee more since I have started using the Stirling Flavorings , as they are the best I have tried , and the Gingerbread is so good for the holidays . I have also used it on ice cream ; yum !
 Everyone really Loved this in their coffee - Many thought I purchased it from overseas !
 My 11 month old daughter loves these ! We give them to her at the end of every meal for a delicious and nutritious dessert . They 're a great alternative to Gerber 's Biter Biscuits .
 Finally the first reseller in UNITED STATES.My son keep eating it!Only one thing that I noticed is the missing expiration date on the package which should be VISIBLE and READABLE .
 Easy to chew , easy to mix , low on calories , high on vitamins and tastes great !
 I buy these for my baby -LRB- 17months -RRB- . you can melt them in a bottle of milk . good product .
 These cookies are healthy , they melt easily in cold and warm milk and add an excellent nutrition to our kids diet . My 21 months old son takes them twice a day with milk and does n't need any other snacks in between meals . Todays cookies are absolutely full of unhealthy ingredients , Plasmon are not that case .
 I have searched high and low for good baby cookies and these are exactly what I was looking for , they are hard enough that they do n't crumble or get slimy right away . My baby loves them . I think they are much better than the thin rice wafers that are carried in many stores now . They are pricey but you get a lot in a box . I think they are worth it .
 When you are a grown up , you want your kids to experience the good things that you had in your childhood . This is one of them
 I have been purchasing this product for years . From 2 months to 90 years old , everyone can benefit from these cookies . For all of my children -LRB- I have 3 -RRB- I have put one cookie in at least 2 of their bottles a day . They love them .
 My local health food store has these for $ 6.89 a bottle ... $ 6.89 x 6 is $ 41.34 , cheaper than the $ 45.84 directly from the manufacturer , and that is n't even counting the insane $ 25 shipping cost.Now of course , my local health food store probably is n't anywhere near you , but my point is , ordering this product online seems quite pointless , especially factoring in the shipping , unless you live in the middle nowhere . Considering this is direct from the manufacturer themselves , you 'd think the price would be something reasonable.As for the juice , it 's quite delicious , and I try to have several glasses a week .
 I initially bought this blueberry juice as a potential grape juice substitute . I wanted something a little less sweet and not at all like the overly concentrated grape juice sold in stores . This juice certainly lived up to my expectations . It 's delicious , and I really appreciate the health benefits . The bottles all come very well packed in safe , sturdy packaging . I am very pleased with this company and product .
 This juice is very flavorful . It is not sweetened , so do n't be surprised by the taste . I would recommend it .
 This IS the best organic pure blueberry juice . I wish all the juice where pure . try this you will love it . I put it in a wine glass and nobody knows , Im not drinking wine .
 The quality and taste of this pure juice was wonderful , though the product was pricey . Used to make gourmet ice creams and gelatos which all at the Family Reunion truly enjoyed to cap off a great slow smoked meats and bbq feast . This along with the black cherry and pomegranate pure juices were a great and indispensable asset to make the deserts . Thank you from the chef and all the family !
 I bought this because of it 's very low sodium content and it has a great taste because of the peppers in it .
 Lakewood 's ORGANIC 100 % PURE Pomegranate Juice is expensive compared to Wild Oats 's brand , but it 's organic -LRB- Wild Oats ' is not -RRB- , and pure pomegranate . The flavor is outstanding , and it come in glass bottles , a definite plus over plastic . Shipping was reasonably fast and the packing was also outstanding . My only complaint
 I was interest in this particular brand of juice because it is not from concentrate and I know wo n't being getting filtered tap water with frozen bits of fruit . Also because it 's organic , I know I wo n't be drinking unneeded chemicals to prolong shelf life . I 'm fairly certain all drinks -LRB- at least juices -RRB- need to be pasteurized if bottled . This is the next best thing to pressing the pomegranate juice in your own home . The taste was delicious and I still drank in the antioxidants and nutrients found in pomegranate . Because I do not have the time or instruments to press the pomegranate myself , this is convenient for me to just pour and go . Although it is a little pricey , I figure my well being is worth it .
 Lakewood pure 100 % Pomegranate Juice is $ 9.99 at Whole Foods . Excellent Product . Amazon should be more competitive on the Price
 This company not only has the best tasting popcorn , but also the best customer service I have ever experienced in any business.My order was small but the customer service dept treated my order as if it was a million dollar order . I needed it fast and they made every effort to get it to me faster than I requested . After receiving it early they followed up with a phone call to make sure I received it and was happy with my order as well.I will purchase my popcorn for work events and gifts from this company many more times ... ! thanks
 Our family loves all of the Worthington/Loma Linda products , but I was concerned about meatless hot dogs since I think most of them remind me of Play Doh . Fortunately , the Veja Links are very tasty and they are nice and firm like real hot dogs . Buying these cases from Amazon Grocery is a nice deal , too . I hope they continue to carry them !
 For a vegetatian `` hot dog '' these are the best in taste . Some others have a very unpleasant taste , however good for you they are , my only hope is that Amazon continues to carry these and other Worthingtn and Loma Linda products . These are great because you need not freeze or refigerate them . You only need to open the can that will store for a long time on the shelf .
 I grew up eating these when by grandfather was still alive . He was a vegatarian . I love them ... I will continue to order these as we get low on stock .
 Love these hotdogs over the frozen ones in the stores . So easy to use and taste great . Freezes well too
 Worthington Leanies are the best veggies hot dog IMHO . But they are n't widely available . Veja-Links is the next best choice . Pleasant hot dog taste with the right texture . They grill up nice and will get that crusty outside . There are 10 in a can and they are only about 5 inches long so I often use one and a half in bun . Only 50 calories a link . We buy a case at the beginning of summer and eat all them summer long .
 By way if the Worthinton web site I found vega links on Amazon . Eureka !! I never knew.I wish I did n't have to order a case , but very happy with a childhood favorite
 I have been eating veja-links for over 12 years . I have ate them since I was about 7 . They are great , I can no longer eat real hot dogs because they taste gross now . Veja-links have totally ruined them for me and that I am glad ! Pop open the can and eat them cold or warm them up -LRB- boil , microwave , grill , etc. -RRB- I love them on a hot dog bun with ketchup and real mayonaise . It will not disappoint !
 Unable to locate this product at our local store near me , purchasingit on-line was extremely easy and reasonable . I was impressed withthe free shipping at the time , just before Christmas , and speed withwhich it was delivered . I will be using Amazon.com more in the future .
 I have been eating vegetarian products for most of my life ! For a vegetarian hot dog these really are n't to bad . Taste great mashed and mixed with mayonaise , used as a spread !
 Ok so I am biased , I grew up with these things , I also love real meat , but these are much better than regular hot dogs , the flavor is more delicate , the texture is fine and they are just fine with a bit of pan frying or even cold . They are not the best appearance wise for grilling , but even then they taste pretty good . Now for the the evil recipe . THIS IS A GREAT HIGH FAT , HIGH CALORIE , LOW FIBER RECIPE !!!!! Shred a can of veja-links with a food processor or hand grater add about 50 % of the link volume of shredded sharp cheddar cheese , add a good measure of real mayonnaise , mix well to form a heavy mass . Spread some of this mixture on slices of WHITE sour dough bread , broil in oven tell slightly brown . The cheese will melt some . Let cool a little and eat . Super scrumptious and loaded with fat and calories -- mmmmm good!Your friend in good old high fat eatingDogfoodman !!!
 Enjoyed these years ago and was happy to find them here . Still great taste 20 + years later . Better than real hot dogs and better for you !
 These vegetarian `` hot dogs '' are really good . They have the right texture , which most tofu dogs and the like do n't have at all . The seasoning is very good too . They stay firm boiled or grilled , although you cook them less than a product containing meat . They only have 50 calories each , and 3 grams of fat , only 0.5 grams of that is saturated . They have 0 cholesterol and 0 trans fats . They only have 180 mg of sodium . If you 're doing Dr. Fuhrman 's `` Eat to Live '' and you 're just going nuts for some meat , try grilling one of these babies and slap it on a whole wheat pita bread . It will kill those cravings and keep you from doing something you 'll regret .
 Vegi-Links are a delicious subtitute for meat hotdogs . They are the best flavored and textured of any products I have used . Grill , fry or microwave , put on a bun with your favorite condiments and you are sure to enjoy . Kids of all ages love them also .
 I 've been an ethical vegetarian for 35 years , but I still `` like '' the taste of meat . These hot dogs are the best vegetarian dogs I have tasted - on a warm bun , with good mustard and whatever else - they are delicious !
 My husband was adament that he would n't like this `` fake '' meat . He LOVED it . I love it . Of couse it tastes nothing like real meat but it is delicious and is a great source of protein . If you want to reduce your fat intake and animal protein you will really love this product . I could sit and eat this product right out of the can .
 I was very happy with my product . It was shipped very quickly and packed well . I saved a lot of money on this product too because the canned vegetarian products are only sold at one store within a 40 mile radius of my house and they rape you on the price !! -LRB- around 7-8 dollars per can -RRB-
 We discovered Veja-links while we were doing a 6 weeks camping trip from MI to CA and as many national parks we could hit in that time . V_L saved our dinner problems many times -- like when we got into the park after dark and needed to eat and get the tents up . We ate them cold mixed with vegetarian beans -LRB- no pork -RRB- . They are a great quickie meal when we are doing a 70 hour work week , great on a bun with sourkraut , or toppings and pickles , or just the kiddie standard of ketchup . Grilled in the summer is good too for a different taste . We buy by the case , they do n't last long around here . Enjoy!Diane Kalata
 Veja-Links are a soy `` hot dog '' that is a nice alternative to the real thing . I really like to use them to make a spread . Boiled eggs , onion , relish and ground up Veja-links makes a good sandwich spread . You can grill them or make pigs-in-a-blanket just like you would with real hot dogs . The one thing that is different is no animal `` by products '' whatever that means .
 Veja-Links are great as are most of the Worthington products . There was a time when it was difficult to find these products but then Kellogg bought the company along with Morningstar Farms and the products were available . Then Amazon started selling them but something happened.Although Amazon lists 20 Worthington brands , at present they offer only two . You might want to search for 7th Day Adventist bookstores which also sell Worthington .
 My 6yo daughter has Type 1 Diabetes and Celiac so it is difficult to find tasty treats that she can enjoy with the family . I have made both a pumpkin and double crust apple pie using the Perfect Pie Crust for a holiday get together . I did n't tell anyone the pies were gluten free and sugar free -LRB- I cook with Splenda -RRB- and everyone loved them . The only downside is that the dough can be difficult to roll and put in a pie pan . I have found it works best with extra GF flour for rolling and if that fails I just place the dough into the pan and mold it by hand . The crust comes out light and flakey and is delicious . I recommend giving it a try .
 This hand made chocolate has a tangy lemony-sweet taste that is unique . We kept wishing the pack was two or three times the 2.4 ounce size . Like shoo-fly pie , you `` never get enough of that wonderful stuff . '' These were great Christmas stocking stuffers for both kids and adults , and they would be equally nice as a birthday gift or an `` I like you ! '' surprise at any time .
 I just love this sauce it has a really deep flavor without being too hot . The natural smoke of the Chipotle peppers is fantastic on grilled chicken . But my favorite is slow baked beef short ribs in this sauce - you will get raves from your family !
 This product is excellent . I took a chance on buying a couple of cases of the 14oz cans because there are no preservatives or additives . It is just Beef , salt , and pepper . They actually cook it in the can and it is the most delicious canned mean I 've ever eaten.There is no water added but when you open the can there is plenty of juice , which is great for flavoring soup , chili , or you can even make it into gravy if you want.I intended to keep it for an emergency food suppy or for camping but I find myself using it all the time not just because its easy but because its so darned good . Beef burgandy is a snap , I also add it to chili beans , in mexican food , and in seveal other recipies.The chunks really are chunks which are larger than you would typically eat in a bite but that is part of what makes it so versitle . You can cube it down to smaller chunks or you can shred the meat quickly with a fork and it is like having a slow cooked roast.These beef chunks are tender and delicious , and they are from Indiana U.S.A. Wow , we can still do something right.I will be buying more without a doubt .
 With the free shipping it was a good deal . The taste is excellent . When frozen , it 's almost as good as ice cream -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- .
 The nice cold can of Slim-Fast Cappuccino -LRB- my very fave flavor ! -RRB- is a perky day starter . It is delicious , easy , filled with vitamins , and an excellent meal substitute when jostling my schedule . It sure beats a donut anytime !! Its convenience is a real positive plus in choosing Slim-Fast .
 Awsome taste , it is like having a milk shake . The product works for me , keeps me from snacking all the time .
 I 've been drinking these shakes for breakfast for the past several months . They 're very convenient , taste good , and do a decent job of keeping hunger away until lunch time -LRB- though I usually have a piece of fruit halfway through -RRB- . I tried the chocolate royale flavor as well and could n't taste much of a difference . This one seems to be a bit thicker than the chocolate royale though , kind of like the difference between melted ice cream and chocolate milk . I prefer the thicker consistency and so have stuck with milk chocolate .
 I think the slimfast drink is very good and will help me lose the weight that I need
 My husband and I both prefer something quick and easy for breakfast on the go and Slimfast is our choice . The taste is great -LRB- we only use chocolate -RRB- and it really does keep us from being hungry for about 4 hours . We have it on the way to church and do n't think about food until church is over . The have a `` low carb '' version of Slimfast but it 's much more expensive and unlike Optima does n't keep you from getting hungry . I really wish there was a non-sugar version .
 this is a delicious meal replacement and it really works and it 's true what they say , that it controls hunger up to 4 hours .
 Hey i am assuming that you guys are already familiar with this product -LRB- Good Nutrition value ... far better than all other slimming capsules -RRB- so i am not gon na comment on that rather i would like to tell ya '' why from Amazon.com '' ... . I placed this order on 19 jan 09 Late evening n very next morning when i opened my door to go school ... the product was already there ... . well this is not the first time that i have received my order so real quick -LRB- next day -- usually its deliver somewhere 5pm-7pm -RRB- but this was like within 12-15 hours with a Normal Ground Shipping ... Thank You Amazon.com
 I use these shakes for a fast , easy breakfast on the run instead of for weight loss . They taste great and are very convenient ! I love the free super saver shipping on these . I ordered them and got them two days later . I 'll be ordering these again .
 For the month of September , Amazon is running a $ 25 coupon on this product if you purchase it and/or a select group of other Unilever products specified on their Sales & Special Offers page . You have to meet the $ 75 spending threshold in order to use this coupon , which is taken off at checkout when you enter the code . My husband happens to like the Chocolate Royale flavor of Optima , and he already uses it as a breakfast or lunch replacement . I made sure that he really liked this flavor because I bought him three 24-packs . In this volume , please do n't buy this product unless you already know what the drink tastes like . At the current price plus the $ 25 off and no shipping , this works out to about 82 cents a can , which is unbeatable in grocery stores , plus it is delivered to your home .
 I do love my Slimfast and get 4 cases of 24 of varying flavors delivered to me monthly by Amazon . What an excellent savings and great service.I adore Slim fast and lost 93 healthy pounds at one point with shakes and healthy eating plus exercize . I have a health condition that sometimes restricts my ability/desire to exercise . I have put back on half of what I lost but am not exercising . I have stayed steady now for months . I use the shakes for breakfast , lunch and one at bedtime to keep off the munchies . The flavors of the Optima are quite good and this CHOCOLATE ROYALE is my favorite chocolate - very tasty.I highly recommend Slim fast as long as you make sure you get all the proper nutrients in a day . I also highly recommend this Amazon discounted service that delivers them right to your door . Some people complained about dented cans in delivery . I think Amazon puts extra care in everything they deliver and if the occasional can gets dented it is not due to their packaging and it in no way makes it not usable.Highly recommend this flavor of Optima and also the Amazon delivery service .
 I have been dieting and working out three days a week . I have been having a slim fast as my lunch replacement , but have not been following their 3-2-1 program . To keep things interesting I bought this Strawberries & Cream version and a pack of the Chocolate one . I like the Chocolate Royale one better though.Taste : The taste of Strawberries & Cream is reminiscent to the taste of some desert snacks . My girlfriend loves the taste , I thought it was okay . I could definitely continue having them though . Just make sure to shake it before you eat it , and keep it in the fridge.Meal Replacement : When I `` eat '' one of these Slimfast Drinks I have noticed that it will keep me full for three or four hours . The company recommends that you have three snacks throughout the day to keep yourself from getting too hungry . As long as you make sensible choices about your snacks , you should be better off then what you would have eaten . For additional information , you can see their site about the 3-2-1 program.Results : By eating right , using slimfast as one meal , and working our three times a week , I have lost fourteen pounds in a month . Originally I weighed 188 , I am now 174 . I am 5 ' 8 '' and am fairly muscular . I am just trying to lose the extra weight I have put on from laziness and bad eating.Conclusion : The Slim-Fast is a good way to curve your appetite . As with any method to lose weight , you should work out as well . I do recommend getting a variety of flavors to keep things interesting . I knocked off 1 star cause it does n't keep me full for long enough .
 I really like the flavor of this Slim Fast . I have lost 12 pounds in the past 2 weeks by following this plan -LRB- actually , I skip the 2 snacks they recommend , I just have n't been hungry , so eating those snacks would probably have made me lose a little less weight -RRB- . I realize that 's a high number for 2 weeks , but usually the beginning is where you lose the most weight and it slows down from there.I started using it as a meal replacement for 2 meals because my beloved 15-year-old cat -LRB- my son/best friend ! -RRB- got really sick about a month ago and I started not eating anything , which is SO NOT good for you . I decided I needed SOMETHING in my stomach , and if I was too busy taking care of him , then I should use Slim Fast as a meal replacement plan . Tastes nice and smooth , not chalky .
 I have been using slimfast for approximately 4 months now ; I was hoping to see immediate results , but that did not happy ; however , I stuck in there and had my slimfast for breakfast and my slimfast for lunch -- after my system apparently `` accepted '' this diet ; I have now begun to drop pounds . I have not changed any other facet of my diet or exercise plan and I am not one who exercise regularly . Optima keeps me satisfied all day at work .
 I bought Slim-Fast Optima from Amazon for the price . I think most everyone is familiar with Slim-Fast . My husband drinks Slim-Fast during the week for breakfast and/or lunch , Monday thru Friday . It is quick , satisfying , and is a much better alternative to the other quick options offered through drive-thru or convenience store kitchens . Needless to say , at this rate it is better priced for us to buy in bulk . In our location -LRB- two hours away from any major retail store -RRB- the best price I can get is $ 20 for a 12 pack . With the free shipping offered through Amazon , it is more economical to purchase the 24 pack at $ 30 and avoid 4 hours of driving .
 I have been freezing cans of Slimfast for as long as I can remember . My original intent was to lose weight . Eventually I went from 202 lbs to 110lb . I have maintain that weight for years because I freeze a can of slimfast , open it from the bottom , and wrap a towel around it . It is my evening snack and keeps me from eating junk food . I love it . Sally
 I 'm a guy ... and this is supposed to be a meal supplement . Well , it does n't fill my body up . It 's a really good dessert after a long workout , or a quick `` breakfast '' . I 'm not sure if I can totally replace 2 meals with just this 11-ounce can.The chocolate tastes awesome . I also tried all the other flavor , even the Cappuccino Delight , which was supposed to be awesome , too . Other flavors have weird after taste which I ca n't really explain why . The chocolate was the only good one in my opinion.I 'm a pretty normal 5 ' 10 '' guy , and 1 can will hold me over until lunch time ... but I just tend to use it as a dessert.Highly recommend the Rich Chocolate Royale , other flavors are meh .
 I love these shakes , they are very convenient to take with you when you are running errands or keeping several appointments with no time for meals . I keep some in my glove compartment , so I wo n't have to go into a fast food drive through . They are also good for breakfast when you 're running late and do n't have time to prepare a meal . They taste great . When I want a thicker shake , I add fat free plain yogurt . Or , I have a banana along with the shake . It will stave off hunger for 4 hours .
 This is a great deal . However , I recommend trying the flavors before ordering . I order the vanilla and did n't drink them because the taste was unbearable .
 Tastes delicious , super convenient , and way cheaper than in the stores . A good breakfast to get your day started . Thanks , Amazon !
 I love the cappachino flavored one ... but it makes your pee smell like coffee ... and I 've read hundreds of reviews from others about that too ... Just google it . It 's very strange . But I am still going to drink it because it 's cheap and yummy . Who cares if your pee smells like coffee : -RRB-
 First of all , I 'm not at all interested in eating breakfast before 8 AM . The problem
 I 've been using the Slim Fast diet for 7 months -LRB- with some breaks here and there -RRB- and I 've lost 80 pounds . I 'm hungry all the time and that gets annoying but I have a goal in mind so that keeps me motivated not to cheat . I would have probably lost weight faster if I exercised also but I 'm lazy . Amazon 's Slim Fast is a few dollars cheaper than Wal-Mart and with Prime the 2 day shipping is free . So it is easier and cheaper to have it shipped to my door .
 This is the best deal for Slimfast I have found anywhere ! I received my order free of shipping costs and it was so convenient - I wo n't be buying my Slimfast from anywhere but Amazon from now on !
 I enjoy a slim-fast every morning before my workout and it holds me until lunch time . I 've been using this product for 5 years now and never experienced any problems . In fact , when I started to use slim-fast it was to lose 15 lbs . I lost the weight in 3-4 weeks following the slim-fast plan . I was n't over weight to begin with , but wanted to get rid of my baby weight after 5 years . I was 5 ' 5 and weighed 130 lbs before I started the plan . After 3-4 weeks , I lost the 15 lbs by having 2 shakes a day . Once I lost the weight , I started working out to tone my body and now I only have a shake a day . Today , my weight is 118 -120 lbs mostly muscle weight and I am very pleased with my results .
 I enjoy Chocolate Slim Fast . I love chocolate ! It 's handy for a quick breakfast and satisifies my craving for sweets at the same time . I use it sometimes just for a desert too . Excellent flavor ! I love this drink !
 Apparently Slim-Fast has discontinued this product in cans and is now selling only `` New Improved Slim-Fast '' in smaller sized bottles at a substantially higher price - more than double the price per ounce . Local stores are carrying only the new product . I was able to find some of the original product at a good price on Amazon and bought 2 cases . When this runs out and there are more available at the old price , I will buy more . Otherwise will not support the price gouging changes from Slim-Fast .
 I 've semi-recently discovered SlimFast and absolutely love it . It 's a great product and has a wonderful taste . It 's helped me lose over 30lbs in 21/2 months . My review is for the metal cans , not the new plastic bottles.Then they changed the packaging.The new packaging is smaller and lighter , sure , but it 's almost MUCH more expensive and you receive less product . SlimFast , please focus on customer relations .
 I really loved these for weight maintenance . The drinks tasted great and the cans were very convenient . I could toss them into my purse , briefcase or luggage . I am ordering another shipment specifically for the cans . I tried the `` New Improved '' gimmick in the bottles . I do n't like them . I.m not certian that the formula changed with the advent of the bottles , but the volume went down and the price went up . The bottles are awkward . I 'm on the hunt for a replacement because I wo n't pay more for less of something I that does n't taste good in a package that is no longer practical . Slim Fast really blew this marketing ploy . If they wanted to offer a different formula then they should add to their products rather than losing loyal customers . I suppose the Marketing Department Manager is too young to remember the 1985 New Coke fiasco ?
 Slim fast is a real time and money saver for me on an every day basis . I am currently trying to eat less calories and do see a significant difference with substituting lunch with one of these drinks . Are they filling ? Not really , but I DO find they cure my hunger pangs for a few hours about 10 minutes after drinking one . I assume my body is busy breaking down the drink rather than complaining about being 'em pty ' . In the mornings , when I have time , I like to blend a banana or some spinach -LRB- You will not taste the spinach , trust me -RRB- and some ice cubes with the chocolate shake to make it more substantial , it really works ! These also satisfy my cravings for chocolate.By using these shakes for breakfast and lunch , having a ` lean ' microwaveable meal in the evenings , and sticking with vegetables as snacks , I have become more healthy.My only real con is the small size . I would n't mind them being 230cals -LRB- way below a normal meal -RRB- and having a few more ounces to fill you up .
 the slim fast diet really works as long as you can get past the first week . I lost 18 lbs in 2 weeks and kept it off . And I am lazy and never exercise .
 I have been using for the past two weeks or so and have already lost an initial 4-6 lbs . I expect to lose two lbs a week from here on out . First try of product was not a very good one . Did not like the chocolate taste . However , I got use to it very fast and now enjoy the chocolate flavor . It actually gets better the colder you can get it . Give it a try and stick with the two a day in place of meals and you will not be sorry.Good Luck .
 I love Slim Fast and not because they work , but because I actually enjoy the flavors . I 'm a pretty bland girl , so I find the French Vanilla to be my favorite choice right next to chocolate . I like to stick these in the freezer before lunch so they are nice and chilled .
 My husband has one of these every work day morning for breakfast . They are quick , easy , portable , and best of all , ready . It 's so easy to order them from Amazon and have them delivered to the front door .
 I 've been drinking these shakes for breakfast for a while now and they have helped me lose over 50 pounds . I would highly recommend them as a breakfast replacement .
 I love Slim Fast Cappuccino Delight and never seem to find it in the stores . I got it here on Amazon easily and it was shipped quickly . Now I can go back on a semi diet . Thank you Amazon
 I have been drinking these shakes twice a day for half my life . They fill me up and am not hungry , I ca n't get through my day without them :-RRB- It is great for maintaining your weight and gives you just the right amount of calories and vitamins you need .
 After stopping at two local grocery stores and finding their shelves void of Slim Fast 12-packs in the flavor I wanted , I made a decision that Amazon was going to be my supplier of Slim Fast . I had previously ordered 2 cases of Slim Fast from Amazon and IMO , it is well worth the money that I can order the flavor I want in the quantity I want , and have someone else carry it up to my second floor apartment home . Thanks again Amazon !
 The shipment comes right on time and keeping it on continuous shipmentsreally make it easy to not have to order and order again . Thank you .
 This does not taste like a `` diet '' shake . My husband has actually started drinking them too because he thinks they taste just like chocolate milk -LRB- and he is picky ! -RRB- . The only concern is that it is mostly made out of milk and sugar , so I 'm not sure how much `` weight-loss '' benefits it has but I use it as part of a balanced calorie intake . And its great when you 're out and do n't want to buy fast-food ! Good buy . Will buy again .
 This drink is pretty good . It still tastes more like a meal replacement drink than chocolate milk or something , but certainly do n't have anything to complain about . The texture is good , and the flavor is more than acceptable .
 Once and a while , I have a mere 10 minute break during work around dinner time . I 'm not a big fan of drinking my meals , but I needed something quick and easy as a meal replacement -LRB- or , for me , to hold me for a few hours until I eat about 8pm -RRB- . This works for me . Low calories , 5 points on Weight Watchers , and it keeps me away from the vending machine . The Strawberries and Cream is pretty good , as is the Vanilla . However , both are cheaper at Sams - just bought a 30-pack for 14 bucks .
 I have only tried the chocolate flavor and I believe it to taste pretty good . I have no complaints there . I like the fact that the six-pack comes out to about $ 5.99 so each one is about $ 1 . That 's pretty cheap when other similar suplements cost 2-3 times that amount . True , those supplements I am referring to may contain 20 to 30 grams of protein but you are not buying Slimfast if you are a hardcore bodybuilder looking to increase mass.I think most people who may rate this product low may be finding it hard to consider Sliimfast a meal supplement , but it is . No one said it would be easy to alter your diet without going through a rough period where you feel like you 're starving all the time . Over time and with dedication one can find Slimfast to be an important item to have in the fridge and a quick and inexpensive way to replace two meals out of the 5-6 one should be having a day .
 The Slimfast Cappuccino Delight shakes are very tasty , especially when blended with ice . I would recommend to people who are not on a diet . To me , this product tastes a lot like the Starbucks Frappuccinos sold in the grocery store , but they are much more vitamin rich and lower in calories.Pros : - Very Tasty-Convenient when you are on the go - perfect for waking up late and having breakfast on the run-Lots of vitamins and mineralsCons : - Very , very strong coffee smell in urine-They do taste good , but you still know you are on a diet ... not completely satisfying
 Chocolate is the only flavor that I like and it is better when frozen for a bit . It contains far fewer calories than I would consume in one meal sitting , so it is a good diet option when I want to cut calories . I give it 4 stars because nothing is perfect , but it is better than starving .
 Cappucino is the perfect slimfast . It helps me control my weight and taktes goodwhile doing it . I mix it with ice and get a freeze which is so good to drink . It holds me and do not feel like I want any other item to eat . Keep the Cappucino coming .
 This product was unavailable for a while ; I tried substitutes that simply did not measure up . Very good as a substitute for a meal when on a weight loss plan . It does not have the `` vitamin '' taste the other products have . Put it in the freezer several hours before drinking . Very good !
 product is great and it nice to come right to my door but I can get it $ 7.00 cheaper at Sams wholesale but will still order it on line when I ca n't get to Sams .
 With the free shipping it was a good deal . The taste is fine , although I prefer the milk chocolate .
 If you open a slim fast shake and then drink it all morning during your work it lasts longer . It tastes pretty good .
 I had tried slim fast once before and did not like the taste . Since then they have improved the taste . I drink one a day instead of breakfast . IT IS VERY YUMMY .
 I decided it was time to cut the fat and get back in shape and if this helps me suppress my appetite I 'm all for it cause I actually like the taste , which I did n't expect . Only time will tell if they perform as intended , but so far so good in sticking to the plan . Will update this review later when I have some -LRB- or no -RRB- results .
 The slim fast drink is supposed to be just that , a replacement meal with a sensible dinner , and fast ! However how can one expect to be satisfied by a drink , instead of lunch or breakfast ? If your trying to lose weight , it might be best to wait until your used to eating `` less '' because just cutting out two meals a day right off the bat , is neither healthy nor easy.On the bright side , the drink does n't taste bad , it does leave an after taste of vitamins but its masked by the flavor mostly.I 'm going to choose to continue eating healthy instead of cutting out meals . This drink is nearly 200 calories , its convenient for people on the go with no time to make breakfast , but if you have time , eat egg whites with peppers and onions or whatever else you may want in there is nearly half the calories and twice as filling !
 I love the deals on this one ! usually you pay around 13.00 for a 12 pack , and this is a 24 pack ! very yummy !
 I love Slim-Fast shakes . The Rick Chocolate Royale is my favorite flavor -- it 's like a rich chocolate milk . I 'm not a dieter , but I like having something around that is easy to grab if I 'm in a hurry and is n't terrible for me . These do the trick . The price is great , especially with free 2-day shipping . : -RRB-
 These shakes are awesome . I have gotten them before . I definitely suggest pouring them into a glass before drinking them due to the metallic taste out of the can . The boxes were beat up when I received them ... 3 out of 4 . It does n't affect the quality of the product though . I use these as snacks or lunch when I am dieting . They satisfy my sugar cravings and the protein and fiber really fill me up .
 I 've been drinking these for about 4 years now , usually 1 a day , and they work pretty well for weight maintenance . When trying to lose weight , I will usually substitute one meal a day with a Slim Fast - breakfast or lunch . I also have these for breakfast a lot , simply because I can grab one from the fridge and drink it in 30 seconds , which is great when I 'm in a hurry , and because I always make sure to eat something for breakfast.Usually however , I drink these in the mornings before a run so that I will have some food in my body to fuel the run . Since it is basically a liquid , it does n't upset my stomach if I drink it right before I head out the door.I ca n't attest to the other flavors , but Rich Chocolate Royale tastes fairly decently . I never crave the taste of a Slim Fast , and I am not fooled into thinking I am drinking a milkshake , but they do taste pretty good.Finally , the great thing about Slim Fast is the nutritional makeup . It has 6g of fat , which can be misleading since an amazing 3g of that is monounsaturated and polyunsaturated -LRB- good fats -RRB- . The best part about slim Fast are the 5g of fiber and 10g of Protein in each can , which are very high amounts . This makes it great for a post run/workout drink as well.My only problem with Slim Fast , is that one can is likely not going to be enough to work as a meal replacement for many people . It is just not enough food . I have heard if you try drinking it slowly it helps , but I usually find myself hungry a couple hours after drinking one . For people under 150 lbs it may be enough , but I would almost recommend two Slim Fasts as a meal replacement for anyone trying to lose a significant amount of weight . There is no way I could replace two meals a day with Slim Fasts -LRB- like their ads say -RRB- , then have a `` sensible '' dinner . I would be starving . But it is a great product as a snack or before a workout.Calories - 190Fat - 6g -LRB- 2.5 g saturated -RRB- Sodium - 200mgTotal Carbs - 24gFiber - 5gProtein - 10g
 I 'm not on the Slim-Fast diet per se , but I am on a low-calorie diet and I do use this product as a substitute for breakfast . I like that I can grab it and go out the door without taking the time to buy or prepare breakfast , so it saves me a considerable amount of time . It 's also much cheaper than buying/making breakfast , especially if you order from Amazon . I 've tried the Creamy Milk Chocolate and Rich Chocolate Royale flavors . I prefer Rich Chocolate Royale - it has a stronger chocolate flavor . The Creamy Milk Chocolate tastes more sweet and milky . Neither is bad , but I prefer the Rich Chocolate Royale.Nutritionally speaking , these shakes are pretty good . 190 calories , 6g of fat , 5g fiber , 10g protein , and fortified with vitamins . The only problem I have is that they contain about 5 teaspoons of sugar per can . But hey , it 's a milkshake . They actually have far less sugar than , say , a can of soda . So this is a minor quibble.So will 1 shake really fill you up ? No , not really . Not in my experience anyway . But if we kept eating until we were full we would n't be able to lose weight now , would we?To be fair , the Slim-Fast diet does allow you to eat 3 snacks a day -LRB- of approx 100 calories each -RRB- , and a sensible dinner -LRB- of about 500 calories -RRB- . And yes , you are supposed to * gasp * exercise as part of the diet . So if you actually , god forbid , stick to the diet you will be consuming about 1200 calories a day and exercising off a few hundred of them . The numbers do not lie . If you follow this diet you WILL lose weight . Anybody who says otherwise is either lying or not following the diet . And yes , the Slim-Fast diet is very easy to follow IF you have the willpower.Some people complain that the Slim-Fast diet is unsustainable as a way of life . These people are misguided . Slim-Fast is a weight loss plan , NOT a weight maintenance plan . It was never meant to be a `` way of life . '' Once you get to your target weight , you will unfortunately have to learn proper diet and exercise habits in order to maintain your weight.In summary , this is a good product and it works as advertised . Weight loss ai n't easy .
 I love chocolate and this hits the spot . I actually like the Chocolate Royale a little better , but this is still worthy of 5 stars . I feel like I 'm getting a treat when I have one . It 's supposed to help keep you feeling full longer -LRB- `` Optima '' - up to 4 hours -RRB- , but I still get hungry after having one ... but then again , I always feel hungry ! I like the fact that you 're getting lots of vitamins/minerals when you have one too .
 I have a chocolate slim fast 11oz can with an apple twice per day -LRB- tastes great together -RRB- and an 80 % vegetarian dinner usually under 800 calories and I 've lost 12 lbs in 3 weeks . -LRB- about 1400-1500 calories per day with mild exercise -RRB- The price was good and shipping was fast .
 I have tried all the SlimFast flavors . I like vanilla , strawberry , and chocolate flavors , but I 'm not too fond of the SlimFast versions . The Cappuccino Delight is an entirely different matter . It is simply the best . Rather than regard it as an acceptable way to control weight , I look forward to it as a treat . I often mix it with eight ounces of soy or skim milk , add a spoonful of instant coffee and , if desired , a spoonful of cocoa mix , a packet of Splenda , and sometimes a small vanilla yogurt , with some ice . Blend it and it 's a delicious , lo-cal Frappuccino .
 I usually buy the milk chocolate variety but accidentally bought of case of chocolate royale last time . I 've tried comparing them side by side and they are practically identical in taste . The milk chocolate one seems to be thicker though - kind of like the difference between melted ice cream and chocolate milk . So if you 're trying to decide between chocolate royale and milk chocolate , it really goes down to what texture you prefer.Personally , I prefer the thicker milk chocolate shakes more as they feel more satisfying to me . These are n't bad though , and I 'll definitely finish out the case without any qualms .
 A hot , or cold , frothy treat for 180 calories ! Makes a FABULOUS FRAPPUCCINO or Cappuccino
 Almost four years ago , I lost over 50 pounds by drinking Slimfast twice a day -LRB- normal meal for dinner -RRB- . I have managed to maintain the weight loss ever since by drinking it for lunch . I highly recommend this product !
 I 've enjoyed the chocolate drink . Really taste good when I 've placed it in the freezer for about half an hour . Makes it a little icey . Satisfies my want for chocolate .
 Good stuff ! Fills me up ! Taste lovely ! Makes my pee smell like Cappuccino though ! I drink enough water but it still smells like it . . afraid I 'll eventually dislike it from smell aversion !
 Great taste , great product , I 've lost about 25 lbs and kept it off for a year now . My only complaint is most cans are dented .
 Getting cases of SlimFast delivered to the house is a definite luxury . I would continue this service had I not found that I could acquire a case + four extra cans for $ 6 less at Sam 's Club . If you live nowhere near Sam 's Club , then the Amazon deal is most likely the best you will find .
 The Slim Fast Optima line is deliciouss and a great way to establish a nutritious , healthy way of life and of eating . I use these drinks for 2 meals each day and before bed to stop from snacking . They really do work to curb your hunger.The French Vanilla is my favorite flavor and I look forward to drinking it . It has 6 grams of fat but 2.3 are saturated and it helps keep you full . There is a whopping 10 grams of protein in each drink which keeps you full and also gives you lots of energy . All the other nutrients needed to be healthy are here as well.Make sure you follow the Slim Fast guidelines and eat regular food as well to make sure you are taking good care of yourself . As long as you have the motivation Slim Fast will help you lead a healthier and slimmer life . And French Vanilla should be at the head of the line.I use the Amazon program to have them shipped regularly each month and it is so convenient .
 always a perfect grab and go meal supplement . The flavor is great and Is much better for me than another quick grab meal .
 I 've tried different Slim Fast shakes in the past , usually abandoning my attempts after a week because I could n't get over the taste . With the new Slim Fast Optima Chocolate Royale I really enjoy the taste . The nasty aftertaste that bothered me in previous incarnations of this product seems to be gone in my opinion . I enjoy this product and will continue to use it in the future .
 In looking for a product that would help me lose weight I tried Slim Fast , French Vanilla . It is very tasty and does keep me from having that empty feeling for hours after I drink it . Wish me luck with the slimming process !!
 Before the original cappuccino delight came out , I used to spoon coffee into one of their chocolate shakes -- which could be time consuming , thereby defeating the whole purpose of drinking these shakes for a meal ! Yes , I was getting coffee with my shake , but as a then-harried college student , I found myself reasoning that that there just had to be an easier way to get my breakfast and morning coffee in while doing several other things.Then , the origial shake arrived , a dream come true . Yet , it tasted too sugary to easily consume on a regular basis , something still seemed to be off . Finally , market introduction of this product gave me a great meal.The ` optima ' formula has reduced sugar , and tastes REALLY good . I feel transported to a cafe and do n't feel like I am consuming a diet product at all . Drinking it warm is okay if you absolutely have to , but this product tastes best when served ice cold . Now consuming them on my lunch break , I am enamored with the product and recomend it to other people who must multi-task and/or do n't have a lot of space to store personal items.Just one can is enough to satisfy me at lunch , much to the amazement of friends , co-workers , and some family members who continue on with much less-healthier options , and ironically are n't satiated . When what you eat is both good for you and tastes good , it is not a big deal.I am another person who has had the ` odor ' problem which another reviewer described after consuming this product . Honestly , I assumed it was just the workplace toilet -LRB- and we all know the frequency of cleanning can vary among sites -RRB- . However , this solitary side effect quickly wore off me after using the bathroom and has not placed my life in immediate danger , so I would encourage people who are interested in nutritious and delicious coffee on the go to stock up ! Maybe it 's something in the chemical composition ?
 This is mainly in response to the 6-pack Slim Fast Rich Chocolate Royale , but I ca n't seem to find it on Amazon now . Anyway , I just wanted to say that the price on here is ridiculous for the 6-pack because I purchased mine from Wal-Mart for $ 5.00 . So for those that shop Wal-Mart , go there!I 'm starting my Slim Fast diet today and so far so good . I was actually surprised because I was hesitant on how it might taste or the consistency , but it 's good ! The Rich Chocolate Royale DOES taste like a milkshake . Next time I 'm going to try what one person suggested and blend it with ice which I 'm sure will be yummy ! So far so good , a good easy breakfast that gives you loads of nutrients -LRB- I was surprised by that too ! -RRB- . Remember that the only key to losing weight is a healthy diet plus regular exercise so do n't expect to just replace Slim Fast with an actual chewable meal and think you can lose weight .
 Why are you no longer making Cappuccino Delight ? This is the one I have been drinking for 10 plus years and the ONLY one I like ??!!
 I was training for a while in martial arts , and learned a great deal about discipline . I learned I do n't have any , and I have to use ` mind tricks ' to accomplish my goals.If you 're at home , and you 're STARVING , these will not help.If you 're sitting at home in front of the TV , and want to mindlessly chew on snack food , these will not help . Nothing will . You have to get off the couch.Helpful mind tricks : When making a decision , choose the least harmful thing that will make you happy.A chicken salad sandwich , or a wet burrito ? Will a chicken salad sandwich make you happy ? Good . Skip the burrito.Want to splurge on expensive speakers at the audio store ? I know the $ 1200 speaker system sounds good , but will a $ 150 system make you happy ? Good . Save your money.These are a good mind trick , if you apply that logic.A little hungry , but not hungry enough to cook ? Nothing to eat in the house?Rather than going to burger king and getting a double whopper meal with fries just because you were a little hungry , keep these handy.You can drink a shake , and stay active at home rather than going to a fast food place and wrecking your day with large amounts of fat , and an abdomen so distended , you are unable to do anything but lay on the couch.Use these to make and keep your goals in sight , and use your mind tricks effectively.Also , a comment on ordering from Amazon
 Slim-fast is a great way to start the day . It 's easy and convenient way to have breakfast .
 I do n't much care what 's for breakfast . By the time I get up , get the kids ready for school and get them on the bus , I 've been awake for 2 hours , and I just want `` something . '' Slim-Fasts are great because they store in the pantry and they fill you up -LRB- and of course there 's that healthy thing going on too -RRB- . I 've been an occasional Slim-Fast consumer since the early 1990s -LRB- I think -RRB- and feel that the flavor has not improved much since then . The Chocolate Royale is still the least offensive of the Slim-Fast chocolates.Also , I have to wonder why a diet drink like this has 50 calories of fat , when there are only 190 calories per serving . Surely they could have cut that fat down some more ?!
 Smoothly poured , and smoothly swallowed , this delicate chocolate drink danced in daylight , a creamy delight , as if to tease me , please me into a heightened awareness of all that is succulent and good . And , mmm , it was and is good , this chocolate Slim Fast.We spent a weekend in the fields . I shook the cans , one at a time , completely as their humble label directed . Their cardboard box was sturdy enough only to sit upon the ground and watch the clouds go by , but in this , I was content . Just sipping Slim-Fast in its 190 glorious calories , that was enough pleasure for me . Always cool , cold -- chilled in my refrigerator for a fortnight , the flavors were at their peak . One night would 've done well , but 14 sufficed beyond chronological measure.Each of the 24 vitamins and minerals sang out to me , called me their friend , and I called them friend . Calcium was there , ready to drink , ready to nourish . We , the Slim Fast and I , drank together through the weekend , until the sunset , and then , when the sixth can was empty , I slumped into a satisfied grin.This is the way good days are spent , drinking Slim Fast . May yours bring you the same chocolate-flavored happiness . -- Brockeim
 I love slim fast drinks . I took off one star bcos sometimes i still feel hungry after a couple hours but maybe thats just me . Even though all flavors are good i prefer the chocolate royale the best . It is less ` chalky ' than the vanilla IMO.great convience to have a breakfast or in between meal snack or if later at night and you have n't had dinner yet this works great so you are not having a big meal later than you like .
 I just started trying out slim fast very recently and its a keeper for me . However , I am glad i am not the only one who gets hungry after a couple hours -LRB- even though i sometimes have a big appetite , ok almost always :-RRB- -RRB- I have tried the french vanilla , milk chocolate , and chocolate royale and the royale is my fave . I usually have these for breakfaast and try to not eat anything else till lunch but if i get really hungry then i have a granola bar half way in between . I like the convenience of having a meal on the go .
 I live in the country , about 15 miles to a store , having the slim fast shipped to me was wonderful , sometimes the stores wont have the big packs . The chocolate Royale taste just like a chocolate milk shake , My 17 year old daughter likes it too for a quick snack .
 I love these shakes . They taste great and they control hungry with only 190 calories . It is certainly worth a try . I have already lost 20 pounds in two moths on the slim fast diet . Try it for yourself .
 Love this stuff - helps me get my morning going with out too many calories and tastes great !
 Great breakfast replacement and also great for just right after excercise to help bridge the gap between the end of the workout and a meal ! Helps to loose weight but still feel great !
 This drink is a big improvement over the old version . It it much more tasty and does n't have that chalky aftertaste . The thing I object to is that they 're marketing these as a meal replacement , when in my opinion , it should be thought of as a supplement.I suggest adding a couple of spoons of protein powder to add to the nutrition and also to drink them after a workout .
 I love that you can replace two meals a day with a shake and have automatic portion control . You still have to watch what you take in the rest of the day to see results . I highly recommend visiting slim-fast . com because they offer a wide variety of tools and even personalize your diet plan . I have been using slim-fast for about six weeks and have lost about 8 pounds . It seems slow , but it is the best way proven to keep off the weight .
 Great source of nutrition and meal substitute . Fits well with my slow but consistent weight loss .
 Slim-Fast is a tried and true dietary supplement for me ... it helps me when I 'm either too busy to eat a `` real '' meal or need to shed a few pounds . The chocolate flavor is delicious . I might switch to homemade shakes in the future , as the canned stuff has a lot of sugar in it .
 I receive this item every 2 months and it comes on the specified delivery date almost around the same time . This box was a little beaten up which made some cans indented , but besides that-they taste great ! Looking forward to continue to loss weight !
 Rich Chocolate Royale is my favorite flavor . I definitely suggest it be REALLY cold and well shaken . I usually stick it in the freezer for 30 min or so before drinking . I have one a day for breakfast and it 's been helping my lose weight with exercise and watching my food intake.I like that it has a lot of vitamins I would n't normally have . I ca n't testify to any other flavors except I really hate the Creamy Milk Chocolate .
 I bought my favorite -LRB- ok , the only flavor I 'll ever drink -RRB- Slim-Fast through here in an effort to save money . I 'm always buying the Creamy Milk Chocolate Slim-Fast but only sometimes on sale . Much to my delight , I discovered I could indeed save a little money buying bulk & having it shipped . I 'm still going through it but when I 'm done , I 'll be checking on here to buy it again - assuming I still can get a good deal .
 The taste of this product is average . It has carbs + sugar + 2g saturated fat -LRB- other fat is good for you -RRB- and I would want less of it while dieting . There is a low carbs version which may be better for someone dieting . On the positive note it does have a long list of vitamins and minerals in one little bottle .
 I bought the Milk Chocolate Flavor and with subscribe and save and the may coupon code I was able to get the case for 15 bucks . I 'd say thats pretty great . Anyway , the product itself tastes fantastic . I was surprised and in a good way . I replace my breakfast with the slim fast shake every morning and I feel like it is making a change in my weight . This is especially considering I used to skip breakfast completely.I 've been keeping a food diary , and I 've found that if I drink the shake at 9 AM , I am full until my -LRB- healthy -RRB- snack at 12 PM . I am very happy with this product and I highly recommend it . When this case finishes , I will definitely order another flavor to try it out .
 These shakes taste fantastic . If you like chocolate , you 'll enjoy these . They 're not quite as filling as I 'd like them to be , but they do n't leave me starving . They used to be 16 dollars/24 cans , but the price went up to nearly 20 . This is a great way to cut some calories if you 're on a weight loss plan or even just as breakfast on the go .
 These are way better tasting than they used to be ! I get them on auto-ship and the price cant be matched in any stores !
 Easy subscribe & save . An instant breakfast shake . I just take it out of the fridge & pour it into a cup & no metal can taste . The Rich chocolate taste means I will actually drink them regularly .
 I absolutely love Slim-Fast Cappuchino Delight to replace my morning coffee , which I used to have with a fattening bagel . I got this idea from another reviewer and just love it ! After I freeze strong left-over unsweetened coffee in the ice cube tray , I put 4 or 5 cubes with 1 can of Cappuchino Delight Slim-Fast into the blender and blend until the cubes are gone . The result is 2 cups of delicious coffee milk-shake for breakfast ! No bagel needed or wanted ! The ice cubes cut down a little on the sweetness , so it 's just right for a breakfast drink and very satisfying.Amazon has been out of the Cappuchino Delight flavor of Slim-Fast for quite some time . I hope they are not intending to discontinue it . Please , Amazon , re-stock this product . I am running out !
 I love the ease and discount of subscribe and save ! Makes for a great meal on the go , and taste pretty good ... kinda like french vanilla cake !
 I enjoyed these olives and when one package actually arrived here leaking and partially open Amazon promtply replaced the ENTIRE order . This is PREMIUM customer service in my book and greatly appreciated . I find so little customer service exists in the retail stores that I plan to buy Amazon where possible based on their high service level . I suggest other purchasers consider Amazon as well .
 I 'll be buying these again . They 're salty , I have to admit it ; but very good . These olives go particularly well with foods that have some heat to them - The salty olives and hot or peppered food create a perfect blend . They 're also good to just plain snack on , a few at a time . I also prefer this six 10 ounce container packaging instead of the single bulk 4 or 5 lb package . Recommended .
 My son loves these and it makes a great addition to his school lunch . I will definitely order them again .
 GERBER FINGER FOODSMy little ten month old grand-daughter , Paige , LOVES these little food puffs . We bought her the banana flavor , but there are many flavors available.The good thing about these little stars is that they taste good and are easy for little ones to pick up . They also are good practice for finger dexterity . These little MAGIC STARS -- as we call them -- melt right away in baby 's mouth . Great food for those babies just starting to eat table food.They are a good little food for snack time or any time . Easy , convenient packaging makes traveling easy too.Your baby will love these . And I know you will sneak a few for yourself!Enjoy!Thank you!Pam
 These are great , tasty snacks for babies who are starting to eat finger foods . They are a bit crunchy , but quickly melt so they do n't pose a choking risk . I buy them all of the time for my grandson , but I love them myself . Eighty of these poofs have 25 calories , you ca n't beat that when you want to munch ! They are fat free and contain a fair amount of vitamins . Nothing not to like , try them even if you do n't have any little ones !
 I bought these on a whim from HEB . My kids ate them all before the night was over ! They are fantastic and do not have any food coloring or HFCS in them . I highly recommend this product !
 Really great for my vegetarian friends . This made them so happy!They taste great and have the perfect texture.Enjoy !
 This bark was good , but it was not as good as the white chocolate pecan bark . It seemed that the white chocolate bark had larger pieces of pecans in it compared to the milk chocolate . I prefer larger pieces of pecan nuts .
 This is a good value . The cost was reasonable compared to similar products , and when it arrived , it was exactly as advertised . It came in a nice , well-constructed box that looked like the picture . We bought it for my mother-in-law , who likes chocolate bark , and she was very pleased . -LRB- Whew ! -RRB- The package was a little bit overfilled , so it bulged a bit , but some extra tape took care of that . Overall , I recommend this product .
 I 've been a fan of this traditional stir fry for over 20 years . Its hard to find but was thrilled to see it listed here in Amazon .
 Used to get it at Costco . They discontinued it and brought in Yashida 's . For the last 13 yrs been using Yashida 's as a substitute . Last night got to try Maggie Gin 's again and forgot how much better it is . Wow its good.Use it for a stir fry , marinade , and dipping sauce . Its great
 We buy Mango pickle on a monthly basis from indian grocery store for 1.79 . . priya is the best brand out there . .
 till this moment i bought more than 8 bottles . its great product rich in flavour . you can use it to get a very very close starbucks pumpkin spice latteand much cheapergreat dealer
 I enjoy this product in lattes or capuccinos . It is a great way to start the day , and I love the `` fall '' feeling I get from the Pumpkin Spice flavor .
 This bark was good , but it was not as good as the white chocolate pecan bark . It seemed that the white chocolate bark had larger pieces of pecans in it compared to the milk chocolate . I prefer larger pieces of pecan nuts .
 This is a good value . The cost was reasonable compared to similar products , and when it arrived , it was exactly as advertised . It came in a nice , well-constructed box that looked like the picture . We bought it for my mother-in-law , who likes chocolate bark , and she was very pleased . -LRB- Whew ! -RRB- The package was a little bit overfilled , so it bulged a bit , but some extra tape took care of that . Overall , I recommend this product .
 mmmm smells good and makes you smell fruitylicoius . the best gum i 've eatin this summer . great great great !! so juicey too
 LISTEN UP , GUYS ! I CHEW THIS GUM ALL THE TIME ! EVEN WHEN I 'M SLEEPING I 'M STILL CHEWING THIS GUM , THAT 'S JUST HOW GREAT IT IS ! WHO CARES IF IT GETS MY HAIR , IT SMELLS NICE AND MAKES A NICE HOUSE FOR ALL THE CATS IN MY HOUSE ! TRUST ME , CHEW THIS GUM AND YOU 'LL LIVE FOREVER AND YOU 'LL WIN FREE FOOD AT KFC FOREVER !
 This sauce will change the way you think about BBQ sauce ! Once you try it , all the mass market sauces are a thing of the past . Kraft , smaft ; Bullseye , smhullseye - these are you new best friends . The Rich & Mild is a fantastic sauce with a great blend of spices , dark molasses and honey . If you like a little heat -LRB- in the words of a famous TV chef `` Kick it up a notch '' -RRB- , the Hot & Spicy is your sauce . The Chipotle peppers are roasted , so they are not too hot - juuuust enough to add a little heat to the mix . The Teriyaki is a great marinade for quick meals . Just marinade for a 1/2 hour to 1 hour and place on your local BBQ . I heat a few ounces and pour it over the meat when before I serve it . You wo n't be disappointed !
 Of all the horrific , nasty bottled sweet and sour sauces you 're ever tried and tossed away after the first taste , only this brand I 've found comes close to that sticky , orange , fatally sweet swill you find soaking into the breading of shrimp at Chinese restaurants . In other words , it 's great . Check it out .
 This bark was good , but it was not as good as the white chocolate pecan bark . It seemed that the white chocolate bark had larger pieces of pecans in it compared to the milk chocolate . I prefer larger pieces of pecan nuts .
 This is a good value . The cost was reasonable compared to similar products , and when it arrived , it was exactly as advertised . It came in a nice , well-constructed box that looked like the picture . We bought it for my mother-in-law , who likes chocolate bark , and she was very pleased . -LRB- Whew ! -RRB- The package was a little bit overfilled , so it bulged a bit , but some extra tape took care of that . Overall , I recommend this product .
 I found it at Amazon when I could n't find it in grocery stores - oddly , now I 'm seeing it everywhere ! -LRB- Everyone had dill weed , which is not at all the same ! -RRB- It 's a good , high quality product , but the jar may be more than most people would use in a year or so . If you use a lot of celery seed , it 's still the best price around , and I would certainly recommend it .
 Good size product and as described . Very fragrant compared to store purchased dill seeds . Used when pickling cucumbers and am excited to have enough for many more batches to come .
 I do a lot of canning -- dill pickles and pickled okra-and was repeatedly buying the little containers of dill seed at the grocery store . What a waste of money and time ! I bought two of these large ones and could n't believe the quality was just as good as the expensive ones . Definitely exceeded my expectations . I have plenty more to use next year hen it 's time to can pickles and okra again . I would recommend this to anyone . Shipping was right on time , too .
 Very reasonable price for an awesome product . Super Fresh and aromatic , high quality item . Super fast shipping ... will purchase again . It 's deli dill pickle time :-RRB- this product is worth of my organically grown pickling cukes . .
 GOOD VALUE!Did you know that , if you do n't have fresh dill , you can substitute this in canning Dill Pickles ? I have done it for years!Linda Muir
 I was very pleased with my order . It arrived in prompt manner and was fresh and perfect for all my pickling needs . I would recommend this company highly . Also , will be ordering more products from them .
 My mothers country was dissolved during World War II and the land given to Czechoslovakia . A U.S. citizen since the 1950 's ; at age 85 , she has told us many stories about her former country and the amazing times she has lived through . She loved the gift basket from iGourmet.com as it contained many things that reminded her of her former homeland . Great gift and quick delivery ! Thank you !
 I 've sent this as a gift three years running to my folks . They love it . Makes gift giving easy for sure . Shipping was fast . Parents had no issue with the product after unpacking .
 I bought this gift for a couple from Germany that now live in Alaska . They raved about having a taste of real German fare at Christmas time . I was so happy to hear that they not only recognized the contents as authentic German fare but loved the contents . Glad I sent it .
 this was shipped in 1 or 2 days . nice gift , good service . unlike ` fan 's edge ' , which was terrible .
 This is the best mix even compared to non-organic variations . It has a lot of yummy dark chocolate chips in the bag . Once you start eating , the whole bag will be gone in no time : -RCB- .
 great stuff , didnt need refrigaration , and not overly salty good for low sodium diet
 I have tried this tea several times at friends house and I love it . It is very pleasant to drink and has become my new favorite morning tea . My friend gave me some to take home and I have now run out so am happy to see Amazon carries it . It never has an off taste . It is good straight , but I love mine with a tiny bit of sugar and cream .
 IN A NUTSHELL
 This squid product is quite nice . The ink and the condiments are on target . I did not quite enjoy the fact that the calamari was sliced rather than packed in chunks . nevertheless the portion of ink made up for that . It 's quite right to cook the mediterranean `` black rice '' with onions , tomatoe paste , olives , garlic powder and a hint of hot sauce -LRB- and capers if you are into -RRB- . Overall I am pleased with this product .
 lugging heavy cans of squid in squid ink over the Atlantic in my check in baggage . This is the real thing . Thank you Amazon for making this hard to find product easily and economically available .
 I ordered the Vigo squid in ink as well as several of their canned octopus flavors , the price was so good that I was n't expecting top shelf but thats what I got.They were all great tasting and well packed with meat , I 'm about to reorder . The delivery was faster than I expected . I 'm well pleased with my order .
 The can is a bit more difficult to open compared to others . Has a tasty ink sauce .
 These sardines are delicious . They do not have a strong fishy odor or flavor .
 I have been purchasing the VIGO Sardines Skinless and Boneless Sardines in Soybean Oil for over two years now from AMAZON . I have tried many other different name brands and I can honestly say that the VIGO brand is the very best . It is true that many other brands come from either Mexico or Morroco , but VIGO gets their sardines from Spain and the quality and taste is far above the rest . I would give this product 10 STARS . If you are a sardine lover , do n't settle for lesser price or quality just because you know a well known name . VIGO brand is the best . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Sanders first started back in 1875 when Fred Sanders started a single retail shop in Detroit Michigan . At their peak they had 57 retail shops or parlors . The stores not only sold candy , fudge toppings , and baked goods , but also had fountain counters serving light lunches , as well as an assortment of desserts including the popular Ice Cream Sodas , Sundaes and Hot Fudge Cream Puffs . I have lived in the metro Detroit area all my life and getting a Creme Puff Hot Fudge Sunday was a weekly occurrence in my family . Unfortunately the company wound up closing all of their stores back in the early 90 's and concentrated on selling their products in regular nationwide grocery stores . Sanders was purchased by Morley Candies , another Metro Detroit company , back in 2002 and thankfully they have started to bring back the Sanders Parlors . As of this writing there are now 6 locations , including 2 that are less than 10 minutes from my house . I cant even begin to express how happy I am to see these stores being opened again . If your ever in the Metro Detroit area and have a chance to stop by one of their retail locations , do it !! It will be the best Hot Fudge Sunday you have ever had.If you do not live in the Metro Detroit area then dont fret . You can still buy their topping in jars and can even buy the creme puffs from their online website . In fact you can now order all of their products from their website . I recently placed an order for some sea salt caramels from their website and was absolutely blown away at the quality of the shipping . I ordered 2 boxes of caramels and a bag of creme puffs and when I received the shipping box , I though for sure they had made a mistake as the box weighed like 25 pounds . They did n't make a mistake . The reason it weighed so much is because they had packed in like 30 of these special gel packets that keep the shipment cold and fresh . I have ordered food through the mail many times , from multiple different companies , and have never seen such care taken during the shipping process . I actually kept all of the gel packets , which are like 4 '' x 3 '' , as they are perfect cold packs . Just keep them in the refrigerator and they are perfect for sore muscles , sprains , and even headaches.As for the hot fudge itself , its hands down the best hot fudge I have ever had and I have literally tried well over 50 + brands of hot fudge from all over the world . None of them even comes close to matching the Sanders recipe . I myself prefer the regular milk chocolate version but they now have 7 different flavors including Dark Chocolate , Butterscotch , Cinnamon Pear , Bittersweet Fudge , Dark Chocolate Peppermint Pattie , Carmel Apple and of course the original Milk Chocolate Hot Fudge . I have tried them all and they are all outstanding.The bottom line - If you love hot fudge then you owe it to yourself to at least give Sanders Hot Fudge a try . I really suggest you go all the way and order a pack of creme puffs as well . Just cut a creme puff in half , scoop some vanilla ice creme in the middle of the creme puff and pour hot fudge topping all over it . There is just nothing else like it . Again if you love Hot Fudge then you simply must try some Sanders hot fudge . It simply does n't get any better than this !! 5 Stars and then some !!
 Sanders chocolates and toppings are not yet available from Amazon , but I could n't wait to write a review . Sanders has been in the confectionery business in southeastern Michigan since 1875 and I 've been eating their products for longer than I care to admit having been alive . It 's great stuff !!! I particularly love the Bittersweet chocolate topping on chocolate ice cream and the Bourbanet assortment of dark chocolate-covered creams , caramels and nuts , but all of their products are first rate ... even the ones that are n't chocolate . Their caramel topping is yummy too .
 I have been drinking a pot of this tea every day since I received it . It makes a terrific morning tea . The lemon flavor is pleasant but not overpowering . I add a slice of lemon and it is very good .
 Just to respond to the previous review , consumers should know that mussels in escabache means that they were cooked and then covered in a vinegared sauce to preserve them . The taste is indeed tangy and perhaps is acquired -LRB- I inhaled these when I was in Spain -RRB- . Consider them tapas , and eat them on crusty bread with some wine or beer .
 They are really good . It seems as if they improve in the can . I really prefer this canned mussels than the fresh ones .
 Although a bit expensive , they are my preferred brand of escabeche mussels . Do not throw away any drop of that the escabeche sauce since it is soooo good on rice.Appearance scores 5/5 -LRB- max -RRB- Odor 5/5 -LRB- max -RRB- Quantity in can 2.5 / 5 suboptimal ; lots of saucetaste 5/5 -LRB- max -RRB- texture 5/5 -LRB- max -RRB- . UPDATE
 our first escabeche . so good we will try to copy this taste in other dishes . ordering another case .
 Very good with a salad or with rice.The can is not that easy to open .
 This rice was great ! We cooked it plain and added some olive oil , delicious . My wife also cooked it using her traditional Puerto Rican recipe with `` sofrito '' and included olives and red pimentos . It was smashing ! As we say in Spanish , `` buen provecho '' ! Vialone Nano Rice by Gazzani
 It was so convenient to buy this online versus a store and it came looking great and I have been using it a lot . Would buy it again if I need more , but a friend just handed me 5 pounds of confectioner sugar , so it will have to be a while : -RRB-
 From the R. Torre Company in South San Francisco comes this `` flavoring syrup in its familiar castle-decorated bottle . '' I add it to sweeten and add a twist of flavor to coffee , but there are many other uses . The label suggests adding it to `` sparkling water , steamed milk , hot chocolate , iced coffe , or expresso drinks . '' Torani comes in many flavors ; my favorite simple recipe is adding hazelnut flavoring to steamed , frothy milk . Yum!Ingredients.Pure cane sugar , vanilla extract with other natural flavors , potassium sorbate and sodium benzoate -LRB- preservatives -RRB- , and citric acid.That cane sugar is pretty strong . I suggest adding Torani Vanilla with some restraint , or you may mix up a cloyingly sweet beverage.Nutritional Value.You do n't add this for nutrition , bue here are the facts , anyway
 This syrup is so versatile ! I love it my cokes and Dr. Peppers , but it 's also good for hot chocolate and smoothies .
 After using Torani Syrup for the lattes made at home , I no longer have to spend $ 4 for a latte drink . The Torani Vanilla Syrup is the best in the Market !
 I 'm a huge fan of italian soda 's . . and for that this is PERFECT . Add some syrup to club soda and BANG you have a soda that is just right for your own individual taste.Order a few different flavors and mix and match , create your own amazing combos and enjoy !
 This tea is a number one with my family and customers . Glenburn Coffee House in Midway BC Canada thinks this is a great tea for tea lovers like myself .
 I like the flavor of this African Nectar tea , which is why I was drinking to relax during the `` two week wait '' of my IVF cycle . I did not know at the time that hibiscus and marigold should both be avoided during the first trimester of pregnancy because they can cause implantation problems and miscarriage.If you are pregnant , or trying to become pregnant , you may want to avoid this tea due to the hibiscus and the marigold .
 I love the little bags the tea comes in and it 's nice how they 're each individually sealed . And the taste . . what 's not to love ?! SOOOOO tasty !
 In the politically correct age in which we live , `` skinless and boneless '' sardines have invaded supermarket shelves promising an appropriate and civilized eating experience . If that 's what you 're looking for , look elsewhere . These are the real thing . And as they are definitely the anthesis of skinless and boneless , I guess we need to name them for what they really are , tell it like it is , and refer to them as skinny and boney . While this may sound a bit rough around the edges , well , what the heck.Before going any further I have to disclose that I eat sardines every day for lunch . I 've tried ` em all , and these plump pilchards are right up there among the best.Generally I 've operated from the premise that Portuguese sardines are superior , but these are increasingly expensive and sometimes hard to find . So when the local gourmet food store forgot to place my order I looked for an alternative and came across this Spanish substitute . At this juncture my knowledge of geography stood me in good stead as I realized that the Atlantic waters off of Portugal are contiguous with those of Spain , and clearly the fish know no boundaries in between . How different therefore could they be at less than one third the price?This seemed too good to be true and when I noted that they are packed in a combination of soy and olive oil rather than olive oil alone , my suspicions were aroused . Subsequent research into the matter uncovered the finding of the American College of Chest Physicians that soy oil contains omega 3 fatty acids . Sardines themselves are rich in these most beneficial substances so immersing them in more of the same could only seem to make a good thing better . And , with the addition of lemon -LRB- a real lemon slice right in the tin -RRB- the eater also benefits from the intake of vitamin C.Anyway , to cut to the chase I 'll simply say that these fish taste great.I do , however , perform a quick dissection prior to indulging .
 recently , my husband brought home one can of salt-free sardines in water -LRB- ca n't remember they type , but none of the brands listed here -RRB- . i had been watching the BBC Blue Planet series recently , and all that footage of sardine feasting by the various ocean predators must have lodged somewhere in my subconsciousness , because i eyed his can of sardines for 2 days before i could take it no longer , and i just wolfed it down by myself -LRB- so selfish - i know -RRB- . Even though i have always liked canned sardines , i just had stopped eating them years ago due to my unfounded fears about mercury levels -LRB- turns out sardines have among the lowest levels in the ocean for an omega-3 rich fish -RRB- , and just plain laziness / life getting in the way / other things to eat ... anyway , i digress.i looked on amazon and found a case of reese skinless boneless saltless in water -LRB- my husband is on a health kick -RRB- , and roland skinless boneless saltless in water -- both the cheapest on subscribe and save . after ordering these two cases , i thought , well - i actually like oil packed . As an accommodation to my salt-avoiding husband , i also ordered the crown prince brisling oil/no salt . BUT , just to round out my midnight sardine buying spree -LRB- that one can - or maybe the Blue Planet series - really wet my appetite , i guess -RRB- , i also ordered these Viga oily , salted , skin and bone fish for myself.ok . well . i 've eaten nearly -LRB- my husband stole some of one can as i was scarfing -RRB- 4 cans of the viga since yesterday when i got the shipment ... . i know it 's not good to have too many omega-3s , so i 'll try to control myself now . But , YUUUUUUMMMMMM !!!!!! i went back on-line today , and ordered what turns out to be the last case ... sorry folks . i 'm really hoping Amazon brings these back . i ca n't believe how delicious these Viga lemon are . the slice of lemon -LRB- in the can , as noted by one reviewer -RRB- is similar to the moroccan preserved lemon -LRB- i love moroccan food -RRB- - very soft , very mild , nearly sweet lemon slice . the flavor of the fish is a thing wonderously oily and richly satisfying - as only skin and bone can add , i believe . Although I also liked all the other sardines i bought , the no oil , no salt , no skin and no bones ... well , it 's a health thing i guess - but i prefer those with hot sauce or onions or mustard , etc. ... the reese and roland also tasted like tuna in a can - not bad for that kinda thing - i was thinking i 'd need to actually mix them with mayo for a sardine-fish sandwich - again , not bad - still feels good after eating , but not something quite i 'm craving -- unlike this viga with lemon . i think i could eat this everyday , easily . quite delicious . Re
 What can i say about sardines ? Well these were good ones , lot 's of fish and oil with a touch of lemon and easy to open too .
 I spent considerable time in Spain and became accustomed to the fine tinned seafood from Galicia . These sardines fit the bill . They are not the tiny brisling sardines , but larger fish . While olive oil is better , the oil used for these is deliciously light . I add a squeeze of lemon juice to enhance their delicate flavor . I 'm hooked again .
 Large and firm . Headless , gutted , boneless and mostly tail-less . More than just a hint of lemon . Flavorful.I could wish that the bones had been left in as I value them for the calcium . But perhaps they 'd be a bit too rugged for brawny sardines like these ? I 'd also love to see a version of these in spring water but the oil is remarkably light . I 've really no complaints at all since I ordered these for a very tasty B-12 boost.My cat does n't like the lemon ... - shrug - That much more for me !
 Tasty and good size these sardines are great ! Loved the lemon slice and was surprised the oil was as good as it was since I usually prefer olive oil . An excellent value . I would definitely buy these again .
 These sardines are quite inexpensive and I thought the flavor was good . My 10-pack had two sardines to a can , making these the largest sardines I 've eaten . Generally I prefer the feel of the smaller sardines like the Crown Prince Brisling varieties , but those are much more expensive and I also find that they are a bit too heavily smoked . These are lighter in flavor , and the subtle taste of lemon is nice . I will likely order these again .
 I purchased the Vigo Sardines in oil with lemon based on the reviews in Amazon . They are quite good . The Sardines are tender and there is a bit of actual lemon in the can . I love the fact that they smell a lot better than sardines I am used too . From what I have read the difference is that these fish are canned soon after they are caught . I usually have them for lunch at work and my office does not begin to smell like a fish market . The fish have an almost salmon like color on the inside which is visually appealing . I have already purchased 20 more tins ! And the price is right .
 A little bony but not too bad . . not that lemony to me . Nice big sardines . Bargain priced and overall very good .
 Vigo Sardines in Oil with Lemon , 43/8 - Ounce Cans -LRB- Pack of 10 -RRB- I have tried many sardines over the years . Most of them are very high in sodium and high cholesterol . Quite a few of the inexpensive brands have large chunks of sardines that are also bland to the taste.The Vigo in oil with lemon fits the bill . They are packed 3-4 per can but the flavor is very good ! They are low sodium and somewhat lower in cholesterol than many that I have tried . The price is right and delivery fast . I recommend them .
 I ordered these sardines from Spain for several years . With a real piece of lemon in each can , these sardines were great.The last batch shows sardines are made in Morocco now , and quality is is by a notch lower.On top of it , the package had one or two cans crashed with oil damaging the whole pack . Lower quality of cans , perhaps.I will try other brands before coming back to ordering these ones .
 I purchased this for my fiance while he was away for military training over Valentine 's day . He is a BIG chocolate and coffee lover and critic ! He absolutely loved this basket ! He shared it with his friend 's on base and told me they all enjoyed it too . His favorite was mixing the chocolate stirs sticks and regular coffee . He compared the result to a delicious pricey coffee shop drink . I would highly recommend this ! You get so much stuff for the price too !! It was such a hit I would even get it again for him in the future .
 I think this is a very good product for instant coffee . Of course it is n't a real cappuccino -- e.g. , no froth despite the lovely picture on the box -- but it is still satisfying , and organic to boot . I like that it is n't overly sweetened like many American-made instant coffee/cappuccino products . I also like that it 's not full of yucky , unpronouncable ingredients -- it only contains skimmed milk powder , raw cane sugar , instant coffee , non-hydrogenated veggie fat , and sea salt . It 's wonderful for those days when I do n't have time to make coffee in the morning and do n't want to spend $ 4 on a latte from the coffee shop .
 I was spending atleast $ 5 - $ 10 a day at Starbucks or Peet 's Coffee and decided I needed to start saving the $ 200 - $ 300 a month I was wasting . Because I have kids who are young , using my home Espresso maker did n't work out daily because I could n't find the time . I tried some of the US brands of `` Instant Cappucino 's '' and they are loaded with partially hydrogenated fats and really sweet and I did n't like them . Then I tried these Mt. Hagen Instant Cappucino 's . I had tried similar ones in Italy and Germany when I am overseas and so I ordered these off of Amazon . They are great for what they are and are organic and do n't use partially hydrogenated fats and are low sugar . Economical too ! With the price Amazon charges -LRB- at around $ 2 a box -RRB- I can drink them guilt-free of the cost ! One note
 This is a great product . This and sea salt are the only salts I use . Being on a low-sodium diet for life this little container last me several months . Pricier than normal table salt , but this salt is actually good for you ! Full of minerals naturally produced on Earth . I highly recommend this product !
 I love this delicate pink salt . It is by far my favorite type of salt .
 admittedly I am sorta picky about teas , this one out of all the oolongs I have tried from this company is my favorite , and its the cheapest sort of oolong , I had tried some from another tea company I found on amazon and it was so weak for a se chung oolong I was so mad at myself for wasting money on it , this came and its fabulous ! great price too .
 This fudge is so much fun and totally unique ... made to resemble the nostalgic flavor of sugar daddy caramel pops . This is one of my personal favorites ... Order yours today !
 There is nothing like KC masterpiece to spice up baked beans , barbecue or just a burger . Be glad they still sell this stuff .
 This was absolutely perfect in every way . The receiver loved it , it came on time and was an attractive gift . Thanks .
 I ordered my Deluxe Aero Garden when it was a `` Deal for the Day '' . It came with the Gourmet Herb Seed Kit , but I do n't care much for the herbs . Before my Aero Garden arrived I went to a local kitchen store and bought the Cherry Tomatoes seed kit . I have Prime delivery -LRB- 2 day free delivery -RRB- but it took 10 days to get it as we had bad weather . The end result is that it was worth the wait as I am very happy with the garden . It is now 3 weeks since I `` plugged in '' my cherry tomatoes and they are 3-4 inches tall . Each day I check the progress of the tomatoes even though it is almost care free and can be left for 2 weeks with no extra care or watering as the Aero Garden does it on its own . When my budget allows I 'm planning on buying another one but for growing petunias . Like I stated before , I 'm happy with my Aero Garden and I know you will be too !
 The AeroGrow Garden arrived on time , undamaged , and fully operational.I bought this item for my wife and she has really enjoyed it.I highly recommend the product and vendor .
 I was a little skeptical at first , but this thing really does grow some nice plants . I have been enjoying fresh basil and mint lately , and they are very nice and quite flavorful .
 I bought my Aerogrow garden last February -LRB- 2007 -RRB- and have had three long lasting crops since then
 The seed packages state the likely time for contents to sprout and , after three weeks of hydroponic effort , everything is precisely on schedule . Another two weeks pass before the harvest begins . Then , we 'll be enjoying fresh , organic herbs , grown under our own supervision . So far , the Aerogarden is working exactly as advertised . The water tank had to be refilled after the first two weeks and new nutrients were needed at the same time . Separate warning lights indicated the need for those things to be done . Now , we just watch the grass grow . Not the most exciting activity , but the herbs are plentiful .
 Since I live in Norway I cant get one for myself , -LRB- it 's not shipped to Europe -RRB- but my mom lives in Wichita and I bought one for her . She just love it !! She ca n't praise it enough ! Easy to use and gives a superb growt . She says everyone should have one!I want one of those too ... Ren&eacute;e , Norway
 This was a present and boy do I love this . Fast and easy . This is perfect for my apartment and it is truly amazing . It is expensive to set up , but boy is it worth it . My herb garden is blooming despite my toxic thumb :-RRB- I promise you 'll love this if you are a plant enthusiast .
 Love the AeroGarden , it is neat to be growing lettuce in Minnesota in January . The product shipped right away , and works as promised . Very happy with the Aerogarden .
 This is a great product for the cook that likes fresh homegrown ingredients.I was tired of buying fresh herbs at the grocery and having them go bad before they could be used.The aerogarden enables me to grow outside of the normal growing season.There also is a nice variety of kits offered to try from their website aerogrow.comMy first planting of herbs is about four weeks old and is doing very well and will be able to begin harvesting in a couple of weeks.I have purchased an additional unit for my mother !
 This was a Xmas gift for my elderly father who can not garden in the winter months here in Upstate NY . Although he was apprehensive about the whole concept of no soil , he finally hooked it up and got his tomato seeds set . He easily understood the directions and information provided and is just thrilled about having fresh cherry tomatoes at the end of winter that he grew . Perhaps we can add to this review when they are full grown and harvested . Great gift idea and price .
 I started with one aerogarden -LRB- about 2 years ago -RRB- and now have 4 ! I love them , they are easy enough that my 4 year old can help with them and results are fast . We grow herbs and veggies year round . We have even started experimenting with our own seeds . Last year we used the garden starter and it worked great to get us over 50 plants to transplant to our outside garden in just a few weeks . Highly recommend
 Item was delivered fast and on time , product box advertised as the new model -LRB- 7 -RRB- and the item itself was actually the previous model -LRB- 6 -RRB- . Still happy and product was in great shape .
 My Aerogarden 7 arrived today ! The set up was simple and I find it very quiet , so quiet I had to check and make sure the pump was working -LRB- it was ! -RRB- . I already have an Aerogarden 3 and have had success with it growing Basil , Dill and Thyme . I am looking forward to using the gourmet herb pack that came with the Aerogarden 7 and then branching out and trying the Salsa garden next . I have used customer service in the past . E-mailing the company resulted in a rather rude answer but talking directly to them I had a very positive response and my defective seed pod was replaced immediately . I never had to wait on the phone when calling customer service either . I am the 5th person in my extended family to have an Aerogarden and we all have enjoyed using them in the cold Winter months . I would recommend this product .
 We actually purchased 2 Aerogardens . We are very pleased with both transactions . The Aerogarden is a hydroponic growing system with automatic lights and water circulation . It took only 3 weeks for the herbs to come up . You can also use the unit as a starter for plants you want to put outside . Our second Aerogarden was the more advanced model with a trellis system so we can grow bigger plants and vines . My only complaint about the system has to do with the little paper caps and plastic lids that go on the seed pods . Sometimes the paper caps are on crooked and this prevents the plastic dome from seating correctly . So , I peel off the paper cap and have to tape it down . They need better quality control on the placement of the paper caps.One of my seed pods developed some mold . I called the company and they told me to put a little peroxide on it and they mailed out new seed pods just in case . I received them in a few days.The transaction itself went smoothly and the items arrived on time in exactly the condition as described.I recommend this item and the company .
 going 2 years now . still works great , no problems . I 've reordered bulbs and herb seed kits . I have fresh pesto sauce anytime I want . The globe basil is a prolific grower , luckily , pesto sauce freezes well .
 Easy to set up after a little head scratching . The universal seed kit plastic holders must really be pressed down to click into place.The system is very simple with automated timers for light and reminder timers for nutrients and water level . Never had such an easy hydroponics system . I am spoiled.Started with lettuce but fortunately knew to thin the extra sprouts in each pod . You still have to know a little about gardening . Lettuce growth is faster than a soil garden . I look forward to my first harvest .
 I bought the AeroGarden in hopes of starting my own indoor garden since I live in a highrise apartment and off the ground . I also get the morning sun so growing plants on my balcony is hard to do . I searched the internet in hopes of a indoor garden for myself and I came accross Amazon.com they had on their site the AeroGarden . I purchased the AeroGarden and within a few days it arrived and wow !! I 'm still impressed with it I put it together the same day I got it wich was March 31/11 . within the first 5 days I saw seedlings . On April 22/11 I transplanted my plants into a flower pots . I will purchase another 7 pod black AeroGarden again soon . I had a bit of a problem with setting the timer other than that it was eay to assemble . I highly recommend the AeroGarden to anyone who wants to start their own indoor Garden . The AeroGarden is the right thing to own it 's the size of a meduim sized plant and it sits on a end table . I bought the Gourmet Herb seeds and I found that the Dill and Mint took the longest to grow but they did come through ok and now they are bigger then the other plants . I 'm so happy that I got this AeroGarden it 's the best investment I had ever made .
 I purchased this as a gift for my husband . He absolutely loves it ! It was easy to set up and get started . The plants sprouted within just a few days , some even sprouted after 1 day !! We have had this product for 2 weeks now and are already enjoying fresh herbs from it.The only downside to this product -LRB- and the reason I did n't give it a full 5 stars -RRB- is the fact that the light is very bright . We live in an apartment so decided to move our garden into the office so we can close the door at night which allows us to sleep without the light bothering us . If you live in an open apartment you may want to consider the amount of light this puts off before you buy it . If you have someplace to put it that you can close the door then I 'd say there should n't be anything that stops you from buying .
 I love to cook with fresh herbs . I started my aero herb garden on 7-21-09 and have harvested over four times now . In just two and a half weeks i had to clip my basil twice . The root system is now almost 20 '' long . This is one of the best systems i have seen . I would recommend this to everyone out there . I have seen horrible reviews for this product , but , they are not true . Try one for yourself , you will see what I am talking about .
 I purchased this for myself for Christmas . Love it . Do n't believe those complainers that it 's too bright and noisy . Where did they put -- on their nightstand ? Mine is in the kitchen and I do n't usually sleep there . It is bright -- you need light to grow plants . There is a very slight hum and water sound . Unless you are sitting right next to it listening for something to complain about it wo n't disturb you . It 's not really `` aero '' but who cares as long as the plants are growing . I looked into building my own , but it would cost more and not be automatic.I planted the herbs and they are growing nicely , especially the basil plants . I have had to raise the lights three times already . Instructions seem to cover everything -- especially how to harvest your crop . In the box is a coupon to purchase more seeds for something like $ 4.99 . I purchased at Bed Bath & Beyond using their 20 % off coupon . However , I really appreciate the fast response Amazon has for refunds -- the same day they receive a return ! Never a problem with Amazon.You can also make your own `` pods '' and grow whatever small plants you want . I 'm going to try cherry tomatoes next .
 Its the real thing . If you ca n't grow a crop with this product , seek medical help ... Really though , its too simple and straight forward to screw up . I am on my second crop of peppers and it looks like the first crop was n't a fluke . The only drawback is the fact that the veggie leafs get too tall so fast , even with the recommended pruning , that the light hood needs to be removed and you have to allow mother nature light to finish it off . I understand Aero has a new unit that is a bit larger and addresses this problem . Growing veggies this way is a reward you wouldnt believe . The peppers I have are so flipin ' hot that your skin burns if you dont wash your hands after cutting them up . Not kidding . The unit takes up only a minimal amount of room and tending . Indicator lights go off when its time to add water and nutrients . True Gardening for Dummies . There have been other counter-top gardening kits offered in the past but most are clunky and messy to use , producing sickly looking plants . Not this one . Give it a try . Its kind of fun and you 'll enjoy the results .
 So far so good ! I 've had my herbs in for a few weeks and all is well , except the Cilantro never sprouted ... oh , well ... the others are doing well . I probably should have called as soon as I realized that the cilantro was a dud , but I did n't have time . Now I 'm sure it 's too late to ` plant ' a fresh one , so I 'll do without this time .
 I 've had my AeroGarden for about three months now , and it 's been a joy . The herbs grew unbelievably rapidly and I have more fresh basil than I 'm able to use ! It 's nice to be able to pluck off a few leaves and toss them right into the spaghetti sauce . It 's very easy to use - about every two weeks a little light comes on , and I re-fill it with water and add two more nutrient tablets.I ca n't wait to try the strawberry kit !
 I got my Aerogarden back in December , 2006 . I have been seeing it sprout very well from when I first started using it December 18th to be exact . I 'm almost to the point of clipping back the branches to let it grow even further . I 'm so excited as I got the cherry tomato kit ... My only cons are that the light it needs to grow under is extremely bright as another poster mentioned here . I wish they would have perfected it so it would n't bother us being so bright . If you have a place where you can keep it out of your sight it will help . If I had a larger place I 'd have gotten 2 Aerogardens for sure!IT is a bit expensive I think as well ... But on the upside you could order it at Aerogarden 's website with 3 installments of $ 49.99 which I am currently under here . So in that way that helps make it affordable.Also they need to make it even a possibly cuter design ... Maybe they are working on this ? LOL ... Also wondering if they 'll make it so we can grow more then one `` kit '' at a time too ? That would be great as well.I hope you 'll get this ! Like I said if I had a bigger place I 'd get 2 . You 'll love to watch it grow quick !
 I have had my Aero Garden for several years and have been very satisfied with it . When my herbs start growing out of control I freeze them . I use ice cube trays , I simply cut the herbe and put them into the ice cube trays . Into each cube I put olive oil , just enougn to cover the herbs and when I am cooking I just take out the cubes that I need and put them into my cooking pot thus adding herbs and olive oil at the same time . This freezes very nicely and when your ice tray is full you simply remove them and put them in a baggie and keep them in the freezer until you use them .
 This is a terrific and easy way to grow fresh herbs in your kitchen . There is no mess . I have my garden growing for a month and will be ready to harvest soon . The company support is superb . I have one seed pod that did n't germinate and within a week it was replaced .
 I have this product in white - excellent ! Easy to follow instructions -LRB- hint hint for Mr. James Lin who sent in the images -RRB- , quick produce and a delight for anyone visiting your home.When you open your garden kit , it will tell you which setting and location to put your plants , the box has a 7 open spaces mimicking the actual aerogarden . You place the garden grow pods in the corresponding locations . You do not mix the lettuce with the herbs and place the aerogarden on herbs or tomatoes settings - if you 're growing lettuce , which setting do you think you place the garden ? Everyone at the same time `` the lettuce setting '' . Buy this product - it 's wonderful if gardening is or is n't your thing . The garden kits are showing up at all of the stores now - JCPenney , Bed Bath & Beyond , etc. ...
 I 've seen reviews where DIYers complain it 's easily made , but if you 're giving this kit to someone as a gift they 're probably gardeners or cooks , and would probably appreciate the simplicity and effectiveness of the kit . They grow quickly and abundantly - the demo photo is n't an exaggeration . After the first crop , maybe you should look into making your own seed pods , but regardless this made a great gift .
 I just received my AeroGarden 6 days ago so yes , this is an early review . But , unbelieveably , I already have one inch high basil and it looks like all my other herbs have sprouted . So , I must say , the early results are impressive.However , do not underestimate the other comments about brightness . This thing is like inviting a supernova into your home . I mean , really ... it 's in my kitchen and even if I close the kitchen doors the light squeezing through the cracks looks like some sort of Poltergiest , trans-dimensional event is occurring in there.The one piece of good news is that you can set the lighting cycle so that it goes off at a certain time of day . I set mine so that the unit turns off right about when I come home from work . Now , that means that the unit comes on again in about 7 hours to fulfill it 's 17 hour daily cycle , but since it pops on about 2 am I 'm dead asleep in my bedroom and do n't even notice it . And , I kinda am forced to admit , I like wandering out of my room in the dark morning and having the glow of a small nuclear reactor lighting my way through the condo.So my early review is favorable . I think this thing might just actually do what it promises . And at the very least , I wo n't be getting Ricketts anytime soon.NOTE
 My 3 year old hated lettuce before we purchased the Aerogarden . After watching the leaves grow , he is always asking for the lettuce . We no longer have problems getting him to eat his salads and he loves to snack on the leaves ! We all do!The only downside - the outside leaves are not that pretty , and the lettuce does not stay lush and full . But it 's still great to look at . Customer service is also great and they quickly sent replacements for the seeds that did not sprout.Follow-up ! I called aerogarden and let them know about my not so pretty outer lettuce leaves after about 6 weeks of growth . They immediately sent a replacement seed kit . The new seed kit has grown VERY full and lush , much better than the first kit . I was told to call back with any problems . Customer service really wants you to be completely happy . I am impressed ! Make that 5 stars !
 This is a great way to grow fresh vegies and herbs with almost no hassle . The company has a great customer service department . One of our lamps went out and they sent us 2 replacements at no charge within a week . This has been a lot of fun . My only complaint is that it 's hard to find supplies for it locally and the unit is currently geared more to prepackaged seed units instead of letting you do custom plants of your own choice . This system is ready right out of the box and you have sprouts in about a week .
 I got this for Christmas and finally got my package off Italian herb seeds last month . Everything but the thyme is growing very well . The basil is very tall and full . The mint is doing great . Oregano is going wild . The thyme is growing but looks a little sickly . I 'm thinking of getting another one after reading that strawberries are now available .
 I love this little thing ! I have successfully grown veggies in my kitchen and they look great . Except the Cilantro and Dill did n't sprout , so it ai n't perfect I guess ... still love it though.We plugged it in , placed in the pods , pressed the button for what we were growing and -LCB- POOF ! -RCB- we have n't touched it , other than adding water and the little tablets everyonce and a while.Like others mentioned it puts off a lot of light ... almost like a Flood Light in the Kitchen at night . So be careful where you put it at night .
 For Christmas 2006 , I received one of these aerogarden kits as a gift . Within 31/2 weeks , we began reaping the benefits of our indoor garden . Last week we picked the last of this initial crop which gave us at least a dozen salads for two people.No mess , no fuss , no bugs , and the added bonus of security knowing where and how our salad makings are grown.We now have two units going with the plan to purchase two more .
 This product is amazing . It grows edible gardens with minimum care and absolutely no soil . I planted my salad greens garden on Dec. 4 . Within 2-3 days the seeds begin to sprout ; in exactly 26 days I was eating salad grown on my kitchen counter . The only `` gardening '' I have had to do was add nutrient tablets a couple of times , add water -LRB- twice a week since the plants have matured -RRB- and raise and lower the lamp as needed . Setting this up was as simple as popping in two light bulbs , attaching a lamp shade , filling a bowl with water and dropping pre-planted seeds into holes . My kindergarten age kids are just as excited as I. My 5 year old niece exclaimed on her last visit , `` Wow ! That plant is really getting big ! '' I harvest about 2 salads every other day and pick lettuce for sandwiches daily . All you need for sucess is to follow the directions that come with the garden . I highly recommend this product . I have already given it as a gift , and I am considering buying another so that I have herbs and lettuce growing in my kitchen at the same time . Who needs to worry about e-coli ?
 I bought this for my wife for Christmas and we both are amazed at the quality of this product . Our first ` planting ' was tomatoes and 4 days later we have sprouts . This is easy to use with no mess.The only thing I 'd like to see done differently is the ability to grow multiple products -LRB- i.e. , tomatoes , salad , herbs -RRB- at the same time . Currently , you can only grow the same item at one time.Update
 This is a terrific product , and I highly recommend it . Whenever I have people in my house , they 're always fascinated by it and ask me lots of questions . I 've only planted the gourmet herb seed kit that came with it so far , and all of the herbs were delicious . It 's so convenient to have the garden right there in my kitchen , and I love that it 's low-maintenance . I do have a few minor complaints , which is why I only gave it 4 stars instead of 5 : * The cilantro did n't grow at all . I got absolutely nothing . I received my AeroGarden as a birthday gift in July . We were in the middle of remodeling our house at the time , so I stored the package , unopened , in the garage . The 90-100 degree garage . For a month . I am going to assume that the heat destroyed my cilantro seeds . Oddly , everything else grew just fine . Maybe I just got bad cilantro seeds . My husband despises cilantro , so our joke is that he poisoned the seeds when I was n't looking . :--RRB- * The mint seemed to die a couple months after planting . The two basils , the parsley , and the dill are still doing well . The chives are looking a little iffy right now , but I have n't been very consistent with pinching back the other herbs . I think the chives are being overpowered by their neighbors . This was n't the issue with the mint , though . * The herbs included in the kit that comes with the garden would not be my first choice . I love the basil . It 's convenient to have parsley on hand since a lot of recipes call for only a few tablespoons of it . I used to hate buying a huge bunch of parsley , only to use such a small amount . I 'd like to say the same thing about the cilantro , but of course , mine did n't grow . I rarely need mint , dill , or chives , though . That 's just my personal preference , of course . Maybe this mix of herbs is perfect for some people . I am going to choose a different herb kit for my next planting.I still really love my AeroGarden , despite its few drawbacks . In fact , I want to plant some salad greens , but I do n't want to give up having fresh herbs available . I am actually considering buying a second garden . I 've noticed other reviewers have had the same dilemma . : - -RRB-
 We purchased two of these for gifts and both recipients are absolutely delighted . One is my elderly father-in-law and he mentions it every time we talk to him on the pnone . He is an avid gardener and the Aerogarden has given him a lovely winter crop of lettuce for the last 2 months and is still going strong . He said it is easy to set up and is a subject of conversation when people come to visit . The second purchase was at the request of my father-in-law for my niece . She is also in a cold climate and the Aerogarden is a bright spot of green in her kitchen with a fine crop of herbs growing that she enjoys using in cooking . She also has 2 small children who are getting an education in aero-hydroponic gardening . I am hoping that my husband buys me one for my birthday .
 10 Stars . I ca n't say enough about the quality of this product . I started with lettuce . I know I will buy at least a second unit to grow herbs and will probably buy a third to grow strawberries when they come out . I may even go for a 4th for tomatoes if I could figure out where to put it . This company worked very hard to build a product that is as fail proof as possible and it could n't be any easier . I am so grateful that someone took the time to bring this technology to the public . I look forward to the future and all the products yet to be developed . I 'd love to have a whole room of these things .
 They never thanked me . I hope they got it . It was on their wedding register . It was the best thing left .
 I bought this for my husband for Christmas because he loves to cook using different herbs and grows herbs in a garden in the summer . Now he can grow them year round . He was really pleased with this garden and it is growing exactly as they said it would . The only reason I did n't give it a five is because the light is so extremely bright that we moved it around several times before we found a suitable place for it . I guess the plants need that light but it was way too bright to leave in the kitchen . I am pleased with this item and would buy it again .
 this is the 3rd garden I have purchased ... I love to give them as gifts now and love the one I own .
 Stylish and easy to set up . Unfortunately one of the seven pods did n't do anything but turn to mold . Guess they should check their `` dill '' crop . And the lights do n't stay off for 8 hours ; 7 is more what I have experienced . Otherwise , we 'll see as I await results .
 i bought this as a present for my wife after she saw some kitchen of the rich and famous in a magazine with a built in herb garden . she was suprised and loved it . she has used it to grow herbs and tomatos . if you know somone who loves to cook with fresh ingridents this thing will make them verry happy . it is verry easy to use and works just as described . you just have to keep it full of water and give it a neutrient tablet every now and then . the stuff grows super fast and lasts a long time . it has it 's own light so you do n't have to put it by a window .
 I actually found my Aerogarden in a thrift shop where I was excited to be able to purchase one at a fraction of the price . We had some old seeds in the garage for a garden we were supposed to plant that just never happened . I threw those in the pods and was astounded that after coming home from a weekend trip , got my first lettuce sprouts in only 3 days ! I followed directions which were easy and virtually care-free after the start and couldnt believe my eyes as my lettuce grew tall and delicious.We then purchased the gourmet herb garden and I could not be happier . I was missing two herbs that I wanted and called customer service and had the quickest complaint and solving call ever . He was extremely helpful and didnt try to place blame or make excuses . He solved my problem , sent me the seeds I was missing for free and that was that . A very nice experience for a change . I have now my second crop of herbs growing and they are wonderful!DOWNSIDE
 I got this as a mothers day gift . It is amazing how well the herbs grow in this system and it is very low maintenance.Be sure to trim down your herbs or they 'll be touching the ceiling in no time.We have not seen how well the other seed packs work with this system or if its possible to use normal seeds in this system .
 I 've purchased my fair share of gadgets over the years , the AeroGarden gets a GOLD medal . It is flawless . It is easy to assemble , It took me less than 10 minutes . Planting was equally easy , I just dropped the little canisters in the appropriate spots and plugged it in . Within a week the various herbs were sprouting as advertised . It is so exciting . I do not have a green-thumb but AeroGarden makes me a competent gardener . I check it 2-3 times a day , not because I need to -LRB- it runs automatically -RRB- but out of sheer pleasure . I highly recommend this product and in fact I will buy a second one and start growing tomatoes next . It is such great value for money , I estimate that it will pay for itself within 90-120 days compared with purchasing fresh herbs in the supermarket .
 Wonderful to give as a gift ! Recipient loves this item . Fast delivery and great price .
 We are enjoying herbs everyday . Would be nice to grow some tomatoes at the same time .
 I love to cook and having all these fresh herbs right in the kitchen is a treat . Easy to grow , easy to use ... this is a must for any cook or gardener !
 The AeroGarden was purchased as a gift for my son 's birthday . It works great and he loves it .
 No mess , No fuss . Herbs grew great with no effort . Quiet and trouble free .
 Love to watch the herbs grow . Once they get started they grow fast . Have to clip the tallest ones so do n't have to raise the grow bulbs before the slower plants are ready .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for someone who is very interested in having fresh herbs and salad greens regularly . She was extremely excited by this gift . It was easily put together , the directions were very clear and precise . She has already , within a week , had success with growing . I had been put off by the price on the AeroGarden site itself and was very happy to find the price here on Amazon . The shipping was excellent , very expedient . I give this a great recommendation !
 Some of the seed pods have not grown well . Growing time is longer that advertised .
 Seems like a very good product - after 5 days all the herbs are sprouting - instructions are very easy to follow.The Amazon dealer who handled the order was slow and unresponsive
 Very nice indoor garden . I 've only tried the Gourmet Herb Seed Kit so far , but they have grown very fast and the herbs are great . I ca n't wait to try the cherry tomato kit . My son and I come home each night to see how fast the plants have grown . The aroma of the herbs are great and they look awesome ! Very good product for someone who does not have outdoor space or for anyone who wants to have fresh herbs/vegetables in the winter .
 I now own three AeroGardens . One for herbs , one for salad greens & one for chili peppers . Living in the Inland Northwest with 4 seasons , I can now have fresh herbs , greens & peppers all year . The AeroGarden is very low maintenance and is fast growing . I 'm on my third planting of greens , my third planting of herbs and just starting my peppers . Their customer service is the best and I highly recommend this product .
 Bought this product as a gift for my mother-in-law . Herbs starting growing within days and she was harvesting by the beginning of the 4th week . She loved it so much I ended up getting one for myself . It is doing fantastic also . Easy to set-up and use .
 The AeroGrow AeroGarden is a wonderful , unique product for someone who wants to have fresh herbs or gourmet tomatoes all year round . I purchased this product as a birthday gift and would give the product 5 stars if ALL the plants had started to grow . Two out of the three plants are growing beautifully . The company that sent the garden 6 weeks ago , has still NOT replaced the one plant that did n't sprout . The design of the garden is great and we are still pleased .
 I love this . I 'm growing 5 pods of lettuce in center area and two cherry tomato plants in the two outer pods . The FRESH lettuce is so good . I started May 6th , and just 4 weeks later have enough lettuce for one person to have lettuce everyday . Recommend this to anyone , but especially for shut-ins , or folks who do n't like to go to the store . This would be a great gift for a favorite older relative . FUN .
 These things grow like crazy . I planted my gardens -LRB- one gourmet herbs , one holiday herbs -RRB- three months ago and I have trouble keeping up with the amount of growth . I use a lot of parsley and thyme so I 'm delighted there is so much , but the excess of some of the others is going to the freezer ... more chervil than I 've ever seen . The plants are healthy and clean with no bugs like outside gardens . What a blessing.Yes , the lights are the very white daylight bulbs , but in my den , it adds nice lighting where I would n't otherwise have any and I rarely use the overhead light anymore so the electricity is a wash for me . The pump in one garden made noise at first , but I read the FAQs on the website , which said it was likely that nutrients had gotten into the pump . I jiggled the pump a bit and the problem went away . Since then I put the nutrients at the front of the water well and have had no further problems . Some people complain about the dripping sound but if you keep the water level up you do n't hear it.I tried for years to grow fresh herbs indoors during the winter and was never really successful until now . The units are very easy to care for and you ca n't beat the prolific harvest . Now , if only they 'd let me choose the individual herbs to grow instead of offering just the combination sets . I may have to try planting my own seeds as they have kits that allow you to do that . I 'm looking forward to free salads all summer when it comes time to replant . Great product .
 The aerogarden is so easy to set up and use , just set it and forget it!The plants seem to be growing at a faster rate than standard ways , and they look so good.I got a 2nd one for tomatoes .
 Lots of nice features make this pretty easy to use and be successful at . I like the lights that light up when it needs water or food . Instructions for trimming/pruning are explicit.Only two draw backs - it is a bit pricey , and one of the lights keep coming loose so I had to rig it a little to keep it turned on
 I got this for my boyfriend for Christmas , so this is just an initial review . It will be updated later.First of all , AeroGrow packages there product very well . It is very well contain and also nice to look at.We upboxed it and followed the directions to set up the product . The directions were very good and easy to follow . They made it very simple and took away any potential confusion.When we plugged it in and let it do it 's thing , it sounds like a high quality device . It does not make any irritating noises , and in fact sounds a bit like a quiet fish tank.The light is very bright , and very clean and crisp . This is wonderful.We got the white one , which is bright and refreshing . I think silver and black would be good colors as well , but black was a little too dark for my tastes . The white is just very appropriate . I was afraid at first that it would look a bit like some giant ipod , but it does not.So far this product is a 5 star item .
 We saw a friend 's AeroGrow and collected a handful of basil . Looked like fun , so we got one . WOW . Everything came up . The plants sat there for a couple of weeks then took off . The chives reached the light and it browned the tips . We raised the lights one notch , then another , then another . Now a month out , the light is in the highest notch . Everything is growing well , although the parsley is slower than the rest . The growing is fun , but having a sprig of fresh cilantro in homemade salsa is even better ! Instruction sheet is clearly written and easy to follow . I rate this product as 5 star fun . Christmas breakfast will include scrambled eggs with fresh chives . We bought a second one to give as a gift .
 Everything grew faster than expected , however the herbs included were not ones I could get alot of use out of . Would 've preferred cilanto , chives , and italian parsley over 3 different kinds of basil . Love the dill , it was huge . I made the mistake of putting oregano , tyme , & mint close together , they just ended up in a tangled mess that I could n't use since they grew long and stringy instead of up . Once they got big I 've had to add alot of water every other day and once or twice did not get a low water level lite in time , so keep an eye on it like any other plants . I love the idea of having fresh stuff without worrying about chemicals sprayed on it from stores , wish I had room for more , it does take up space , also lights are super bright and light up half the house . For those who say pods did n't grow
 I have 2 7-pod gardens . One is growing herbs ; the other the Chef Salad package . Both gardens grew quickly as promised , and required ` pruning ' on schedule . The herbs that are doing well are mint , parsley , basil , Italian basil and thyme -LRB- I am already drying some and they have only been growing since Jan. -RRB- . However , the chives are sad , very sad and I 'm disappointed in that pod . The Chef Salad mix
 I got this for my Girlfriend , who admittedly has a black thumb . In 2 weeks , we have watched the plants not only grow , but thrive . it is simple , easy to care for , and there are real plants that will be a salad in just another week or so . Incredible !
 Bought this as a gift for my mother for Mother 's Day , so she 's had it for a month now . Already seeing some big herbs from the Gourmet Herb kit - the basil has already been harvested to slow it down from blocking the other herbs.No dead seeds , everything grew.As has been mentioned in some reviews , the light is almost shockingly bright . When it turns off on its timer everyone looks around the room wondering if we just had a problem with the electricity or something because of the sudden lack of light.My mother is very happy with it though , and I 'm considering getting one for myself ... the price tag is the only real issue .
 I love the aero garden , my kids really like the garden but I did not get as many tomatoes at one time as the picture shows . We got enough tomatoes to pick them off and just eat them , never enough to put in a salad . The plant kept producing for a very long time . We are going to do the herbs next .
 I have really enjoyed this product . My plants are growing like crazy ! I love the way the fresh herbs look and smell . My 9 year old son thinks it the coolest thing to watch everything grow with out dirt . I 'm very pleased ! Thank you !
 Yes , it 's true
 My boyfriend got me an Aerogarden for Christmas . I was VERY excited . I love gardening but living in an apartment in LA makes it impossible . Even when I would plant herbs in pots they would end up dying during the summer when temps reach over 100 . So the Aerogarden it was . First I made lettuce which just turned out to be incredible . Tender , wonderful , and I knew who had touched it from start to finish ... ME.Then I used the international herbs . I made a video of making pesto from the basil that can be seen here http://stage6.divx.com/user/SuperFreak/video/1208084/Making-Pesto---SubtitledIt was a ton of fun , I made pesto , home made sphaghetti sauce and mojitos with the herbs I grew.Now I 'm on to tomatoes ! I highly suggest buying an aerogarden if you love to garden but ca n't or do n't have the time .
 People if your reading the negative reviews do n't believe them completely.Though there are times that a plant does not always germinate but some of the easiest mistakes everybody makes when growing plants in the AeroGarden is . 1 . They may not always keep track of pruning the plants such as tomatoes and peppers when growing in the AeroGarden Elite and Extra Elite models . 2 . Also people may forget to water and give the plants it 's nutrients when needing to grow them but do n't worry the AeroGarden has red lights that come on every two weeks to let you know when it 's time to do these task but not to worry it 's easy as 1 , 2 , 3 , 3 . You should also raise the lamp hood so the plant leaves do n't get burnt under the grow bulbs or AeroGarden 's versions of the CFL bulb for growing plants . 4 . You should also harvest the plants fruit or when it comes to herbs you should not let them grow out of control and store them in bags , containers , damp paper towels , or vacuum seal bags to keep them fresh . 5 . Next the biggest mistake that all AeroGarden growers happen to do is believe it or not is forgetting to pollinate there plants such as tomatoes and pepper plants such as you should give them a shake at least twice a day . 6 . AeroGarden also gives instructions as well when it comes to there kits but not always because you will need to look them online most likely and here are the instructions if you want to give them a look plus herbs as well and I will give you some instructions so you can get to them easily . -LSB- ... -RSB- Here are the steps so you can look at both links so you can grow both tomatoes and herbs and the tomato section also has steps for peppers as well . Step 1 . Highlight the link on the address bar then hit back space or delete . Step 2 . highlight one of the links and then right click on the link you highlighted and then hit copy . Step 3 . Put your cursor on the address bar unless it 's already there and then right click again and hit paste and finally hit enter then you should be there in no time . Last but not least if you think you have gotten better at growing with the AeroGarden grow kits from AeroGarden.com Then you can take it to the next level by buying empty seed pods and some other stuff at AeroGarden.com if your wanting to Grow Organic , Heirlooms , Hybrids , etc. . As well when it comes to other seeds you can think of when it comes beyond to your wildest imagination . So do n't give up you 're probably just having a first time bad experience when using the AeroGarden .
 The product does exactly what it said it would and we are most pleased with the results . We live in a the snowy northeast so the green is a positive way to get through the long winters .
 This is a wonderful product . It was delivered on time , undamaged . It fits on the kitchen counter nicely . Very easy to set up and I love that I do n't have to do much , just watch it grow . I also got the &#34; grow my own seed &#34; starter kit . Its so easy I thought I forgot to do something . My seeds are growing like weeds . I prob will get another one , I would recommend this AeroGarden to any one that wants fresh salad greens in the winter and fresh spices in the kitchen . I do n't for see any prob , but if I have some Ill come back and let you know .
 I have strong allergies to mold and potted plants -LRB- w/soil -RRB- cause me headaches so we are trying this hydroponics as an alternative and we are thrilled so far . Very easy to use and takes up little space . If you love fresh herbs but no outside space and / or have allergies to soil ... . Aero Garden is a great alternative .
 It came with a preselected group of seed pods 5/7 of which sprouted within 5 days . One did not sprout at all . It has produced a fine product .
 *** UPDATE ON NOISE ISSUE *** I finally contacted customer service at AeroGarden about the noisy pump . CJ suggested that I try to remove the green filter cover and see if that eliminated the gurgling noise . Voila , it worked ! Now just a dull hum most of the time -- MUCH better . They 're also sending out 2 replacement seed pods since 2 of my plants did n't thrive like the rest . Now that 's great customer service !!! ORIGINAL REVIEWMy husband bought this for me for Christmas and I love being able to grow herbs year-round in the kitchen . Everything is sprouting nicely after just a few weeks . HOWEVER , the motor on the water pump is VERY noisy -- I may even move the garden to another room so we do n't have to listen to the gurgling noise all the time . This seems to be a pretty common complaint with this item .
 I am very happy with this garden so happy I am ordering a 2nd one . I planted salad greens just a week ago and the plants are growing so quick you can see the difference each day . I work a day time job so I have the light come on about the time I get home and stay on all night - that way it is almost like a second lamp and I can look and admire my plants as much as I want . It is fun watching them grow and I ca n't wait to harvest them . The salad green kit said that you can start harvesting in about 2.5 weeks , and at the rate these plants are growing I believe that to be true . I have tried growing fruits and vegatables indoors before but I never had much luck . The thought of being able to eat freshly picked food is enough to make me buy another garden . I ca n't wait for them to come out with the Strawberry seed pods -LRB- I will probably need a 3rd garden then -RRB- . I now had my first salad with the salad greens ; it was so good I made a 2nd larger salad . I am very happy with this garden .
 I purchased the AeroGarden and set it up back in Febuary of 08 ' and just now the herb seed kit I used is finally at an end . It 's already June ! So , when they say you should expect four months of produce , I would say that is very accurate . Here are some main points about the product : * It is very easy to set up . Requires no tools , very minimal effort , everything fits together or snaps into place . You plug it in and it 's ready to go . * The `` light '' stays on for 16 hours on the herb setting -LRB- there are different settings for different seed kits -RRB- . When you set it up make sure that you plug it in according to when you would like to it to come on and turn off . I had mine running from about 6:45 pm to 11:45 am the next day . Makes a nice night-light too ! * If the power goes out , or if you move it , it will automatically restart the growing schedule it was on . * Make sure to pay ATTENTION to the directions that come with the seed packs . They suggest you place the herbs in a certain order so that they will all have the correct amount of light and water . Do n't just place them where you want them , they wo n't all grow properly if you do . Also , do not remove the plastic covers on the seed packs until the plant inside has reached the top of the cover !! * As the plants get bigger -LRB- and they will ! -RRB- they will require you to add water much more often so be mindful and check to make sure the water level light is n't blinking daily . * It does n't say this in the booklet , at least anywhere that I can find anyway but if you are growing herbs , cut them frequently when its time to harvest because this encourages them to continue to produce . Parsley , cilantro , dill and chives grow much better when harvested frequently . * Be prepared ! This product does work . I have basil coming out of my ears ! You have to make sure that as the plants start to get taller you try and keep them away from the grow lights in the top of the unit . It tends to scorch them if they are too close to the light , so try getting them to grow out a little . Even the highest setting -LRB- meaning as far as it will go above the plants -RRB- sometimes is n't enough , they will keep on going!Overall , I have been very pleased with this product . The herbs are very handy to have around , esp during the winter when you ca n't garden outside . The unit is not heavy or bulky , I was actually rather suprised . It does n't take up much space , however , I have a very large amount of counter space and I opted to put the AeroGarden on an iron plant stand by the sliding door . It 's out of the way and gets the extra light from the window as well . I do n't have anything bad to say about it this far . FOLLOW THE DIRECTIONS and it will work for anyone . You do not need any sort of green thumb to run this thing . ; - -RRB-
 I recently picked up the Aerogarden for my wife since she loves fresh herbs . The only Herb she did n't like in the package was Dill . So we replaced the Dill with Oregano and let me say it worked like a charm . We simply removed the Dill seed from the sponge and put in our Oregano seed . Normal germination for Oregano is 10 to 20 days . We had growth after only 3 days using the Aerogarden . Big Success - Love the Machine.Take Care . .
 This is one of those nice things that you rarely find
 We have two of these . The white one is in the kitchen growing herbs , and the black one is in the office growing lettuce . I finally feel like a successful gardener ! These come with explicit instructions and pictures so you ca n't make a mistake . There were only two issues
 I received as a Christmas gift . Had never heard of it , but my son just KNEW I 'd love it . Set-up was very quick . Easy to follow instructions with pics . All the herbs sprouted in the time frame printed on the pod . -LRB- Beware the basil placement as it LEAPS ahead of the rest - perhaps a side spot vs center where it hogs all the light -RRB- . I month later , I have LOADS of herbs , some of which I 'm using and some that I 'm drying for later use . You need to top off the water to the fill line and add the provided nutrient tabs every other week . -LRB- A light comes on to warn you -RRB- . You can program the light to give your plants the needed 8 hrs of dark . The grow light is VERY bright , so I suggest choosing your home placement carefully . We opted for the bottom of the basement stairs.We ca n't wait to try the other kits .
 This is the first time I 've ever done one of these reviews . I bought my aerogarden back in February and I absolutely love it ! It 's easy to set up and maintain and I have more herbs than I know what to do with . Before I got it , it would just kill me to make a dish calling , for example , 2 tbls . of fresh basil , parsley and cilantro . That would mean having to buy about $ 10 worth of herbs and then only using a small fraction of them . This product will pay for itself many times over !
 I only just purchased my AeroGarden , so I have nothing to harvest just yet , but I wanted to comment on the high quality of the package , and the ease of setup . I was very pleasantly surprised . The instruction manual was clearly written and diagrammed . You simply screw in the light bulbs , attach the light to the base , add water , drop the seed packets into their slots -LRB- clearly marked -RRB- , cover them , plug it in , drop in a couple of tablets and you 're good to go.The salad greens seed kit was included in the package , but I started with the herbs , which I ordered separately . Apparently there are additional seed packets under development . Also , the grow light is indeed very , very bright but it 's easy to program for nighttime shut-off .
 I have had the Aerogarden for two months now and now have more basil than I know what to do with . I have basil scrambled eggs for breakfast , pesto pasta for dinner , pistou soup for lunch -- I have an abundance of basil . When I first planted my Aerogarden , however , the cilantro and the dill did not sprout . I contacted customer service , and they not only sent me new seed pods for the cilantro and dill , they sent me a whole new seed pod collection . However , since the basil was doing so spectacularly , I did not want to interfere with it . The mint is going good -LRB- B + -RRB- and the parsley gets a C . The cilantro finally sprouted , but it gets a grade of D at best and I never did get dill -LRB- I did not plant the new seed pod -RRB- . Overall , this is a great product . Customer service is very responsive and , let 's face it , these are a living plants -- Aerogarden has guaranteed them the best they can . The only reason I do n't give it a 5 is that , looking at results , I 'm not sure that the herbs are well suited to be grown together .
 There are times you look at the ad for a product and say , `` Well it looks good in the ad , but that 's a lot of money to pay for what may be just a cheap piece of chinese plastic . '' Well , I ordered this for my wife with missgivings . When it arrived , I was immediately struck with the solid , quality construction . My wife followed the instructions and in less than 3 weeks we were eating all the delicious , healthy , fresh herbs we could handle . The herbs produced for over 5 months , and then we replaced them.We were so impressed with the product , we bought two more with a shelf -- one for salad greens and one for cherry tomatoes . If you love fresh produce and especially salads , but it seems as if some are always spoiling in your fridge , then this is a great product for you .
 I 've tried in the past to grow any plants and would not have much luck , I 'd forget to water or the sun light was either to much or too little . This product works wonderful . The firts time I seen it my sister was at my sisters house . She had the herb garden growing . The plants were healty and Tasty . There is nothing like having fresh herbs for cooking . After that I just had to have one . It 's has taken all the guess work out of gardening . It 's easy to maintain and it 's nearly self suffecient . There is a light that come on about every two weeks as a reminder to add the fertilizer and water and the rest is taken care of for you . You can get any better than that.LK
 My first produce I 'm growing is cherry tomato 's . So far they are growing like it is stated in the book . Looking forward to my first crop , LOL .
 I gave this gift to my son-in-law for Christmas . Being that he loves to cook and use all sorts of herbs , he was thrilled with the gift . He liked the idea that he could purchase more variety kits for his garden . He will set it up in a few weeks .
 The Aerogarden is great ! I ca n't wait for my fresh herbs , and they grow so fast , it wo n't be long !
 I was not sure how this product would work but honestly i ca n't say enough about it . I grow plenty of hot peppers and planted various different ones such as , bhut jalokia , red/orange/white habanero 's trinidad scorpian . . all peppers have come up within a week . !! IF you do n't believe it try it this system is truely amazing !
 This is the second one that I bought . One as a gift for a friend and one as a gift for my wife . She loves it . Having fresh herbs and a window garden that is low maintenance . Package came quickly and product is very useful.As for the nutrients , we lucked into losing them by accidentally throwing the box away with the other recycle . We called Aerogarden and found out that the nutrients that were packed with that box are out of date . Free of charge they sent us new nutrients and the plants responded quickly , growing even faster than they were before . Call them if you have the old white disintegrating tablets . The new nutrients are liquid packets .
 The Aerogarden has proven to be awesome . All but 1 of our seedlings have sprouted and are flourishing . I was impressed with the timer adjustability so that it is on and off when you want it to be . The only thing we did not like was the fact that it only came with the `` Quick Instructions '' and lacked the supposed in-depth instructions as we had some questions that we had to look up online . Aside from that , it has so far been a great purchase .
 i 've wanted one of these since i saw it in an overpriced kitchen store last summer . i do n't seem to have any luck growing herbs from seed and keeping them alive . this neat little machine had the seeds started in no time at all . some of the plants grow faster than others , but i 've just been trimming them down to let others catch up . working very well so far ! i find it wonderful to have fresh herbs at hand in the winter . i just set it up less than four weeks ago and i already got to use my basil . the only thing is to set the light timer to go off around bed time . it is incredibly bright !!
 I am very pleased with my AeroGarden Classic 7-podAeroGarden Classic 7-Pod with Gourmet Herb Seed Kit , Silver , even though one pod -LRB- Chives -RRB- did not germinate . The others grew quickly and well and I was harvesting and eating fresh herbs less than four weeks after setting it up -- best Christmas present I got this year!I wish , however , you could buy individual seed pod packs , instead of the full seven at once . I would have put something else in the chives spot when it had n't germinated after two weeks .
 so far so good ! We 've only had it set up for a little over a week and we already have a few sprouts ! It so easy to set up and looks great on the counter . It 's great to have the extra light ! Makes no noise at all and it 's not too big . Everything has already started to grow , some faster than others of course ! I would recommend this pruduct !
 Great product so far . The seeds are germinating as promised . Easy to assemble and set up .
 MY HUSBAND AND MYSELF ARE HAVING FUN WATCHING OUR FRESH HERBS GROW.AND THERE NO GUESS WORK TO IT , IT TELLS YOU WHEN TO DO EVERYTHING . WHEN TO WATER , ETC. . WE ARE LOOKING FORWARD TO START USING OUR FRESH HERBS WITHOUT BUGS . . THEY REALLY LOOKING GOOD . WE ARE TALKING ABOUT WHAT NEXT TO GROW
 FAST GROWTH ! I 've never seen plants `` take off '' so fast!I love having fresh herbs in winter ! Now that the summer is approaching , I 'll probably transplant them to a window box in a couple of weeks . And start my flowers in the Aerogardem , and then transplant them outside.I would have given the product 5 stars except for the pump cleaning process that 's necessary . I do n't really mind it too much , but ; not everyone is mechanical . I 'm sure lots of people are n't going to be comfortable taking apart the Aerogarden 's pump . Also , you should clean between the growth deck and the pump . YouTube has a video on how to do it properly -LSB- ... -RSB- Residue tends to collect in that tight space and inhibit water flow .
 My husband and I are as enthralled with our attractive AeroGarden 7 as though it were a new pet . I placed it in an active part of the house where we both admire the growth of the plants several times a day . It is incredibly easy to set up , plant and maintain . Because these indoor gardens do not require any outdoor light they can be placed anywhere . We have had it for 6 weeks now , have cut off many full grown herb clusters and have appreciated the blinking lights reminding us when the water is low or when a feeding is due . Actually , it really is like a fun addition to our family . We have not named it or anything silly like that . . although that could be a cute idea ... These guys could be addictive . I know a few people , besides myself , who are considering getting another one.Flaws
 I received my Aerogarden two and a half weeks ago and am thrilled with it . The only reason I have not given it five stars is that I think they are too expensive , particularly the seed kits . I hope that as their popularity grows the price will come down . At two weeks all the seed pods had sprouted . They are expected to sprout at different times as indicated on the seed pods and all sprouted on schedule or earlier . I 'm new to reviewing and would like to upload a picture but not sure that is possible.The set up was ridiculously easy but I do recommend you read the instructions as doing things in a certain order is needed . Also you are supposed to put the seed pods in in a specific order -LRB- as they are in the box -RRB- I did n't read that part first and took them out of the separate seed kit box so then did n't know what order to put them in . I think this is a likely error and a list of order they are to be inserted in enclosed in the box would avoid the problem . I guessed on the order and they seem to be growing well.After set up you just add water and nutrients and then again in the future when the machine tells you to with flashing lights . Could n't be easier !! The instruction booklet is short -LRB- nice for those of us who do n't like reading instructions :-RRB- The only part that can be confusing is the adding of nutrients . The instruction book refers to tablets/pellets but what you receive is plastic tubes of liquid and you do n't add as many tubes as the instruction says you should add tablets . Just ensure you read the nutrient amount info in the instruction book in the seed pod box for guidance on this and ignore it in the master instruction book . Also you add more or less nutrients depending on whether you have 3 or 6 or 7 pod gardens so read carefully.The light is super bright . You do n't want it where you are sleeping . I have it in the kitchen and I put a three sided board in front of it at night -LRB- small version of what kids use at science faires for their exhibits to block out the light as it seeps into the bedroom nearby . Herbs have 7 to 8 hours a day where the lights are off so I set the timer to turn the lights off at 11 PM and they automatically come back on 8 hours later . This is a fabulous feature and super easy to operate.The pump was so quiet that at first I did n't think it was working.So except that I would like a lower price I HIGHLY recommend this product and ca n't wait to enjoy the herbs that after 2 and a half weeks are almost ready to start harvestingUPDATE after two weeks one of the bulbs died . I contacted customer service and they immediately said they would send a replacement . I was disapointed it was a week before they confirmed it had shipped but they have shipped two new bulbs and even with just one currently working the herbs have continued to grow and I have had so much basil that I have had to harvest some .
 works good , better than I thought it would . Basil grows very fast , other plants quite a bit slower but none have died or failed to grow . Great for aparments or others with no good place to grow plants .
 Love my Aerogarden . Easy to set up and I now have herbs that will soon be ready to harvest . Would be especially good for an apartment dweller . Going to grow mixed lettuce when this crop is finished . Amazing how fast the herbs came up .
 Everything but the parsley has really taken off and one of the bulbs went out after only a month . I called customer support and they are shipping me a replacement bulb and parsley pod for no charge . Overall , I 'm pretty happy with it and am looking forward to growing some tomatoes next .
 works like a charm ive been using it for three weeks and the plant are about 6 inches tall and usable , , , i have zero complaints with this and would recommend to anyone who likes to grow there own
 This was a very easy set up ... add the water and the supplied nutrients and within 4-5 days there are little plants growing ... it is AMAZING ! I ca n't wait until they get big enough that I can start using the herbs in my cooking !
 I 'd been eyeing the AeroGarden for quite some time - during the dark months of winter . I was totally missing my `` fresh-picked '' tomatoes , but I just could n't see spending $ 150 on myself ! So I put it on my Amazon Wish List : - -RRB- DH bought it for me for Christmas ! I wo n't repeat earlier posts describing what-all is involved with planting/maintenance . I 'll just say that on 12/24/07 , I `` planted '' cherry tomato seeds and , by 2/24/08 , tomatoes were already starting to appear !!! Grant you , they are n't edible yet - but I am soooo excited!The plants require minimal tending
 I bought the unit from Amazon and It came with the herbs . The herbs grew very well and fast and will last a long time . Easy to read and follow instructions . I did purchase the Strawberry plants for this directly from Aerogarden in Colorado in early spreing . The plants arrived and the root system was a little bit black , even though it was sent with a heated unit for the plants . Several weeks later I received an email stating that they made an error with the nutrients tablets and that you should use only 1 at a time . Th strawberry plants did not do well until I transplanted them into my outdoor strawberry bed , now they ar fine . Buy the unit though and get the herb garden its really worth it .
 gave my mom this thing for her b-day/mother 's day -LRB- same day for her -RRB- have n't persoanally seen hers . She said it was more than what she saw online and so impressive she offered it to be a pres for both her and Dad . I have tasted some of the things she grew in it . It makes for a wonderful low maintainence indor plant grower for those of us who have would like to improve the atmosphere indoors yet do not like ot open window to give plants sun for reason of noisy -LRB- and nosey / loitering -RRB- nieghbors . I will be getting one of thse for myself soon . Great for houses with gas furnaces that are in the den . -LRB- that stink and suck air . -RRB- .
 A great albeit expensive product to get fresh herbs into all of your cooking .
 i love the aerogarden . sure it 's expensive and it takes up a lot of room in my kitchen ... but it 's all so worth it . however , my herbs are n't quite as lush and prolific as the picture on the box might indicate . nonetheless , i love this product . so far , all i 've tried are the herbs that my aerogarden came with . also , i should mention that the herbs have a relatively short shelf life of only 4 mos . or so .
 It is great to have fresh , clean herbs on my counter top anytime . As a long-time gardener and cook , I really missed my fresh herbs when winter came . I bought an aerogrow garden in February and love it . Now that warm weather is here and I can grow herbs outside , I plan to grow salad greens , bug and dirt free . The garden looks attractive on the kitchen counter , does n't take up much room and has been fun for me and my grandaughter . I highly recommend it . Would make an excellent gift .
 We bought ours just before Christmas and plugged it in on December 27 . The chives and basils sprouted after just 3 days and we 've seen visible growth in the few hours from when we come home from work to when we go to bed . Seven days into the project and we 're seeing signs of life in the `` Sprouts in 8-14 days '' pods.The documentation is excellent . It has simple clear diagrams and easy to follow language . And the instructions appear in multiple places , so you do n't have to worry about losing the manual.We bought the white model retail for the same price before tax and it came with a $ 20 mail-in rebate , but you had to buy two to get the deal .
 I purchased this kit as a gift , and when it was opened it was missing the entire seed kit , no baskets , domes , sponges , nutrients or seeds were included . That made it impossible to plant anything and the recipients were quite disappointed . When I came back to Amazon I found that sales of this item as a Prime item shipped by Amazon had been suspended because of problems with the items . I wrote to both Amazon * and * to the manufacturer , as suggested by Amazon 's policies to see if I could get the missing parts that both Amazon AND the packaging had stated should be included in the box . Amazon responded quickly and offered me the choice of returning the whole thing -LRB- not an option we wanted to institute -RRB- or getting a partial refund as they did not feel that it was possible for Amazon to send me the missing parts , as I had requested . That is fair and their response was rapid . The manufacturer , on the other hand was slow to respond and did not take responsibility for having a packaged product that did not contain what the package stated it did ! They suggested that I purchase the missing items from them , which I would never do . The recipient has purchased the baskets , domes , and sponges themselves and I will supply them with seeds MUCH less expensive seeds than the manufacturer provides . Simply search on &#34; aerogarden compatible nutrients &#34; to find nutrients and other supplies at a fraction of the price that the manufacturer charges . I suggest that everyone who purchases this marvelous garden purchase refills from almost anyone other than the manufacturer for less expensive and more trustworthy service
 My parents sent me the Aerogarden so I could grow cherry tomatoes in my dark garden-less apartment . I started with the Salad Green kit that came with the unit . Within 4 weeks I had a plethora of greens to pick and eat , so plump and juicy . I just nip off a couple of leaves as I need them . Ca n't wait to grow my tomatoes.The unit super easy to set up , very clear directions , a real no-brainer . Simply click parts together , fill with water , plop in tablets , insert seed pods and leave it alone until it is time to eat . The seeds sprouted within 3 days and took off . I set the lights so they are on during the day until about 11 p.m. the unit really lights up the room . The Aerogarden lets you know when you need to add more water and nutrients . The air in that corner of the room feels moist which , in Southern California , is a blessing but should be kept in mind when placing the unit.I 'm seriously considering about getting another unit , I just have to keep it out of the way of my cat who thinks the garden is her own personal nibble fest .
 Once you get over the fact that the Aerogrow is infomercical hype that requires costly `` seed kits '' and special lightbulbs , this is truly an amazing product . The herbs literally started growing within days . In less than a month , I have an enormous herb garden . I do n't have to do anything except occasionally add more water , and the Aerogrow even alerts me as to when to do this . I ca n't wait to have fresh herbs during winter when they are hard to grow indoors.The `` seed kits '' are seeds in a little sponge that is encased with a plastic housing . The plastic fits into small holes in the Aerogrow . The root system pushes out of the sponge and plastic housing and down into the water tank below . Nutrients are occasionally placed into the water tank . The Aerogrow has lights to alert when nutrients should be added . This is not rocket science . In fact , I removed the provided seeds from one of the sponges and replaced them with cucumber seeds that I 'd bought , and literally within 3 days I had a plant that was 3 inches tall . When you buy seed kits , you are paying for the sponge and plastic housing that fits into the Aerogrow . Yes , this is a rip off and a crafty person could probably replicate the housing and use another type of sponge to avoid having to buy more costly seed kits.The Aerogrow is costly , as are the component parts . However , it 's true that it will pay for itself . It is quiet , though it does take up a bit of space.I would give the Aerogrow 5 stars except for the fact that it is costly and the component parts are costly .
 The AeroGarden is perfect for anyone without outdoor space or without the time or energy for growing vegetables . The setup was easy and there is a minimal amount of effort required to grow vegetables . My kit came with the salad greens , and I was amazed at how quickly the lettuce grew ! I was harvesting lettuce within 3 weeks ! I love picking lettuce for sandwiches or salads as I need it .
 My AeroGarden was an impulse buy that I have not regretted for a moment . After planting and killing countless herbs in a pot on my kitchen window shelf , I finally have a ready supply of healthy plants requiring minimal maintenance.I have had no trouble with the pump or timers on my unit . Every two weeks it signals me to add more nutrients . I monitor the water level and keep it topped up , although it does signal if I let it get really low -LRB- and the light goes off when I refill it -RRB- . The unit is nearly silent when the water is at level . Early on in the grow cycle the dripping was audible , but not since the plant roots have grown.As for the plants , the two basil plants are little monsters that I have to keep nipping back -LRB- okay , so there is SOME maintenance -RRB- . As long as I keep the monsters in check the others do fine with the exception of the chives . They 're just a thin sprig that I have n't been able to use . Fortunately the cilantro is doing well , since that was at the top of my list and the herb I have always had the most trouble growing . Overall the quality of the plants is very good -- and there 's not a pesticide in sight.I 've moved the light fixture up three times so far . I have nutrients for another eight weeks on my first bed of herbs , which means these plants will have lived longer than any that I ever grew in a pot.I 'm so pleased with my herb I 'm planning on buying another so that I can have French herbs too . And then I 'll need a third for either tomatos or strawberries . Fortunately , I just noticed the three-garden wall `` farm '' today .
 I was impressed by the favorable reviews of this product , and I can add my own endorsement . The product arrived on time and was easy and fun to set up . It 's very well made and the instruction booklet is informative and clearly written . The seeds -LRB- except for the cilantro -RRB- sprouted right on time -- very exciting ! -- and now , 3 weeks later , I have thriving little herb plants . The unit is attractive and looks beautiful on my countertop . Everyone who sees it is fascinated by it and you can almost watch the plants grow -- you certainly can see impressive growth every day . The lights are very bright so if you 're setting one up , put some thought into when you want the lights to be on -LRB- they 're on for about 16 hours a day -RRB- . The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is the cilantro did not sprout . I called customer service and although I waited quite a while for my call to be answered , the representative was super helpful and nice . She 's sending me 2 replacement cilantro pods . Although I 'm not sure if the product will ever be cost-effective , I 'm getting so much enjoyment out of it , it 's well worth it !
 This thing is amazing . Little upkeep . The lettuce is like a forest and I ca n't wait to grow tomatos .
 The Aerogarden is so much better than what I ever expected ! The herbs that I started with continued to grow for 5 months . I had enough herbs to share with friends and still have some to dry . This unit worked so well , that I now have a second unit . All the growing pods have the listed days it takes for the seeds to germinate . Those days have been exact in each pod I have used . I have also harvested the herbs , greens , etc. at the approximate time they have listed as beginning harvesting times . I have salad greens and the salsa garden growing at the same time -- great fresh salads etc. ! I have recommended this product to many of my friends and continue to do so .
 We throw an aluminized survival blanket -LRB- only a couple of dollars -RRB- over unit which reflects light back onto plants and also keeps them warmer which increases growth in addition to eliminating the light glare - Love this unit - fun , productive , educational , organic , easy and probably money saving in long run - worth every cent
 I like my Aero garden however I 've had a few issues . The cilantro never came up -LRB- my brother experienced the same problem with his -RRB- and my basil had red spider mites that I had to terminate . The remainder of the garden has grown and provided me with beautiful herbs that I have been able to harvest often . The `` water level low '' light came on last week and will not reset , but that has not proven to be a problem as of yet.I bought one for my mom who lives in a remote Alaskan village and can not get fresh produce so I am looking forward to hear how she fares .
 I was skeptical at first in spite of all the glowing reviews but this product is even better than described.Everything germinated without any problems and I can hardly cut enough of the herbs to stop them from hitting the lightbulb which does burn them.My only problem is that my cat seems to be addicted to the chives so i have yet to have enough to cut any for myself.My one complaint is that the pole should be taller so the herbs could grow more without burning the ends.Also , I would love something even bigger that could grow something like squash , bell peppers , cukes etc.With gardens getting smaller and smaller this makes a lot of sense to me.At any rate I am considering buying another one for tomatoes and greens or both and wonder if anyone has these placed in a room other than the kitchen ?
 My husband and I were so happy with this product that we bought a second one . Love using the fresh herbs from it almost daily as it 's so easy to use and so convenient .
 I do love to cook . Therefore we always did have several herbs in the freezer . I also tried with some potted herbs but after a couple weeks they just died . I guess not enough light , or to much / less water.With AeroGarden I do now have always fresh herbs around . My wife says we have now to `` much '' herbs . These herbs are growing like crazy . If they do get to big then we cut them and store them in the freezer . It should be a must for every kitchen !
 I bought this as a gift for a friend who likes to cook , and he raves about it . The AeroGarden performs as advertised , and it was easy to set up . Although it 's a bit pricey , if you do n't like to garden or do n't have a garden , and you like to cook , you 'll love this .
 So I thought I was ordering an Aerogarden 7 . Instead I got an Aerogarden 6 with 7 pods . Buyer beware . The machine works well and as advertised . It does n't have a water pump . Instead , it pumps air through the water in the tank . It works as I expected it however . Herbs sprouted as advertised . The lights work well , very bright . You need to put this somewhere away from where you sleep . The pump was quiet at first , but then became quite loud . I 'm happy with it overall but I wish I had a place to put it where it would n't be such a disturbance . All in all a good device and it looks sharp.Update 1/21/2013
 I am in love ! I just ordered a second one . I will have one for herbs and one for lettuces . Right now I have a bunch of basil growing . In less than 3 weeks , I am harvesting basil ! UNREAL . I am not sure why some reviewers have said that there was a lot of noise . Mine is so quiet that I have to check to make sure the water is going thru.A couple of quick notes . Do n't plan to keep this in an area that you also wish to sleep . The lights will be on for at least 16 hours per day . You can program them to go off at whatever time you wish . I have mine programmed to go off at 10pm . But it goes back on just before 6am ! It does n't take Saturday and Sundays off !!! So , just know that.Also , I have had to add water only once in the past 3 weeks . And it was when it also needed nutrients . The nutrients are in the box with the seed kit ... so make sure you do n't just take out the seed pods and throw away the box .
 I was very excited to receive this as a gift from my husband and I absolutely was not disappointed ! It was very easy to put together and everything I planted came to sprout even before the projected days . I 've been making pesto out the wazoo ! After I cleaned it the first time however I could not figure out why the pump was n't working or find an explanation in the manual . A simple call to the manufacturer cleared it right up ! They where very kind and helpful . The only thing I have noticed is the plants that I have transplanted have not continued to flourish as nicely outside in the dirt , but I cant really fault them for that because that 's not what it was made for . There also might be some operator error involved but I have n't been curious enough to look into it yet ...
 I hope I can convey how good I feel about my purchase of the AeroGarden . While waiting for the unit to arrive , I visited some websites with some negative things to say . Nothing serious , but little things that once added up may have led me to steer clear of this system.Let 's just say I 'm glad I read about it after I bought it . It was delivered early -LRB- Thanks AeroGrow -RRB- , was securely packaged and after reading the ABC instructions , it was setup in no time at all . I estimate under an hour - maybe 45 minutes . That was almost two weeks ago and for the last few days , I 've been noticing sprouts poking their heads outside the seed pod labels - 5 so far.I am impressed with the quality of the product and simplicity of the design . Everything in one neat little package - simple to use - easy re-ordering system whether through the catalogue or online . The prices may seem steep but you 're paying for simplicity and convenience - the fact is that it is literally a plug and play system . You need to know how to do some very simple assembly , fill a reservoir with water , empty a couple nutrient packs and plug it in ... it could n't be simpler . The seed pods fit snuggly into the holes in the growing area and the clear plastic caps create a greenhouse effect for each plant.I 'm so impressed with it , I bought a second unit to grow full sized plants .
 Bought used only problem it was poorly packed with all 3 grow lights broke . Up and running now with little sprouts .
 Great product , I was a skeptic at first until I tried it . 2 weeks before I purchased the garden 7 classic I planted basil , dill and mint in regular potting soil to my surprise the classic 7 garden grows considerably faster . My mother in-law had seen it and wanted one , so I purchased a second unit . It was the perfect gift she loves it . If you like to have fresh herbs on hand in the winter months I recommend this product .
 I must say the AeroGarden is amazing . My tomatos grew very fast and I did n't have to get dirty : -RRB-
 Excellent indoor growing system that requires little attention . Very fast-growing . Having trouble keeping up with all the herbs it `` cranks out . '' I 'll be trying out the salad greens next ... or maybe the green peppers . Pity AeroGrow does n't have a bush cucumber collection .
 I love my AeroGarden . I do n't have room in my kitchen for it , so it lives in the foyer between the upstairs bedrooms , so I never miss it going up or down the stairs . Had great success with salad greens and am now growing French herbs . Ca n't wait to try them . Would recommend this device to anyone who either likes to garden or likes to cook . It would have been extremely handy during all the winters I used to spend in Vermont !
 First time I 've had success growing anything other than the weeds in my lawn.Update
 If , like me , you have little outdoor space and/or lack a green thumb -LRB- me too ! -RRB- you 'll be delighted with the AeroGarden . It 's more or less fool proof in that you supply water and nutrients when the light flashes on the front . The newer units are very quiet so they 're perfect for a kitchen or office and yield maybe $ 100 of herbs over the course of a harvest . The lights operate on a timer so it really is very simple to operate.Here are a few kinks and quirks : - The life-cycle could last much longer if they gave you more nutrient . While I understand the desire to sell more pods , it 's somewhat wasteful to kill the plants just because there 's no more feed left . - Some of the seed kits are bland - out of 7 pods , one I ordered had three different types of basil . I like basil but not that much basil ! Others have a better variety so definitely check before ordering . - Spiders and bugs do like attacking the plant and I have n't found much information on what to do about this . I had a million little spiders living in the thing during the final harvest so had to dump the crop . - Pods are not foolproof - some simply do not grow . To the manufacturer 's credit , they 'll replace any that do n't germinate so do n't forget to contact them if this happens to you.Still it 's a good system and I can only believe it will get better with subsequent iterations . If I could buy the pods for half the price or get the nutrient in bulk , it would be perfect , especially given the inflated price of herbs in supermarkets .
 I got this for my wife for Christmas . She planted the herbs on Christmas day , and they are doing great . She planted Basil , Chives , and Parsley . The Chives are growing like weeds , and the Basil is looking good too . The Parsley just sprouted . They tell you on each pod how long it will take for them to sprout and they are right on . It took her about 10 minutes to put everything together and about another 5 to get it going . Very easy set up . Great so far !
 I have been using my Aerogarden Classic for over a year and absolutely love it ! It is great to have fresh herbs on hand anytime I need them and definately beats buying the packaged forms that go bad so quickly.I love mine so much that I just purchaed a second one to grow an additional garden ! I would suggest the Pro 200 or Deluxe if you want to grow full size veggies but for herbs or salad greens the Classic is just perfect .
 My husband got the AeroGrow for me for Christmas . Honestly , I was happy to receive it but unsure if it would live up to the hype . Right now I have fresh Italian basil and fresh purple basil , as well as parsley , mint , chives and dill growing right on my counter ! It tells me when to water and nourish it , it turns the light on and off ... all I have to do is harvest the herbs . We LOVE this product . A few minutes ago I walked by and pinched off a basil leaf and ate it with a big smile on my face . The herbs are there when I need them ; there 's no running off to the store or herbs going bad in the fridge because we could n't use them right away . It 's an incentive to be a more imaginative cook . `` Hmm , what else can I make with basil ? '' Or dill , or mint or chives ? Next time I think I will try the lettuce mix ... I 've received some nice gifts from my imaginative husband but this one gives me joy every single day , sitting right there on my counter .
 Well , I 'd always wanted to try one of these and when Amazon.com had a sale , I talked my husband into it.So far , I have to say all is well and the product looks nice and is performing just as advertised . Every herb plant -LRB- from the Gourmet Herb seed pod kit that came with it -RRB- came up and before the full time allotted ran out . Most were nicely ahead of schedule . I am just about to the end of the first two week germination period , so we 'll see if the `` add nutrient '' lights come on properly.The unit has been through several short power failures and nothing has disrupted the scheduling of the lights going on and off at the proper times . The light is bright , yes ... but not so bright as a sunny window . My unit is in a finished basement room where I can keep it shut away from my plant-destroying young cats . Were it not for the cats , it * would * be on my kitchen counter ! However , before you buy one , you should be sure you have a good place to keep it and wo n't be bothered by the light . It is on 17 hours a day during the herb cycle . Me , I like light.We did have one scare , when my husband smelled a burning smell coming from the unit one night . The smell was completely gone by morning when he told me about it and I checked the unit but I called Customer Service anyway . I was pleasantly surprised not to have to wait on hold . They said that sometimes there is a coating on the plastic that burns off within the first 3-4 days . OK ... this happened perhaps just past that point , at about 4-5 days , so I assume it was just what they said . No further instances of strange smells since . Still , it was quite worrisome at the time , so I could wish the company might mention this possible occurrence in the manual so one might be prepared ! They did give me a quick way to check and be sure it was n't my pump burnt out ... and it clearly was n't . So I felt safe continuing to run the unit and appreciated the quick help . The pump has so far been VERY quiet , almost silent , actually.I 'm looking forward to seeing how my herbs grow . If they do well , I think I 'll start looking for a place to put a secondary and possibly a third unit . Perhaps using one of those accessory wall stands . The one drawback of course is that you get hooked into needing to buy their seed or master gardener kits , their nutrient tablets and their grow bulbs -LRB- which are supposed to be replaced at six month intervals -RRB- . So this is probably NOT the most cost effective way to grow . OTOH ... I can look forward to basil that is not half-destroyed by earwigs ! And FRESH herbs when all is frozen and brown outside . It 's surely an EASY way to garden!Update
 The basil grew beautifully , but I think the biggest reason the other herbs did n't grow well is from not pinching off the basil early enough . Since there was a lot of basil , I layed the leaves on a piece cut from a paper bag , let them dry out , and put them in a glass jar . Mint was a bust , which I 'm not surprised since the way it grows is n't conducive to a small area . Cilantro was ok , but nothing really looked as lush -LRB- except basil -RRB- than on the display photo . If I tried this kit again , I 'm sure it 'd go better by not having the basil choke out the other plants.I did the salad greens/leaf lettuce kit , too . I realized I 'm just not a fan of leaf lettuce ; too bitter , but it grew nicely.My mom got me the Chia Herb Garden and it 's been pretty unsuccessful so far . -LRB- By the time I purchase a light , fertilizer , bigger pots , it 's breakeven comapared to the AreaGarden -RRB- I had to get a light over it , and it 's still spindly . The AreoGarden fared much better . Sure , there 's cheaper ways to grow plants indoor or in pots , but I just do n't have the knack for watering and fertilizing , so for people like me , it 's the way to go .
 I have never been able to grow anything . I have killed more plants than I care to mention . So , when I saw the care instructions for the Aerogarden I thought , `` Even I can do this ! '' And I can . With next to no effort I have a healthy herb garden and even went out and bought an additional garden for lettuce . I live in a high rise apartment building making the aerogarden especially nice for someone with limited space and no land .
 Simple to set up . Simple to maintain . All my seeds sprouted right on schedule . Instructions for trimming & harvesting very clear . I 'm looking forward to some tasty fresh herbs . The grow lights really brighten up a dark corner in my living room .
 Overall , this is a great product . The herbs were wonderful , with the exception of the chives . Having fresh pestos and cilantro through the colder months was great . After we used up the tablets last spring , we planted the entire insert into window boxes and continued to get great harvests all summer - in fact the chives came back this spring and are growing better than they did last year . Tomatoes were a disappointment - it was hard to get the flowers fertilized , and the ones that started growing kept running into the light . The yellow produced a decent amount , but the reds did not start to produce until we were running out of tablets . The only good thing is that once they were at this size , they stayed healthy even without pump running or tablets , and now we have them in the garden and will have to wait if they continue to produce . Letting the machine soak in water for a bit after the aerogarden has been dry is recommended to soften the roots and lesson the noise . We also found that a good cleaning of the metal contacts on the lightpost and the pump with isopropanol was essential . We got a free pump replacement , but in retrospect , the first pump would have been fine with cleaning the contacts .
 see update at end of review ****************** I was lamenting about only having frech lettuce , herbs , chives , and tomatoes from may garden during the long fall-winter-spring parts of the year . The refrigerated stuff from the grocery store goes bad right away and does not taste as good as the fresh stuff from the garden , either.Then I saw a Time Magazine page on the new AeroGrow AeroGarden , and I just had to try it out . After reading the AeroGrow website before making the purchase , I realized that buying one garden would not work for me , as the tomatoes can not be grown in the same garden as lettuce & herbs . This is partially due to the large amount of room taken up by the tomatoes , and also because the lamp/watering cycle is different and finally because the nutrients are different.So , I bought two gardens , along with the Salad Greens seed kit and Cherry Tomato seed kit . Each garden comes with a mixed herb kit , so I figured to mix in a few herbs with the other seeds , and if they did not work , no big loss.The products came quickly and the instructions for assembly were very clear and well written with excellent diagrams . I came to realize that this somewhat pricey product at least comes from a company that produces a classy product -LRB- a rare thing these days -RRB- . I found a space on a shelf beside the basement stairs , and placed both assembled gardens there . I also bought and placed a digital thermometer with maximum/minimum temperature memory readouts -LRB- $ 10 at Radio Shack -RRB- , because I was unsure of what temperature extremes the plants might experience in that location -LRB- 68-72 as it turns out -RRB- . The seed kits contain pre-seeded planting pods . Each pod is basically a plastic cup shaped frame with two pieces of foam rubber inside the cup part , like two slices of bread with the seeds sandwiched between them . They simply insert into the seven holes in the top of the garden 's water tank . The Salad Greens and Herbs come with seven pods per kit , while the Tomatos come with three pods plus four hole plugs-the plants are bigger so three of them take up thw whole space available . The hole plugs prevent evaporation of the water through the unoccupied holes.The water tank holds exactly one gallon of regular drinking water . Well water is not recommended , presumably because of impurities , and since I am on a well I bought two one-gallon plastic jugs of ` drinking water ' at the store for 50 cents each and filled the tanks with their contents . A pump in the tank takes water and pipes it to the rim of each of the seven holes in the tank 's top , and here the trickle of water flows into the foam sandwich of each seed pod . The foam stays moist and the rest of the water drips back down into the tank . The garden 's ` computer ' cycles the water flow on and off according to the amount recommended for the type of plant being grown . A water level sensor turns on a flashing red light when it is time to add more water to the tank.The top of the garden is a reflector with two compact-fluorescent lamps , of the variety that has the special ultraviolet -LRB- UV -RRB- coating that causes the emmitted light to resemble sunlight . The reflector rides on a vertical pole that extends up from the garden 's base , so you can raise and lower the lamps as required to keep them the correct distance above the plants . The garden 's ` computer ' also turns the lamps on and off according to a schedule tailored to the type of plant . If using the gardens in a place where the light might be a problem at night , you can syncronize the computer so that the lights are on only during the daytime and off when you are trying to sleep.The seed kits come with little clear plastic cups that cover each pod until the seeds have germinated , then you can dispose of them . The kits also come with a bag of nutrient tablets , which you add to the water tank when the computer prompts you to by flashing a red light . The nutrients are tailored to the type of plant being grown , and there are enough of them to feed the plants during their anticipated life span.I planted one garden with five salad green -LRB- leaf lettuce -RRB- pods , plus one pod each from the Herb kit , chives and parsley . The other garden got the threee pods from the Cherry Tomato kit ; two reds and one yellow variety.Each seed pod has a label that tells you how many days to wait for plants to appear after germination . All of my plants appeared like clockwork.I have had the gardens for about six weeks now , and have been enjoying salads containing lettuce , parsley and chives plus other odds and ends from the fridge , for the last two or three weeks . The lettuce and herbs are all beautiful , with no problems from bugs or too much/too little water , excessive temperatures , etc. . No need to wash the plants or check for bugs or pick off bad spots , everything goes straight to the salad bowl . What a joy ! Even with only five lettuce plants , I have to eat two meals including salad each day to keep up with the growth . This would easily feed two people , and if all seven salad green pods had been used , three people.The tomatoes are all doing well ahnd have been pruned according to instructions . It will be some time yet before they produce flowers , and then fruit . But based on the health of the plants , I expect a good yield.Each seed kit comes with a full color manual/booklet that covers all aspects of ` planting ' , germinating , feeding , pruning -LRB- if required -RRB- and then harvesting the plants . There are also photos of plants where things have gone wrong -LRB- leaves burned because the lamps were not raised up as the plants grew taller , etc -RRB- with clear instructions on how to recognize problems and correct them . Harvesting instructions clearly tell how much can be taken at a time without killing the plant , and so on.The AeroGrow gardens are a well designed , well built product with excellent documentation . All my visitors are amazed at how well the product works , and many have gone out and bought their own . I anticipate years of improved eating because of this product . ***************** Update November 2007I used my two gardens all Winter -LRB- 2006/2007 -RRB- until it was time to start getting produce from my real -LRB- outdoor -RRB- garden in the Summer , at which time I put the little gardens to rest for the season . During their use , I got a large crop of cherry tomatoes , all of which were beautiful . I went through on crop of lettuce and salad greens , and when the lettuce finally bolted , I replanted with only lettuce -LRB- no chives , etc this time -RRB- and got another couple of months worth of lettuce . I have now fired them up again in the Fall , and have nice little plants popping up . Aerogrow has more seed options available now , so I have planted a more interesting kind of lettuce .
 I love this product -- no dirt , no bugs and no chance of over-watering ! This is very easy to assemble and easy to use . Just add water and a couple of nutrient tablets every two weeks . There 's even a light that tells you when you need to do this.I planted my Gourmet Herbs on June 15 and I was ready to harvest the basil before the fourth of July ! If you follow the instructions , there 's no way to mess this up . The herbs lasted about six months . My only caution is -LRB- and this is noted in the instruction booklet -RRB- that the lamps are on about 16 hours a day and they are bright at night . I can close off the bedrooms , so it does n't bother me.I highly recommend this product to anyone one who has tried to grow herbs indoors in the past . Aerogarden 's customer service team is the best -- they know their stuff and are vary helpful . I had a problem with one of the herb kits and they have really worked to fix the problem.Update
 Length :
 I received this as a gift ; I was a little skeptical at first of the concept , but quickly got over it as I started to set it up and use it . I 've now had it operational for 6 months and my opinions have pretty much solidified.I want to end this review on a positive note , so I 'll start with the two cons I have . First , its really bright . This might sound like a no-brainer , but is certainly something to consider as it has the harsh-white lights on for up to 16 hours a day . Lastly , you have to put in fertilizer tabs every two weeks , but they do n't really give you enough to last through the life of the plants ; you have enough for the first three months and if you want to `` extend your growing season '' , you can purchase additional three month supply packs from their web site.On the positive side , it really could n't be easier to setup , grow , and maintain the plants . Takes less than 20 minutes to setup , and then just a few minutes every couple of days to maintain . Once the herbs are grown enough for casual harvest , you just snip and use . The plants are healthy and flavorful . Although you can use their seed packs , they also recently added a `` Masters '' kit that gives you a years worth of setups and fertilizer so you can grow your own seeds . All in all , a nice addition to a kitchen for either using fresh herbs when needed , or drying for later .
 Well , I have five of these gardens now , so obviously this is a product I 've been very happy with . I started out with tomatoes and salad greens , and the salad greens were so tasty I added a second garden of those and two strawberry gardens -LRB- the second one is on order -RRB- . I have had no trouble with the pumps or noise , and everything has grown beautifully . With five gardens going at once , it 's so bright in that area of my kitchen that it looks like a UFO landing site , LOL , but they are all scheduled to go off at 11 p.m. so it 's no problem at night when we 're sleeping.These gardens are so cheerful to have around . They add a nice moisture and a green , fresh smell , and I find the lights cheerful too.The salad greens grow very quickly and are so tasty that my biggest problem is resisting the urge to constantly pluck off leaves and eat them all day long . That 's why I got a second one -- so there would be plenty . With four in my family , one garden did not produce quite enough for us . Our first salad crop also did not grow for very long , only a couple of months , but I think that 's just the nature of the plant . The tomatoes took a long time to go to the fruiting stage -LRB- 13 weeks -RRB- , but now they are producing two or three ripe tomatoes each day , and they are delicious.I love having food growing indoors . No bugs , no bird poop , no dirt , and everything can be eaten right off the plant . Tonight over dinner we literally watched our first strawberry turn from white to pink on the end.No , this is not a particularly economical way to grow food , but it 's loads of fun and has been educational and exciting for my kids , who are much more interested in fresh produce than they used to be.I 've had no trouble with either the pumps or the customer service . In fact , everyone at Aerogrow has been very kind and helpful , both over the phone and in e-mail . I hope the company continues to thrive because I just love these little gardens and hope to use them for years .
 This is one of these more useful kitchen gadgets . Every time I need fresh herbs for a recipe , I end up buying one of those expensive packs , use one or two twigs , and end up tossing the rest , and everytime it irks me . So this looks like it solves that problem , and do so without becoming this huge time sink that a full-blown herb garden would do.One can argue that for $ 149 for the unit , and $ 20 for extra seed kits , I can buy a lot of herb packs at the grocery store before breaking even . True , but it makes it less painful to use fresh herbs or garnish your dish with a single salad leaf.The one caveat I would put on it
 I agree with most of the other reviewers that this is a very fine product . It comes well-packaged and the instructions and assembly are easy to follow . The unit itself takes up very little space and gives off a lot of light for 15-17 hours . If you have a dark spot in the house you want to light up , one of these AeroGarden 's can really improve the aesthetics . However , it 's too bright to place in a bedroom in my opinion unless you good to bed late!I like the idea of growing vegetables in the house and I think they look good in a kitchen . However , when you consider the cost of the unit , replacement bulbs , seed packs and operating expenses , it is n't necessarily economical compared to say organically grown lettuce . For herbs , I think it 's great because you can freeze them and there is nothing quite like fresh herbs for cooking purposes.I bought my unit primarily for aesthetic reasons and it is quite well designed and attractive . I 'm looking forward to my first crop and my pump is quiet as could be . If the pump is noisy or becomes noisy , I highly recommend contacting customer service . My understanding is that AeroGarden service is top notch !
 This device waters your plants and turns the lights on and off based on the setting . Add the nutrient plan and you have some of the fastest growing plants out there . It comes with a seed kit , but I could n't tell which one is included . Probably Salad -LRB- the fastest growing , 3-4 weeks ! -RRB- or Gormet Herbs -LRB- the most popular -RRB- . Here are some of the specs : It takes a standard plug , instead of a 3 prong , so it can plug in anywhere instead of just the kitchen . The bowl holds 14 cups of water . That 's one pint shy of a gallon . The light goes on for 151/2 hours to 17 hours depending on the plant , and the water goes over the roots & sponge for the lights on time or longer for thirsty plants . You have to hand polinate -LRB- a rapid 10 second wave in each plant -RRB- the tomatoes & peppers every other day when flowering , and the Peppers & International basil require you wash out the bowls every 4 weeks , but otherwise there is very little maintenance . The light comes on when the water is low and another light comes on when the 2 weeks are up and the plants need more nutrients , but other than that you can pretty much forget it . The lights also work to help my potted plants grow when near it . The plants like human comfortable temperatures -LRB- 61-80 F -RRB- but the peppers & tomatoes will produce more fruit if safely over 70 . The nutrients are different for each plant -LRB- I have a breakdown on my dinubabear site -RRB- and come in 2 to 4 sets in a kit -LRB- Starting , sprouting , normal & fruiting -RRB- . You give 2 nutrient tablets every 2 weeks.Aerogrow guarentees their kits to sprout as described , or you can call them & they will replace their kits.New kits will be available in September , such as French , Italian & Japanese herbs .
 The AeroGarden was easy to put together , the directions were clear and so far it is performing as expected . It seems like it does grow pretty fast and you do n't have to do much but watch it grow and explain it to your friends -LRB- people are very interested in this thing -RRB- . I had to reset the light timer because at first it was on all night and off in the day , but that was easy and now it comes on in the morning and goes off around bedtime . I already have little yellow flowers on my tomatoes and I do n't think it 's been growing even a month !
 The AeroGarden is a great idea and will definitely be appreciated by gadget-lovers , home cooks , and those not blessed with a green thumb -LRB- but especially folks who are all of the above , like me :-RRB- -RRB- The system works surprisingly well and is very easy to use . The effect
 I have the herb version and have been happy with my purchase . Just a couple of issues.The mint are quite lush and if not kept in check , can over crowd the other herbs . My case is especially severe since Aerogarden duplicated the mint in place of the dill.The pump on my machine can occasionally be a little loud and rattlely . It can be quickly resolved by picking up the water bowl , giving it a gentle shake , and replacing it back on to the base.Overall , much better that a window sill herb garden in the Northeast . Herbs are clean and ready to use .
 We have had our AreoGrow Garden for just over a month and we are already eating fresh herbs . We love to cook with fresh herbs , but I have never liked going out to the garden to pick them , then having to wash any little bugs off them before cooking . We tried purchasing herbs from the grocery store , but they can be a bit expensive and need to be used on a timely basis . Then one day I saw this product advertised on TV and immediately researched it online and decided to purchase it from Amazon.At the time I purchased it I also decided to get the Italian Herbs seed kit . We decided to plant the herbs we thought we would use the most from both kits , so we ended up using a few from the kit it comes with and a few from the kit we ordered . Everything germinated early with one exception , the cilantro , to this day it still has not germinated . I did finally give up on it and bought a package of seeds from the store and pushed a few seeds into the sponge a few days ago . I will update this later and let you know if they germinated . It seems from the reviews that I am not the only one with the cilantro problem.I recommend this product to everyone I know who loves to grow herbs , but would prefer not to deal with the dirt and bugs.We received the Gourmet Herb kit with our AeroGrow Garden , it contains : Italian Basil , Cilantro , Mint , Dill , Parsley , Chives and Purple BasilWe purchased separately the Italian Herb kit , it contains : Mint , Basil , Savory , Parsley , Garlic Chives , Oregano , and ThymeUpdate
 I got this for Christmas and started it up on December 27th . Today is January 27th . The green basil and chives are probably ready to be harvested . The others are probably a couple weeks away , but all look to be doing well.It is quite an ingenious little machine . Setup was a breeze for me , and all of the parts worked as advertised . It 's pretty easy to see if it 's working correctly . If you look inside the bowl , you should be able to see water dripping down from each of the seed pods . If not , you have a problem.There are quite a few resources on the web about how to `` hack '' the Aerogarden so that you can grow your own seeds instead of their expensive little pods -LRB- be careful , however , as you might guess the type of seeds that many of the sites refer to -RRB- . That will make it a much more cost effective proposition . Someone else referenced that there will be some third-party equipment available soon to accomplish the same thing.If you can afford it and like the idea of growing your own herbs , this is a great product .
 This is a unique product that will become a conversation piece . I currently have three of them and they do take some space . It is a good idea to put them in an area where you dont mind all the light they emit . This may be helpful in an otherwise dark room . The product works as advertised . Depending on what you grow , you will get a particular yield . The lettuce and herbs grow fast and quickly . Excellent for those people in an apartment of where weather or critters can be an issue . This is a great product to educate kids . The product seems to be well constructed and alot of fun . You wont grow enough to stop shopping but you will have fun with this item . Makes a great gift .
 Me and my kids are loving the aerogarden . They 're constantly checking it for new growth and watching the roots . They 've even named the plants . What 's really nice is that they actually get excited about eating the salad with the aerogarden lettuce . It 's helping us eat a little healthier and is fun too - a great deal . Highly recommended .
 This is not necessarily a review of the Aero Garden itself -- I 'll let the other reviews do that . I will say , although I 've never had an AeroGarden kit as full as the picture -LRB- s -RRB- purport , it does most definitely give you fresh vegetables , and a copious amount.I want to highlight AeroGarden 's EXCELLENT and OUTSTANDING customer service . In an age where customer service seems to have gone out the window -LRB- and down the street , over the ocean , and on to India -RRB- , AeroGarden does good ol' fashioned `` what 's right '' . Simply stated , my Lettuce seed pack did n't sprout for about a week . I called AeroGarden , the gentleman asked me what model AeroGarden I had , and 2 minutes later , he emailed me a confirmation of a new seed kit coming my way . No charge , no stance , no platform , and no issues -- it 's exactly what you want out of a customer service representative , and a company.Get the AeroGarden because the product works ; keep using it because the company cares .
 I love this product . It 's so cool to see the herbs grow more each day , and I am really looking forward to tasting them.AeroGrow AeroGarden with Gourmet Herb Seed Kit , Black
 I bought this as a gift for my boyfriend 's 23rd birthday and he 's extremely happy with it . The herbs have begun to grow and we ca n't wait to eat them !
 I love my garden and all the seed kit delights that have been a part of my home and life for several years . The first part that give me a problem was the pump . I emailed the AeroGods ... you seem to be going away from the enginerring of my original 7pod system , should I just get a new improved 6pod system that does n't have the pump or wait for you to get the pump in . If you guys see a future of the next type of engineering , I 'm with you and will just buy a whole new system . No , buy the pump , your style will be supplied for a long time to come . That was less than 6 months ago . Now , I need new grow bulbs ... If you are reading this story , you can imagine my attitude of not being able to find replacement bulbs ANYWHERE for my model of garden . JUst tell me the truth . I love having the gardens to play with and watch , enjoy the cascading petunias or the winter colors of the marigolds and zinnias ... Be true to your art and your client . Now , once again I ask you , shall I lef my new planted Cascading Petunias get wimpier and wimpier because you are not now selling the grow bulbs for my system . or should i buy them a 6-pod system with the new style of seed pod and light system . or are you going to really have parts for us old timer aerogardeners ?? Either way , love ya . . just to thine own self -LRB- and Leshia JOhnson -RRB- be true ! Thanks ! Leshia
 Thanks so much for the good service ! It is a birthday gift -LRB- Sept. -RRB- and I look forward to giving it !
 AeroGrow AeroGarden Indoor Gardening Kit with Gourmet Herbs BlackGreat for anyone with little space .
 Total time in setting up after opening the box-10 minutes . Three weeks to first harvest of salad greens ! The light is nice during these dark months-a real touvh of summer !
 I live in rural Alaska where the days are short during winter , and the access to fresh herbs is non-existent . The full spectrum light of the lamps on my Aerogarden provide the house with a bright spot , but also help generate a wonderful batch of herbs that I can use in the kitchen . Best of both worlds . I have had it for a couple of months , and really enjoy it , and will see how long the light bulbs last before needing to be replaced . They are a bit expensive , and it will be interesting to see what the actual cost of use per year will be .
 I would have given it 5 starts but one of my seed packs was a dud . Also it would be nice if you could choose which herbs you wanted in your pack . 3 types of basil ?
 i love watching the plants sprout and grow -- it 's extremely exciting . a bit expensive , but worth it to me because I live on a military-like compound and do not have access to markets to buy herbs .
 5 weeks ago I bought the Classic 7 with the salad kit and have had good-sized salads every 4 days or so . It has been quiet , not loud at all as I have seen others describe , and I have the light timed so that it 's a great light source in the kitchen at night.A few weeks after buying the first , I got my second one and herbs are already a few inches tall and doing quite well . Again , not noisy in the least.As a clean freak , I appreciate that the Aerogarden does n't make a mess . In fact , my second one is sitting on a smallish table in the bedroom , this one with lights set to come on when we get up in the morning and turn off when we go to bed.I have discovered that salad greens do drink a lot of water so I tend to check it every few days instead of waiting for the indicator light to come on but this has n't been a problem for me.Must admit I am considering a third to grow cherry tomatoes . Great product and I 'm very pleased so far .
 My wife and I love the fresh salad greens kits , and also have had success with the salsa kits . It 's great to harvest for meals , and grows back quickly to replenish the stock . We used to spend a lot at the grocery store on herbs and greens , only to have them go bad before we could use it all . Now , we just snip what we need when preparing the meals and everything tastes great and fresh.Great product , have not had any issues -LRB- just change the lightbulb packs out every season to ensure full plants -RRB- .
 I am really happy with this AeroGarden . Plants grow fast , and are delicious . Right now I am using the Herbs kit . Thanks !
 I operate a website devoted to aeroponic gardening and have been published on yahoo content for articles on aeroponic gardening . -LSB- ... -RSB- This is a great starter kit for anyone interested in getting into aeroponic gardening.I have a few of these units and have grown some nice fresh herbs with them . Very user friendly product and delivers results.AeroGarden 2101-00B Classic Garden 7-Pod With Gourmet Herb Seed Kit - Black
 This is my 2nd AeroGarden - one for herbs and one for flowers - my third growing of herbs - very healthy and keep growing for approx . 6 to 9 months -LRB- basil for one year -RRB- highly recommended - be sure to order extra lights as I did have a problem getting replacement bulbs .
 I love my new AeroGarden ! I have been wanting to grow my own herbs at home , but I have no outdoor space . I know that herbs take a good deal of sunshine , but I do n't have any windows where they would get adequate sun ! I opted for the AeroGarden and I am glad I did ! It arrived quickly even though it was backordered when I ordered it . It was very easy to assemble , and comes with extensive instructions . Just push in the herb pods , fill with water , add nutrients , and walk away . I set it up a week ago and all of the pods have sprouted and are growing quickly ! It is very quiet -LRB- the instructions mentioned the sound of dripping , but I rarely notice it -RRB- though it is very bright when the lights are on . If I had a choice , I would n't have so many varieties of basil ... but nonetheless , I ca n't wait to be able to start harvesting and using nice fresh herbs for cooking with my family !
 The olives were purchased as a gift to my father who is an olive buff and he really liked them and enjoys some of the more obscure olives you can find on Amazon instead of just the plain pimento olives at the grocery store . I recommend trying some .
 I really like `` Chicago Style '' popcorn . This brand is pretty good . Big fluffy kernals and well coated , no old maids . It 's not exactly the treat you get in Chicago at Garret 's , but it 's fresh and very tasty . Garret 's 2 gallon bag costs $ 56.00 compared to $ 13.10 here . It 's a great treat to eat while watching a movie . I think I have to try the flavors too !
 I have been using this tea in making kombucha . The flavor is subtle and perfect for kombucha base !
 Hey , I was brought up on strong black pekoe tea with milk and sugar , and have never been super fond of the wimpy black teas you find here in the U.S. Until now , I absolutely disliked all the herbal teas too . Then my roommate 's friend sent him this Clipper green tea with ginseng , and I took a sniff and thought it smelled wonderful , and decided to try it . Wow !! This is the bestest tea I have ever had !! It has a touch of fruity flavor , but it is subtle , not overpowering . And you can have it straight , sweet , with milk , or as iced tea , and it tastes great whichever way you go ! If I could rate this better than 5 stars , I would give it at least a 10 !! I 've been having one or two mugs of it a day every day , and immediately put in an order with amazon.com for a 6-pack . It arrived very quickly too , which I was so happy about , coz I 'm hooked , and would n't want to go a day without it !
 The aroma of this tea is AMAZING ! The bags are all grouped in one big tinfoil bag , they do not come bagged separately which is better for the environment but maybe not loved by some . Flavor is pretty standard for greens with a citrus note to it . Overall a great deal for some decent green tea .
 In an effort to have something `` quick and easy '' on hand and as one who basically lives on white meat chicken , I tried this box mix not expecting much more than some flavored rice to accompany my otherwise boring white meat chicken . Since I often buy bulk boneless skinless chicken , frozen , it seems that I never have the forethought to defrost the chicken for a meal . However , I 've found that while I cook the frozen chicken in a frying pan , just a tiny drop of oil , on low , it 's like steaming the chicken ... no additives , just plain chicken . While the chicken is `` cooking '' I prepare the box mix -LRB- without adding the chicken like the box says -RRB- - the simmer time on the mix is just about the same time it takes for the chicken to cook - I cube the chicken still in the cooking pan -LRB- to ensure it 's fully cooked post freezer -RRB- , toss it into the now finished box mix - saves lots of time as I never have anything defrosted when I need it : -RRB- Like others , I have experimented and added frozen corn -LRB- much better than canned I 've found -RRB- - now my staple in this `` mix '' , plus I sometimes add shredded cheese atop it before serving . I 've tried the diced tomatoes and peppers ... not a big fan . I always top with a dab of sour cream.The mix freezes very well and reheats with ease . I tend to add a sprinkling of water when microwaving for some extra moisture in the rice . A leftover favorite is a flour tortilla with the mix , sour cream and a dash of taco sauce.Friends to whom I 've served this mix have been shocked it was indeed a `` mix '' -LRB- that is , when I 've confessed ! -RRB- ... not your typical flavorless or overpriced `` helper mix '' !
 After no longer being able to find this product in our local stores . We are so happy that we found a place to buy the chicken helper cheesy chicken enchilda . This product is no only delicious but a fast easy meal . I use can chicken and that makes this a super fast meal . The shipping was really fast too . Thanks
 I use this product to make a great burrito just like what is made at our local Taco place . I make up the mix according to package directions , but do n't add the chicken . I heat up a can of refried beans and then make burritos by putting about 1/4 cup of refried beans , 1/4 cup of the enchilada filling and a tablespoon or two of picante sauce on a flour tortilla and then rolling up burrito style . These have been a big hit every time I have served them .
 Just through basic experimenting , I 've also found that adding diced up imitation crab to this ` box mix ' creates a great recipe . I then like adding a little chopped up tomato , black beans , and guacamole.It does not look like a lot from the box , but wow , a little bit of this dish really fills me up . It 's definitely a good buy if you have to stretch a meal for a couple of days .
 My kids BEG for Cheesy Enchilada . I used to be able to find it at a local store , but now I ca n't find it locally at all ! Thank you amazon!I make it per package directions , and add a can of rinsed black beans to the simmer time.I serve it with flour tortillas , sourcream , shredded cheese , salsa and sometimes sliced avocados.It 's always a hit at our house . We make it 1-2 times a month !
 we use this as the base , then besides the chicken , we will also add pasta , spices , veggies , or whatever we have around to make quick cheesy meals
 This box meal should be the standard all box meals are held to . Keys to making this meal great
 Was very disappointed when unable to find this delicious Chicken Helper at local stores anymore ... and very happy to find it could be ordered through Amazon ! It would take a while to use 12 boxes , though , so gave a few to each of my children to enjoy also . Thanks , Amazon , for making this available !
 THIS PRODUCT WAS SMOKED PERFECTLY . . I ENJOYED ALMOST ALL OF THE JERKEY ... ONLY ONE PROBLEM ... DO N'T LEAVE ANY JERKY LAYING AROUND THE HOUSE ... IT TOOK ONLY 5 MINUTES FOR MY TRUSTY DOG TO SEEK OUT AND DEVOUR MY LAST PIECE . . VERY TASTY AND COMES VACUM PACKED
 This was purchased for a friend who enjoys jerky , did not taste it myself but my friend said that it was delicious . Do n't know if just being nice or if was truly yummy .
 Little game taste but overall a very satisfying piece of meat . I would recommend to anyone looking for a different jerky
 I ordered this because I enjoy buffalo jerky . I based buying this particular jerky on the description `` if you like wine and garlic you will like this '' . When it arrived I was somewhat disappointed to find the word `` Peppered '' on the package . No where in the description or the picture of the product does it show that it is peppered . I do n't generally care for peppered jerkies . This one was just okay because of that . The flavor was good but then the pepper cancels it out for me . My husband likes it , so it is n't a total loss . So be aware , if you do NOT like peppered jerky , do not purchase this buffalo jerky . If you do like it , then you will enjoy this very much .
 Because it was n't labeled Teriyaki flavored I did n't expect it to be so sweet . The price was good however compared to most other places .
 Aside from a bit of sweetness flavor that would have prefer not to have it was a very good jerky
 My wife and I first had Chukar Cherries at an REI in Seattle . We instantly fell in love with every type of cherry . Our only `` dislike '' was the white chocolate blueberries . Although my wife is telling me , as I am writing this , that she likes them all ! When I saw them on Amazon , I thought they would make a perfect Easter gift . My only complaint is that the picture on both the website and the Chukar catalog , which I received with my order , make the box look like there are tons of cherries in each little compartment . That is not the case . While there are plenty of cherries in each box , expect about half of what you see in the picture . It is obvious that the picture is to demonstrate what the product looks like , but it certainly is misleading as to quantity . Overall my wife was thrilled with the purchase , and we slowly rationed and savored each cherry !
 Chukar cherries are absolutely the best -LRB- the dark chocolates are my personal favorites -RRB- . The company ships its product in protected and cooled boxes - they even survived the Florida heat to arrive in perfect condition.If you are looking for a fantastic gift , or a treat for yourself , I highly recommend any of their products !
 When I lived in Yakima Washington , my husband used to bring home boxes of Chukar Cherries made right in the Valley . This company also makes delicious jams , sauces , roasted nuts , dried fruit energy snacks and whole fruit gifts and specialties.The Alexander-Auld family moved from Seattle in 1988 and purchased a 100 acre cherry orchard . In order to preserve the cherries , they started to dry the cherries after they were picked in June and July.Once the cherries were covered in chocolate they could last 9 months when sealed and stored in a cool , dry place.The delicious dehydrated cherries -LRB- intensifies the cherry flavor -RRB- are a unique feature of the chocolates and the combination of seductively smooth chocolate and dried cherries makes these one of my favorite chocolates.The Chocolates I 've enjoyed so far : Cabernet Chocolate Cherry - Smooth semi-sweet chocolate melts on your tongue and then as you bite into the chocolate there is a delicious burst of cherry and red wine.Dark Chocolate Amaretto Rainier Cherry - A somewhat creamier exotic chocolate with a subtle Rainier cherry flavor.Mocha Latte Espresso Bean - Crunchy , heady mocha flavor and my favorite chocolate in this sampler . I could see giving an entire box of these to a coffee connoisseur.Bing Chocolate Cherry - Cherries covered in a naturally red , milk chocolate.Dark Chocolate Vanilla Almond - Crunchy roasted almonds dipped in dark chocolate . Pure almond vanilla and chocolate pleasure.Truffle Chocolate Cherry - Creamy truffle bliss . A sweet milky chocolate filling covers a dried cherry.Black Forest Chocolate Cherry - Less sweet and rolled in dark cocoa.Dark Chocolate Pecan PassionMilk Chocolate CherryDouble-Dipped Macadamia BiteMilk Chocolate Honey PecanThese award-winning Chukar products contain natural ingredients . They do not contain any artificial colors or flavors . They also do not contain any hydrogenated oils or preservatives.The main ingredients in the chocolates
 this item was sent as a gesture of thanks for a dear friend.it was a big hit ! everything in the sampler was fresh andluscious . shipment was prompt and extremely well packed .
 I LOVE THESE Chocolates !!! I actually do not live far from where they are made and went to school with the family . When I lived in California , I would have friends and family from WA send these to me as gifts . My mouth is watering just thinking about them !
 Just as described and just as the image depicts.You get what you buy !
 This gum has a liquid center . I dotn see any bubble yum or stuff like that with a nice center . I got this gum origonaly in mexico where it seems to be the main gum there . Little did i know they sold this gum in america . So i bought a few boxes for 600 pasos each . I obviously got ripped off . Well this product would be huge if there was a larger market like ther was in mexico . They had like 20 Flavors there . We only have 3 but its stil good . Enjoy
 My daughter is a `` glutino '' -LRB- as she calls herself -RRB- and she was wild about this candy/cookie creation !
 My son loves these cookies . And we 're heartbroken that Amazon does n't seem to carry them anymore . Please bring them back !
 I purchased this sampler for myself to try out this product . These cherries are so good and fresh , not hard or over chewy . The flavors are wonderful and the chocolate is very high quality.The nuts are great too.I have already placed a large order after I sampled this and everything is excellent . Sauces and individual bags of cherries . I will definately order more from this company . Thankyou to Amazon for offering this sampler to purchase !
 When I lived in Yakima Washington , my husband used to bring home boxes of Chukar Cherries made right in the Valley . This company also makes delicious jams , sauces , roasted nuts , dried fruit energy snacks and whole fruit gifts and specialties.The Alexander-Auld family moved from Seattle in 1988 and purchased a 100 acre cherry orchard . In order to preserve the cherries , they started to dry the cherries after they were picked in June and July.Once the cherries were covered in chocolate they could last 9 months when sealed and stored in a cool , dry place.The delicious dehydrated cherries -LRB- intensifies the cherry flavor -RRB- are a unique feature of the chocolates and the combination of seductively smooth chocolate and dried cherries makes these one of my favorite chocolates.The Chocolates in this box include the delicious : Cabernet Chocolate Cherry - Smooth semi-sweet chocolate melts on your tongue and then as you bite into the chocolate there is a delicious burst of cherry and red wine.Dark Chocolate Amaretto Rainier Cherry - A somewhat creamier exotic chocolate with a subtle Rainier cherry flavor.Mocha Latte Espresso Bean - Crunchy , heady mocha flavor and my favorite chocolate in this sampler . I could see giving an entire box of these to a coffee connoisseur.Bing Chocolate Cherry - Cherries covered in a naturally red , milk chocolate.Dark Chocolate Vanilla Almond - Crunchy roasted almonds dipped in dark chocolate . Pure almond vanilla and chocolate pleasure.Truffle Chocolate Cherry - Creamy truffle bliss . A sweet milky chocolate filling covers a dried cherry.Black Forest Chocolate Cherry - Less sweet and rolled in dark cocoa.Dark Chocolate Pecan PassionMilk Chocolate CherryDouble-Dipped Macadamia BiteMilk Chocolate Honey PecanThese award-winning Chukar products contain natural ingredients . They do not contain any artificial colors or flavors . They also do not contain any hydrogenated oils or preservatives.The main ingredients in the chocolates
 While this is a product that I purchase regularly -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , there is a better value on Amazon that is double the number for about the same price . Unfortunately , I picked the wrong one .
 A lot of tea for the price ... ... no sweetener needed ... The product works better than I expected it to . I also did n't realize how much I was ordering . I am enjoying this product . Has very good taste .
 This tea has a superb taste . I actually look forward to drinking this tea with my dinner . Now that it is summer I drink is as an iced tea , but this is also a very delicious hot drink too ! I use splenda and fresh mint when I brew it . Fabulous !
 Reality strikes . I have been drinking this tea every night for 10 years ! It is the best thing to keep me on the straight n narrow !
 Ok , so the `` Dieter 's '' part is just a gimmick . But this tea really does a great job of keeping things moving , if you catch my drift . Follow the directions carefully ! Steep it too long and you will spend a lot of time in the bathroom . This is my favorite flavor .
 I recieved the product in a nice time frame and it lived up to my expectations . I would recommend it .
 First and foremost make sure you DO NOT let this tea steep too long . If you let it steep for the recommended two minutes , you should n't have to run to the bathroom like your pants are on fire ! If you let it steep for the 2 minutes , it 's a decent trip to the bathroom ... not explosive diarrhea.With the way we eat -LRB- mostly women -RRB- we need to clean out our plumbing every once in a while and this is a fabulous way to do it . It 's not recommended for everyday use !
 I did not buy this tea through amazon . . But from my grandmothers cabinet -LRB- haha -RRB- . I have been dieting for the past 3 months now , and i was completely oblivious to special teas for cleansing although i know of drinks/pills that cleanse , I wanted to steer clear of any type of pill and again oblivious to benefits of cleansing -LRB- even when not dieting -RRB- . Now I tried this tea two months ago & only because of the words `` Super Dieters '' I thought ohh special tea so i drank it -LRB- in the evening -RRB- it did for me do its job and loosen things up which i found odd at first then i read the package , and then I got it . So for me it did help being that I usually dont um go as much as I should and this has helped that . Not only that but since I have been using it along with my eatting habits , and exercise my diet has been showing better results nothing drastic but still better results and that is always great ! This tea -LRB- Cinnamon Spice -RRB- I think tastes devine , I do add not even a teaspoon of sugar but I think this tea does n't even need sugar at all -LRB- i just like it sweeter -RRB- . But all in all I do and have recommended this tea to a few family members and friends -LRB- who do and dont diet -RRB- because i love the taste and the results I 'm having with it .
 This product is great it really works . I have lost a total of 15 pounds in two months wihout exercising . I reconmend this product to everyone .
 This tea product got me running alright , to the crapper . But it did help loose about 10 lbs , mostly compacted fecal matter . I also feel more energized and feeling alot better . Before taking this product my best friend was a couple of cups of black coffee but since taking this for the last month my craving for coffee and sweets has subsided , however i now have to bulk up on toilet paper . Great product great buy !
 I love this product , it helps keep things moving ! I use it twice a day afternoon and evening while dieting . A great product for helping maintain your weight .
 I have used this product in the past and was highly satisfied . It works very well . I would just caution first time users not to make the tea too strong or your results may be `` too good '' .
 This product works very well . It taste great . Its a nice touch to the end of a day . PLEASE USE AS DIRECTED ! PLEASE !!!!!
 I have been using this tea for a few years now , and I drink the full 2 cups every night before I go to bed . It begins to take effect the next morning . I gave a bag to a friend to try & she loved it as well , she now orders it online .
 Works great for me and also help me with my weight . I do n't like the drink as much but I drink it as needed .
 When doing a low-carb diet , constipation can often be a problem , especially in the beginning stages when the carbs are the most restrictive . It 's a complaint many people have about low-carbing . Now , if you 're doing it right , it should n't be that way , but sometimes it just happens . Also , someone with chronic illnesses and also those who take pain medication regularly might find themselves with a bout of constipation too . So while I know this is called a ` dieter 's tea ' and I know that some people use it for cleansing and even for dangerous weight loss by drinking too much of it to ` flush out ' the foods they eat , this tea can actually be used safely and for good purposes when used properly for constipation relief.It takes a little bit to find the right level of brewing to make this work for you . Too little , and it does n't do much , too much and you 'll explode and run to the bathroom almost right after drinking it . Find the right balance , the right steeping level vs. water for you , and you 'll simply have a normal , easy relief the next morning . Once or twice per week , after a meal , works great for most folks I 've talked to . Works wonderful for me when needed.The flavor is great too . I 've tried the other flavors of this brand , and I do n't like them . My best friend likes the lemon though , so to each their own , but for me , the cinnamon is the best . It 's lightly sweet on its own , but sometimes I 'll still add a little honey.Good stuff , and if properly steeped , it does n't cause cramping or pain or unflattering gas , with a decent taste . Definitely recommend if it 's something you need .
 I was very happy with my order . It arrived on time and as described . Thank you !!
 I use this tea regularly . It really does the job and keeps things working ... if you know what I mean . I reuse the tea bags .
 LL is a great cleanser but be aware that when it goes to work you should be near a facility . I find it a bit harsh and prefer Mirolax which is tasteless and has a much milder effect ... at least for me . However , the first time I used LL , I lost 5 pounds in 3 days . Everyone is different so do n't take that as &#34; your &#34; baseline . Ca n't hurt to try . I usually mix it with a flavored tea -LRB- berry , peach , orange etc. -RRB- as the taste alone leaves a bit to be desired for my pallet .
 I 'm sooo happy I found this tea on Amazon.com . The price for 60 bags is unbelievable at best . I have always purchased this tea with 30 tea bags for 8.99 from a local merchant in my neighborhood . In an attempt save more of my hard earned money , I began checking prices of my favorite things elsewhere and low and behold I found my tea on Amazon.com . I now get 30 more bags -LRB- a total of 60 -RRB- for about 3.00 more . I have a good mind to stand outside of his store and advise the patrons to check Amazon for any products he sells . I 've already found several at much cheaper prices on Amazon . Hell , he probably orders from Amazon and re-sales the product . THANK YOU AMAZON !
 I love this tea . The taste is great and works well . I drink 2 cups a day and feel amazing . Will keep buying for sure .
 On days when ice and snow lasts for weeks , and when I know I need to have a boost with cleansing , and do n't want to drive , free shipping and great pricing make this an easy choice for purchase on Amazon !
 This is far and away the best cinnamon tea I have ever found . It 's quite difficult to find a cinnamon tea without added flavors like apple . This is just cinnamon tea , and it 's aroma and taste is that of fresh cinnamon . Also I drink this after dinner to curb my carb cravings , and amazingly , it does the trick .
 The tea is delicious , but I have n't experience the &#34; runs &#34; as mentioned by other reviewers -- even when I let it steep for a long period . I have , over a period of a week , found myself to be more regular . Overall , I like the product and will continue to use it to promote regularity . Maybe being more regular will get that scale moving downward again . : -RRB-
 Sometimes this tea works as I tended other times it does n't . This may be because I have IBS , and the senna in tea sometimes upsets my stomach . You need to drink plenty of water though or it 's less effective .
 I like this product , but I would n't use it daily . I learned this the hard way . It is stronger then you think !!!!!
 I 've used this product for the last 15 or so years and it is good for one primary thing
 This tea works on my fiance 's digestive track as she has an issue with colitis and this product along with essential enzymes helps her to absorb and digest foods that otherwise would give her pains while in her digestive track , Thank you for making this product we plan to continue using it as long as we can .
 One must know that this dieter 's tea helps mostly by moving your bowels along . Be careful at first , or it will be unpleasant !
 I love this tea the taste is really good and it smells good as well my husband and I are year around tea drinkers and also we dont even have to add any sugar -LRB- well I use honey on some teas -RRB- but this one you do n't need anything extra and I will say it really does work drink plenty of water threw out the day ... . And usually in the am you will be cleaning it out lol ... I did n't have any stomach pains or anything but I eat well also !! I recommend this to any and everyone !!
 I never drink this tea alone . I always steep it with another tea , such as Oolong or Jasmine because the taste is n't the best . I use honey and sugar to sweeten and down the hatch it goes ! Expect some , um , gastrointestinal responses the next day . Sometimes I feel a bit of cramping and sometimes I do n't . Sometimes it will take most of the next day for it to ` work ' ... and sometimes it wo n't !!
 I 'm going to talk about poop in my review , so if that offends you , please skip reading this ! I 've tried the `` original '' flavor -LRB- which is ... herb-y and kind of gross -RRB- , but this is a review for the cinnamon spice -LRB- which is still slightly herb-y , but tastes pretty decent . -RRB- I never understand why these teas are marketed as `` dieter 's tea '' . Do n't use this to lose weight . The only weight you 'll lose is from all that crap and water you 're expelling from your bowels -LRB- literally crap . I made a poop joke . Hehe . Okay , sorry . Back to my review . -RRB- If you want to lose weight , eat less `` standard American diet '' foods , eat more veggies , and move more . The end . Seriously , do n't use this as your weight loss method . I 've tried it , and it just gives you stomach cramps for a few weeks , and you 'll lose more friends than pounds because basically you just have diarrhea all the time.The real purpose of the product ? It 's for pooping.This is a laxative tea for when you 're constipated . If you 've never had this before , here 's what I discovered about a decade ago , when I was a teenager with body image issues and found my mom 's `` dieter 's tea ''
 Have used this product for many years - but only as a way to &#34; regulate &#34; ... . My husband fights keeping his bowel movements regular daily - I just have a little cup of &#34; diet tea &#34; every evening - and &#34; wallah &#34; ! no problems here ... lol . I do not use it as a weight/diet program ; but for this reason , it works for me ...
 I have been using Laci Le Beau Super Dieters Tea for years . There is no subsitute . Many women in my family use it as well . This keeps me moving better than anything else and I suffer from Chronic Constipation . I would recommend this to anyone who could use a gentle , natural laxitive . I 've never felt like I 've taking a harsh stimulant , it just makes you feel & go like normal :-RRB- I hate poop talk but this is worth sharing ! LOL
 I do n't use this tea for dieting but more so for a natural cleanse to keep the body free of harmful toxins . It is very effective have used it for years ! First time users may experiece cramping but , after awhile they cease . Great Effective Product !
 Gatorade is just as good as water cause it wo n't give you bad kidneys if you drink too much of it and also you wo n't have to go to the bathroom so quick . Who ever says Gatorade is salty is on crack .
 Skittle are good but too many Skittle will make be abrasive to the top of your mouth . comsume with care
 If not for the little `` s '' on each piece , you might mistake a handful of Skittles for `` M&M s ; '' . They might even be the same candy if it were n't for the fact that one is filled with milk chocolate and the other fruit . At-least that 's the concept here as each of the five colors represent a different kind.Strawberry and grape are the best , orange dangles in the middle , while lemon and lime serve only to balance-out the other colors of the rainbow . What 's amazing is how well the five flavors blend together into a sweet fruit punch of sorts , which I 'd take over a mouthful of chocolate any day.Aside from the taste , the best thing about these bite-sized candies is that , even with a shell , they 're chewy , they 're not sticky and they dissolve into sugary grits rather than a taffy mass when you chew them . For what it 's worth , they 're also made with apple juice as one of the key ingredients.If the makers get rid of lemon and lime for better fruits ; or just leave it as a trio of orange , grape and strawberry ; they could be on to something truly special . But even as is , because you ca n't really taste the lemon and lime when you eat them all together , Skittles are my favorite candy.marcellee.com
 I am very happy with this peach tea . I have had many brands in the past and Peach Lift is one of the best that I have had . I will surely look up Peach Lift when I am ready to purchase again .
 I no longer use anything else ! They break only as easily as any other taco shell . If you fill the bottom with wet stuff like sauce , tomatoes , and cheese they are good to go !
 My whole family loves this gum . The cooling effect is great and the dragonfruit taste is perfect . It 's sweet , but not too sweet . A perfect alternative to super-sweet bubblegum !
 Great coffee . The swiss water method is the way to go and is much easier on your body . I like to add a teaspoon of sugar in the ground coffee before I brew it -LRB- cuts the acidity -RRB- . Mmmh .
 I fell in love with Kona coffee while in Hawaii years ago and have only been able to find 10 % Kona coffee . For me coffee is a delicacy and I try to keep my caffeine consumption down . I have mixed this 1/2 and 1/2 with regular Kona coffee Hawaii Roasters medium roastHawaii Roasters 100 % Kona Coffee , Medium Roast , Whole Bean , 16-Ounce Bagand also combined the above with Columbian to get a 50-50 mix -LRB- This is expensive coffee -RRB- and it is terrific . Not being a coffee connoisseur I do n't know how one would describe it , but it has a mellow flavor that is fairly light bodied.I would buy it again .
 My family likes this stuff . It is fast and very easy to elaborate for more veggies , etc. .
 Finding Cheesy Jambablaya on Amazon made my son 's day ! We could not find it anywhere . Having it delivered so fast was the icing on the cake . I will be ordering more in the near future !
 Nice gum to chew bit small like chick 's use to be or now . Handy for juice in the mouth without eating food or a snack.Took longer geting here but worth the wait.Tks ` sB.A.W .
 I bought Spry gum for my 2 yr old grandson . It was xylitol or $ 2400 worth of dental surgery . He has been on xylitol products now for 2 and 1/2 months along with other remineralizing products , and has shown marked improvement in his speech development and eating . Plus several of the smaller cavities have disappeared and the larger ones are smaller.In the beginning we gave him too much xylitol , he got diarrhea , so we cut back and the diarrhea ceased . But he 's back to eating , chewing , drinking xylitol , and no problems of any kind so far , not even a reoccurrence of the diarrhea.Spry is great and worth buying .
 If you have n't , read up on xylitol and how it helps knock back unhealthy mouth bacteria . Spry gum is 100 % xylitol , unlike most of the gum you buy in stores , and this gum tastes great . My 8 year old , who likes Wrigley 's Juicy Fruit gum , loves it . And the more he chews it , the better his teeth get . We 've actually noticed some remineralization going on . Spry gum comes in different flavors , spearmint , peppermint , fruit , cinnamon and green tea . Xylitol tastes exactly like real sugar , so the flavors taste like the ones you expect from regular sugared gum . We take it in the car on trips when we ca n't brush after meals .
 I really hoped I 'd like this gum . The texture is fine , but the taste leaves something to be desired . I tried a second piece later just to see if it was really as bad as I thought . Yep , it was . I hate wasting anything and there are still 98 pieces to go
 My review of the literature suggested xylitol gum to reduce or prevent ear infections . My son had several ear infections after bouts with allergies and one dose of penicillin for the infection nearly landed him in the hospital due to a severe allergic reaction.My choice is to be proactive and reduce the bacteria in the mouth that migrates and causes ear infections . The gum tastes great and he has n't had an ear infection since . WE bought him the toothpaste too and he brushes all the time with it .
 okay . so , the flavor wears off real fast . be forewarned about that.BUT ----- this gum is perfect for my needs . i had wanted something to clean my teeth/mouth in between meals -LRB- like at work after having a snack when i ca n't brush my teeth -RRB- I do n't intend to chew it very long so the fact that the flavor wears off fast does n't bother me . I answer phones at work anyway so i ca n't sit there chomping on gum ... My breath seems fresh & my mouth feels clean , so mission accomplished : -RRB- One other thing i noticed that is AWESOME is that my sinuses are clearing out a lot . I am always feeling stuffed up & have sinus problems every day . i often feel a lump in my throat when i swallow . I have allergies & silent reflux at night so the whole area is irritated . especially after consuming sugar , it gets worse.so anyway i chewed about 6 pieces of this gum today over the past 2 hrs & i feel SO much better . I knew xylitol has anti-bacterial properties but everything i had read spoke of how good it is for your teeth . that is why i bought it . it did n't occur to me that there were other benefits . So i did n't realize when i bought the gum is that people actually use xylitol as a nasal wash & even to clear up ear infections . i discovered this only after clearly noticing the effects on myself . it was so drastic that i did more research online -LRB- google of course -RRB- . I mean the change was so noticable for me that i thought this ca n't be just a coincidence & went to look it up . and lo & behold it is used to cure sinus & ear infections ! i also bought xylitol granules to use as sweetener in my tea instead of regular sugar . now i 'm going to dissolve it in mater & gargle with it too . and I will continue to use this gum every day as well .
 This gum is good but I got sick of it after a while , it 's just a bit too sweet for me . However , that said , it 's perfect for the children . My daughter religiously asks for it after every meal and after she brushes her teeth ! How many products that are good for their tooth health do kids actually ask for ??
 okay . so , the flavor wears off real fast . be forewarned about that.BUT ----- this gum is perfect for my needs . i had wanted something to clean my teeth/mouth in between meals -LRB- like at work after having a snack when i ca n't brush my teeth -RRB- I do n't intend to chew it very long so the fact that the flavor wears off fast does n't bother me . I answer phones at work anyway so i ca n't sit there chomping on gum ... My breath seems fresh & my mouth feels clean , so mission accomplished : -RRB- One other thing i noticed that is AWESOME is that my sinuses are clearing out a lot . I am always feeling stuffed up & have sinus problems every day . i often feel a lump in my throat when i swallow . I have allergies & silent reflux at night so the whole area is irritated . especially after consuming sugar , it gets worse.so anyway i chewed about 6 pieces of this gum today over the past 2 hrs & i feel SO much better . I knew xylitol has anti-bacterial properties but everything i had read spoke of how good it is for your teeth . that is why i bought it . it did n't occur to me that there were other benefits . So i did n't realize when i bought the gum is that people actually use xylitol as a nasal wash & even to clear up ear infections . i discovered this only after clearly noticing the effects on myself . it was so drastic that i did more research online -LRB- google of course -RRB- . I mean the change was so noticable for me that i thought this ca n't be just a coincidence & went to look it up . and lo & behold it is used to cure sinus & ear infections ! i also bought xylitol granules to use as sweetener in my tea instead of regular sugar . now i 'm going to dissolve it in mater & gargle with it too . and I will continue to use this gum every day as well .
 This gum has a wonderful flavor and does not promote tooth decay . It does tend to lose it 's texture after chewing for awhile , though . That said , it 's the second best thing out there .
 I have taken a quote off of Wikipedia pertaining to xylitol for dental health : `` Early studies from Finland in the 1970s found that a group chewing sucrose gum had 2.92 decayed , missing , or filled -LRB- dmf -RRB- teeth compared to 1.04 in the group chewing xylitol gums . -LSB- 17 -RSB- Recent research -LSB- 18 -RSB- confirms a plaque-reducing effect and suggests the compound , having some chemical properties similar to sucrose , attracts and then `` starves '' harmful micro-organisms , allowing the mouth to remineralize damaged teeth with less interruption . -LRB- However , this same effect also interferes with yeast micro-organisms and others , so xylitol is inappropriate for making yeast-based bread , for instance . -RRB- This is because cariogenic bacteria prefer fermentable six-carbon sugars , or disacharrides such as sucrose , as opposed to the nonfermentable xylitol , whose antimicrobial properties then `` starve '' the bacteria , reducing their growth and reproduction . -LSB- 16 -RSB- Most of these studies suggest that at least 6 grams of xylitol per day is needed for dental efficacy ; for most chewing gum or breath mints this would require 12 pieces per day -LRB- op cit -RRB- . `` So according to this you need twelve pieces of xylitol gum per day to be effective.That would mean a one hundred piece jar would last less than ten days , and you would be chewing two pieces three times per day.So you would need three jars or more of this per month . I may try out buying xylitol in bulk packages here on Amazon and sipping it in water . The health benefits not only of preventing cavities but also of preventing sinus and flu infections when taken by nosein a spray are impressive.There was also a study done that showed that xylitol can help prevent osteoporosis by remineralizing bones.It seems there are two main companies in the world producing xylitol , in Denmark and in China , and this gum company supposedly gets theirs from China which sends up red flags in some of us . We ca n't really trust China not to put harmful ingredients into things , as has been shown.The gum itself tastes good . I ca n't complain about it so far , it is similar to Juicy Fruit in taste . The taste fades out fast but still a hint of it remains for at least half an hour.I plan to do more research on ways to add enough xylitol to my diet . Chewing twelve pieces of gum a day is n't something I want to do . I recommend this gum as a way to get xylitol into contact with your teeth where it has a unique ability to kill bacteria . One star comes off due to the probability the xylitol in this is made in China , and the fact that it or any gum of this nature requires too many pieces to be chewed per day to have the beneficial effect on teeth . Still , when you ca n't brush after a meal this is a way tokill mouth bacteria .
 i love this gum , it has a great burst of flavor and a really cool-mouth feeling -LRB- even the fruit flavored -RRB- ! the only draw back is that the flavor runs out quickly ... but knowing that i 'm chewing something ACTUALLY good for me wins the battle for me .
 My husband wanted to get this flavor , I was a little skeptical but it tastes good ! Like Juicyfruit . Our dentist recommended that we get this gum , especially for my husband who has a lot of cavities because the xylitol kills the bacteria in his mouth that causes cavities . He chews it three times a day after each meal . And I like it too ! Does n't hold it 's flavor for super long but it 's not good for my jaw to chew that long anyway so it works out .
 I didnt think that this gum was going to be that good , that is why I bought the 100 piece package . I got the smaller size to sample what it would taste like , and I figured if I like it then I would buy the bigger jar . One piece of gum really doesnt do it for me . I need to chew two pieces at the same time to feel like I am chewing a substantial piece of gum . The flavor is not very long lasting , but it seems to be the norm these days when it comes to gum . I dont know why that is , but I have noticed it with other gums as well . I am pleased with the fact that there is no aspartame in this gum . I didnt know that most sugar free products contain aspartame . I had double checked the ingredients in this gum before I made my purchase . I am pretty satisfied overall with the gum .
 I have the celiac disease and love it when I can find food , treats , candy , etc. that I can eat . I 've purchased several of the different flavors and am a fan .
 I love this gum . I do n't let my son have the mainstream sugar free gum that often has nutra sweet . This tastes and smells just like Juicyfruit and my son is happy that he gets to chew gum . It 's this or nothing . I buy the case of 10 piece packages on Amazon and it 's always in ample supply in our house . It 's cheaper that way and convenient for me to not have to always look for it at the health food store . As for the review about it not keeping it 's flavor ... Personally , I think it keeps it 's flavor long enough . Any longer and my jaw just gets tired . Besides , I like my son to chew it to clean his teeth between brushing and do n't particularly want him chomping on gum all day . This is a great product and I will continue to purchase it here on Amazon .
 This gum is great for cleaning and protecting your teeth . my whole family likes to chew it even if the didnt eat something first . its made to help clean and whiten teeth and i approve , i get it from the organic health food store and i dont have to worry about sugar hurting my kids teeth . even though its not organic it is natural with no dies .
 Our pediatric dentist recommended this gum to my 5 yr old daughter . My kids love it and it 's a better alterntative to some of the other `` sugar '' treats on the market.I highly recommend it !
 I expected that these would not taste okay , they would leave a funny aftertaste , or not be as chewy as , say like , double mint gum . Well , to my suprise they were very stimulating to my taste buds , and almost addicting . There was no aftertaste , and the chewing factor was alright with me . I wanted to just chew one piece after each meal , but it was very tempting to always go pop a piece just because I enjoyed them that much.My children enjoyed chewing them also , and one actually would ask for a piece each time he noticed the container sitting somewhere . I do not recommend them for children not mature enough to know not to swallow gum . My child would swallow often , so I know now that the mints or chewies would be better for those with swallowing issue . I was , however , able to get him not to swallow because he liked them so much . I would make a deal that I would give my child one only with an agreement not to swallow - it worked , but half the time swallowing was irresistable , though before he would always swallor . I had only used them for about 2 weeks so I can not comment on any improvements in dental health , but I hope to continue with using them on a long term basis . No side effects noticed here as some have reported .
 long lasting , great flavor . Healthy for your teeth and body . Good value . repeat customer .
 The reason I got this flavor of SPRY gum and the truth of the matter is that it tastes VERY similar to juicy fruit , as another reviewer mentioned . There are no added fake sugars like sorbitol -LRB- found in my favorite gum , Trident -RRB- which is good in the sense of health -LRB- probably -RRB- , yet the sweetness runs out way too quickly -LRB- like the real juicy fruit -RRB- . I 'm averaging around 10 minutes of sweetness per two rectangles . Weak . Otherwise , it is a solid gum , it 's good for your teeth -LRB- per my dentist -RRB- due to the high amount of xylitol . Xlear just needs to figure out how to make the sweetness last longer .
 this gum is one of our family 's favorite , and it 's nice to know it 's good for you too ...
 Heard about this at a health food store and figured gums and mints would be a good , health Christmas gift for my grandsons .
 i do n't mind the flavor not lasting very long as i mostly want this as a quick way to help clean my teeth/mouth between brushings . i do not intend to chew it very long as i answer phones at work so i ca n't be chewing gum all day . the flavor is good , as someone else said it is similar to juicy fruit .
 It helps with dry mouth -- was recommended by my dental hygienist - and my husband uses it as well . I 'm not a gum chewer , but it 's better than most other gums .
 This gum is very fruity , flavor lasts a while , my kids love it ! The peppermint version is good , as well .
 This gum tastes and smells a lot like Juicy Fruit -- but with fewer calories , carbs , colors and additives that make sugary gums so bad for you . Sure , the flavor of this gum does n't last forever , but it 's a nice refreshing break while it lasts -LRB- not to mention , this gum is sweetened with xylitol , a natural , low-calorie sweetener which has been shown to reduce the risk of tooth decay when chewed after meals ; has a low glycemic impact ; and can even help with some ear infections -RRB- . Look at this way
 Nice fruity flavor , just does n't last long . Very crisp and refreshing . Does n't get a nasty film like most gums once you have been chewing on it awhile . A stronger rather than softer chew .
 This gum is actually good and not bad for you . The dentist actually recommends it - I buy it because it does n't have any dyes like most gums .
 After reading studies on xylitol and teeth , I decided to try this gum . I tried three flavors , and all were excellent , but it barely lasts But none of them last more than a couple of minutes . But it 's worth chewing a piece for 5 or 10 minutes a couple of time a day . ABout 3 months after I started using xylitol gum , I had a dental checkup . At the end of my cleaning , the hygienist commented that I had remarkably little plaque build-up . So I 'd have to say the xylitol is working for me .
 Ordered it because xylitol suppresses bacterial growth . I have chronic bronchitis , which spreads to the throat and sinuses . This year I 've already had a chest infection , but it did not spread to my throat .
 This fudge is so much fun and totally unique ... made to resemble the nostalgic flavor of root beer floats . Order yours today !
 At 140 calories per cup and 3g -LRB- 13 % RDA -RRB- of Fiber Progresso 's Lentil soup fills you up without packing on the pounds . I keep a case of Lentil soup at hand in my office - saves the cost and time of hitting the food trough on the 2nd floor ... . Good , clean taste . The lentils are firm -LRB- not soggy like some other brands -RRB- and the soup is not over salted -LRB- again like other brands -RRB- . This is a good one !
 Do n't let my title fool you . The bouquet is incredible . The flowers were in perfect condition -LRB- they arrive as buds as opposed to an open blossom , minimizing damage -RRB- and they arrived on time . My only gripe , I suppose , is the fact that they did n't last very long -LRB- despite following the proper intstructions , etc. for preservation -RRB- . In fact , after many bloomed , they turned brown and withered over the span of one night -LRB- though keep in mind I had already received them for 4 days -- but still -RRB- . I can recommend these beautiful flowers , but do n't expect to have them for very long .
 I am so happy Amazon now sells this sauce . If you try it , you will never go back . There is such a complex , rich chipotle-infused flavor ! We love it on ribs , hamburgers , and french fries . We have many open bottles of other rejected BBQ sauces but keep buying more Big Acres Hot and Spicy .
 Our entire family is crazy about this product . My children age5 and 10 love the mild sauce . They put it on everything from hotdogs to vegetables . My husband and I use the hot and spicy sauce about 4 times a week . It is fantastic on all meat and poultry . We have stocked our shelves full of this wonderful barbeque sauce . We like it so much we even used it for my husband 's 40th birthday party favors . Our theme was wild and crazy and we thought this hot barbeque sauce would be a hit with all of our friends .
 I have nothing but good things to say about this soup.Its the perfect size for lunch ... or a snack.It taste good ... warms you up ... and nicely fills the belly of man . . woman and child.Easy to heat . . lift the lid and microwave.The family loved it ... and so do I.Its the perfect snack ... and size.Try it -- you 'll love it .
 This soup is good . I do n't like the container it comes in so much . I heat it up in a microwavable bowl , rather than the container it comes in . Progresso does make a good soup . A little expensive this way . Will go back to the regular sized soup can for future purchases .
 Nice proportions of chicken and noodles in a tasty broth . I eat this for lunch at work and find it quite satisfying . I get a 6-pack once a month via Subscribe and Save .
 when I am facing a deadline - which seems to be always these days -- I often need a break and a little nourishment . I had been picking up Campbells soup in a similar tube . Nuke it , instant din-din . Since I often write all night , soup is a nice pick me up . Campbells tubs suffers from the same problem Campbells cans did -- marbles at the bottom of the bowl . Just too watery , not enough filler , mostly weak broth . Progesso soups look like Campbells with the marbles , lots of noodles and veggies . Real flavour.I also like they do n't over salt their soups . Campbells tends to lean heavy on the salt to cover up for real flavour.So thanks for the freebie . I enjoyed it , and will be ordering more .
 This is very good Chicken Noodle soup . I think its just a little over priced but the convienence does alot to make up for that .
 The Progresso Foods Division of General Mills Cereals -LRB- LLC -RRB- distributes this Chicken Noodle Soup to stores across the United States . This soup is convenient , it 's quick , and it comes in its own individual microwavable container -LRB- so no other dishes are required ; well ... except a spoon -RRB- . And best of all -- Progresso Chicken Noodle Soup is absolutely delicious ! It 's certainly one of the tastiest noodle soups I 've ever eaten . I have n't tried any of the other soups in the `` microwavable bowl '' Progresso line -LRB- and there are several others -RRB- , but I definitely keep coming back for more of the Chicken Noodle product . It 's a little on the expensive side , but the flavor and microwavable convenience are things that make these Progresso bowls worth the extra cost -LRB- IMO -RRB- . This soup provides an ample amount of tender chicken . And it 's 100 % `` Roasted White Meat '' too , and it 's very good . I have n't yet run into a piece of gristle or fat when eating this product . They 've done a great job of putting only premium-quality chicken pieces in this soup.This soup also contains the normal other ingredients that usually accompany a Chicken Noodle soup -- Egg noodles -LRB- of course -RRB- , carrots , celery , and a little bit of parsley.For an extra taste boost -LRB- and to stretch the yummy contents of the bowl even further -RRB- , try adding some diced potatoes to this soup . A few taters being tossed into the bowl make this soup taste even better -LRB- in my opinion anyway -RRB- . I have to eat about a third of the soup first , though , before adding the potatoes , because the bowl is filled to the brim when it 's first opened , so there 's no room for a morsel of anything else until the level is reduced.Progresso 's soup bowls come packaged with a vented snap-on plastic lid , which should be placed back on the bowl while microwaving -LRB- after carefully removing the metal pull-top lid -RRB- , in order to keep down the inevitable splatter that always occurs when chicken is heated at full microwave power.The plastic lid can give a person fits , though , in that it can be difficult to initially remove . I have found that a small portion of the `` Why Wo n't This Darn Thing Come Off ?! '' agony can be avoided by squeezing the bowl with one hand while prying up the lid with your other hand -LRB- in an inch-by-inch manner all the way around the bowl -RRB- . Sometimes this method works for me anyway . Maybe it will for other people too . ** = Throwing the container against the wall in order to loosen the lid is not recommended however ; the bowl weighs almost one full pound before opening , so an angry toss across the room could very well result in some plaster damage which would certainly cost more to repair than the price of this food product . -LRB- Just a little kitchen/soup humor there . -RRB- ~ wink ~ Each 15.25-ounce Progresso container holds 2 individual servings -LRB- per the product 's nutrition label anyway -RRB- . But , let 's face facts , whenever one of these official nutrition labels claims something makes two servings , it realistically means
 Progresso has it over its competition when it comes to chicken noodle soup . It 's rich , with chunks of chicken and vegetables .
 Sent this pack to my grandson in college , and he thought they were fantastic . No need to have cold storage , and he could have them at anytime day or night . Recommend for parents and grandparents as a `` little '' surprise for your kids in college .
 Great to send to your kids at college , a little bit of homethey can warm up in the dorm !
 Progresso makes an excellent soup and this chicken noodle soup in a microwavable bowl is no exception . The soup is delicious and overall fairly healthy for you.I like that the soup provides a good deal of chicken and the vegetables taste fresh . The broth is also very tasty . Progresso makes a higher quality chicken noodle soup than most other brands because they include more chicken , vegetables and noodles in their chicken noodle soups.One look at the ingredients shows us more positives
 Good quick lunch on the go . Low cal and filling.There are approx 2 servings per container but you are still under 200 cal total if you eat the whole thing .
 I love cherries and I hate half the options you can get at the store because they are so often covered in corn syrup . These are great natural cherries that are delicious . They are a little smaller then some others I 've found .
 I had been looking online for dried , non-sugared cherries and found them at last . Cherryland from Door County , Wi , have the best ! They are great in baking and make a nice tart contrast to raisins in a trail mix .
 When I married a Thai in 1973 She brought this type of pot and five baskets to the states with her . Neither of us expected to find these things in America but in those days we had to drive 100 miles to buy fish sauce . Now Thai restaurants are everywhere , Thai food is in ordinary supermarkets and lots of people are learning to cook Thai . Thais are learning to cook differently , too . I 've seen videos by Thais showing how to make sticky rice in the microwave or a rice steamer . I 've tried both , the microwave way several times , and the results were not like the sticky rice I have known for decades . I bought myself a new pot and basket via Amazon and it works a charm . I 'm now again making sticky rice as it 's supposed to be -- I am quite satisfied . BTW I do n't use any cloth . The wife never did , I never saw such in Thailand when I was there and I 'm doing fine without it . Dropping the bottom of the basket into water to soak loosens any stuck rice but there 's very little of that . The wife brought five baskets because she knew they do n't last like the pot . Five was enough for years but they 'd eventually come apart at the bottom . I suppose a basket lasted us about a year or two . We did n't eat sticky rice all the time.I consider this pot and basket to be required for proper Thai / Lao sticky rice .
 This item is everything that I was hoping it would be . I need a little more practice in perfecting my rice making technique , though . All in all , it is what I was hoping for and expecting . I would recommend these items to anyone interested in this item .
 Happy to finally find the steaming pot & basket . But find that the basket is a bit too large for the pot . The previous one we had was inadvertently left behind when we moved , however the fit was better . Still I can make my sticky rice so am pleased overall .
 I love this product since my mom always used to steam sticky rice for me with these products . I have decided to try my hand at making it myself for me and my husband .
 I like all the Big Acres sauces , but this one is special because it 's great straight up , or spiced up as you prefer . Here in Texas we sometimes like fire coming out of our ears , but Big Acres is a lot more polite to their dinner guests . So if you are more rowdy than reserved , you might want to throw in some jalapeno on this one . Why not add some zip to their Hot @ Spicy sauce instead ? Well , that 'd be like gilding the lily , frankly . And I LOVE the maple syrup/dark molasses flavor of this one , with the zip of jalapeno added for `` bite . `` The best thing about using it straight is that it 's not only a good marinade -LRB- three or four hours is great , overnight is Special -RRB- , but you can also use it as a brush-on sauce during cooking . It does n't overpower the flavor of your barbecue , whether fish , pork , chicken , or beef.Big Acres ' Web site has lots of recipes -- try those , too . You 'll like 'em .
 This is good soup , and getting it from Amazon Grocery is much more convenient -LRB- and cheaper -RRB- than buying at the grocery store . I just wish there was more of a selection of microwavable soups that qualify for Amazon Prime shipping .
 A little on the high sodium side but good quick meals with veggies and good stuff in them . Ordered the Minestrone , Lentil and Veggie
 Love the soup !! Have at least three a week and the automatic re-order system is great !! Best ever !!!
 I sent this to my son at college . He thought it was very good . It is a nutritious and easy meal . The cost is good and it arrives at their door . Let Amazon do the shopping and transporting .
 Progresso Soups have always been a hit in my family . Now , with my kids getting older , they can just microwave their own soup whenever they are hungry , whether it 's meal time or not . Much better than junk food they might stuff themselves with !
 this soup has excellent taste , we love it , very good for a quick lunch.or just when hungry.will buy again .
 Nicely seasoned . I eat this for lunch at work and find it quite satisfying . I get a 6-pack once a month via Subscribe and Save .
 I like soup because it 's easy , pretty healthy and filling . I 'm a vegetarian and this is my favorite veggie flavor of theirs . Lots of the soups that seem vegetarian have chicken broth so my choices are limited but I like this one a lot . The only problem is , why is a cup listed here as 110 calories ? On the 2 serving cans I buy at the store it says 100 calories per serving . I 'm confused . Regardless , it 's not fantastic but I dont know who 's expecting it to be . For a canned soup with no meat it tastes good .
 My daughter who is in high school loves to take these soups for lunch . This and some chips or crackers and she is set .
 Many years ago I got some honey candy with a dot of liquid honey in the middle and I been looking for that ambrosial flavor ever since . While gourmet coffee is lost on me , I am very fussy about honey.Prickly pear cactus honey is the one .
 I purchased these as a healthy lunch substitute or afternoon snack . The bars are tasty and very filling . They do n't have any strange aftertastes , plus they are not full of sugar like some bars . I do not live the RAW life style , but these bars are perfect for vegans , raw vegans , or anyone just wanting a healthy snack/light meal substitute . I was extremly happy with them , so I am ordering another pack .
 When I first tasted this herbal infusion it seemed I had tasted this flavor before when I lived in Africa . It is much more delicate than a Rooibos tea and has a golden rose color . When blended with a clover honey , it almost has a hint of lemon.The Honeybush is a plant that only grows in the high mountains of the Western and Eastern Cape regions of South Africa . I might have first tasted this tea when we visited Cape Town and went to Table Mountain . The plant is harvested during the flowering season.Honeybush is naturally sweet , caffeine free and has very little tannin . I still enjoy adding honey to this tea to enhance the natural honey flavor . This mineral rich infusion is rather soothing and can help to calm the nervous system.This is technically a wild mountain tea with a hint of aromatic flowers . I only wish I was drinking this tea while visiting Table Mountain . It gets rather chilly up there when you are overlooking the Atlantic Ocean . ~ The Rebecca Review
 I mean wow . the removable table is awesome . Definitely meets the needs of this musician !
 `` Throughout India , chai wallahs can be found serving cups of decaffeinated chai to souls who naturally seek inner beauty at a slightly gentler pace . `` If you like your Chai with a little more ginger , then this tea will interest you . Rooibos , cinnamon , ginger , decaffeinated black tea , cardamom , ginger , chicory , cloves , star anise and other natural flavors seem to take a back seat to the delicious peppery flavor of this tea . This tea tastes similar to a tea I first tasted in Africa , where Rooibos tea is grown.Best served with milk/powdered milk/soy milk or a dash of cream and some honey . Since this is a decaffeinated tea , it is perfect for late night writing sessions or when you want something calming to drink that does n't taste like chamomile.Once you discover Tazo Tea , you may become immersed in the mysterious experience with a sense of abandon and try all the other teas . It is a tea journey.So far I 've have been impressed with all the flavors . I do think you need two tea bags for each 16-ounce cup of tea to fully intoxicate the senses and experience the magic of the ingredients . ~ The Rebecca Review
 These are the most fabulous snack ever ! No additives , nothing but pure delicious tomatoes . For those of us who want to eat a healthy snack and do n't have a sweet tooth , there 's nothing better . They 're chewy and it takes a few minutes to eat them so they 're great for keeping your weight down.I do n't think they 'd be very good for any other use , but if I had to name ONE food to be my overall favorite to snack on , nothing else would even come close !
 The quality of this meat is very good . It is also convenient . It tastes simply , like cooked ground hamburger . You also get alot . That is there are no fillers . When you open the can you 'll see the congealed fat , the meat and some juice . If you are health conscious you can easily scoop off the fat . You could also use it all as-is for added flavor . It does cost more than fresh ground beef , but the grocery stores will be impossible to get to when the zombies attack .
 Simply plain and delicious so you do n't taste the added flavoring but the chip itself and the topping of your choosing . -LRB- Love it with hummus ! -RRB-
 I used them for my chex mix around the holidays . They were good but could have been more salty , but generally good .
 Sencha tea has a nice mild flavor and is a low caffeine green tea . I like green tea , and not all green tea has the same amount of caffeine . Sencha is perfect for me .
 These came green and crisp , the way I prefer them . A couple were very green and I ripened them a bit by setting them under my heat lamp -LRB- used to cultivate indoor tomatoes -RRB- until they got the very slightest tinge of yellow . While these are just a bit pricey -LRB- you get 8-9 mid-sized apple-sized guavas for the price -RRB- , these are the type of guavas you run into in Thailand -LRB- usually imported from Vietnam and there , they come about the size of grapefruit -RRB- . These came shipped via USPS -LRB- took 4-5 biz days days overall -RRB- and were individually wrapped and individually bagged . Each of the fruit I got was in perfect condition without a blemish or soft spot.I love the green guava and eat it sliced into wedges with the following -LRB- borrowed from Bangkok street vendors -RRB- : - 1 part salt - 3 parts sugar -LRB- 4 parts sugar is fine better than 2.5 parts sugar -RRB- - crushed/ground dried red pepper flakes to taste -LRB- I like my mix peppery -RRB- . I keep this mix in a small plastic tub and dip almost all my fruit in it . The guava , at the stage I eat and prefer it , has a flavor like green apple but not quite as sweet or tart.If you are looking for a riper guava -LRB- one more in keeping with being eaten ripe -RRB- , you may want to look into the feijoas , which is a different breed from this type and , as I discovered the hard way , not so good green as this type . The feijoas were pretty bitter green .
 I am so happy I found these to purchase on line ... they arrived in perfect condition . I let them sit out for a couple days to ripen and my family and I savored every delicious bite . Another plus is the aroma of these guavas is amazing ! They really made my house so fragrant . Will definitely buy these again . = -RRB-
 A friend and I who prefer our hot chocolate unsweetened had a cocoa testing . We bought five cocoas , all but one organic and at least one fair trade . Then we each lined up five cups , added half and half to the five cocoas , and sipped . We both agreed that Green and Black was the best by far .
 I had been buying this chocolate for a few years and then my favorite store no longer carried it and I could not find it anywhere else . I am very happy that Amazon carries this . I use it for making the best chocolate cake I have ever made . Other chocolate does not taste as good or the same and everyone can tell when I use another kind in my cake . Also I sprinkle some in my blender shakes and it makes them taste wonderful .
 This is a delicious cocoa powder for baking or mixing into hot milk . It is unsweetened but has a slight natural sweetness . I have learned to enjoy it with any added sweetener , thus avoiding the calories of sugar and any possible side-effects of chemical sweeteners.I tend to get heartburn easily and this is one of only two cocoa products I 've found that do n't give me heartburn . The other is from a store that does not have a web presence and is not local to me , so for me it is worth paying extra to get this cocoa .
 Great rich and true clean chocolate taste . You can use this in your coffee , in recipes and for divine hot chocolate . If you have not tried the Chocolate Bars by Green and Blacks hunt them down.It is worth the search .
 This product is no longer sold in the USA . So I was glad to get it through Amazon . Most of the American cocoas that I 've seen are mixes which contain dairy . I lean towards veganism so this is the only type cocoa that I wanted to deal with . It took a while to get here . When it arrived the container had a bubble wrap on it , but the contaiher had been smashed and the can had a sizeable dent in it . If you bought this can in a grocery store , it would probably be reduced due to the container damage . It still seemed though that the contents inside the container had no outside exposure . So I did n't complain and just kept it . I 've used the product several times . It is a high quality cocoa . I 'm satisfied and will buy again when the time comes . I think the damage to the container was a one-time fluke . Accidents happen .
 I purchased this cocoa to blend into my daily afternoon smoothie -- just to try it . While I absolutely adore having it in my smoothie , that is like blending a fine wine with a spritzer . It 's overkill for my smoothie which is n't worthy of this cocoa powder . This cocoa power is absolutely beautiful and dark ; it 's very rich and very smooth . If I were making hand-made chocolates or a torte , this would be the cocoa that I would use . It really is a cocoa for cooks . It 's mind boggling . You receive a smallish amount , but again this is for judicious use and for making / baking a chocolate treat ... and a little goes a long way . A significant amount of an inferior cocoa powder could not hold a candle to the velvety smooth yet deep chocolate flavor of this cocoa .
 My husband loves this cocoa & has been using it for years . When it was no longer available from our normal supplier , we were delighted to find it on your website . It arrived safely & promptly , & would you believe , my husband is drinking a cup of Green & Black Organic Cocoa as I am typing this report . Thank you .
 As it says several times in the description these are dried fruits . It all depends on your taste , I like the crunchy stuff.If you 're thinking of getting these just read their info carefully , and check out some of the reviews for the other fruits these guys make .
 I 've finally upgraded to the 8 ounce tubs . My grocery store always runs out of cherries first and they only come in the 3 ounce size which does NOT fill my cravings . I adore these things . . I eat them like there 's no tomorrow even though they last forever . I just wish they sold them cheaper . . or a quantity discount price . It 's become the most exspensive food I eat . OH YEAH ! ! NO SUGAR , NOTHING ADDED JUST CHERRIES BOO YEAH !!
 I bought these after reading a few reviews , they were well worth it ! If you like things with a little tartness to them , these are it ! They have a nice crunch to them and are great for just snacking . They do n't leave your hands sticky or leave any stains . Even my 4 y.o. loves them , but they are n't a good idea for little ones who have trouble dealing with skins or are just beginning to eat solids . I highly recommend these and plan on buying more ASAP . Be prepared to go through these faster than candy ! lol .
 I bought these to see if I could tell the difference between a guava and a feijoa . Both look very similar . The feijoa had a hint of pineapple flavor while the guava had more of a pear taste . Both were delicious . However , I did have to pay for second day shipping since they are perishable , and I can not find them in any of my local markets . They were well worth the price . My whole family enjoyed them , too . Especially the fragrance ! They smell so fresh ! Ca n't wait to get some more . Thanks !
 I 've ordered it for my friend . She told me , that feijoas were fresh and tasty !
 This is sort of like a salty black licorice . It is not for everyone . In fact , most people who try it , do n't seem to like it -LRB- at least those in the U.S. -RRB- . They are great by themselves or with a beer .
 has always been one of my favorite kinds of salmiak licorices , its salty , and full flavored , this candy is a must for anyone that enjoy the strong taste of a ammonia salt , very long lasting and highly addictive .
 Great salty samiak taste on these Haribo Piratos . Wish only they could be sold in 5 or 10 packs . Highly recommend !
 This licorice is salty and just like back in Europe . This is the way licorice should be . Fast service and excellent product .
 I grew up with this kind of candy , and I absolutely love it , not many of my American friends like it , it is just too much for them , it has a strong flavor but if you like salty and something out of the ordinary , I dare you to try it : -RRB-
 The price is competitive and the beans are well cleaned . There is n't a large amount of husks left after roasting .
 great assortment of coffees ... Dark Magic is strong . I diluted a bit with hot water ... so I am using vermont blend now . great easy system . no waste anymore . just the right amount of coffee and convenience for my wife and I , so the 0.40 + per cup price almost becomes economical .
 The 25 pack of Dark Magic is better than the 18 pack - 7 K-Cups better . You just ca n't argue with 7 more cups of the deep , sensual burn that follows a mug of the Magic . If there were a 100 ct. pack , it might be illegal . In any case , once you have built yourself up , once you have been through the rigors of life , once you have been up all night debugging 60000 lines of PL/SQL , you will understand Dark Magic . Dark Magic already understands you . Drink up . Cheers .
 I bought this to take on a trip with friends who had grown up in 3 different decades . The box was nice enough to present as a gift . The candy was a huge hit . Everyone was so excited to search for their favorite candy . We were ordered to dig to the bottom for more candy cigs & atomic fireballs . It brought up lots of childhood stories and wonderful memories . These would be great hostess gifts or great gifts for a family member who grew up in a different generation .
 This fudge is so much fun and totally unique ... made to resemble the nostalgic flavor of orange and vanilla creamsicles . Order yours today !
 I bought a bunch of these for my mom so she can make persian ice cream . Received on time and package was very organized .
 Other brands contain potato starch . Somehow these mung bean threads fill me up more than oatmeal .
 these are really tasty . we make veggie stir fry and it is a great texture and gentle taste . very happy !! : -RRB-
 These noodles are almost a carbon copy of a snack that we ate while on holiday in Hawaii . They make a chicken stock with chunks of chicken , carrot , peas , ect . . I was very happy to have found these . Try them if you can .
 Ka-Me Bean Threads has a much better texture than those of cheap Chinese brands . I found Ka-Me at Kroger and then ordered whole lot from Amazon twice . Very happy with the online discount price . Will never go back to the cheap low quality Chinese brands .
 Hersey Ovation Mint Sticks are by far my most favorite type of mint sticks . The chocolate adds a sweet taste in your mouth and the mint taste lingers making this a great choice for mint lovers of all ages .
 The mints arrived on time , and extremely well packaged - an ice pack and well insulated . The folks with whom I shared them were delighted ! We had been a bit embarrassingly brash about taking some when offered , at a Vet 's Cafe in Branson , so it was fun to find them at Amazon and revive the memory . Will order another box to share when we get together again in Nov. 2013 ! Thanks . One can find almost anything on Amazon , and the service is phenomenal !
 Best chocolate mint ever ! Would order these over any other mint . I do beleive that every one should try them at least once .
 We had these at our wedding and they were great ! Everyone loved them ! Perfect Mint/Chocolate ! They came super fast ! I would most definitely order these again or recommend to a friend !
 My husband and I first discovered these after dinining at a local `` better '' restaurant . They really have an intense flavor . Honestly , ONE is completly satisfying . A `` serving '' is 13 , which I have NEVER consumed in one sitting . . 2-3 is the most I can handle and usually come away with felling somewhat decadent , they 're so rich ! After losing weight , I was searching for a `` diet-friendly '' chocolate , but the `` diet '' chocolate foods at the local grocers and via `` weight-loss systems '' just can not satisfy the palate ! Well THIS is for YOU . The flavor is TOTALLY CHOCOLATE-MINT and you will be completely satisfied with just a few ! Super high flavor and super LOW calories/carbs !
 My husband and I were at State Line Prim -LRB- Terrible `` s -RRB- casinos . We had a wonderful dinner at GP 's and they give us these yummmmmy little mint sticks as we left . They are very very good and refreshing .
 Absolutely , the best chocolate mint I have ever eaten . I was given the chocolate mint sticks ater my meal in a restaurant located in the Hershey Hotel in Hershey , PA. . Unfortunately , I have not been able to locate the mint sticks locally .
 Bought these for our church 's anniversary banquet . It was a great finishing touch . Received shipment in a timely manner .
 I ordered this popcorn to make party favors for my dad 75th birthday party and it turned out to be the best favor ever !! Everyone raved about how good it was and was amazed that I ordered it online . It was so good I wished I had some right now : - -RRB-
 great not the cheap kind - i bought the 6.5 gallon oneand has tons of caramel on the popcorn unlike cheaper products - brush brush brush LOLtaste and look fresh
 This is the tea served at many PF Changs restaurants.It is really fantastic . My favorite tea . The citrus and herbal notes are n't overwhelming .
 I personally love spice and I found just the right amount in this tea . It 's not too overpowering and it blends so well with the citrus undertones . I first tried it at P.F.changs and was so pleasantly surprised by the delicious taste . It can be sipped as is without any sweetener , but I add a touch of honey to enhance the spice that I so love ! It 's a perfect pairing with asian dishes or alone . Try it !
 I love this Tea . It tastes so good and really is a high quality tea . You wo n't be disappointed with any of the Revolution Teas ! Stock up ... Autumn is around the corner !
 Same tea they serve at PFChangs , great stuff . I order the 6 boxes at a time and give an extra box or two to friends and family as gifts .
 I had this tea at PF Changs and loved it . They gave me the name of the tea but I could n't find it locally . Ordered it through Amazon . It is the best herbal tea I have ever tasted .
 Just like the PF Chang 's citrus tea ! Taste is great , it 's good anytime of the day !
 Remember making `` Russian '' tea for your children during the winter by adding Tang and cinnamon to hot tea ? This is the grownup version of that with a pleasant flavor of citrus and a little spice , not really tea , but an infusion . I do n't like rooibos or rose-hip but this is fine . No sugar is needed because of the licorice.It comes in a fine mesh bag that will make a half a pot . I was a little skeptical when I first saw the few bits of dried scraps in the bag but they really puffed up in the water and came to life!Ingredients
 Remember Kool Aid ? You 'd better.It 's not too sweet . Not too bland either . It 's just good.Purple was the best , and the ads were even awesome . The Kool Aid man would burst into the childrens ' house uninvited and pipe out , `` OHHH YEAHHH ! '' Then the children would ritually drink from the Kool Aid man 's exposed head of liquid substenance , no doubt filled with bits of ceiling and abspestos.Yeah , good stuff . - Thus says the Pellington
 If you like licorice you will love this . If you think you dislike licorice you may be surprised . I could not care about organic vs normal but taste comparison reveals organic much better . This is due to very different ingredients and not just that they are organic .
 My husband is from Norway and misses his scandinavian black licorice . These fit that bill plus they are organic . Ca n't beat that !
 Boy are these things good . The innards melt down into pure sweetness , not unlike a mouthful of cotton candy , an irregular but constant reward for any consumer with the patience to allow it break down at it 's own rate.Here 's what I do . I bite off the top quarter or so , munch it , then let the remaining milk ball rest flat side down on my tongue , to dissolve from the inside out , leaving the last lingering tastes of maltose to be quickly chased by the collapsing chocolate outside . If you get really good , you can stick these in the freezer before hand and then really test how patiently you can eat these . With practice you can enjoy a single whopper for 30 minutes.I just saw a recipe on the internet
 Finally someone selling great coffee in an actual one pound package . The flavor is stronger than some might me used to , myself I 'm used to European coffees , so I like it strong . If you have an adjustable brew machine you might not want in on the strong setting .
 Love Verona coffee , or rather loved it , because Starbucks has decided to discontinue . But Amazon had one last -LRB- ? -RRB- bag , and we loved it . Starbucks now sells something called `` Verona Dar , '' which has a decidedly different taste.Amazon did what it could to find that last bag of the genuine Verona coffee .
 This tea is nice and strong with a good lemon flavor . It 's a nice afternoon pick-me-up . I love Revolution and Republic of Tea teas and this one did not disappoint . I still prefer Earl Grey in the mornings , but this tea will also hold up to cream .
 This is the best Champagne vinegar I have found . Most are so intensely sour , but this has a nice flavor . Just add a package of Stevia Sweetener , and the juice of an orange , and have a lovely fat free salad dressing .
 Great taste I made dill pickles with it fantastic ; would purchase again.Many thanks , I could not find in stores around me at all ...
 These are delicious teas in a beautiful , although wasteful presentation . Every bag is individually boxed and sealed and then the flavor samplings are in another paper `` box '' . Having said that , it is a nice way to share the teas for favors or gift bags or Christmas stockings .
 I have always wanted a Tea I could drink at night that would not wake me up at 3 in the morning . I have always liked Black Currant . So this was a win win for me . The tea is delicious .
 Usually , I am a Lipton , black tea kid of girl . But I must say that I LOVE this tea and I have to keep it stocked in my home at all times . I 've been enjoying this tea for over 2 years now . Tea drinkers will love it .
 This tea is wonderful - tastes good and the price is fantastic - I will be getting more .
 These snack bars are great . I am a diabetic and always looking for a good , healthy snack idea . My nutritionist recommended these because of the amount of protein & fiber they contain . She was absolutely right . They are very tasty and satisfying . If you are diabetic & looking for an alternative to fruit to hold you between meals give these a try .
 I love this Special Dark cocoa for BAKING , but NOT for hot chocolate . I have always kept regular Hershey 's cocoa powder in my pantry ; however , I used Hershey 's European Dutch Processed cocoa -LRB- silver can -RRB- for hot chocolate . It makes a much smoother and creamier drink . When I saw the Special Dark chocolate on the store shelf , I decided to buy it IN ADDITION to the one in the silver can because I love dark chocolate -LRB- the darker the better -RRB- . I used it to bake a cake and frosting for a family gathering . The cake & frosting was black , but was so delicious and moist . My family loved it , even though we all joked that we had never seen a black cake . In fact , a nephew who never eats cake ate three pieces ! When I went back to replenish my cocoa in the silver can for my nightly hot chocolate , the store said that it was no longer available and that the special dark cocoa had taken its place , using the same bar code . They are nothing alike , and I used them both for different things . I started mixing regular cocoa with special dark cocoa to make hot chocolate . It was better than using just regular cocoa alone , but not as good as the cocoa in the silver can . Later , when I went back to the store to replenish my special dark cocoa , that was no longer available as well . All that I seem to be able to get is the original regular cocoa . I 'm so upset . I do n't know why Hershey 's ca n't have all three . Each one was good for different things . I even called Hershey 's , only to get a weak , noncommital excuse with no solution . I noticed that only the original regular cocoa appears on Hershey 's website now.I am now going to try to find other brands at other stores and/or will order my cocoa online .
 Okay , this is a different cocoa from anything I 've ever had before . The first taste is a bit surprising , so it 's better just to think of it as its own thing and not expect it to taste like all the other cocoas you 've had . I loved to use it in cakes -LRB- I had to increase the flour a little in mine or drop the sugar because it made the already moist cake just too gooey otherwise -RRB- . I use the Cooks Illustrated recipe -LRB- 6 chocolate cakes , sour cream -RRB- , and with the special dark , it 's a family and neighborhood favorite . I also love that it turns icing nearly black . I 've gotten several commetns about how beautiful the cakes are made with this cocoa.Our favorite use though is in hot cocoa . I use 2tbsp cocoa powder with 1-2 tbsp sugar and add 8 oz of boiling water . We love it just to drink , it looks like the darkest cocoa ever , and is more like a coffee drink , grown up hot chocolate ... Our skeptical friends even love it , you should definitely give it a try !! We used to make the cocoa twice as strong , but found 2tbsp is enough for us because it 's a very strong cocoa.Here 's the kicker . It 's better for you ... in one cup of the cocoa above -LRB- with 1bsp sugar -RRB- compared to a cup of cocoa with the same recipe and regular `` natural '' hershey 's cocoa powder -LRB- note , it includes 2tbs of each and sugar , not the 1 tbsp on box -RRB- ________________ special dark _______________ regularcalories ... 95 ... 95g fat ... 1 ... 1g fiber ... 4 ... 2g protein ... 2 ... 2Iron ... 30 % ... 8 % with the twice as strong recipe , we were getting 60 % of our iron from each cup , which is amazing to me . Because of the fiber , my Mom can have this as a weight watcher 's drink too , I think she said it was 1 point .
 One of the few domestic Dutch-processed baking cocoas , Hershey 's European-style is excellent for the price . It is a dark roast similar to most Italian cocoas . I swear by it , and had to order a case from the manufacturer once for my family and friends cuz not many local grocery stores carry it . In this category , they usually sell only expensive imported products such as Droste , which is actually a medium-roast product , good but closer to plain cocoa . Dutch-processing brings out the full flavor of the cocoa bean , while cutting out the acidity . Sometimes it tastes better than pure chocolate , even though it contains virtually no cocoa butter . The higher price on imports -- at least double that for domestic -- reflects finer milling and perhaps a better quality cocoa bean , but alas , foreign cocoa is often stale . Hershey 's is always fresh , and any coarseness is negligible . Most importantly , it has a rich chocolate taste reminiscent of fudge . I for one ca n't tell the difference between it and gourmet brands .
 It appears that many people think that Amazon is charging almost $ 24 for one 8-oz . container . However , the way I read it , it is for six -LRB- 6 -RRB- 8-oz . containers . Is this true ? If so , it 's not much more than the store price .
 Forget the color ! This stuff is delicious ! My wife and I bought some at the Hershey factory when passing through last summer and have loved it . Just ca n't find it on the shelves here in rural Vermont . The best use
 Customs agents discovered an extra ingredient in a shipment of Hershey 's Special Dark Dutch & Natural Cocoa
 I have never seen the silver dutch cocoa - when I found this cocoa I bought it at Wal Mart and found it has a recipe for chocolate mousse on the back ! I have n't served it to anyone that did n't like it . I made it for the church 's thanksgiving dinner . I made some with cane sugar and some with splenda - it was a hit ! Instead of using the 2 cups of whipping cream , I use 1 cup of whipping cream and 1 cup of 1/2 n 1/2 and it turns out great . I get 4 oz plastic containers w / lids and that is what I put it in . - for a real treat - freeze the cane sugar ones and it is like a fudge cycle . Oh yea - when I make my cheese cake I make some mousse with the 2 cups of whipping cream -LRB- b/c it is thicker to begin with -RRB- and pour a layer over the cake , refridgerate it - cut it and serve it ! The last time I went to Wal Mart to buy it - they did n't have it so I went to Winn Dixie - then I found where I could order it from Amazon - I signed up for a regular shipment - there was no shipping for 6 . Comparable to the grocery stores
 I never had the Hershey 's silver label others are referring to , but I love this version.I like dark chocolate , so I thought I 'd try this for hot cocoa . Since it did n't have a recipe for that on it , I did n't make it , but made the cake and frosting recipe instead.People raved ! It was so dark it looked black , but we did n't care at all . The cake was moist and rich and the icing spread wonderfully.This will not be my last can of this stuff , and I 'm looking for other recipes for it .
 This cocoa is amazing with its wonderfully strong , sinfully good flavor -LRB- I never had the old type in the silver can , so I can not compare them -RRB- . Unlike others , I did not notice this to be bitter -LRB- and I used a lot in my recipe -RRB- . When my wife , who * is * Dutch , moved here , she was very disappointed with the cocoa we could find in the stores . I noticed that Ben & Jerry 's used alkali-processed cocoa , so I went looking for some and found this , and then made chocolate ice cream with it . Both my Dutch wife and I think it is the best chocolate ice cream ever . My recipe is below.Also , note that the item selling here is for SIX containers of cocoa -LRB- I paid $ 2.37 for one at Central Market -RRB- . Some reviewers think that the price is for only one container . If you ca n't find it elsewhere , this is still cheaper than the real Dutch cocoas.Dave 's Dutch Chocolate Extreme Ice Cream2 lg eggs500 ml heavy whipping cream -LRB- about 2 cups + 1 tbsp + 2.5 tsp -RRB- 250 ml whole milk -LRB- about 1 cup + 1 tbsp -RRB- 150 g sugar -LRB- 3/4 cup + 1/2 tbsp -RRB- 65 g dutch cocoa -LRB- 3/4 cup + 1 tbsp
 This is the best cocoa powder on the market , if you want to use dark,Dutch-processed cocoa . It is rich , yields smoothness and great flavorwhether in cocoa , fudge , cookies or cakes . I prefer it to Droste madein the Netherlands .
 I used to be a milk chocolate lover , but years ago I switched to dark chocolate after learning how much better it is for you . So , over time , I developed a taste for the dark chocolate and now , other chocolates just do n't seem strong enough ... Perhaps it 's like a person who prefers a strong cup of coffee over someone who wants a blond roast ? To me , the cocoa made from this tastes great ! I need to start using it more , however , because a 6 pack is going to last me a long , long time . If you blend in a couple tablespoons of this into packaged chocolate mixes for cakes or brownies or frosting , it 's an easy way to kick the chocolate flavor up a notch ! Most of all , I like that it does n't contain any sugar , like the chocolate milk mix , because I have to watch my glucose .
 I use the Special Dark cocoa in recipes and hot chocolate , and we love the full , dark , rich flavor . I was very disappointed when I tried to purchase more and found it unavailable .
 I think this cocoa makes a great blackout cake . Tasted very richly chocolate and had a great deep black color .
 This is a hard to find item in the stores . Dark chocolate powder is good for lots of things and this allows me to add artificial sugar to taste instead of calorie heavy sugar in pre-sweetened cocoa . Arrived quickly and well packed .
 For dieters and any chocolate lovers , this product will satisfy , and for only 5 calories per Tablespoon ! It 's very dark so it adds a richness to any baked recipe . Unfortunately it is not widely available in stores ... yet , at least . If you find it , stock up !
 Hershey 's Special Dark has a much richer taste than the regular . Great for hot cocoa . This product was REALLY hard to find .
 This stuff is fantastic , easy to use and comes in a good quantity . Has the BEST recipe for dark chocolate cake on the back label as well : -RRB-
 You can get this same product at Dollar General Store for 2 dollars a box . I just purchased 3 boxs this morning .
 This is the best variety of ribbon candy that I have found . It is available from a variety of sources before Christmas , and there is a significant variation in price . Christmas candy is fashioned to look like holiday ribbons , and is often used for a holiday decoration displayed in a glass container -LRB- preferable a shallow bowl -RRB- . The thin ribbon candy is fragile , and is easily broken , but pieces need to be broken off to eat the candy . If purchased in bulk , from a wholesale source , it can be used for a variety of purposes -LRB- customer and client promotions , distribution to groups of children , etc. . -RRB-
 My 93-year-old great uncle has been requesting ribbon candy for several years ! FINALLY was able to present him with several boxes at Christmas . He was tickled pink !
 When I first saw this , I did n't realize it was hard candy.Despite the fact that a few pieces were only slightly broken , I love it!Its a little hard to break apart and eat without it flying everywhere , but the colors are so pretty and each ribbon is tasty ! Even the peppermint , and I dislike peppermint.I really recommend you try this !
 Unfortunately some of the ribbons of candy were broken but you have to break off a piece to eat it anyways but the flavor was wonderful , full flavor , not just sweet sugar candy , the orange was my favorite .
 `` Christmas Thin Ribbon Candy '' from Sevigny is a real treat for all the senses ! It 's almost too beautiful to eat , but it is irresistible ! Delicious , colorful and wonderfully full-flavored , this candy even smells like Christmas ! Treasured memories come to mind as you slowly savor this scrumptious sweet . My whole family loved this candy , and we each had a favorite flavor . The box was quickly emptied , and even the smallest broken pieces and candy dust were eaten with glee . Reward yourself
 This candy not only tastes good but it is beautiful to look at . I display mine in an apothecary jar and they look amazing . I had a problem with breakage on the first order , but the company took care to send me a replacement and they are in great shape .
 After searching for a long time to find thin ribbon candy , I was rewarded via Amazon . When my package arrived it was in perfect condition , and there was very little breakage in the package . It was a treat to have something I enjoyed as a child , and was able to share with friends at work . I recommend this company to order from as it was prompt and I was pleased that the product was not damaged ... did expect some breakage as the nature of the product is fragile . Well worth the money !!! Christmas Thin Ribbon CandyIt shows I am in the Netherlands , but I am living in the US , as I moved back , and I do not know if they ship internationally for this product .
 These add such a festive touch to the holiday table . They look like beautiful stained glass . The stripes and rich colors are stunningI buy a box every year for the holidays.Not only beautiful , but just as delicious with a spicy and sweet taste .
 I bought this ribbon candy for a friend of mine who missed seeing any at Christmas time . It was a great hit ! The delivery was much quicker than expected and it was just delicious !
 These are so so so good that I actually ca n't buy them anymore . I eat the entire box in a day . The flavors are so good . Yes they are broken but that is how you are supposed to eat them for crying out loud , you ca n't complain about that !!! Now that I 'm writing this review I think I might order one more box . Maybe one box every other month
 Now , THIS is the ribbon candy I remember from my youth ! The family would gather at my Grandparents ' house , and there was always wonderful ribbon candy to eat before , during ad after opening gifts . That was on the East Coast , and over the years I forgot about this Christmas treat ... until I saw a box of ribbon candy at a local pharmacy . I was really excited to have found it , until I took it home and opened it on Christmas day . It was thick and practically `` impenetrable '' ~ nothing like the thin , crisp ribbon candy I remembered . Thank goodness for this brand -- It brings back wonderful Christmas memories of the past ... and adds such a nice touch to our Christmases each year !
 looked all over in the stores for this . glad you had it available . my friend loves ribbon candy and was surprised
 I tried several places to purchase the Toffee Bits but Amazon was the only place that had them and they arrived in a timely manner . I have a recipe that I make with the bits and they are a seasonal product in the grocery stores . So I was very happy to find them at Amazon .
 This really has helped me maintain a milk supply especially after going back to work.Would make an excellent shower gift !
 I love this tea ... I do add one splenda to it but that is my preference ! It really does work when promoting breastmilk and recently having my first boy I found it 's just not a bad idea . I 've been able to feed him and pump ! I was warned boys are big eaters and that has been proven right ... but I do n't worry because I have this tea and have suggested it to friends also .
 I believe the tea has helped with increasing my supply . I learned from another post , that the key is to drink plenty of fluids as well . I went from 8oz to 14.5 oz . I now have enough to breast feed and pump to build up my stash for when I return to work
 I like the taste . it helps me out a lot . i really was low on my milk supply drinking this particular tea has increased my milk supply .
 When I use this tea my breastmilk increased dramatically , wish I could purchase more and it does not taste bad !
 I love this tea it helped bring up my milk supply and it also tastes goodI think anyone who needs to boost there milk supply should buy this
 I got this because I was worried about not having enough milk for my son . I was able to see the effects of the tea within 24 hours ! I went from pumping 3 oz per breast every pumping session to getting 3.5 on day one , and 4 on day two ! My son has n't had any issues with this addition to my diet either.I was also worried about the flavor , because I do n't like fennel , but I can hardly taste it . You can smell it when it is brewing , but the flavor is very tasty , I just add some sugar . I looked at all of the different teas for nursing moms and picked this one because it looked like it would taste the best , and I am glad I ordered it ! I would recommend this to any mother looking to boost her supply .
 This tea tastes so much better than the other brands and works better for me . If I have three or four bags a day I get impressive results in 24 hours -LRB- I pump at work -RRB- .
 The flavor of this is very good . Not a strong potent after taste . Has a slight licorice-fennel flavor , but you can add honey to make it a bit more sweet if you want . It works very well for nursing mom 's . I found when I breastfed to have 2-3 cups of this tea a day . I had other supply issues so that is why I drank 2-3 cups . I 'm not sure of the recommended amount to have but it was a great tea to drink regardless of nursing !
 This product increased my milk supply by 2.5 times . Which shortend the amount of time I had to spend nursing by half ! Tastes pretty good too . I added honey to help cover the anise that I do n't care for .
 This tea is great , if you like chamomile and black licorice . The taste is not overwhelming , just hints of both flavors mixed with other subtle pleasant aromas . Since I 've started drinking Nursing mom 's tea , I have n't had any problems with my milk production . If you are up for some good relaxation , give it a whirl !
 I had a positive experience with this vendor . Everything was delivered as promised . The only way it could have been better was to get it for free .
 Neccos were probably one of my favorite candies as a kid . I found some in a drugstore recently and was surprised to see them still around . I then found out what a long history they had and decided to buy some in quantity . They taste just as good as I remember .
 I love these &#34; old-timey &#34; candy wafers . There is one local store that carries them , and it 's hit-or-miss if they have them in stock .
 We bought this product to use for making gingerbread houses for the holidays . we had over 40 people over to build gingerbread houses and our guests loved the candy provided for decorations
 These candies are yummy ! They 're like Pringles
 Reminds me of my childhood . My doggies also like them even though they should not have them . The 24 roles last a long time .
 I bought a box of these and divided them into CARE packages for my relatives . Upon seeing the Necco packages , EVERY person said -LSB- words to the effect of -RSB- , ` Neccos ! I love Necco wafers ! ' They all recalled them , and were not disappointed in the flavourful reminder from years gone by . As another reviewer stated , they are not quite as thick as they used to be , nor are they as intensely coloured , but who cares ? They are yummy . -LRB- Oh , and who remembers the Stark Candy Company ? -RRB-
 The first time I had the `` Original '' all natural Necco wafers , I was annoyed that they had lost some of the original color and had changed flavor a bit . -LRB- Change gives me a rash -RRB- So I read the label ... carefully . The `` All Natural '' is just that . Natural colors and flavors . Not chemistry . I am not a confectionery historian , but perhaps these actually are the 1845 original ? I have loved Neccos since my dad gave 'em to me as a small child . Those were the more colored ones of course . Nowadays , I frequently hear of different maladies connected to artificial food dyes , from allergies to ADHD , and more . This `` All Natural '' version of Neccos just might be the best thing ever for those suffering from such problems , and their parents . As for me , I am a person who vaguely remembers the lovely haze of the late ' 60 's and early ' 70 's , so `` all natural '' has a wonderful and wholesome ring to it . Regarding the debate of `` Bright colors and flavors '' vs `` All Natural '' ? I love 'em both , and devour them with delight ! Enjoy !
 I was paying $ 1.29 a roll for this candy and it 's my `` go-to '' at night watching TV . So I ordered a box , which makes it much cheaper by the roll . My biggest concern was whether or not it would arrive in good condition , or if the wafers would be broken . The box arrived in perfect condition . There are destinctly more flavors in these rolls of candy than the ones I was purchasing at the store . These have the pinks , greens , yellows , grays and whites and taste just like I remember them from many , many years ago . This is a really good buy .
 Just this summer I bought some Necco 's and shared them with my Granddaughters while they were visiting . They 'd never had them before and instantly loved them . Now I know I 'll have to have some on hand when they come back to visit again . These wafers have a taste all their own and has n't changed since I was a child . I still do n't like the black -LRB- licorice -RRB- ones . So , if you loved these as a child you 'll still love them . Please , share them with your grandchildren so they can enjoy them with you .
 I have loved the original Necco wafers for my entire -LRB- nearly 60 -RRB- years . When I ordered these , I expected the original color , flavor assortment that I remember from years past ... but I believe Necco must have changed somewhere along the way.They are paler in color & the flavors are NOT what they used to be.I do n't know if this is the fault of the seller , necessarily , so I do n't really blame them ... but Necco should really decide to stick with one or the other assortment . I have also recently received the original-style wafer -LRB- another order , months ago -RRB- & they were just fine.What 's the deal here ? Are they trying to change a classic ?? As far as shipping , prices , etc. , this company is excellent ... so in that , at least , there was nothing wrong ~ just that I wish they were not billed as the original Necco wafer ; something has changed them ... and NOT for the better .
 Necco wafers have been around since 1841 . That means you could eat the same candy Abraham Lincoln might have eaten . Enough reason right there , plus they are really good !
 I was amazed that I found out these have been around for over 150 years , kinda makes you realize these will probably be around forever then . I use to eat these as a kid and still do on occasion . The assorted flavors are interesting and honestly , I do n't think even after 10 years in storage the taste would be any different . If you hav n't tried them yet you should and if you had them but not in a while , try them again .
 Necco Assorted Original Candy Wafers 24 rolls . Packed very well . Shipped promptly . Product had no broken pieces which is a plus ! Great flavors . Thank you !
 If you are a fan of salty/sweet combinations , you will love this Dark Chocolate Pretzel Bark . Be forewarned though , it is addictive !
 I LOVED these things as a child & was so happy to see them more available . I have a weird addiction to sweet gum , so these are perfect . Might be weird for someone who has n't tried them before , they 're hard & turn into a very chewy almost stiff gum . Mine never really make it that for though , because I swallow my gum , bad I know !!! good thing I shared these ...
 If you are a fan of salty/sweet combinations , you will love this Dark Chocolate Pretzel Bark . Be forewarned though , it is addictive !
 very good chocolate and more convenient then eating it from teh bars can be put into pancakes and cookies and eaten right out of the bag no mess and easy to take on trips
 If you are a fan of salty/sweet combinations , you will love this Dark Chocolate Pretzel Bark . Be forewarned though , it is addictive !
 They arrived quickly in perfect condition , large plastic container that contains two flavors of the lollies , bulk - not individually wrapped . They bring me back to my youth . yummy
 I like these lollies because they are very delious . although it says that they are 6 pounds ... . and are only 56 ounces witch is not six pounds ... . six pounds would be 96 ounces not 56 . But it does say that there are 200 lollies and they are correct . I am very happy with this product because they are delious and amazon has a good deal for them . Other places i have gone it cost 4 $ for 10 of them which is 40 cents apiece . If you buy them on amazon there around 10 cents apeice which is a very good price . This is also a candy that will no go bad so you do not have to worry about an experation date of which they go bad in the near future .
 I really liked this product . It came quickly and was packaged nicely . We LOVE them and are very happy with our purchase .
 The Double Lollies were a nice treat in the afternoon to give a bit of a sweet and tart sugar jolt . Each lollipop was unwrapped making them easy to grab . The entire batch was of good quality . We plan on purchasing these again .
 Loves these pops as a kid . Glad I found them at a good price . I will enjoy sharing them with my nephew .
 just like being a kid again eating these lolli pops . they are sugary goodness . there are a lot of pops so i share them with my co workers .
 I wanted to try one bag 1st . I eat sushi and thought I would try this product for a little dose of wasabi on my days off . It gives a blast of taste and then it is over . It is not over whelmingly hot , but nice . I was happy to see there was no trans fat in the product . My friend from Oklahoma said she liked these , but I could not find them . Someone from Japan gave them to her . She is really picky , so I thought if she liked them they must be great . She is not really very experimental and I love all kinds of things . I like them . They are good . I like them better than some of the more expesive wasabi snack products I have tried from eden foods . I like the pea form . These peas are addictive . When I ran out I thought I was going into shock . I kept craving them . I buy more now that I like them .
 The product is excellent . Tasty , crunchy , hot as wasabi can be , but the hotness desappears just in time to grab another handfull . People who like Japanese food will certainly enjoy to nibble Kasugai .
 I have eaten many pounds of these peas and they are the BEST ! I have also tried several other brands - they ca n't compete with the genuine Kasugai brand . Target 's are horrid - burnt until browish , wasabi falls off and lousy flavor , taste burnt and wasabi tastes like American Horseradish , it probably is . Sun-Luck 's have a strong Nutra-Sweet flavor , ewww . Kusugai have a nice roasted pea flavor and a real nice wasabi * bang * !! that quickly fades , leaving you none the worst for wear and wanting more . Honestly , I have tried about 5-6 different brands and none of them can compete . Grab a bag and get hooked -
 Well . There must be some reason why you want to buy comparatively expensive wasabi peas . A longing for a specific `` taste '' of Taiwanese style peas , the need/desire to have a gluten free snack . So , I 'm going to assume that you 've already assessed how much these peas are worth to you ... and are seriously thinking about buying them anyway.These peas do the job . They are good quality peas . Crunchy . The wasabi flavor is good ... a nice bite , but not too much . And they are visually appealing . Its not a huge amount ... there are `` 30 packets '' , but those packets are small -- like airline peanuts small . So , they are best savored rather than gobbled ! * The basic ingredients list is in English , but there is no English information about cross-contamination , etc. . . so if you have actual celiac disease and do n't read Chinese , this is probably not the product for you . But if you just want something that is wheat free , these are great !
 I 've been eating Wasa Crisp Bread for the past 10 years with cream cheese , jam , ham , and other toppings for breakfast and sometimes dinner . It is quite filling despite being so light . I like the Multigrain the best because it feels and tastes more substantial than the others . Some people complain that it is too hard - but that 's how it is . That is the reason it is so good - it feels like toast , but you do n't have to toast it . It is not rock hard , just hard enough so that you use your teeth . Even my 16 month old son eats it ... So if you 've only eaten soft Wonder Bread all your life this might not be for you.Another advantage is that it lasts a long time unrefrigerated -LRB- just keep it in a zip lock to avoid bugs -RRB- so is very practical to have around for a quick meal . I suggest using a tray to put butter and cheese on it , otherwise it will break if you use an uneven plate .
 I am addicted to Wasa Crispbread Multi-Grain and you will be too . Very Crisp and hearty flavor . A healthy product with no saturated or trans fat . and only 60 calories per portion . The other Wasa products are also worth a try - especially Sesame .
 I like all the Wasa crackers , but this crispbread is truly tasty . I like that it is made with 4 whole grains , and it is an excellent carrier for peanut butter , cottage cheese , or whatever you want to put on it . Also , when you bite it , it does n't break into a million pieces . Good stuff .
 For those who want to eat clean , I suggest to use other Wasa crispbreads -LRB- eg , sourdough crispbread -RRB- . While the sourdough crispbread only uses whole grain rye flour , rye flour , water , yeast , dry sourdough , and salt - the multigrain crispbread ingredients include malt extract and emulsifiers .
 Wasa Crispbread , Multi Grain , 9.7-Ounce Boxes -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB- Disclaimer
 Originally looked to buy the WASA Light Rye , but it was out-of-stock . So , bought the Sourdough Rye and Multi Grain instead , and glad I did because they have broadened my selection of favorite WASA brand crispbreads . And while I normally avoid products with yeast , I feel that the toasty crispness of the Multi Grain has neutralized any negative aspects -LRB- that yeast is a negative is my story , and I 'm stickin ' to it ! -RRB- that may be derived from containing yeast . As for varied uses , it 's equally great for strengthening the teeth -LRB- and should be a great weight loss adjunct because it is not easy to eat fast , and requires some mastication which should satisfy the need to have eaten -RRB- when eaten as a cracker , or mechanically grinding to a pouder for use to coat salmon coquettes . Oh , some more good news is that moths will try to eat through a package of rye crispbreads , which means what 's inside is edible for humans too . I keep mine stored in the freezer because it is so valuable . Should be a good nutrient source in case of prolonged emergencies as well . Still my preference among all the WASA crispbreads is the light rye . Only 2 ingredients , rye flour and sea salt . Just give me the simple life ... without the two accompanying airheads , that is .
 A buddy of mine told me about these and so I bought a pack of these for 5 bucks at whole foods . They were pretty awesome but the price was a big turn off . Here on Amazon , they are very reasonably priced . I eat 2 of these crackers every day with peanut butter and honey and its my treat while at work . The taste and `` stale cracker taste '' may turn off many , but they are a great source of fiber .
 Like this for a healthy crunchy snack . Have eaten this for years . Grocery store stopped carrying it so have to order off the net now .
 My husband and I love Wasa Crispbread . I found it available at Amazon , com at amuch better price than in the supermarket so I bought a case of 12 packs . Just great !
 I 'm trying to get more whole grains in my diet , and try as I might , I detest whole grain bread . These crackers are a wonderful substitute - crisp and pretty tasty as well ! I love them with cheese . The only reason I knocked off a star is once you unwrap the package , you really need to put the whole thing in a Ziplock bag . There 's no way to reseal so they stay fresh .
 Best price for Wasa Crispbread , Multi Grain , 9.7-Ounce Boxes -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB- is to order through Amazon.com `` Subscribe & Save Items ''
 Love spreading butter or some good cheese on the top . Not much better way to get your fiber and have a decently nutritious snack during the workday ! And , it 's good with some nice imported BEER !!!
 The ONLY way for me to buy them anymore ! They worked out to be 2.00 or soa package . These are getting hard to find locally ... so Amazon came to myrescue . PLUS so far have not seen any breakage ... they were boxed good forshipping to the house .
 Do n't wait ! I bought my first Wasa Multi Grain , had never heard of them before . They put nabisco and keebler to SHAME.If you like homemade whole wheat bread , then this is the food you 've been looking for . Yes , they are HARD but they make you chew , -LRB- remind me of the old teething biscuts I used to make for my toddlers back in the 70 's -RRB- but that is n't a bad thing ! I keep a pack here by the computer for snacking . I also use them as a soup cracker.Just no `` junk '' in these ! Order them ! : -RRB- Mine were packaged just fine , if there were any crumbs . . all the better for my soup bowl !
 Healthy , low calorie , nutrient dense , all natural , crispy , and delicious . For me it 's the perfect cracker .
 Tea was very fragrant with strong smell of chocolate and mint . Could not have been more pleased .
 I had these noodles as a child and have not had them since . My mom used to make them after my grandfather had lived in japan . This noodle has a good body and taste . I boiled them and then put them in miso . Not the tradional way , but very tasty . I am glad I have found these noodles again . I am used to eating whole grain noodles , so these were just thinner and really good . I plan to make some up with the seaweed mix next time . They come in nice little bundles and I just made 1 bundle . I figured that must be a serving .
 I just recenty discovered how to cook soba noodles at home . These noodles are great . I love the texture and the taste is wonderful .
 The mini nerd candies are all stuck to a cherry colored gummy rope . This a long rope you can twist , swing around or hang from the ceiling for a party . Well , OK , it wo n't last that long but you could possibly use these as Christmas decorations on a tree like a string of popcorn . Sweet , sour , crunchy and delicious . Candy for when you want to feel like a kid again . ~ The Rebecca Review
 This 6-Pack sampler lets you savor 6 different tastes of the Caribbean Rum Cakes ! Truthfully , I like every single flavor . I was thinking that the Key Lime would be absolutely sickening but it turned out to be my favorite one . These cakes will appear small to you but I reccomend buying this instead of one 33oz cakes incase you may not like that flavor . With this sampler you get to try each one and decide which is your favorite , which then you can go ahead and purchase the 33oz of whatever flavor is your liking.Overall - EXCELLENT -LRB- If you like Rum -RRB-
 When I went to Barbados and discovered these rum cakes I never thought I 'd eat them again unless I went back to Barbados.These are the best rum cakes I have ever had -LRB- and I am Caribbean . -RRB- They taste great and are a wonderful gift at Christmas for co-workers , people who drop by , and neighbors . I even gave one to the maintenance person who came to fix my oven the day before Christmas.Do yourself a favor , order a lot and keep them around . I will warn you now ... it is hard not to eat them yourself .
 It 's hard to tell from the picture , but all six cakes come in lovely -LRB- individual -RRB- hexagonal boxes . I split up the set into six small gifts . Each cake is very small -LRB- serves 2 and no more -RRB- but very fresh and wonderful .
 For anyone whose been to Grand Cayman and wanted to bring rum cakes back for friends and family , this is a less expensive way to do it . Save the hassle of carrying on the plane . Price is right . Same stuff .
 My husband was given a piece of this wonderful cake in his office and came home raving about it . He asked me to find it on the web and to order it . I found it on Amazon.Com and hoped it was the same one . Received it and found it to be so moist and tasty . We had ordered the smaller 6 pack mix , to try the different kinds so that in the future , wecan order our favorite one in a larger box.Thank you Amazon.Com for making it easier for us ... Linda DiazNJ
 After visiting the Cayman Islands on a cruise and coming back with just one pack of Tortuga chocolate cake , I decided to get this 6 pack to give friends and also try the key lime and original golden cakes . Key lime was definitely much better than I expected.Note that the individual cake packets are not suited for more than 2 people.Price for this 6 pack on the cruise ship was $ 25 + , about one $ less than what Amazon carries this for .
 These cakes are so good and moist . I suggest having a glass of milk with them or you might have a hard time talking . The rum is strong but it is nice and smooth . The cake is sweet and creamy . I have only tried the ` Golden Original ' so far , the other 5 flavors sound really good , and I ca n't wait to open them up.These are packaged beautifully , and would make great gifts as well . The cakes are roughly the size of a really fat donut . They are perfect to split with someone else . I would n't suggest eating the entire sampler box of 6 , you might get more than a buzz from these . So you probably should n't bring these to work , or you might get in trouble.I will definitely order these again , or probably a larger cake next time .
 Great product for the price , better price than other sites , fast delivery , and exactly what I expected .
 I first purchased these when we were in Jamaica a few years ago . A friend brought one back from Jamacica a couple of months ago and reminded me of how good they are . I ordered the six pack to give some as gifts , but ate the key lime and pineapple . They were both delicious , very moist .
 We love the Cayman Islands and this rum cake brings back great memories ! They are the exact ones we get while on vacation and they are so delicious ! Each cake is enough for two people and they are extremely moist and flavorful ! Anyone is sure to enjoy these cakes .
 The cakes were super ! When I opened one of the bags , all I could smell is strong rum , and I was a bit taken back , but the taste is phenomenal . I highly recommend these , especially warmed with vanilla ice cream . I 'm thinking about buying larger ones for family gatherings and parties .
 These are the best rum cakes . All the flavors taste great . You can not go wrong with Tortuga rum cakes .
 These cakes were really good and small enough that you got a taste and did not have to eat a large cake .
 These are excellent products . I use them often for gifts . Everyone who has gotten them has given rave reviews .
 I and my Husband go to Jamaica every 7-9 months so we love to pick up special things like this or Blue Mountain coffee each and every time . We recently ran out of all of our frozen goodies so we got these . We are normally creatures of habit but figured this would be a good way to try other flavors . Some of them -LRB- that I was n't used to -RRB- seem extra rum infused than other and the `` flavor '' of each one was n't as strong as I would have liked but they are still yummy . If you LOVE rum though ; you will LOVE these .
 I order at least six to eight of these each year as Christmas gifts and people look forward to receiving them . Its hard to keep one for myself . Last year I was n't able to buy enough through Amazon due to a shortage .
 I buy this every year for my dad 's birthday . Thankfully I found it here on Amazon this year . My previous suppliers stopped carrying this product . These cakes are so delicious and my father really looks forward to receiving them every year . This last time I called to see if he got the cakes and the card I mailed out . He said I got the cakes and that 's all that mattered . lol !
 Very tasty but I first tried Bacardi 's rum cakes and they are just a touch better.Still a delicious option !
 Put this item on your list of `` never-fail gifts for a person I must remember who is a bit difficult to buy for and , oh no , it is only a few days before the birthday/occasion ! `` I am one of those persons who , sadly , finds myself in the above situation more frequently than not . Most recently , I needed something for my Dad , who lives 1000 miles away . This is the same brand he had purchased while on a cruise , so I knew it would be welcome -- tasty and a source of nice memories too ! And what could be better than six different flavors , each in a size quite suitable for a single person . The package arrived in 2 days , nice and fresh and yummy thanks to my Amazon Prime delivery .
 This is sooooo good ! I shared a bit of the coconut one the other day and now , I have to hide it when I bring it into the office 'cause I will get trampled . I have loved Tortuga rum cakes for a long time and now that you can buy them on Amazon at an AMAZING price it saves me the trip down to the Caribbean to pick them up :-RRB- Highly recommended ! Only rum cake I like .
 Bought this as a gift for my aunt - cheaper here on amazon than on the company website , and I got the free shipping . She loved it , and I loved how it had all the different flavors . Great gift for anyone who is a rum , cake , or tropical island fan = -RRB-
 I recently purchased this same 6-pack while on my cruise to George Town , Cayman Islands . This price is cheaper than what I paid in the Tortuga shop on the island . All of the flavors are very good . I suggest to get the sampler to preview all of the flavors before spending $ 30 plus for the larger cakes in case you do n't like the flavor . The Original and Banana are my favorite . Great gift idea for any occasion .
 This is the best rum cake ! I got some in Grand Cayman when I went on a cruise several years ago . My favorite is the original flavor , but the variety pack is awesome for trying a little of every flavor . Highly recommended !
 I bought the Tortuga Rum Cake six-packs when I vacationed in the Bahamas and gave them as gifts to friends and family . I also kept a six-pack for myself . The different flavors , ie . chocolate , coconut , banana , key lime , and pineapple are just delicious !
 This product was fantastic . It was exactly the same as when I purchased them on cruise to bermuda . The rum cakes arrived perfect , fresh and delicious . Would definitely order them again . The chocolate and banana are family favorites .
 First when it arrived everyone on the house were like ... hey why did you ordered this cake form internet . . asking if i was crazy or something . . but after i openen one of the cakes put it in a plate and shared it with the family . . everyone was amazed , they thought it was delicious , it really melts on your mouth . Then everyone was writting down the name of the cake . . they asked me where did i got it from so they could purchase it too .
 Hi - I was very pleased with my purchase of this rum cake package . All the flavors were good , but I was very pleasantly surprised by the Keylime flavor . It was a big hit at the dinner table with my family members . The other flavors were also excellent . The product arrived quickly and was very fresh tasting . Great Job and highly recommended . JT
 I gave these cakes as a gift and they were a big hit . The couple I gave them to said they loved that they are individually wrapped so they could bring one on a hike .
 I will never purchase this product again . I started out with a single cake that I planned to share . Before I knew what was happening the whole thing was gone . The same thing happend with the second , then the third , etc.It 's not possible to have just a piece , or just a single cake . You WILL be stricken by guilt as you take the last bite . You WILL spend hours in the gym as penance for your transgressions.I can no longer put myself through this and will simply refrain from purchasing this product in the future .
 I discovered these rum cakes while in Grand Cayman and regularly buy these for hostess gifts , party favors , holiday gifts , etc. . The quality of packaging , taste and texture makes this a constant go-to for small gift giving.P.S . The rum content is not very high , so the scent nor taste is overwhelming of alcohol . However , the different flavored cakes really have a prominent taste .
 Great variety of island flavors ! I would recommend it ! Arrived packaged individually and very fresh ! Ca n't wait to have more !
 She said these cakes were outrageously good . She really liked having a different cake to share with her hubby each night until they ran out . I personally have had the rum cake and loved it . Best Run Cake ever I thought .
 These cakes are quite good . The six pack is a good way to test out the flavors ! Very moist and flavorful . A little pricy but worth it
 I have been a lover of this rum cake for years , ever sense I vacationed on Gand Cayman Island.The very best !
 Recently went to the Bahamas and saw these cakes in the airport . I would like to have brought some back for gifts , but was really out of room in the suitcase . Did a search on amazon and found these for less than what I would have paid there , so ordered them and handed them out for &#34; souvenirs &#34; . Much better than carrying them back ! Kept one for ourself and it was very good and fresh .
 Each flavor is just as good as the other . Would give 5 stars if not for the price .
 I love these cakes.They taste great ! and I give them as gifts as well . The Six-Pack lets you sample several different flavors .
 Very fresh . Rum is STRONG so more of an adult treat . This is a good way to sample and decide which flavor you like the best . I will buy again .
 Went to Jamaica and forgot the rum cake so I ordered the same brand I saw on the ship these are DELISH !!!
 Bought this so I could taste the cakes before giving the larger ones for thank you gifts . I was very pleased . They taste fabulous , moist and essence of the rum is surely there !!
 great deal ! The rum cakes were very fresh and tasted great ! I am glad that I made the purchase : -RRB-
 So delicious !! These are the best rum cakes ever !! First time we ever had them was in the Bahamas . It 's so good to know I can order and enjoy them anytime .
 4 pkg variety pkg of the different flavors of Tortuga Rum cakes . Very tasty I must say . I am still very particular to the original cake though .
 very good fresh and worth buying when you forgot to bring someone something from the Islands!Tortuga Original Caribbean Rum Cake , 16-Ounce Cake
 This is a great way to try the different flavors and enjoy really nice cake . Some flavors were better than others -LRB- surprisingly , I found the regular flavor to be the best -RRB- but all the cakes were moist and delicious . The taste of rum is prominent , but not overwhelming . I would recommend this to any one and suggest that they would make wonderful and unique hostess gifts .
 IN A NUTSHELL
 We have used Colavita olive oil now for many years and have always found it to be an excellent oil for use in cooking and on salads . It has an nice flavor and is far superior to other oils we have tried in the past . I am looking at a partially used bottle as I write this review ; I will also add we have a new unopened bottle in the pantry in reserve.Colavita Olive Oil is made in Italy by the Colavita family who has shipped this product to the USA for nearly 30 years according to the label . The label provides additional important information about this olive oil in that it is extra virgin and first cold pressed.I have read in a number of publications that these qualities are important when one is selecting an olive oil . My wife is our nutritional expert and always specifies this brand of olive oil only.As a husband and consumer of salads and various other assorted foods which benefit from olive oil I can testify that it has a great flavor as far as olive oils go .
 QUALITYIn my opinion , having used a dozen or so brands of olive oil , Colavita is simply the best reasonably priced olive oil which is widely available . I 've been using Colavita for several years now , and have never been dissappointed . Colavita is excellent quality , dependable , and reasonably priced -- the perfect combination for a daily general purpose olive oil.FLAVORAlthough not an `` olive oil gourmand '' , I 'd describe Colavita as `` rich and smooth '' . Connoisseurs probably have other silly terms for the flavor , such as `` nutty '' or `` fruity '' -LRB- but a `` civilian '' would never describe the flavor as nutty or fruity -RRB- . It is not spicy like Whole Foods 360 , and NOT strongly `` olive-oily '' -LRB- i.e. , `` herby '' -RRB- . Colavita is an evoo -LRB- `` extra virgin olive oil '' -- to us non-olive oil snobs -RRB- , which means `` first pressing '' . Most olive-oil nuts consider the words `` extra virgin '' to be sacred . Practically speaking though , the mere label `` extra virgin '' is not a guarantee of quality -- most grocery store brands -LRB- evoo or not -RRB- are harsh and bitter , but some are good cooking oils.PREMIUM OILSBotique premium oils are are as variable year to year as wines , comparably expensive , and have to be bought the way you buy fine wine -LRB- that is , ideally at tastings , where you confirm the quality and flavor before purchase -RRB- . Some are genuinely -LRB- as in NOT-gourmet-speak -RRB- buttery and nutty -- great for dipping . Some taste like the fragrance of flowers -- great for salads . Never cook premium olive oil -- use it for dipping or drizzling , or on delicate salads . Colavita is a very good general purpose oil , perhaps the best common grocery store olive oil , but is not quite a premium oil.Although heresy -LRB- comparable to suggesting fruit wines to a wine connoisseur -RRB- there are inexpensive alternatives to premium botique olive oils , including pumpkinseed , almond , sesame , and walnut oil . I particularly love pumpkinseed oil as a dipping oil -LRB- by itself , no vinegar , and with a little salt -RRB- . The following are examples -- I ca n't vouch for the specific brands as they are different from what I use.Styrian Pumpkinseed Oil 8.45 oz , Pure Almond Oil 300ml , Kadoya - Pure Sesame Oil 5.5 Oz. ,100 % Natural Walnut Oil , Cold Pressed 16 fl oz -LRB- 474 ml -RRB- LiquidCOOKING OILNon-extra virgin olive oils -LRB- second or later pressings -RRB- are usually darker and stronger flavored -- which adds depth and complexity to soups , sauses , stews , chili , casseroles , bean dishes etc. . I add 1/4 to 1/2 cup of olive oil to such dishes . Unless you particularly want the dish to taste `` olive-oily '' -LRB- I never do -RRB- , cook the oil WITH the dish . However , olive oil can `` go bad '' -- so unless you use alot , it does n't sense to use a different cooking oil than you use on salads , for dipping etc. . Colavita is a very good general purpose oil , and therefore a good cooking oil . `` Cooking '' does NOT mean `` frying '' with ANY olive oil . Because of the low smoke point -LRB- i.e. , olive oil burns at a low temperature -RRB- olive oil is NOT suitable for frying . That said , you can carefully fry an egg in olive oil at a low temperature -LRB- and honestly , good fried eggs swimming in good olive oil are wonderful -RRB- . But you can NOT fry meat nor deep-fry anything . The best frying oil is peanut oil . Canola is a good frying oil and is particularly healthy . Like olive oil there is variation in the brands . Peanut oil should be slightly nutty , but not peanutty . Canola oil should be flavorless.DIPPING OILTraditionally -LRB- and in the best restaurants -RRB- , Italian bread , oil and balsamic vinegar is served as an appetizer . The diner usually mixes his own oil and vinegar at the table . Albeit probably heresy , you can subsitute other premium types of vinegar -LRB- such as wine vinegar , rasberry vinegar , or even apple vinegar -RRB- or fresh lemon juice . I usually add a few drops soy sause or Braggs for saltiness and richness to the mixture.Bragg Liquid Aminos , Natural Soy Sauce Alternative , 32-Ounce Bottle , -LRB- Pack of 3 -RRB- Colavita is a very good `` everyday '' dipping oil.SALAD OILThe requirements for an `` everyday '' salad oil are a little less stringent than that for a dipping oil , because the heavy flavor of the vinegar , and often pamessan , bacon bits , etc. usually dominate . However , I rarely use oil and vinegar the traditional way . For everyday salads -LRB- or as a dip for raw vegies -RRB- I prefer olive-oil based mayo with a little freshly ground pepper , and some citrus zest . For special salads , I use a seed or nut oil or a fruity premium olive oil -LRB- and just a hint of lemon and/or orange juice and zest -RRB- . Colavita is a very good `` everyday '' salad oil . If you are not familiar with fresh citrus zest -LRB- wonderful stuff -RRB- , the tool to use isMicroplane 40020 Classic Zester/GraterDRIZZING OILA drizzling oil is an oil you pour over a dish immediately before serving , or which you serve in a carafe on the table . If you REALLY like the flavor of `` ordinary good '' olive oil -LRB- I do n't -RRB- -- then you will find Colavita to be a good drizzling oil . My hispanic wife frequently drizzles Colavita on the dishes I 've cooked -LRB- with Colavita -RRB- , because she likes the olive-oil flavor . By the way , the same principle applies to the use of butter , pepper , garlic , cheese , even soy sause -- if you want the flavor to dominate , add it just before serving ; if you want the flavor to be subtle , cook the seasoning with the dish . For most dishes I prefer a rich blend of subtle flavors.HEALTHY COOKINGI go to a great deal of effort to minimize animal fat in my diet , by very strict trimming , thorough cooking , and by chilling broth to remove the solidified fat . However , the body needs fat and craves fat . The ideal solution is to replace animal fat with healthy vegetable oils . Olive oil is ideal for the purpose . Canola is better , but is essentially flavorless.My Southern grandmother could not cook any vegetables without a thick slice of fatback -LRB- fatty bacon -RRB- -- and indeed her vegetables were very tasty . Speaking of which , what is the point of healthy vegetables if no-one will eat them ? The solution is to add several tablespoon fulls of olive oil , and just a teaspoon of chipped hamHormel Premium Real Crumbled Baconto the vegies . For the best flavor , cook the vegies with the olive oil -LRB- do NOT add oil to the cooked vegetables -- unless you really like the flavor of the oil -RRB- . Season as necessary with pepper and fresh lemon juice . Truly delicious vegetables are possible -- I eat them daily.ECONOMYIt has been about a year since I 've purchased Colavita because I can buy a better but obscure brand -LRB- Bella Famiglia -RRB- locally for $ 12 per 17oz bottle . The 34 ounce tins of ColavitaColavita Extra Virgin Olive Oil , 34-Ounce Tins -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- are about half the price of the bottle per oz at this time , but is still expensive for the quality , particularly with the shipping charge . The tins are small enough to use directly . But I prefer bottles , because controlling the flow of the oil is easier -LRB- since you can see the oil approaching the spout -RRB- , and it is easier to gauge the amount of oil I 'm using by eye -LRB- how far the level drops in the glass bottle -RRB- . So , I refill bottles from the tins . I 've been told that olive oil stays fresher in tins -LRB- measured in months and years -RRB- That becomes relevant when you do n't know how many months -LRB- or even years -RRB- a bottle may have sat on a grocery shelf.GENERAL RECCOMENDATIONThe price of many items , including Colavita vary wildly on Amazon , sometimes from day-to-day . Sometimes it is available directly from Amazon with free shipping , sometimes not -- which makes a big difference in the total coat . After major grocery shopping expeditions , sit down at your computer with your reciept , and check if you can buy any of the non-perishables through Amazon . When you find items -LRB- even if more expensive than you just paid -RRB- , put the item on your Amazon wish list , and add a note to the wish list of the price you just paid . Check your wish list frequently , and when you see an item you need at a bargain price , buy it .
 This popcorn is incredibly tastey and addictive . I shipped it to myself in Afghanistan ... the company ships VERY quickly , always reinburses shipping costs if they can ship it out cheaper than quoted on amazon ... and all of their popcorn is absolutely delicious . I got sent an incorrect order one time and they imediately sent out the correct item , let me keep the wrong flavor , and put in a hand written apology note . Absolutely excellent customer service.This particular flavor is pretty addictive ... the white chocolate compliments the caramel really well . I have to force myself not to eat the whole bag in a couple of sittings . Very few little popcorn bits , mostly big fluffy excellent kernels .
 My mother inlaw got ahold of this somewhere a year or so ago . I love this seasoning . i use on lots of stuff not just fajita . its good on hambergers , steak , shrimp etc. when grilling its a must have . be careful though it does have a lot of pepper but i love spicy .
 This is the best seasoning for fajitas , tacos , and much much more ! Not too salty and just enough kick ! Wo n't use anything else .
 I just love this stuff . Put it on everything . Best meat tenderizer on the planet . You can put it on fried potatoes , veggies , homefries , chicken , steake , ribs . Thanks so much . Made my day
 Nothing much to say . Same as last time . Too bad the price could n't be cheaper .
 Having trouble recently finding the Equal Spoonfuls in the big canister . Found it at Amazon for a good price - but had to buy 8 .
 What can I say ? It 's Equal . I use a little in my cereal every morning . That 's about it , but much prefer it to the other sweeteners . No more than I use , I could probably use sugar.Haven ' t been able to find it in stores lately , so was pleased to find it here .
 We could no longer find this item at our local supermarkets . So glad we found it here . Who wants to open packets ? Lol !
 I am so happy I found something with no after tast to me . I am dieabetic and it is so nice to be able to carry the dispencer with the tablets and no mess in my purse . Equal has made life a little easier for me , I wish more stores would carry your Equal , but as long as I can get it I am happy . . I also use Equal in the jar for home use , Thank you , , , Ruth Hyatt
 I can not find the 8 oz container of Equal in the grocery stores so I purchased it on Amazon which is easy and it is delivered right to my door .
 I have used Equal sweetener for a long while and have been really annoyed by the tiny blue paper packages which find their way everywhere . This bulk package is more like a sugar bowl which you can spoon out . Much more convenient.The annoying blue packets are gone .
 I love the taste of Equal spoonful . It works better for me than the packets because I use it instead of sugar on my cereal and fruit . I am so happy that I found it here on Amazon - free shipping too!Thanks Amazon !
 This is a great product - dissolves easily , tastes great , can be used in drinks , on fruit , anytime you would wisely prefer not to add unnecessary sugar to your body - even if you are not trying to lose weight . And it saves money to buy in larger size canisters
 When Equal Spoonful disappeared from all the supermarkets in my town , I got desperate . I use it to make a wonderful low-calorie hot chocolate mix . I did n't want to have to open 3 dozen packets of Equal . I tried Splenda , but it is full of fiber and bothers my digestive system . So I was very happy to find Equal Spoonful at Amazon . There is no product as good as this for bulk uses of sweetener . I hope the manufacturer does n't take it off the market .
 I 've used Equal in the canister , not individual packets , for years . Recently my regular supermarket came out with their own version and discontinued carrying Equal canisters . Having little choice -LRB- questerionable store brand vs. Splenda -RRB- , I figured I 'd give Splenda a try . Did not like it at all . Too sweet and with a definite artificial taste that is n't present in Equal . I 'm sticking with Equal . Ordering from Amazon is so easy and , while I did n't really plan to order an 8-pack , I guess I wo n't have to hunt it down in the stores for a long time .
 A lot of research was done before I found this site . Not only did they have the best price for saffron , but the quality of the saffron was excellent and was very fresh . If you enjoy cooking paella and spanish rice dishes , this is the only way to buy saffron ... by the ounce -LRB- and fron this site -RRB- !
 This is one of the best strawberry jams I have ever tasted . It has very simple ingredients -LRB- all the best foods typically do -RRB- with NO high fructose corn syrup!For readers based in the USA
 This is a very good product . I am getting ready to order another - simple ingredients , but great flavor and texture . Love it !
 Swiss Mix is my favorite of Ann 's goodies at Ace Hardware . But check for the date on the package . Recently I 've seen a lot of packages approaching their `` Best by '' date and big differences in the date between stores .
 I was a little hesitant to buy this . Glad I did ; I love this vanilla product . From hot cereal and smoothies , to coffee and tea and hot chocolate , to baked goods and fresh fruit ... well , just about anything that could benefit from a little sweet richness without any alcohol . Now I keep a jar of it right next to the salt and pepper , I use it so often . It is n't fresh vanilla bean , but a close second . And it does n't drip ! : -RRB-
 I was so happy to find pure vanilla in powder form . I needed something that would not thin frosting for cupcakes for my Wedding . Perfect consistency and it tastes delicious . I 'm planning on getting more .
 My daughter and I have Celiac Disease and needed a gluten-free vanilla with great flavor . This fit the bill for both . The flavor is excellent and can be used with all the receipes we make . It lasts about as long as the other quality vanilla 's and has a rich flavor that really enhances the resulting cake , cookie , candy , etc. . I would n't go back to using any other brand . I 'm very pleased with the product .
 The problem with most vanilla 's is that you can taste the alcohol used to leach out the flavor . With this you do n't have that problem . Just pure vanilla flavor .
 mix this in with some fresh popped popcorn -LRB- the stovetop kind not microwave -RRB- and get ready to enjoy a sweet treet without all the fat and calories . very tasty with a mild sweetness .
 Never had powdered vanilla before and when I came across this product I just had to try it . And i really tried it ... Id gone through nearly the entire jar making vanilla sauces in only 3 days . It tastes great and Ill continue to order it for use on special engagements , but with a nearly $ 30 price tag per bottle , its defiantly not for daily use !
 I am a crisp snax fanatic . This cracker is excellent with small pieces of cheese , hummus , olives , pepperoni , etc. . They are bite size so you dont get crumbs everywhere like breaking those ryvita type things into smaller pieces . They are crispy and complement the flavor of the toppings very well . Not much flavor on their own .
 This is amazing tea and it all natural . There is no need to add sugar or anything . Everything about it is good .
 Love this tea , either hot or cold ! As a hot tea , it is wonderfully fragrant and delicious . I used to drink it in the office of my workplace , and folks made favorable comments about the aroma . As a summer ice tea , it is delicious , a nice blend of natural sweetness , and it 's caffeine free .
 When I gave up caffeine -LRB- green tea -RRB- , I started drinking this -- I 've been hooked ever since ... and now I receive a case on subscription every month from Amazon for much less than going to buy it at a grocery store .
 I love this tea ! I drink 2 mugs every morning it is a great way to start my day !
 I have drank this tea for years . It smells great , it tastes great and the caffeine free tea is wonderful in the evenings when it is cold outside . Each tea bag comes with its own little sayings on it so each time you have tea you get something to read . Just to let first time buyers know do not let your bag sit in your water for very long as it tends to get a bitter taste . Just dip tea bag till color changes about 20-30 seconds and remove .
 This tae is so refreshing all year round . We make it by the gallon and 2 of us drin it in 3 days.Wonderful !!
 Good Earth Original Caffeine Free Tea is the best herbal tea I have had the pleasure to have in my cup . If you like cinnamon you are in for a treat . If you ca n't find it at your local grocery store ; you can get it on Amazon . Have a great cup of tea ; drink Good Earth ... it is GOOD !!!!!
 This is a very tasty tea for the winter . But , if you let it steep to long it can get so sweet it will make your teeth hurt . The list of ingredients listed in Amazon 's blurb seems improbable . It has a strong , complex cinnamon flavor . I recommend this tea for those who like cinnamon teas and are disappointed by how thin some of them taste .
 Good Earth Original Sweet and Spicy Tea and Herb Blend , Tea Bags , 18-Count Boxes -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- This sweet and spicy tea is full of flavor and a wonderful break from traditional hot tea ! I highly recommend buying the pack of 6 , because once you taste the bold flavor , you 're going to be drinking lots of it !
 I am not a tea drinker , but a friend of mine had me try this and now I 'm hooked . I used to be able to buy it at Kroger 's , but they quit selling it . Now I have to order it if I want some . I really love the sweet , cinnamon taste . This tea is awesome .
 This tea is very good . It has a spicy & sweet taste without any sugar ! I can not believe that it is available online at such a great price , too !
 Good Earth Original Caffeine Free Tea -LRB- also available with caffeine -RRB- is my favorite tea ! I drink it all day long ! I 'm always looking for a good price on it and recently discovered that buying it through Amazon is the least expensive way to buy it . I was also pleased with how quickly it was sent to me .
 After I tried this type of tea I quickly became an addict . However , it seems that everyone either loves it or hates it . You probably should n't buy six boxes before you are sure someone in your household loves it .
 We have been buying this at Costco but they 've been spotty on whether they carry it or not . Same with our local TJ 's . So to keep from running out , we 've set up a recurring purchase/shipment of this from Amazon and have been pleased so far ... do n't have to go searching in local stores , it just shows up every 2 months and goes straight into our pantry . Easy and reliable .
 There are two versions of this tea . One is organic without the artificial flavor and the other is the original version . The artificial flavor is just artificial cinnamon which is what gives it that wonderful taste . The organic is bland but if you are bothered by the artificial flavor , buy that version .
 This is my absolute most favorite tea . My family loves it too and they do n't even need to sweeten it before drinking .
 Natural sweetness makes this spicey tea my favorite . The staff at work love the gingerbread-like spicey smell that eminates from my cubicle when I 've got a cup brewing . Because it is herbal and has no caffeine , I can drink it any time of day and still get a good night 's rest . Great in the winter time when I need a hot drink before going to bed .
 I like the new version of the Good Earth Caffeine Free tea better than the old version . To me , the new version has less of a `` decaf '' aftertaste than the old version . This is the only caffeine free tea that I like . I still prefer the caffeinated version , but I do n't want to be drinking caffeine all day .
 I 'm a big fan of caffeine free Chai . I really liked the Oregon Chai that was caffeine free but it 's so hard to find . This chai tastes different than the Oregon , but it 's just as good . Brew it with two tea bags per cup for a real taste treat . The artificial ingredients do n't seem to make much difference in the taste for me .
 Great naturally de-caffinated tea ! Good any time of the day -LRB- or night -RRB- . Full flavored and tasty . The price is great when purchased in quantity .
 I used to be addicted to Diet Coke - which I knew was bad , but I craved it . After a friend turned me on to this tea I started drinking it everyday . I found it was so naturally sweet , that I did n't have to add anything to it . It 's great and makes delicious iced tea .
 All I can say is that I REALLY love this tea ! Wish it did n't have the `` artificial flavor '' , but very very yummy .
 I find that the sweet and spicy tea helps - and this is my suspicion - to thin out mucus and make it run clear when I 'm in the midst of a severe sinus infection . Not only that , but it seems that it does so as good if not better than any herbal tea advertised as helping with respiratory ailments . The ingredient profile offers a potential explanation
 For some reason , my local grocery stores have stopped carrying this tea . We love it and often drink it , so I opted to buy via Amazon . A friend told me that she was able to get it through Amazon and I was surprised , but we found it here.Excellent tea with a strong but sweet flavor and caffeine free . No need to add sweetener . The smell alone makes it worth while to get.Fast delivery from vendor .
 I bought these for my father and grandmother -LRB- diabetic -RRB- after trying them myself . They are very sweet , and have absolutely NO SUGAR , NO ARTIFICIAL SWEETENER , ETC. . They are sweet because of the combination of spices ... so a perfect alternative to juice , soda , etc. . During the summer , I toss a couple of bags in a cold jug of water in the fridge and I have instant iced tea all day long . Now THIS is a healthy habit I can enjoy !
 I love hot tea and absolutely fell in love with this tea - which is the ` original ' tea produced by Good Earth . You do n't need to add anything - just place a tea bag in a cup of hot water and enjoy !
 I was familiar with the tea before I ordered it . We like its flavour . Lately we have had trouble getting it in our neghborhood stores and were delighted to see it advertised on amazon .
 This tea is my favorite . It is sweet and a wonderful after dinner treat . Hard to find in the supermarkets .
 This is truly a great tea ! It 's caffine free . You do n't have to add anything to make it better , and it 's incredibly soothing ! Stock up ! I usually would get this at the grocery store , but they were having a hard time keeping it stock . A couple days was one thing , but when it went on to a couple of weeks I had to do something ! So I ordered online . Now I have a back up reserve - it 's that good !! I take the individually wrapped tea bags with me wherever I go - friends , meetings , even restaurants . Quite often the aroma wafting outwards will prompt someone to ask me about it . I love that - I 'll tell them about it and then I always try to have an extra or two to give out . Waitresses are always asking me about it , and I always offer one to them.If you enjoy cinnamon and warm spices like that , you 'll definitey enjoy this tea ! And with no caffine you can even enjoy it late at night too !
 I have been craving this tea ever since I moved to Cleveland , where it is not available . What a joy to find it available through Amazon!Good Earth Original is a tea for people who like a sweet and spicy tea . Cinnamon is the main note , followed by orange , rosehip , and just a touch of mint . The tea does contain artificial flavorings , which is the only downside . It 's already sweet without any additional sugar , but a bit of honey really makes the flavor `` pop . '' Great hot or cold.In fact , I 'm going to go have a cup right now .
 This is GREAT tea ! I have not tried it as `` iced '' tea yet , but it 's great hot . For those who are interested , my local -LRB- Denver -RRB- Safeway just started stocking both the Good Earth teas and coffee . Last Saturday -LRB- 11-22-08 -RRB- there was a woman handing out samples and coupons , and the tea was `` buy one , get one free '' . What a deal !
 This tea is soooooo ... good ! I add two -LRB- 2 -RRB- drops of theives oil which makes it out of this world good . I am a little disappointed that it does have artifical flavors added .
 I used to get this tea when at a Good Earth restaurant in California ; sadly , they are no more . I was very happy to find it at Amazon . I make iced tea mostly . Very refreshing and I can drink it in the evening as it 's decaf .
 I have enjoyed this tea for years and find it to be healthful as well . I brew a big pot once a week and chill it for my MahJongg group to enjoy cold .
 Amazingly delicious . If anything , it is almost too spicy and sweet , so I add lemon or a lemon zinger tea bag to steep with it . It mixes very well with other teas , so it is a great way to avoid sugar .
 So , there is a bit of confusion here about the ingredients in this product . Upon speaking with The Good Earth directly , I have learned that the 18-count Original Sweet & Spicy Tea -LRB- both caffeine-free and regular -RRB- have artificial flavor , whereas the 25-count boxes do not . It seems like a stupid way to differentiate , since the boxes look exactly the same , with the same exact name . I think they do this so as not to highlight the fact that any of their products have artificial flavoring . I learned from them that they originally had artificial flavor in the blend , then removed it , and received complaints because it tasted different -LRB- though probably only slightly -RRB- . They then added it back to their formula , but only in the 18-count boxes . It is a `` spice flavor not found in nature , '' they claim , so I guess there 's no other way to please the people who like that flavor . The first box I got was from an outlet grocery store that was produced during the in-between period when the artificial flavor had been removed from all boxes . It was really good just like that ; I still enjoyed the flavor of the new version -LRB- technically the old version -RRB- that I received from Amazon , but actually not quite as much , and I 'd rather have the natural version since it 's natural and I like that one anyway.As a note about the flavor -- I really like this tea . It is , as described , sweet and spicy . It has a very cinnamon-y flavor with a lot of dimension added by all the other flavors included . I drink a few cups a day , either caffeinated or the rooibos version , depending on time of day . The flavor between these two are slightly different , but comparable . I love the fact that it is delicious without sugar and/or milk -LRB- though also delicious with either or both as well -RRB- -- this is coming from someone with a serious sweet tooth . So that helps a lot , but apparently it has 3 calories per serving.If you like this , you may also enjoyCelestial Seasonings Herb Tea , Bengal Spice , 20-Count Tea Bags -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- -- another spicy herbal tisane that I like without sugar . Hope this helps !
 During the summer months , I enjoy iced tea and prefer to make sun tea because it 's so darn simple & energy-efficient . But finding tea that does well in the sun is difficult . The regular teas -LRB- black , green , white -RRB- become bitter when left standing too long , not surprisingly a requirement for sun tea . The herbals -LRB- fruits , chamomiles , mints -RRB- never seem to steep well in the sun and are generally bland & lack-luster . But this tea ... ah , heaven . Deep , robust , sweet , well-rounded . Personally , I think it is better as a sun tea than steeped the traditional way with hot water.This tea steeps well in morning or afternoon sun . I always use glass -LRB- never plastic -RRB- and 6 bags for about 1.5 quarts . Makes a fantastic tea in 3-4 hours , and letting it sit for a couple more hours produces a tea that definitely needs to be watered down . Needs no sugar , no lemon . Perfect as is . Awesome , just awesome . I would n't go a summer without it.I pick it up at Trader Joe 's , and occassionally I find it at Target and Wal-mart . Nevertheless , considering that shipping is included in a subscription , Amazon 's S&S ; price is fair and on-par with B&M ; retail outlets .
 The price for the quantity was the best I could find online . My wife really enjoys the product so we 'll use this supplier again .
 I was served this by a friend and now I ca n't stop having it at least once a day . No need to add sweetners and no caffeine . Great complex flavor .
 A friend introduced me this Good Earth Tea , which I found very flavorful the first time I tried it . I was glad to find that I could buy the tea on Amazon , and have now given it as a present to another tea lover .
 My favorite tea . Most teas are too weak , and require sugar . Good earth requires nothing -- just hot water and 3-4 minutes . One tea bag makes me 18-21oz of strong tea!Great price , and as always fantastic prime shipping . Highly recommended !
 I love the Original Good Earth tea and this was a great deal . It was shipped quickly , packaged well and the price really could n't be beat . Buying 6 boxes at a time was not a problem for me as I 'm a bit of a tea-aholic and will go through this in no time .
 Every aspect of this purchase went right ... quick seller response , price , great product , plus free and fast shipping . Highest recommendation.These specialty teas can be very expensive in a store , so I am glad an alternative is there for those of us wanting the same fine product at a much more reasonable price .
 IA friend of mine made me a cup of this tea , and I was crazy about it.I liked it so much , I decided to order a wole case of it . The vendor was great , and the order came promtply .
 I prefer coffee over tea most of the time . I 've never been much of a tea drinker . I find myself drinking it only when I get sick or have a sore throat . But I saw the positive reviews on this tea so I had to try it . I think it 's pretty good . Definitely better than any other teas I 've tried . It has a spicy kick to it . It kind of reminds me of a liquid version of fireballs - a penny candy I used to get as a kid . There 's a bunch of interesting ingredients in this tea such as papaya , ginger root , anise seed , lemongrass just to name a few . But the cinnamon stands out the most . I 'm now drinking tea a little more than I used to thanks to this .
 This is a regular order for me . I love this tea and it is so easy to get online . Price is good and delivery is fast .
 Good Earth tea is quite delicious . But the description above says that it is caffeine free , yet the Good Earth web site states that their black tea has 50 mg caffeine per 8 oz . cup for the Original . The first ingredient listed is black tea . And it is sweet , due to perhaps the anise seed or papaya , but there is no sugar , corn product or stevia on the ingredients list . I 've been drinking it for 20 years .
 A rich , herbal tea with lots of natural sweetness . It 's hard to believe it has no sugar . A cup of this tea is satisfying and warming . The price was better with Amazon than the manufacturer .
 My favorite Herbal Tea . It tastes kinda like Big Red chewing gum , but in a delicious way . About a dollar cheaper a box then if I buy it locally since only the heath food stores carry it around here .
 This tea is absolutely delicious . Strong , spicy , cinnamon with just the right amount of natural sweetness . Perfect for a very large mug .
 I found rhis tea years ago but my grocerry stopped selling it . I now buy from amazon > It is the best tea ever .
 I 'm not a tea connoisseur , but this tea is the best tea I 've ever tasted ! A friend of mine got me hooked on it and since we ca n't get it in the stores where I live now , I had her send me a box . I 'm glad to find that I can order it online ! I think the best way to describe the flavor of this tea is that it tastes like Big Red gum -LRB- cinnamon gum -RRB- . It is super sweet when left to steep very long . Usually I put honey in my herbal tea to sweeten it a bit , but this tea is PLENTY sweet without any honey . Also , it has a spicy , hot bite that can tingle your tongue just like Big Red gum . It 's SO yummy that everyone I 've ever shared it with has to know where they can get some , too !
 My wife loves this tea and has got me hooked on it also , so we use it often . To us it is like a comfort food with a mildly sweet taste -LRB- but with no sugar or carbs -RRB- and we much prefer it to all other teas . Buying it from Amazon is much cheaper than getting it from the local grocery , and buying it as a Grocery Subscribe and Save results in even a further savings .
 We LOVE this tea !!! It is wonderful to heat a cup of it for a spicy comfort on a cold night . And it is also wonderful as a cool sweet treat -LRB- but without the sugar or calories -RRB- on a hot day.It does however have a stronger flavor than some might be wanting . This is my case for the iced version . So , I make a big pitcher of tea using 5 bags of this spiced tea along with 4 bags of a natural decaf green tea . This makes a WONDERFULLY refreshing blend that is perfectly spiced without being over the top.Try it !!!
 Been drinking this since I was a kid . Recently rediscovered it and now make the best iced tea with it . No sugar or lemon necessary . It does have a sharp aftertaste due to the strong cinnamon content , but it 's still great . Highly recommended .
 The smell of this tea is what first draws you in and then when you try it , you wo n't want anything else . I walked into a co-workers office and asked what he was drinking as the smell was heavenly . He gave me a teabag and I have since been completely hooked . And , so have other co-workers . Love it ...
 This is a smooth soothing cinnamon tea that I love to drink every evening . Lovely without even adding any honey or sugar . I have this auto-delivered every couple of months I love it that much . The rest of my tea collection sits unused while this one gets chosen over and over and over .
 I live in Mississippi and am diabetic . The cinnamon in this tea not only helps control my blood sugar but it makes the tea so sweet I do n't need sugar or any other kind of sweetener . The only place where carries this tea here is a organic grocery store which sells it for twice the amount I can get it here for .
 I love this tea . I gave up caffeine several months ago , and this is what I drink in the morning . Several of the previous posts stated that there are articial ingredients in the tea . They must have reformulated , because my box states that there are no artificial flavors . This tea is awesome .
 If you are disappointed with the taste of this tea since the color of the box changed , please read on to see how you can get back the flavor you love!The Original Flavor Still Lives -- but only in the 25-count boxes . I talked to their customer service area , and it is hard to believe , but the ingredients differ between the different sized boxes ! Go to their web site and click on BUY after clicking on the 4th box in the original products section , and you will see the list of ingredients differs :[ ... -RSB- 25-Count Box
 This tea has a cinnamon/spice , sweet taste but it does not contain sugar or sugar substitute . Somehow Good Earth combines oils and ingredients to give it a hint of sweetness that I love . Now I brew it like sun tea for a wonderful drink all summer long . Beats the Diet Coke I thought I was hooked on ! Thank you , Good Earth . I 'll be buying this for a loooooong time - !
 I love this tea , drink it every day ! It has a spicy sweatiness without adding sugar or substitute . It can be hard to find in the grocery stores , and is more expensive if you do find it . I have it on auto ship for the best price . Thanks Amazon !
 this tea is soooo good and naturally sweet , no sugar needed . it is so refreshing with hint of cinnamon . it is hard to find where i live and when i did the price was much higher and not always on the shelf . got on auto delivery so i will never be without . best iced tea you will ever drink .
 This tea tastes like Christmas ! There is no other way to describe it . My co-workers love to walk by my desk when I have a cup of this sitting on the corner because it smells so good . It is my favorite hot tea bag . It is sweet and spicy just like the title says , no need to add any extra sweetener -LRB- which makes me happy -RRB- .
 Prior reviews had me concerned , and yes , it 's true . The second ingredient is `` artificial flavor '' . How dumb . I 've been drinking this tea for many years and it is n't as good as it used to be -LRB- before the purple packaging change -RRB- . But it 's still pretty darn good and a nice sweet treat , so I 'll continue to drink it . And the Amazon price is very good .
 Back in the day I would go to Good Earth restaurant in Santa Clara with the wife and kid and we would proceed to snorkel down gallons of Good Earth iced tea along with delicious healthy food ! Well , last time I checked , the restaurant is gone but I can still get my favorite iced tea -- and I do , I get a case of these boxes every month ! This is a great tea if you are a fan of cinnamon spicy goodness combined with the bite of a good bit of black tea -LRB- I 'm not a fan of the decaf version ! -RRB- . A slice of lemon really takes it over the top , sweetener is optional -LRB- ok , so I add sweetener because I 'm now a Southerner -RRB- since it does have a natural sweetness to it.Really my only complaint is that I have to mess with this silly little teabags , I wish these guys would make iced tea quart size tea bags or sell this tea in bulk.I 'm not sure what they do to make this tea so good . I 've tried other teas that sounded very similar but none of them have quite the unique flavor of the Good Earth tea . Highly recommended even if you are not a fan of the restaurants .
 I love , love this tea . That is , until they changed the formula . OK , so it had artificial flavor -- I do n't care , it was an awesome drink in the evenings when I craved sweets . Plus it has rooibos , which is great for you . The new version was too bland and not nearly as sweet.When they changed the flavor and I was one of the ones who was very disappointed . I 'm happy that they added the flavor back , and happy for those who prefer it the new way , that you get to have it the way you like it , too . But the only way to tell which version you 're getting to read the ingredients . Big thumbs down to the marketing department at Good Earth.Thanks to those who pointed out that it comes in a caffeinated version . Unfortunately , I learned that after I ordered 12 boxes on the internet -LRB- yes , 12 -RRB- of the caffeinated version , which has black tea and no rooibos . I love it enough to drink it anyway . I 'll be back to the herbal in 6 months .
 This is my all time favorite Tea !!! Ca n't get enough , anyone who visits our home and tries it loves it too . They used to carry it in one of our supermarkets but now ordering it online is our only option .
 GOOD EARTH SWEET AND SPICY ORIGINAL DECAF TEA IS SO GOOD . YOU CAN SMELL THE FLAVOR BEFORE IT GETS IN YOUR MOUTH . I REALLY ENJOY IT EVERY DAY .
 I like the tea . I have used the blend for several years . This one did n't get the 5 stars because the stronger cinnamon flavor I got in past orders , seems to be muted in this shipment . That is not to say it is n't a good blend , it is just not the same flavor as the past ones I have had , thus the 4 stars . Still a good product and many may like the milder cinnamon flavor .
 I have been drinking this tea on and off for years . It has such a wonderful flavor with the spices and sweetness .
 I only make ice tea with this tea and it is simply amazing . Its simple to do by following the instructions on the box . I have found that it tastes just as good using 9 bags instead of the recommended 10 bags per 2 quarts of tea . Sweeten with a bit of Splenda and you have a great diet type beverage that is quite addicting . The price is unbeatable as well .
 This is the BEST Tea and I love it ! As it brews , the aroma in my house is amazing and the tea tastes great .
 I really like the taste of this herbal tea . I have been buying it for years . The best herbal tea I 've ever tried .
 My favorite tea which I can never find in stores . I am eternally grateful to Amazon for making it available .
 Caution , not all Good Earth Original Caffeine Free -LRB- or with caffeine -RRB- taste the same . This one for me is the best . I made the mistake and bought ALL NATURAL Good Earth Original and it has a weaker , less tangy taste . So now when I need to purchase more tea , I look for the same design on the box and even check the scan number 27018 30135 . But the best way , is ordering on Amazon with the auto shipping every three months . This is the best tasting tea . If your a tea lover THIS IS WONDERFUL .
 I always order this tea from Amazon because I ca n't get it locally . I was so sad to hear that they are not offering it any more .
 This is really , really , REALLY nice tea ! Spicey , warm , cozy , and FULL of flavor .
 I am a fair weather tea drinker & I can only palate most teas with a lot of sugar . This tea is the ONE exception . I first drank this years ago in a Good Earth restaurant -LRB- the first really healthy restaurant -RRB- & I was hooked immediately ! I have never since found a tea that was even close to this . Most teas have a leafy , stick taste that screams to be covered up with sugar . This tea stands alone , no sugar , no cream - nothing but incredible full flavor . It is not much like typical tea but rather almost a cider instead -LRB- minus the apple juice -RRB- . It has the most wonderful cinnamony flavor that is warming & relaxing . I have even made it cold & it is good , but so different from the usual ice tea.I would recommend this to anybody who is looking to enjoy tea but who does n't like the leafy flavors of typical tea , try this one !
 This is great whether you have a cold or just want a treat of a drink ! I find it helpful when trying to lose weight since it is mildly sweet , very satisfying , and wonderful aroma so it 's a good `` treat . ''
 I do n't know how they do it , but this tea is fantastic , both hot and cold . The best way I can convey the taste is if you took cinnamon , apple juice and herbs and mixed them together , except you did it just with tea ingredients ... no sugar or sweetener added . Both the caffeine free and caffeinated versions of this tea are excellent .
 I love this tea . The Good Earth tea bags result in a slightly tangy , sweet tea without needing to use sugar . I will frequently have several cups of this tea in the winter and in the summer it makes a good iced tea . I have several friends who have diabetes and they have all really liked it when I serve it . Unlike a lot of other herbal teas , this tea is based on spices rather than on rose hips which tend to upset my stomach . I highly reccommend this tea to anyone that likes herbal teas and likes to watch their sugar intake . The caffinated Good Earth original tea is also very good , giving you a caffine hit and a slightly sweetened tea without using sugar . Both teas have a very pleasant taste without being overwhelming . The Good Earth original tea reminds me a bit of the really great Seattle Spice Market tea .
 This is the best tea I have ever tasted . It has a blend of cinnamon and spices that make it sweet and spicy . I usually need sugar with my tea but with this tea I never need sugar because it has a naturally sweet taste ! Absolutely delightful !
 It smells awesome , it tastes fantastic , and the price is way too good . Get it , try it , love it , that 's all there really is to it , if you like tea with a strong spicy sweet taste , you need this stuff .
 This tea is the best you can drink . Naturally sweet . Refreshing after a meal . My whole family loves this tea . I bought two cases and put in in their Christmas stockings . It is too bad I can not find it in the stores .
 This tea has so much flavor , its so wonderful . And I love the sayings on the tea bag . Such a nice treat after a long day with little ones . I looked at the ingredients several times , there are no artifical flavors , so not sure what the other reviews are taking about . I really really enjoy this tea , and I use a natural sweetener , Stevia to sweeten . I normally do not like the Stevia due to a bit of an aftertaste , but in this tea , it works excellent . Such a wonderful cup of tea , and I am picky about my teas .
 Wonderful flavorful tea , great hot and great for Iced tea too.A little sweet , no sugar needed , The cinnamon and cloves are so refreshing and this tea goes great with cookies ! Ginger snaps too.Love this tea .
 So , there is a bit of confusion here about the ingredients in this product . Upon speaking with The Good Earth directly , I have learned that the 18-count Original Sweet & Spicy Tea -LRB- both caffeine-free and regular -RRB- have artificial flavor , whereas the 25-count boxes do not . It seems like a stupid way to differentiate , since the boxes look exactly the same , with the same exact name . I think they do this so as not to highlight the fact that any of their products have artificial flavoring . I learned from them that they originally had artificial flavor in the blend , then removed it , and received complaints because it tasted different -LRB- though probably only slightly -RRB- . They then added it back to their formula , but only in the 18-count boxes . It is a `` spice flavor not found in nature , '' they claim , so I guess there 's no other way to please the people who like that flavor . The first box I got was from an outlet grocery store that was produced during the in-between period when the artificial flavor had been removed from all boxes . It was really good just like that ; I still enjoyed the flavor of the new version -LRB- technically the old version -RRB- that I received from Amazon , but actually not quite as much , and I 'd rather have the natural version since it 's natural and I like that one anyway.As a note about the flavor -- I really like this tea . It is , as described , sweet and spicy . It has a very cinnamon-y flavor with a lot of dimension added by all the other flavors included . I drink a few cups a day , either caffeinated or the rooibos version , depending on time of day . The flavor between these two are slightly different , but comparable . I love the fact that it is delicious without sugar and/or milk -LRB- though also delicious with either or both as well -RRB- -- this is coming from someone with a serious sweet tooth . So that helps a lot , but apparently it has 3 calories per serving.If you like this , you may also enjoyCelestial Seasonings Herb Tea , Bengal Spice , 20-Count Tea Bags -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- -- another spicy herbal tisane that I like without sugar . Hope this helps !
 I just received a shipment of this tea -LRB- 6/24/10 -RRB- and notice that on the Amazon info lists the third ingredient as `` Artificial flavor '' , but the listing on the box says `` Natural flavor '' and specifically states there is no artificial flavor in it . So , do n't be put off by the Amazon listing or reviews that used that as a source for their review .
 I love chai , and black tea with milk and honey , so I was not expecting this tea to taste `` good '' without adding a sweetener . To my surprise , it is exactly as its box describes - sweet and spicy . It has no sweeteners , however , as the sweet flavor comes from its unique blend.While there is artificial flavor in it - an artificial spice , according to Good Earth 's site - there is also an organic version -LRB- which I have n't had yet . -RRB- I am convinced it 's just fake cinnamon , because if you steep the tea too long , you get the same tongue-tingle as eating red hots -LRB- cinnamon candies -RRB- when you were a kid.All that aside , this is the best tasting tea I have ever had , and like most teas , it has very few calories . -LRB- 3 calories , according to other sites I 've seen . -RRB-
 This tea is just what it says it is ... sweet and spicy ! My husband & I both enjoy it . If you are looking for a sweet treat without added sugar or sweeteners , give this a try . Also comes in an herbal , caffeine free version , which is good , but we still prefer the Original . Each box is sealed , and each teabag is in a sealed pouch , so it is easy to take along to work , or when traveling . Since it will stay fresh in our pantry , we ordered a large quantity to take advantage of the super deal being offered on Amazon , and recieved free shipping !
 I am a fair weather tea drinker & I can only palate most teas with a lot of sugar . This tea is the ONE exception . I first drank this years ago in a Good Earth restaurant -LRB- the first really healthy restaurant -RRB- & I was hooked immediately ! I have never since found a tea that was even close to this . Most teas have a leafy , stick taste that screams to be covered up with sugar . This tea stands alone , no sugar , no cream - nothing but incredible full flavor . It is not much like typical tea but rather almost a cider instead -LRB- minus the apple juice -RRB- . It has the most wonderful cinnamony flavor that is warming & relaxing . I have even made it cold & it is good , but so different from the usual ice tea.I would recommend this to anybody who is looking to enjoy tea but who does n't like the leafy flavors of typical tea , try this one !
 I love this tea , and was thrilled to see it available on Amazon . The price was good and the service great . My only disappointment is the change in the design on the box and individual packages . It used to have a beautiful old fashioned design , which I thought really matched the `` mood '' of the product , but the tea itself is the same and it 's delicious !
 I 've now `` subscribed '' to get this stuff replaced every few months because I go through it so quickly . It 's so pleasant to have a warm , sweet drink without either calories or artificial sugar . How do they do that ? I 'm loving it for Christmas , though to be honest I drink it all year round .
 NEWUpdated 1-6-2012Yes I to received a shipment from Amazon on this tea and had the same problem stating no artificial flavors and then the new box says on the front natural and artificial flavors . I called Amazon and they refunded me and were suppose to correct this . Still they have not . The company still makes this tea as before with no artificial flavors , caffiene free although a new box . If they would call the company as I did then Amazon is selling the wrong box listed and pictured . I have called Amazon who said they would fix this but has not . Amazon needs to correct this problem.BEFOREWow if you love a good tea that is flavorful and sweet . This is the tea to enjoy . Went on vacation and happened to find this tea that has no caffeine . Tried it and a real pleasure to drink . I do have mine with soy milk . Its like having a latte . I was glad to find another tea that I can enjoy for years to come and to find this at Amazon was a plus !
 This is a very tasty spice blend , that needs no augmentation -LRB- sugar etc -RRB- . It 's a ` spiced ' blend but quite nice . It 's caffeine free , so it wo n't keep anyone up at nights , but also feels FULL BODIED so it 's a good breakfast tea for those of you trying to break the ` habit ' . Try it at your local store first , then buy in bulk , 6 packs , -LRB- you 'll be surprized at how quickly it goes -RRB- . Thanks Amazon .
 I first found this tea when I was pregnant and on a desperate hunt for something decaffeinated but hot to drink . Thank goodness I found this at Trader Joe 's and tried it ! They 've since stopped carrying it so I 'm thrilled to see it hereThe flavor is actually as described
 This is my favorite tea . It 's got a natural sweetness to it that beats any sweet tea I 've had . I use it to make ice tea most of the time . Great price on Amazon too!Update
 I brew up the tea for iced tea to drink during the day instead of diet sodas . It is very sweet tasting without the chemicals of diet drinks . I also understand that the cinnamon helps to regulate my blood sugar from any carbohydrates that I take in . I no longer find myself craving candies or desserts since I have been drinking this daily .
 A friend gave me this herbal tea for Christmas & I was hooked immediately ! It has enough natural sweetness that it does not need any sweetner added to it . I took a few packs of it to Miami to visit my son & his family & they also loved it ! My daughter-in-law found it on Amazon & ordered it for her & me ! I really do drink a cup every morning ! Great product & thanks to Amazon a great price!One tip for ordering
 I was crushed when Trader Joe 's quit carrying Good Earth Tea . I tried to find a substitute but gave up after four tries . So happy to find it on Amazon . The combination of the orange oil and the cinnamon make it naturally sweet .
 Love Love LOVE the sweet spiciness of this tea . No need for sweetener or sugar . . great replacement for coffee ... no other tea compares . . ca n't wait to try the other Good Earth teas . . but I buy this flavor by the case and everyone I give a bag to try become fans too!I also love how this tea doubles as aromatherapy everytime I steep a bag ! BUY IT ... TRY IT ! Give it as a gift !
 As many other reviewers pointed out , this is a very spicy tea , with a strong cinnamon taste . It is absolutely delicious with no added sweeteners , and is the go-to tea in our house .
 Even my picky young children love this tea . It 's hard to describe the sweet and spicy flavor of this tea - it is entirely in a class of its own . I 've tried many different brands and flavors of herbal teas , and none can compare to the potent flavor of Good Earth Original . It 's so delicious that we often have a mug of it in place of dessert . It 's the perfect pallet cleanser and a wonderful addition to any cold evening . Try it iced for the summer as well . You ca n't beat the fact that it needs absolutely no sweetener ! Even though I try other kinds of tea regularly , I 'm always finding myself grabbing another Good Earth tea bag because it 's second to none .
 This tea is delicious ! I 'm addicted . A guy at my office gave me some to try and I was hooked right away . I drink this tea every day .
 After cleaning out the grocery store of this tea multiple times , we though it was time to get serious and buy it in bulk . Tea was fresh , came fast , good price , free shipping .
 I 've had this tea before but where I live it 's almost impossible to find . I love the full flavor and you can almost make two cups out of one bag . Amazon has the best price and service and that 's great !
 Fantastic tea , the best blend I 've ever had
 We adore this tea and it is the one we drink the most . Highly recommend this tea and this seller !!!!!
 I found this tea originally at Trader Joe 's before my local store stopped selling it . I was relieved to find it on Amazon ! This is one of my favorite teas that I can drink every day . It is a sweeter tea that has a nice zip to it , but I do n't find it too sweet . One thing I particularly love about this tea is that it continues to taste great no matter how long I leave the bag in . When I am working at home , I often make a large mug with one bag and then keep reheating and refilling throughout the day as needed . This makes it not only a nice addition to my day but very economical :-RRB- The fact that it 's a bit sweet helps keep down any post-meal `` dessert '' cravings .
 I LOVE this tea and am so glad Amazon carries it as it is hard to find in the stores . The one place I know that carries it is way more expensive than buying it online.Great herbal tea that is strongly cinnamon and naturally sweet . I do n't need to add any sweetner to this . I also find the tea bags go a long way . I only use 2 for a large saucepan full of water . I find the taste is somewhat addicting and I find regular tea boring after drinking this .
 It is evening . The chill in the air is bighting my toes . I desire something sweet , spicey , and warm . Not wanting to add to the holiday caleries , I choose tea . The warm speicey taste is perfect . You can add honey or milk , but it is perfect just the way it brews . I am heating the water now . Ca n't wait for the welcome wistle . Try it , I think you will fall in love .
 Absolutely love this tea ! Its the perfect blend of sweet and spicy and does n't need sugar because the blend of its spices makes it sweet ! If you leave the teabag in for a while though , it does get a little spicy and over cinnamon-y . Regardless though , this is one of the best teas I 've ever had !
 I love Good Earth Sweet and Spicy Original . A soothing drink when served hot , and makes great iced tea too ! I boil a pot of water and throw in about 6 tea bags and let it boil a few minutes . Then I turn off the flame and let it sit until it cools . If you want to sweeten , throw in a half cup of sugar while it is boiling , but with the cinnamon , it does n't really need it . Drinking Good Earth helped me totally kick the soda habit . I love that I can subscribe and save with Amazon too . It comes right to my door on schedule , and I get a discount .
 Unable to purchase at the local grocery store anymore . This is is a very convienent way to purchase it and my family loves this tea .
 This tea 's name is spot on . The cinnamon and spices come through to create the spice , and the sweetness comes through creating the perfect pair . Steep it , and drink , you do n't need to add a thing .
 I drink this tea first thing every morning . If it is n't available , I 'm cross -- my day is incomplete . It is spicy enough , but not too much , and there is just enough caffeine , but not too much . It is sweet , but not too sweet , and often I just go out without my cup of black tea to follow , and I do n't miss it . It 's as good as it has to be ! I order enough at Amazon to get the free shipping , usually about 3 months ' worth . I do n't have to worry about running out , or finding it again . I 've had good luck with Amazon products
 Delicious tea ! Aromatic yet mild , it 's the perfect tea for any time of day . An herbal tea that is unusually satisfying .
 Tastes as wonderful as it smells , cinnamony . I drink it every day at work . It is delightful . It is a very happy tea . Everyone who comes into my office exclaims about how wonderful it smells . Our janitor says I have the sweetest smelling trash after I toss the used tea bags .
 We fell in love with this great spicy tea -LRB- pumpkin-pie type spices -RRB- when we first tried it on a whim . It 's delicious both hot and iced . When our local Trader Joe 's stopped carrying it a couple years ago , I was happy to find amazon carries it .
 Well I have read some of the reviews to the `` New '' Good Earth Sweet & Spicy Tea and I can say that even with the `` temporary '' addition of the artifical ingredient The Flavor and Strength is still there . Last September 2011 I ordered directly from Good Earth Teas in California a whole Lb in bulk -LRB- Huge Bag -RRB- the Caffeinated Sweet & Spicy Tea and enjoyed it fully . I just bought the New TATA Enterprise purple box Sweet & Spicy Caffeinated Tea and it still taste Great !! I got a good deal at a local market for the 18 count box for only $ 2.99 per box so I bought 7 of them : -RRB- It is great that on Amazon , if I want to get it delivered to my door I can .
 I am so happy to know that I can order Good Earth Original from Amazon.com . It is almost impossible to find in Krogers , Publix and other grocery stores . I was introduced to it several years ago by a dear friend and found it to be my very favorite tea .
 This tea is delicicious and so sweet without any addedsweeteners . All my guests love it whether hot or iced .
 Until I tried Good Earth Sweet & Spicy Herbal Tea I had tried teas before but never found any that I found just above palatable and/or enjoying it so much that I want more . I have literally been drinking this every day ever since I first tried it . I have been telling everyone I meet about it .
 My sister loves Good Earth Original Caffeine Free tea . We used to be able to get it locally , but it has become less available over the last year . I searched several stores before checking amazon . I was so happy to have found it here and will continue to purchase it here for as long as possible .
 This is without question the most delicious tea I have ever tasted . The flavors are amazing , naturally sweet , complex , and spicy . I received it for Christmas and it was one of the best presents I 've ever received.I drink the caffeine-free version ; it has no black or green tea in it . Read the list of ingredients and be amazed at the variety of unique herbs and botanicals in this blend.Go ahead a buy the 6-pack ; you will want a plentiful supply to drink yourself and share with friends . Now I only wish they would bring back the 10-lb . bag of loose tea . At $ 99.00 , it is a real bargain , on a per-cup basis .
 I was really glad to be able to find this product on Amazon . I purchased it at the Whole Food and they stopped stocking it . It 's very good with a natural sweetness .
 This tea is perfect for cold winter days . I do n't let it steep for very long because the flavor gets a little too intense for me .
 I really enjoy this tea and buying it through amazon has been the better , more economical way to purchase it .
 Delicious ! My favorite tea , and I am a connoisseur who spends plenty at tea boutique Teavana , but this is the BEST ! The ingredients on my packaging do state there are natural flavors , not artificial . My Trader Joe 's stopped carrying this because they said it was too expensive , but at $ 2.80 a box on Amazon with free prime shipping , I will be buying mine here going forward .
 I bought this for my husband for Christmas because I already knew that he loves it so much . He 's always amazed that the caffeine free version of this tea has no actual tea in it but tastes the same as the regular Good Earth tea . My only disappointment was that when this arrived at our house , it came in a box that said Good Earth ALL OVER IT ! It ruined the surprise of his Christmas present but not his enjoyment of the tea I suppose !
 To make ice tea , I use one bag of the Spicy Tea with one bag family size regular tea . It 's delicious .
 I was so surprised how sweet this tea was I was sure it had sugar , but when I checked on the package no sugar was on the label . I did see `` artificial flavors '' which I am suspicious about . Anyone know what that is about ? Anyways , other than that , a great tea .
 I love this Good Earth Tea . I always have some on hand and usually drink it every evening . It does n't interfere with my sleep and even helps me satisfy cravings for junk food . Thank you Good Earth !
 I do n't know how they do it - but this tea is sweeter than any other tea on the market . I like full-bodied flavor in my tea and this delivers . I also like blending this with other teas - like a green tea or vanilla to vary it 's flavor . I drink this every day . As someone who ca n't have any sugar or sweetners of any kind , this tea is my daily cup -LRB- s -RRB- of something warm and wonderful . It also makes great iced tea on a hot day . Again - try mixing it with other teas , it 's great .
 I 've been drinking GoodEarth Original for close to 20 years . When I could no longer get it locally , first place I looked was Amazon . I drink a cup of hot tea every morning . Do n't want to live without it !
 Try this tea - you wo n't be disappointed ! No need to add sugar and it tastes great hot or cold .
 Good Earth Original Tea Blend , Tea Bags , 18-Count , Boxes -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- This is the best , strongest cinnamon tea that I have found - and - it is good and healthy , too ! Very very enjoyable !
 I had this tea years ago and loved it . It 's still FANTASTIC ! The price is also FANTASTIC .
 I 've enjoyed Good Earth tea especially when the restaurants were around . Absolutely loved it ! Within the past several months , the only thing i could find is `` decaf '' good earth tea at local stores . Do n't know why they only carries the one without caffeine but the taste is totally different and i missed the `` kick ' from my morning tea . Luckily , my husband found the Original Tea with Caffeine on Amazon for the best price i could find anywhere . The tea tastes like spiced cinnamon and i serve it to many friends who love it . Recommend it highly . - could n't live without it !
 This is the best tea ever ! I order it by the case because I drink so much of it . When I make a cup at work everyone that walks by my desk wants to know where that wonderful smell is coming from . I have several co-workers that are hooked now too ! Great pricing on the 6-pack and usually free shipping too.Sandy - Riverside , MO
 This tea wins people over whenever I serve it.Iced in the summer , we go through gallons at a party.No sugar needed , definately not milk , it 's as flavorful as soda without the calories , chemicals , or bubbles . I just replinished my supply with a dozen boxes . Flavor ? Maybe pumpkin spices ? -LRB- not quite , better : - b
 The spousal unit says `` Best Tea I have ever had '' . She 's happy , so I am happy . That 's good enough for five stars to me .
 This is the BEST herbal , non-caffeinated tea I have ever had - period . It requires -LRB- for me , at least -RRB- NO sweetener , as it has a natural sweetness to it , and it has the BEST spicy flavor . Most herbal teas are just too bland for me , but this one is robust , flavorful , and just plain mmmmm good ! I let it steep a bit on the longer side , and can usually re-use the bag once -LRB- or even better , take 2 tea bags I have used once and make a cup with the two bags together -RRB- . If I could , I 'd toss you a bag of it to try . : -RRB-
 Wow , this arrived fast ! Just in time for autumn tea drinking ! This is the PERFECT tea to warm you up as temperatures drop . Bummed that the 25-count box is n't available to us AmazonPrime members .
 I like this tea quite a bit , one of the few drinks that require no sugar to make it more drinkable . Was dismayed when the local Seattle retailers decided that they could charge premium prices for Good Teas , so Amazon to the rescue with more reasonable pricing . Seattle runs on caffeine but I like to take a break now and then and this tea fits the bill .
 This is a very interesting tea because it requires no sugar . It is perfect right out of the tea bag . It has an interesting rich and robust taste that is quite spicy . My husband likes it cold but I prefer it hot .
 Got started on this tea from a friend , now i have my husband hooked ! Love that it has a slight sweetness to it so you dont need to add any kind of sweetener .
 This is and has always been a terrific tea - especially iced . Because it is naturally sweetened and decaf , it is perfect for anyone watching the calories . And buying it in bulk is both a financial and convenient windfall . This is really a wonderful product .
 I love Good Earth Original Caffeine Free tea . I use it for both hot and iced tea . It can be made strong or weak , depending on preference . It has a wonderful , spicy flavor and aroma and it does not need to be sweetened . It is naturally sweet . If there is leftover tea I put it in the refrigerator and either drink it cold or reheat it in the microwave . The flavor holds up well .
 I 've always loved the original version of this tea but now my husband and I typically look for caffeine free teas . Although it is not as strong and flavorful as the original , it 's still spicy and flavorful . This is not available where I live so I am happy that Amazon offers it and at a price that is better than in the stores .
 I have been drinking this tea for years -- eithr hot or cold -- tastes like it has sugar in it , but it does n't -- wonderful afternoon pick - up ! ~
 I 'm not normally a tea drinker ... I actually ordered this for my mom as a gift because she loves this tea so much . She got me to try it , and I was pleasantly surprised . It has a subtle , yet not overpowering taste of cinnamon , and does n't have that usual `` tea '' taste . Mixed with a bit of honey , I think I could get used to this !
 This has become my new favorite tea its rich and Spicy and the price on Amazon is the best I can find .
 I drink a lot of black flavored teas and I have to put milk into all of them except for this tea , which has such a unique flavor to it . Just the right touch of sweet and right touch of spice . Truly a delightful tea .
 I love this tea !! I 've been drinking it for over ten years , and it 's the best !
 This is a favorite flavor of mine and the large quantity means I will not run out for a long time.I can drink it when ever I want at a good price
 I 've always liked hot tea but this is by far the best I 've ever had . I 've shared it with others & now they too are hooked .
 If you made a tea out of melting candy canes it would probably taste a lot like this . Ummmm molten candy canes .
 This tea is absolutely delicious . I 've been enjoying it and making it for iced tea for over 15 years . I first started drinking it at the Good Earth Restaurant in Northridge , CA . Not only is it the best iced tea I 've ever tasted , but it is high in antioxidants and very healthy . Every person that I 've made this tea for loves it , hot or cold .
 A friend of mine gave me the caffeine free version , which I loved . I had a hard time finding the tea in my local grocery stores , so I went only . I was thrilled when I noticed there was a caffeine full version so I quickly bought it . I love the unique flavors - a mix of chai , fruit and spice flavors . Also , the longer you let the tea bag sit in your cup , the stronger the taste - no bitterness like other teas here.I also love that you can buy it in bulk - in 6 boxes . I 've got boxes at home , at work , a few bags in my purse and some in my Christmas room for presents .
 We did n't know what the box could be when we arrived , because it was so soon after our order . Tea is delicious and a very good value for the money .
 I absolutely love this tea . I have it every evening after supper . Makes a very satisfactory final note for my meal . It has a delicate spicy flavor superior to any other tea I 've ever tasted . Starts the rest of the evening on a high note .
 This tea is delicious hot with milk and over ice . -LRB- Actually , it 's a tisane , because it contains no tea , but whatevs . -RRB- Great stuff , buy it !
 I am not a tea person , I dont drink coffee either . I do drink juice and soda , etc. . The reason I have never really liked tea is that most dont have enough flavor for me . Most tea to me taste like you made a drink and then devoted it by 100 to 1 . This tea has a very powerful flavor which can always be thinned down with more water but is not needed . I have had plenty of people try this tea around my office and they all love it . My wife has switched from her tea 's to only drinking this one .
 Good Earth Original has great taste - nicely sweet without sugar - and a bit of caffeine for a pick-up . I enjoy the quotes on the tab at the end of the dipping string as well as the very pleasant aroma . A great no guilt drink .
 My grandma introduced me to this tea and its SO good ! You 'll SWEAR its sweetened some how but it is n't at all ! Highly recommended !
 Absolutely love this tea !!!! Very flavorful and needs no sweetening . Is good hot or iced . Ordering was quick and easy . Fast delivery .
 Like others , I have enjoyed this tea every day for years . I recently bought the organic version and found the taste to be completely different and very weak and unpleasant . Reading some of the reviews here , I was concerned that they had changed the formula for all versions . But , I took a chance and ordered this version again and was pleased to find that the boxes I received have the original , strong cinnamon taste . These have an `` enjoy by '' date of August of 2014 , so I would think that these have been manufactured recently . Let 's hope that the company heard the feedback and are back on track .
 The Sweet and Spicy Caffeine Tea is delicius and natually sweet and herbal so there really is no caffeine . I just let it steep for at least 15 minutes and even more and the flavor gets better and better . So glad Good Earth corrected the problem with the ink on the tea bags - why on Earth did they need to change from the yellow boxes to the new design ?? Good Earth Original Sweet and Spicy Caffeine Free , 18-Count Tea Bags -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- Give this tea a try - I 've introduced it to many of my friends and everyone agrees , this is the best tea they have ever tasted .
 I 've been drinking Good Earth Original tea for about 30 years -LRB- first discovered in a Good Earth Restaurant -RRB- . 10 years ago , it occurred to me that the smell of it was good enough to substitute for the smell of coffee in the morning , and that was the key to relinquishing my coffee habit . It 's great hot and it makes terrific iced tea . So here 's the tiny complaint
 At the beginning of 2012 , Good Earth teas brought back the artificial flavoring formula , due to demand . But both versions are sold now
 This tea is delightful ! Sweet cinnamon dominates . I usually get tired of it after a couple of boxes , but if I give it a few weeks , I start craving it again . A nice , sugar-free sweet treat .
 I love this tea ! It is so flavorful that you do n't have to add any sweetner ! I love to drink it in the morning or when I have a sore throat . I have even given it as gifts . It 's just that good .
 I just love this tea ! It has just the right amount of spice , I add a little honey but you really do n't have too . It 's my evening indulgence .
 Arrived quickly with no issues . I order twelve boxes of it , and love this tea , and plan on order more in the future .
 I first discovered this tea when visiting my brother in New York and he directed me to Amazon to purchase ; I can not find it in local stores . The taste is not like a typical herbal tea ; it is very full-bodied with just the right amount of cinnamon added to give that spicy sweet taste -LRB- I purchased the caffeine-free version -RRB- . Everyone that I have given a bag to try has come back with raving reviews .
 This was a Christmas present for my daughter . She loves this tea , I love this tea . Everyone I know loves this tea . It is so good !
 I basically am not a tea drinker but wanted . to get away from coffee . I do like the taste but got tired of it after awhile . However if you are a tea drinker I would suspect you would like the taste very much.I basically drink water even at breakfast
 It 's nice to have my own stash at home and to take to meetings . Makes the kitchen smell great too .
 It 's organic , tastes great , and smells heavenly . What else is there to say ? Every one I offer it to loves it .
 I was amazed when I first tried this tea at a friend 's house . It 's delicious and although it has no sugar , it does taste sweet . I 'm watching my weight - is n't everyone -- and this is one guilt-free no calorie treat . Even my husband requests it !
 My mom loves this stuff !! It has excellent flavor that is spicy but not overwhelmingly so with a mild natural sweetness .
 I 'm kind of a tea snob . I try a lot of teas , and only end up really liking a few -LRB- those that I would buy again . This is one of those teas.In fact , I would easily classify this as my favorite tea ever . The first thing upon brewing that you notice is an intensely strong odor that quickly fills a room . After the tea had had a chance to steep fully , the first sip hits your mouth with an explosion of flavor that 's best described with the word `` zing ! '' Every sip thereafter just intensifies the taste , until the last drop drips onto your tongue . It 's at this point that you immediately brew another cup .
 -LRB- 3/12 -RRB- I have purchased this product in the past and it was all natural . When I purchased this time I found that it contained artificial flavor . I contacted Good Earth because I was so upset at the change in their product . They informed me that they make a version with artificial flavor and one without as well as organic . The organic does not contain artificial flavor . Since it seems to be a game of change as to whether you get artificial flavor or not when ordering this product . If it is important to you that it be all natural , I recommend getting the organic variety .
 Length :
 This is the third or fourth time I buy from this vendor -- both the delivery and the product -LRB- coffee -RRB- has been impeccable . The delivery is consistently record-fast . Bravo !
 I found a great substitute for coffee - Good Earth tea . I especially favor the Original and Sweet/Spicy Red teas .
 Does NOT contain the `` sweet & spicey '' flavor!The varieties it does contain are : Super Green Tea , Green Tea Decaf , Chai , Chai Decaf , Black Tea , White Tea.I bought this specifically to try the Original Sweet & Spicey!Bummer !
 After trying , and loving , the Sweet and Spicy flavor , I thought I 'd expand my horizons and try some other Good Earth teas . While I ca n't claim that I love them every bit as much , they 're still excellent teas and well worth the time to try.What is n't immediately apparent from the description -LRB- and requires a close look at the box -RRB- is that the teas are flavored . In my case , I was really pleased with the added flavorings . The black tea flavored with tropical peach was my favorite , but I also enjoyed the white tea with vanilla . Chai is always a welcome addition , too , though there was n't anything spectacular about the Good Earth version . The green tea was enjoyable , but not memorable.The one thing that disappointed me was the number of decaf teas that were included . Because the decaf green and decaf chai count as ` flavors ' , you get a lot less of the best flavors -LRB- the black/peach and the white/vanilla teas -RRB- . I 'd prefer it if there was a separate variety pack for decaf teas , rather than mixing them all together.All in all , though , I enjoyed this variety pack and I 'd buy it again , though I think next time I 'd just go for an order of either the black tea or the white tea instead .
 I got this variety pack because the description said it contained the Original Tea and the Sweet and Spicy Tea . Well , it does n't !! And I was very disappointed at first.But , then I tried the teas that this variety pack contained , and they are really very delicious.This variety pack comes with Super Green Tea , Super Green Tea Decaf , Chai , Chai Decaf , Black Tea and White Tea . I love the Super Green Teas and the White and Black Teas . They are very spicy and flavorful . I would have never tried them if not for this variety pack !
 The pudding helps me care for my elderly mother . She did n't like he shakes , and the puddings are not available in my area . Great find for me .
 The pudding arrived expeditiously , intact and proved to be both economical and very tasty . The Amazon shopping experience is the best !!
 My boyfriend and I thoroughly enjoy this white tea , which is very smooth and never bitter . It 's very hearty and can still thrive on a second brew . My personal preference is to add a drop of honey , but it 's really not necessary , as the flavor of the tea is entirely satisfying on its own .
 This tea has great flavor . It never gets bitter , no matter how long the tea bag sits in the water !
 this is my favorite tea in the whole world . i had some friends who claimed they did n't like green tea -- until i brewed them some of this . now they are hooked , too : -RRB-
 This is my husband 's favorite tea which is no longer carried in our grocery store . Fortunately , ordering a small case is easy through Amazon.com . Being decaffeinated allows for sleep and does n't spoil the flavor .
 We have tried several green teas , but this is our absolute favorite . The lemongrass addition is heavenly . Highly recommend for flavor and price .
 This tea has the best flavor . It 's good hot or cold . It has plenty of flavor and does n't need a sweetener .
 What a bargain recommend this to anyone who enjoys great tea at a bargain price plus free shipping .
 I do n't normally add content to Amazon because the site is so huge , but I must say that this green tea is some of the best bagged green tea you can buy in my opinion , besides having good Sencha from Trader Joe 's . Although it does not taste overtly like sencha or a nicer green tea , it definitely still carries the flavor but is accented by the lemon grass and citrus nutes they added . I always add wild flower honey or orange blossom honey , more of the wild fruity honey 's taste better with this tea . Sugar tends to ruin the taste of it , so I prefer one teaspoon of honey and it is wonderful . If you like this , I would check out the ancient recipe for Hop Gar Shaolin Tibetan medicinal tea recipe Teh-Dah tea .
 This tea is sooo delicious . I have been drinking it for years and recently could n't find it in the grocery store but found it as I was looking for the dark green packaging . I love this tea . I do n't like any other green tea . Try it and you will see why .
 I absolutely love this green tea . It is delicious and does n't need sweetener with it . I drink this tea at least twice a day . Thank you to the Good Earth for making such a tasty decaf green tea .
 One sip of this tea , and I was hooked . A sweet , mild , flavorful , green tea blend that needs no sweetener at all . DELICIOUS . I ca n't imagine why , but Good Earth changed the name of this tea from Green Tea Blend to Lemongrass . It was very confusing for weeks I was sure they had taken it off the market . Finally I found one web site smart enough to point out the switch . I buy it by the case , because my son and I go through it so quickly . Each of us drink it both hot and cold every day . I only use decaffeinated but even the regular does not contain much caffeine -LRB- compared to coffee -RRB- !
 This is the only ginseng tea that actually makes me feel better . Wonderful for energy levels , arthritis pain , and stress relief . Chinese medicine calls ginseng an `` adaptogen '' ... which supposedly means it balances out problems within the body . After a few weeks of drinking this tea , I believe that . Not only did my joint pain cease , my sinus issues also improved . I would recommend this product to anyone that needs a boost !
 It 's a great after dinner tea
 We always have a nice cuppa Good Earth after dinner . I do n't have to wait for a supermarket sale to stock up , our very nice mailman brings it up to the porch . Such a nice deal
 This is my favorite green tea . I find that the lemongrass flavor compliments and perhaps masks some the grassy flavor that green tea can have . It gives the tea a brighter and more fresh flavor . Why oh why does n't Amazon carry this tea . They carry almost every other Good Earth tea flavor .
 This is an great green tea choice if you like a blend of different teas . I thought it was well-balanced and tasted great overall .
 I am not a tea expert , but I am trying to get healthier and green tea is an area that I thought I should try . I tried several others and almost gave up because the taste was a little to bitter . Maybe it 's the lemon grass but this tea is different , it even smells good in the wrapper.I do add local honey to each cup -LRB- my only previous tea was sweet tea usually from the south -RRB- , and let it sit for 3 - 5 minutes to seep in hot water . Tastes pretty good . I did some research and this company rates favorably on their processing methods , which leaves in the healthly aspects of the tea.I usually drink it later in the day , hence the need for decaf . I drink very little caffine , and most teas would keep me up , but this does n't . The price for 6 boxes of 18 bags each is pretty good compared to the grocery stores , they do seem to change the packaging periodically so you have to make sure your getting the right one . But overall a tasty green tea , I have read that green tea purists do not like the lemon grass , but i think it made the diffence on finding a green tea I like .
 I am ordering this tea from Amazon for the third time . I previously ordered in 2009 and , again , in 2010 . In both of those cases , the product came in a package of different design that contained 25 bags per box . I paid $ 21 in 2009 and $ 25 in 2010 -LRB- for six packages , in each case -RRB- ; thus , the price has not changed significantly in the past few years.Two days ago I found a lonely box of this tea hidden in the back of my cupboard , and , while it bears an `` enjoy by '' date of May 2011 , it is still tasty as of this writing in February of 2012 . I agree with the other two reviewers
 This tea tastes great and this is the lowest price around if you can even find it anywhere else . Thanks
 I love this tea ! I bought one pack at a local store and we had to buy more of it . It has an intense taste of citrus and ginseng , and will wake up your taste buds if you are green tea amateur .
 For years and years , health care fads come and go . We are told to eat this and that and we will live better , or told it 's products are AMAZING !!! Well ... the one product that continually gets rave reviews again and again is green tea . So I decided to drink at least 4-6 cups of green tea a day . it 's antioxident properties are amazing . Research again and again shows that it helps in the prevention of cardiovascular -LRB- heart -RRB- disease . It eliminates free radicals in the blood stream that put you at risk for many different diseases . Now , I 'm ' not a health nut but I do value my health . I try to eat well 80 % of the time and I exercise regularly and try to watch my stress . But this tea has been an added to my menu and I abslutely LOVE it . I have tried so many different green teas that I ca n't even begin to count the number and names . Good Earth always makes an amazing product in quality . This tea is no exception . I feel it has a slight tint of sweetness because of the lemongrass and it 's not as bitter . It 's very smooth for a green tea . It is light and refreshing and I feel reenergized . I boil 6-8 cups of water on the stove every day in a pan and add 4-6 bags of this tea . I let the tea bags sit in the water and steep for about 20 minutes . This is what allows the valuable products of the green tea to be absorbed into the water . I may drink a cup of warm tea and that point , but I refrigerate the rest . I put it in a couple of containers , let it cool on the counter and then put it in the fridge . When I 'm ready to drink it , I may add a little coffee creamer or splenda . YUM ! It has become my new morning coffee . I absolutely LOVE this tea . Thank you , Good Earth .
 I like this tea . This was a good way to get a lot at once instead of having to find what I want in the grocery store .
 In my eyes this is the best green tea on the market . The lemongrass adds a very distinctive mellow flavor that I really like .
 My cupboards are full of different flavored teas , yet I keep coming back to this one ... day after day , year after year . -LRB- I am now on `` auto-shipment '' -RRB- As soon as I get up in the morning I brew myself a cup of this soothing , flavorful tea . Nothing else can satisfy my taste buds , and it has just enough caffien to wake me up . I 've tried every other brand on the market and I 've found this one to be the best . It does n't have the strong `` perfumy-flowery '' taste that other brands do . Instead , to me , it has the slight taste and aroma of sweet clover , but not over-powering the green tea flavor . However , it does make a difference on the water you use to make it . It tasted waaay different when I brought a bag with on vacation . Can you tell that I am a fan of Good Earth Jasmine Green Tea ? Think I 'll go brew myself another cup right now ...
 There are lots of tea companies however this one is my clear favorite . Unlike other natural tea companies this brand actually taste good and uses unbleached tea bags . What is the point of selling natural tea in a bleached tea bag ? The green tea and lemon grass go together perfectly . The quotes on the back of each packet is fun to read as well . Good choice in quotes .
 My husband and I have been drinking this delicious tea for the past couple of years and even take it with us when we go on vacation . Everywhere we go people comment on how delicious it smells - must be the lemongrass . We got used to drinking this at one of our local health food restaurants where they serve it with fresh mint sprigs . So far it 's the only green tea we have found that is decaffeinated - great for my husband who is really sensitive to any caffeine . Totally hooked on this delicious drink .
 Good Earth Green Tea , Lemongrass , Decaffeinated , 25-Count Tea Bags -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- is my go to tea . I drink it hot , warm , and make a very strong brew which I chill and enjoy in a wine glass in lieu of wine . To be sure I do not run out I have it automatically sent in a pack of 6 monthly .
 This is one of the best bagged green teas I have ever tried , and I have tried quite a few . I normally use loose green tea , but have been trying to be more budget-conscious . This tea is a light green the way it 's supposed to be , not the oxidized brown . Try it , you will like it !
 This is my favorite Green tea ! I have 3 or 4 cups a day . The orange favor is great . You can actually smell the oranges when sniffing the tea bag and it is far fresher than your standard teas like Lipton . Besides the great taste , it has 70 % more anti-oxidants than your typical Green tea . Also I should mention I have been drinking this tea as part of my workout and diet regime and have lost 25 pounds ! Here is an article on how green tea helps with weight loss
 I have been drinking Good Earth Decaf Green Tea for many years and it is my favorite tea . This tea is not purely green tea leaves - it also contains lemongrass and other flavors . It is flavorful but mild . Ingredients
 For health reasons I 've been looking , but having a hard time finding , a decaffeinated green tea that was full flavored and actually tasted good . Well , this one hit the spot . And to top it off , it 's organic , so all the better .
 Good Earth Super Green Tea makes the world 's best iced tea , hands down . It 's great hot , but it 's fantastic iced . Drop in an orange slice and you 've got yourself the most delicious , refreshing , great-for-you beverage you 've ever tasted . Even if you 're not a tea lover , you 'll love this stuff !
 I originally bought this at a grocery store as part of a project to find a green tea that my husband would drink . He 's got a health condition that demands he give up coffee , and the only tea `` allowed '' is Green Tea -LRB- due to the reported health benefits -RRB- . We tried many brands and many varieties and this one has a good flavor ... kinda citrus-y and not watery or bitter . The pleasant aroma hits you when you open the package . That 's another benefit , the tea bags come individually packaged so they stay fresh and also travel well , if need be . The tea bags come with nice little sayings printed on them , too.I ordered these through Amazon because the product has become hard to find in local stores , and the bulk price is fair . It is cheaper still if you subscribe .
 I have always been a coffee drinker - tea was reserved for stomach troubles , but the hype about the benefits of green tea caught my attention . The first time I drank green tea - well - Yuck ! It was like drinking dirty water . Then I found Good Earth Green Tea with Lemongrass . An avid herb gardner , I thought - `` Well , I 'll try it . `` The flavor is great and if I double up the tea bags per cup , I get quite an energy boost in the afternoon . However , trouble came when every local store stopped stocking this great tea . So happy to find it on Amazon - you came through again !
 I have been drinking lemongrass tea for about five years . I like the taste of course , but mainly I drink it for the fact that it helps to kill cancer cells . If I had known about it long before , I might have avoided five years of a fight against the cancer that grew inside me . However , once I started al the various treatments , I know that the drinking of the lemongrass tea was a major help in the battle . I am now free of cancer cells . I intend to keep on drinking the tea at least once a day if not more often as insurance so to speak ... I was very pleased to see this tea on amazon as it was getting difficult to find it . I also notice that it is almost impossible to find Ginseng tea . Amazon ?? help here please ??
 Very good tea . Jasmine flavor is present but not overwhelming . Tea stays fresh in the individally wrapped packs . This is one of our favorites .
 For years I have loved the flavor of Good Earth Green Tea with Lemongrass ; a good way to enjoy the health benefits of green tea . I turned to purchasing from Amazon when my local grocer stopped carrying it and could n't be happier . Having shipments auto ship every 4 months is less expensive and very convenient . You should try it yourself !
 I 've been drinking this tea for years and love it . The floral tone wafts into the air when opening the foil seal , which is the initial treat . After steeping in near-boiling water 5 minutes , the fullness of flavor releases . I add a few drops of stevia and enjoy a perfect cup of tea .
 I find the Good Earth green tea with lemongrass to be a very satisfying taste . I enjoy it at home in the evening and at work in the afternoon .
 I know I can not make medical claims , but this tea always makes me feel better if I feel like I 'm starting to come down with something . One cup a day keeps a cold -LRB- or worse -RRB- at bay . And if for some reason I have n't taken my tea and I do come down with something I drink 3 cups a day and it kicks it right out of me . I tell everyone I know about this tea and am thrilled to know they sell it at Wal-mart now b/c more people can buy it . I should also mention I 'm not a fan of the taste of green tea , nor do I like fruity accents in my drinks . HOWEVER , for some reason this tea is just so good . I bought it originally for trying to help me lose weight and did n't realize it had the orange flavor to it , but it 's not overpowering whatsever . It just helps give it a nice flavor . Even if you do n't normally like green tea and/or fruity flavors in a drink try this tea . It 's wonderful ! I always make sure I am stocked up on this !
 Best tea . Good hot or cold . I use it daily for ice tea . I make this tea daily and it stays fresh in the fridge for 2 days .
 package arrived quickly & my husband drinks the tea every night . Very hard to find in stores.I would reccommend to all
 Like this tea a lot . Good flavor and a good company . Would recommend . I found out it has no connection to the Good Earth resturant in Roseville , Mn . They are 2 different companies now .
 I really enjoyed this green tea . There were no added fruity flavors ; Just a good green-tea flavor . I am very happy with this green-tea flavor .
 I started drinking this tea at my son 's house and could not find it in the grocery stores here , so I went to Amazon , and as usual , they had it . It has a great flavor , is very comforting on a cool day , and green tea has been recommended by Dr. Oz . What more could you want ? I 'm on my second order of six boxes and still love it !
 I 've tried a number of Green Teas but without a doubt this is my favorite . The taste is great and the addition of lemongrass makes it just the best . The fragrance is wonderful too . I make this into iced tea in the summer and add white tea to it and it 's fantastic . I started drinking this tea and white tea about 7 years ago . I have gone from a person taking medication twice a year for bronchitis and sinus problems to not having had so much as a cold in 7 years . The antioxidants are obviously amazing . Being able to buy them in bulk saves money and I love always having them stocked in my home for guests . HighlyGood Earth Tea Green Tea Decaf , 25-Count Boxes -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- recommend !
 This is the best tasting tea I have ever found . I have been purchasing this product for years and never get tired of the taste .
 The Lemon Grass , and a hint of Ment , is just the right touch to make this the greatest tasteing Green Tea I 've ever had.Twinings Darjeeling Tea , Tea Bags , 50-Count Boxes -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB-
 Great flavor for decaf . Ingredients - decaf green tea , lemongrass , soy lecithin , rose pedals , peppermint .
 This is my favorite decaf green tea with lemon grass which enhances it with a tasty twist .
 My husband and I have used good earth green tea , for years . We can no longer get it in grocery stores , but have found it at one health food store ... The difference in price by ordering it through Amaron is worth the effort .
 Delicious tea , the lemon grass really adds a lot of flavor . Love it ! Price is about half of what you 'd pay at a grocery store .
 This is the best green tea I 've found . Not only does it have a great flavor when it 's hot , it also makes a great iced tea .
 The tea is good and is sometimes hard to find . Keep it available and I will be a happy camper .
 It 's got to be the lemongrass that makes the difference . I 've tried all kinds of green tea and none has ever been so refreshing , thirst-quenching and smooth ! As iced tea with nothing added , it 's my favorite complement to a meal .
 The Good Earth Organic Jasmine Blossom Green Tea is quite nice for what I like to call `` supermarket tea '' standards . It smells wonderful and the taste is good compared to many other green teas sold on supermarket shelves . I have tasted better , though -LRB- Two Leaves and a Bud Organic Jasmine is excellent ! -RRB- . Still , for the price this is a nice tea and I would buy it again .
 Love the delicate flavor of this green tea I 've tried other green teas but all of those seemed bitter by comparison . Good Earth 's Lemongrass teas has been my favorite daily tea for years now . Do follow the instructions on the box -LRB- or tea bag -RRB- for the best flavor .
 I know green tea is good for you so until now I 've forced myself to drink it . I 'd even `` hide '' it in black tea but could still taste it . I drink this plain , and at will !! It 's really good hot or iced . Compared to the whole foods stores , you 'll save a bundle buying in the 6-pack AND amazon ships SO fast . Could n't be happier with this purchase .
 This tea is awesome . I 've been drinking it for about 15 years and never get tired of it . Hot , cold , no matter . It 's fruity and without the tannins or extreme earthiness found in many other teas . A slight citrus nose to it . Hey , and with the antioxidants , this is a real winner .
 I need to stay away from caffeine so this is a great alternate . I can have green tea without the extra caffeine and Good Earth teas are always very flavorful .
 I HAVE CONSISTANT MIGRANES EVREY MONTH . THE OTHER DAY AT WORK HAVING A USUAL MIGRAINE AND SINUS PAIN I FIGURED I AM GON NA HAVE TO GO HOME USUALLY WHEN I FEEL SICK WITH LIKE COLD LIKE SYMPTOMS I LIKE CHAMOMILE TEA THE STEAM FEELS GOOD ON MY FACE , ANYWAY I HAD SOME OF THE SUPER GREEN TEA SO I WAS HOPING IT WOULD HELP ME THRU THE DAY . I WAS AMAZED AT HOW GREAT I FELT AFTER DRINKING THE TEA ALL PAIN GONE FELT REFRESHED & ENERGETIC . I WASNT COMPLETELY SOLD UNTIL TODAY MY FRIEND FELT SICK AT WORK SO I SAID WANT SOME TEA AND BAMM SHE FELT BETTER AFTER THE TEA . I DRANK SOME THIS MORNING AND I FEEL WONDERFUL ENERGIZED , FRESH , FOCUSED , SO MUCH BETTER THAN COFFEE . I WILL BE BUYING ALOT OF THIS TEA LOVE IT .
 This has the most jasmine flavor of the 3 different organic bags I 've tried from amazon -LRB- choice and some other one I never heard of -RRB- . But not as good as loose pearls . I 've mostly switched to the loose pearls . BTW , Whole Foods has a good price on their own organic 365 green tea , but none with jasmine .
 Excellent taste -- green tea with a substantial taste of fresh orange oil . It is absolutely delicious !
 THis is a wonderful flavored green tea . The price is fantastic considering that it is much more expensive in most stores . Highly recommended !
 After buying this lemongrass green tea I have become spoiled . I wo n't drink any other kind of tea . The taste is exceptionally good .
 This tea is smooth , delicious and just wonderful . It smells wonderful while you are drinking it ! It is my absolute favorite green tea !
 wonderful aroma and taste . goes down smooth . i add a little honey and some drops of lemon concentrate into it . so delicious . no more than 1 - 3 cups in a day . Moderation
 I am suffering from insomnia and was looking for a product that would help me fall asleep - this tea is a surprise . Great taste and nice sleep as a result
 I drink this green tea blend almost daily . I rank it high among my favorites . Probably the only negative is the packaging
 EVER SINCE I DISCOVERED GOOD EARTH GREEN TEA WITH LEMONGRASS , IT IS THE ONLY TEA I DRINK NOW . I PURCHASE THE REGULAR AND DECAF AND DRINK THEM HOT OR COLD.ABSOLUTELY THE BEST AND SO CONVENIENT TO PURCHASE DIRECT FROM AMAZON INSTEAD OF TRYING TO LOCATE A STORE THAT CARRIES IT .
 Great for the first time or long time tea drinker . Nice jasmine aroma with the benefit of green tea.Highly recommend .
 This is a wonderfully flavorful Organic Jasmine Green tea - the best I 've every tasted ! I buy it in bulk to share with others who also get hooked on it !
 This is the best green tea I 've ever had , and the price is great too . I 'm very addicted to it and I 'm so glad that Amazon sells it at such a great price .
 I prefer this green tea to the one with jasmine . It has a nice flavor , more intense than the jasmine tea , but less intense than the original Good Earth tea.Good Earth Tea Green Tea , Lemongrass , 25-Count Boxes -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB-
 I was looking for a nice tasting decaffeinated green tea and bought this because of the price and reputation of Good Earth . The tea reminds me of the iced green tea sold at a national chain bread company , although theirs is sweetened . Also , through the subscribe and save option , I was able to purchase 6 boxes for the price of 1.5 boxes at my local store.The tea itself is delicious . It 's the lemongrass that sets it off . It 's a sweet smell . Not at all bitter . One of my better buys !
 Price beat all local stores even on sale . I drink the Lemongrass Green Decaffeinated Tea as iced tea . I throw 9 bags -LRB- probably excesseive -RRB- into my tea maker for a really strong refreshing tasting ice tea . The Lemon grass might be an aquired taste though .
 I have essentially stopped drinking any other tea . Everyone I 've introduced to this loves it . I thought the lemongrass would be strange , but it 's delicious . Very smooth , no bitterness at all . If you 're looking for something with an edge , this is n't it .
 Who knew tea could be so polarizing ? I 'm shocked by the amount of negative reviews on this tea.I tasted this tea once and was immediately blown away , it is the best tea I 've ever had . I 've had many different brands of jasmine green tea , and I always enjoy it . This is no normal jasmine green tea , however . Normally jasmine green tea has the recognizable taste of green tea with the slight hint of something flowery . You can smell the jasmine more than taste it . This tea does not taste like any other jasmine green tea . Whereas jasmine green tea is typically light with faint flavor , the Good Earth jasmine green tea is robust . The flavor is rich and indulgent , it almost tastes like a dessert tea . The jasmine flavor does not shy away in the distance , but is upfront and shares the taste evenly with the green tea leaves . I can see how it might not be for everyone , but if you have a palette anything like mine you will fall in love with it . I drink a cup of this tea every single morning , and I 've never grown tired of it . The thought of it gets me out of bed in the mornings . It is also delicious as an iced tea . And to counter what other reviewers have erroneously said , it contains no sweeteners and no artificial flavors , colors or preservatives . Though it tastes so good I can see why people would assume it does ! I love that I found something that tastes devilishly good yet is full of antioxidants and gives me a boost of energy . Try it , and do n't expect it to taste like typical jasmine green tea . It is in a class of its own .
 This was a wonderful find ! Not easily found in our community . The tea has a great peach-like flavor -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- . Just love it !
 My mother tried every single green tea out there . . and then she found this one . Every week she goes to the grocery store and buys more . . and then finally the grocery store around here stopped selling it . I bought her this 6 pack for christmas and she was overjoyed ! I personally do n't like green tea , but she swears by this one !
 I tried a lot of different green teas . This tea has very soft taste and lemongrass gives it very interesting aftertaste . I also like the fact that this is decaf tea , so you can drink it as much as you can -LRB- and I drink it every 2-3 hours -RRB- .
 This is in my opinion a great tasting and soothing tea . I would highly recommend it
 This is awesome tea . I do not usually like any hint of lemon in my tea , however , this tea has changed my mind ! For me , plain green tea is hard to drink . It taste 's like mowed grass ! So I choose green teas with other flavors added . This is one of the best IMO . I have not tried it iced yet , but think it would be equally as wonderful served that way . The tea stands on it 's own & does not really need a sweetener , but a drizzle of honey really brings out the flavor !
 This tea is never bitter -LRB- cheap bad teas are -RRB- > Clear clean taste ... beautiful balance of delicate jasmine overtones ... not too flowery . Just a real high quality product . Great ICED ! This brand is the best and I am a 35 year veteran of teas .
 This is a very refreshing tea ! Plain green tea tastes like cut grass to me ! The lemongrass flavor makes it a whole different animal ! It is one of my favorite green teas . I have not tried it as iced tea , but i think it would be wonderful .
 My husband drinks this every morning for breakfast . It tastes good and smells wonderful . I can always tell where he is in the house by following the lovely aroma .
 Each morning I brew a mug of Good Earth Green Tea to enjoy with my cereal and Bread , peanut butter and jam . The Lemongrass flavor has been a favorite for a long time . Finding it in a larger packet is great , and the price is right.The little messages are enjoyable , and finding out about the author is fun.Good Earth Tea Green Tea , Lemongrass , 25-Count Boxes -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- The delivery time from order to receipt was very fast , and packaging was excellent , no damage outside or inside to the product.Another Amazon happy customer . No , I can not do cartwheels to show my appreciation , but I certainly will encourage others to shop Amazon .
 This is one of the best green teas I have tasted . It has a smooth taste and not bitter like some green teas I have had . And the Amazon price is great , especially with super saver .
 I received a sachet of this tea when I ordered hot tea in a restaurant . It was so yummy that I put the empty packet in my wallet so I could look for it in a store . In every store I went into that sold tea , I 'd pull out that packet and compare . I could n't find it anywhere . They have it , of course , at the Good Earth web store but with shipping the cost was more than I wanted to pay . -LRB- Thank goodness for Amazon Prime ! -RRB- I bought a case -LRB- 6 boxes -RRB- . So far , I 've shared two boxes - one , a birthday gift for my best friend and one with my daughter in a college care-package . Hot or cold , black or green , this is my favorite jasmine tea .
 This tea has a really great taste even if you brew it for longer than you supposed to . I would recommended it to a tea lover .
 This is the ONLY green tea I 've found that I really , really like ! It has a very pleasant , mild flavor and no caffeine . I often use two bags at a time to increase the benefit green tea has to offer . Even with the two bags , which makes a stronger cup of tea , it 's still very mild tasting . The only thing keeping me from giving it a five star rating is that I would prefer it be organic .
 I still have it I gave to alot of my friends some of them like it
 THIS ITEM WAS FOUND TO BE A SOOTHING AND RELAXING DRINK . SETTLES THE NERVES AND HAVE A TENDENCY TO MAKE ONE LOOSE WEIGHT . I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TEA TO ANY ONE .
 `` This green tea blending with two of Japan 's most popular teas is a nice paring for the best antioxidant tea by Good Earth . Good Earth Super Green Tea has 162mg avg . antioxidants per serving vs. Good Earth 's standard green tea with 108mg avg . antioxidants per serving . Orange flavor may be slightly strong/rinded to some as it is for me . I put one of these Super Green tea bags in with another tea bag flavor in a 3/12 quart Tea Pot , namely Good Earth 's Original , Constant Comment Original or any Oolong Tea from China 's Fujian province . Leave it on the warmer for about 30min before serving . I even water it down another 50 percent after taking the tea bags out . It is also very good with a shot of Citron \ Mandarin \ Peach Vodka if you ever go that route . ''
 Some of the best tea I 've ever drank and best pricing I 've found ! Thanks Amazon !
 I love this tea !! To perfect my mornings , after brewing this tea , I add Madhava Light Agave Nectar and a little Silk Vanilla Creamer -- Wow . It even satisfies my sweet tooth .
 This tea is the tastiest green tea I have ever had . Highly recommemd it to everyone . I drink it every day and hope that all the anti-occidents are doing their magic .
 I bought this because it was on sale and it has perfect review . To be honest , it 's not my cup of tea . The lemongrass taste is too strong and you can barely taste the green tea . But taste is a subjective thing . I recommend people get one from their local supermarket and try it before buying six boxes from amazon . Besides the taste , the `` Natural Flavors '' ingredient also concerns me . Basically , you do n't know what you are drinking . Just because it says natural , it does n't mean it 's harmless . One last thing , to those who drink green tea for antioxidants , this tea is mix with a lot of other herbs . You are not getting as much antioxidants per tea bag as the other brands .
 This tea has a wonderful light lemony taste . I especially like it with a teaspoon of honey added to it .
 I ca n't really say anything bad about this tea . Its quite good , but did n't line up with my expectations . I expected this tea to be a bit more full-bodied , but instead , it is a very light , airy flavor that goes well with a good dose of honey . If you 're looking for a more flavorful experience , try the Sweet & Spicy variety , but if you 're looking for a light , relaxing tea , this one will do just fine .
 This tea is delicious . It has a distinct flavor combination of tea with a hint of mint and mango in `` Goldilocks '' fashion - `` just right '' . I want some more .
 I drink a lot of green tea and this was the first time I tie the lemongrass green tea.I was sceptical at fist , but the scent is very soothing .
 Have used this tea for some time - think it is the best ! Shipment came quickly and was as ordered . thanks for making this great tea . -LRB- decaffinated and a good taste -RRB-
 It 's almost embarrasing to admit that I like flavored and smoother green tea better these days since I am originally from a country with long history of tea-growing and tea-drinking where people drink tea as it is for thousands of years . I like Good Earth Super Green Tea a lot and bought this lemongrass flavored green tea by mistake but I am glad I did .
 The lemongrass gives a natural sweetness so you barely need to add sweetner , if any at all . The flavor is hands down the best . Green teas do n't usually have this kind of robust flavor without being overwhelming .
 I enjoy a few cups of day . Even when it looses it 's ` heat ' , it 's still enjoyable ! Best is that it 's good for you !!!
 bought this tea locally and loved it but expensive to make for iced tea since I drink 3 to 4 glasses a day.then to my happy surprise found it at amazon for reasonable price and auto ship.thank you amazon .
 I have been drinking Good Earth Decaf Green Tea for many years and it is my favorite tea . This tea is not purely green tea leaves - it also contains lemongrass and other flavors . It is flavorful but mild . Ingredients
 Good Earth Green Tea - Lemongrass 25 tea bags -- No way , no how , was I ever going to be a tea drinker . Coffee was my perker-upper of choice , and loved every jittery cup of it . I still like my morning cup and the aroma of good coffee brewing in the morning . Whenever offered tea by friends I 'd always decline - `` coffee if you 've got it please '' . I would settle for the last of a pot that had been heating for hours rather then try tea . So to say I am no expert on tea is ... well ... the truth . My experience with tea was the occassional cup at a Chinese restaurant , or the cup loaded with honey for a sore throat . So when I say I Love This Tea - you can be sure that 's the truth as well.It started with a coupon . It was a bargain to pick some up at my local market , and thought well , maybe I should have some on hand for all those tea lovers I know . Hearing so much about the benefits of green tea , I picked out a box of it and put it up on a shelf . Then disaster struck - I was out of coffee ! I remembered the green tea on the shelf and thought what the heck , maybe it will hold me over till I get to the store . I liked it ! It gave me an afternoon pick-me-up that I was n't expecting and even thought it tasted pretty good as well . I do n't remember what kind it was as I have been through several boxes of green , various brand and flavors of the tea since then . Then I hit on this Good Earth Lemongrass . This one I loved.It was the best I tried . So naturally my next stop was here at Amazon . And naturally I found this great deal.The taste is wonderful and so is the aroma . Light and citrusy , but slightly sweet - not what I thought `` lemongrass '' would be.I did n't need to add anything at all . It is caffeinated , but comparably much less then coffe per serving . It gives me a renewed and refreshed energy in the afternoons without any jitteryness.It also does n't seem to be dehydrating - as coffee can be.Not to mention the other health benefits . According to the box , this blend is rich in antioxidants . It may be served hot or as Iced Tea.Ingredients
 To say I am no expert on tea is ... well ... the truth . My earlier experience with tea was the occassional cup at a Chinese restaurant , or the cup loaded with honey for a sore throat . For me it was coffee , coffee , and more coffee.However , hearing so much about the benefits of green tea , I picked out a box of it at the store and put it up on my shelf.It just sat there . Then disaster struck - I was out of coffee ! I remembered the green tea on the shelf and thought what the heck , maybe it will hold me over till I get to the store . I liked it ! It gave me an afternoon pick-me-up that I was n't expecting and even thought it tasted pretty good as well . I do n't remember what kind it was as I have been through several boxes of green , various brand and flavors of the tea since then . Then I hit on : Good Earth Tea Green Tea , Lemongrass , 25-Count Boxes -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- - see my review for details of the Lemongrass - I loved it . It was the best I tried . Naturally I found the best deal here at Amazon.Next I wanted to try other flavors . This Orange flavored sounded pretty good . It has the added benefits of super anitoxidant -LRB- 70 % more than Good Earth 's standard green tea -RRB- Japanese teas matcha and sencha . I found both the aroma and taste much lighter than the Lemongrass . The Orange gives just a hint of it 's flavor . Other reviewers felt otherwise , so I would suggest to try one box first and if you like it go for this multi-pack . I do agree though that it 's great for what ails ya . It 's definitly one I would drink for anything from colds and sore-throats to aches and pains of all sorts . I also read that the matcha leaf helps to cleanse the body of toxins.This blend brews up an appealing golden shade . It gives me a renewed and refreshed feel but I also found it to be more calming than the Lemongrass which gave me quite an energy boost.It also does n't seem to be dehydrating - as coffee can be - with more health benefits.Although I personally prefered the taste of the Lemongrass - my only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 - I still like this one and it is nice to have a litle variety for different moods or needs . And I do n't need to add anything.It is caffeinated , but comparably much less then coffee per serving . It may be served hot or as Iced Tea.From the box : Ingredients
 I 've been enjoying black , green , and herbal teas for years . Normally I keep a good supply of bothBigelow English Teatime Tea , 20-Count Boxes -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- andBigelow Decaffeinated Organic Green Tea , 40-Count Boxes -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- in the pantry . Recently my wife was given a `` Variety Pack '' of Good Earth teas and this particular tea was included . I 'm a morning coffee drinker but after my two cups of French pressed Colombian Joe to get the motor running I switch to tea ; normally a cup or two of the aforementioned Bigelow English Breakfast tea and as the day progresses I like to decrease the caffeine intake so I switch over to the Bigelow Green which is a decaffeinated tea . However , as teas go , green tea is relatively low in caffeine so the idea of switching to a regular , caffeinated green tea , really did n't bother me . Anyway , as soon as I enjoyed my first cup of this particular tea I new I had to make room in the cupboard ; at least until I finished my supply of the Bigelow green.The first thing I noticed and enjoyed about this tea was the wonderful bouquet like aroma . Just like with a fine red wine the initial aroma/bouquet is part of the experience of enjoying good wine and flavored hot beverages . After the delicious aroma test passed with flying colors it was not surprising that the taste test would be at least equally if not more satisfying . Indeed it tasted delicious.As with any good quality green tea the flavor was fresh , light , and a bit grassy or `` green '' . I was previously not familiar with `` Matcha '' or `` Sencha '' , two of the three flavor additions to this tea but thanks to the internet , information about darned near anything is always nearby . I 'm not going to Wikipedia you about Matcha and Sencha but suffice it to say they are both other forms of Japanese green teas that do in fact pack a powerful additional punch of antioxidants genuinely verifying the company 's advertisment of '' ... more antioxidants '' . Allegedly this tea has 70 % more antioxidants than their `` Standard Green Tea '' . This claim though , stretches the truth . Comparing the two products nutritional information
 This is one of my favorite Jasmine Green teas . The jasmine is not too weak and the tea is very aromatic . I also like that if I leave the bag in the hot water too long , the tea does not become bitter .
 Good Earth Green Tea - LemongrassNo way , no how , was I ever going to be a tea drinker . Coffee was my perker-upper of choice , and loved every jittery cup of it . I still like my morning cup and the aroma of good coffee brewing in the morning . Whenever offered tea by friends I 'd always decline - `` coffee if you 've got it please '' . I would settle for the last of a pot that had been heating for hours rather then try tea . So to say I am no expert on tea is ... well ... the truth . My experience with tea was the occassional cup at a Chinese restaurant , or the cup loaded with honey for a sore throat . So when I say I Love This Tea - you can be sure that 's the truth as well.It started with a coupon . It was a bargain to pick some up at my local market , and thought well , maybe I should have some on hand for all those tea lovers I know . Hearing so much about the benefits of green tea , I picked out a box of it and put it up on a shelf . Then disaster struck - I was out of coffee ! I remembered the green tea on the shelf and thought what the heck , maybe it will hold me over till I get to the store . I liked it ! It gave me an afternoon pick-me-up that I was n't expecting and even thought it tasted pretty good as well . I do n't remember what kind it was as I have been through several boxes of green , various brand and flavors of the tea since then . Then I hit on this Good Earth Lemongrass . This one I loved.It was the best I tried . So naturally my next stop was here at Amazon . And naturally I found this great deal.The taste is wonderful and so is the aroma . Light and citrusy , but slightly sweet - not what I thought `` lemongrass '' would be.I did n't need to add anything at all . It is caffeinated , but comparably much less then coffe per serving . It gives me a renewed and refreshed energy in the afternoons without any jitteryness.It also does n't seem to be dehydrating - as coffee can be.Not to mention the other health benefits . According to the box , this blend is rich in antioxidants . It may be served hot or as Iced Tea.Ingredients
 I have tried different types of green teas however this is the only one which I can drink without limitation -LRB- somedays I may drink up to 5 cups per day if the weather is cold -RRB- . It is very smooth and easy to drink .
 I like this tea even better than my standard tea that I have been drinking for years , Good Earth Decaf Green Tea . This version has a fruity taste that I love and is organic . It also has strong flavor , so I can make up my big mug -LRB- 16 oz -RRB- and even get a second mug out of one teabag . It does not get bitter when brewed too long or as it sits after brewing . A great option if you avoiding caffeine , since decaf green teas are hard to find . Highly recommend .
 Good Earth Green Teas are the best green teas that I have tried so far . Their decaffeinated versions are as tasty as their caffeinated green tea .
 Good Earth restaurant teas are an addiction I continue with online purchases now that I now longer live near one . Green tea has healthful antioxidents , but I like the flavor much more with Jasmine .
 even my friends who normally use sugar and or milk in their tea like drinking this tea `` black '' .
 I 'm a tea lover from birth and this combination of Jasmine with Green gives a beautiful aroma and taste . One teabag gives you a robust flavor , eqivalent of loose tea brewed in a teapot.Very very pleased .
 I got the tea a lot quicker than I thought I would . And it is a really good , strong tea . You do n't need 2 tea bags to get a good strong cup of tea .
 I drink a cup of green tea everyday and I have tried many brands . The Good Earth Decaf green tea is by far the best tasting green tea . It has a hint of spice to it so it is not boring like many of the green teas I have tried . I am not going to search any further for a green tea because this brand is for me !
 I bought this because of the other reviews on Amazon and have been very pleased . Most green teas taste like grass to me . This does not . It has a tiny bit of lemon to it , which is very refreshing . I bought an electric ice tea maker and between the two of them , I have been very pleased .
 I think I have purchased every make of green Tea there is and have found the Good Earth Green Tea to be the best . I has a very smooth taste and the blended lemon grass adds a nice touch .
 I 've always bought the Good Earth Lemongrass Green Tea , but I wanted to try something new so I bought this Super Green Tea . The Lemongrass tea is probably the best green tea I 've ever had , so naturally I did n't have high expectations going into this tea . After opening the teabag of this Super Green Tea , I knew immediately that I was going to love this tea . You can smell all the aromas of the tea and none of them are overwhelming on the nose . Once brewed , I could n't stop drinking this tea . Like the Lemongrass tea , each of this tea 's flavors are brought out and none of them are overbearing . The orange oil is perfect ; not too much nor too little is in the tea . After drinking two cups of this tea , I 'm ready to say that this tea has replaced the Good Earth Lemongrass tea as my go to green tea .
 If you like English Tea , you 'll love this product . I 'm a big fan of Taylors of Harrogate Yorkshire Gold , but I like this even better . It 's not for people that delight in herbal tea . I have tea loving friends that describe this tea as `` only for hard core tea drinkers '' . Maybe ... but hey can sip their blackberry and mint flavored herbal concoctions and I 'll enjoy my Taylors Tea Room Blend and we 'll all be happy !
 This is a strong , mellow tea for regular tea drinkers . I usually drink the Scottish Breakfast Blend by Taylors of Harrogate , but it 's been not so easy to find here all the time , so I tried this one . I can highly recommend it .
 This tea is insanely delicious . It is strong , malty and does the job in the morning to wake me up without being coffee-assaulted ! ;-RRB- It 's just a shame that Amazon does n't sell the kilo-sized bags , because at the rate that I go through tea , I have accumulated a lot of tins . Once I got to four tins -- which are beautiful , do n't get me wrong -- I started wondering what else I could put in them . I gave up and ended up buying the kilo bag elsewhere.Still , stupidly good is what this tea is and I could drink it all day if the caffeine would n't turn me into a crazy RAR monster .
 If the Twinings blends are too thin & bland for your taste , this Taylor blend is a nice step up in quality
 I really enjoy the Taylors of Harrogate Tea Room blend . The other English black tea brands I have to compare it to are PG Tips , Tetley and Taylors of Harrogate sub-brands like Yorkshire Gold and the varieties you can find in the regular supermarket . This one has a lovely clean taste that is enjoyable plain , but it is bold enough to handle milk and cream . Amazon seems to have a decent price on it and I even found it by the kilo . I recently bought the three pack of loose leaf Yorkshire Gold which is really a shame because Tea Room blend is far superior . I suggest if you do not have the budget for expensive , high end tea stores that you put the extra in and splurge for the tea room blend . I would like to try the other varieties under this sub brand and I will write a review when I do .
 It is very mild & smooth to drink . I have been drinking Ceylon Leaf Tea for long time but since I was introduced Blend Tea , I enjoy it very much . It is just as good as Ceylon Tea .
 I read the previous reviews and I was n't sure this tea could really be strong enough for me . I was so surprised because this tea is fantastic !! It has a really nice deep flavor and is some seriously strong tea . I always drink it English style -- with milk and sugar -- and it maintains its flavor very well . You can dial it back with less tea and less steep time , so do n't be scared off if you want it a little less strong . But finally -- a tea for the strong tea lovers !!
 This makes a very satisfying cup or pot of tea . It 's smooth without being weak , and is a lovely pick-me-up as well as whatever the opposite of that is -- a settle-me-downer ? Anyway , highly recommended .
 these tomatoes are great but they can be found in your grocery store for $ 1.25 to $ 1.39
 I am old-fashioned , so I love the fact that Charms offers a whole box of the original flavored Blow Pops . This is one of the small things in life that make me very happy !
 I fell in love with this nacho cheese as a teenager but after several moves , it had been years without finding it in the local grocery stores . Thankfully Amazon has come through . I also order a few cases at a time , just in case they run out . Best Nacho Cheese Ever !!! Just microwave and eat . I have tried all the flavors , mild , medium , and hot . I like them all . Hot is not really too hot , but great still the same !
 My husband LOVES this cheese . We used to buy this at our local grocery store , but when we moved out of state we could n't find it anywhere ! Hubby was distraught as nachos are his very football snack -LRB- really anytime snack -RRB- and for him , no other cheese would do . So I jumped online and found it here on Amazon . I ordered two cases ... we 've been ordering it here every since -LRB- almost 2 years now -RRB- .
 I gave this 5 stars as a great nacho cheese sauce base because it tastes great . -LRB- It 's a little thin for me since I do n't squirt it from a pump . -RRB- At $ 19.98 for a dozen 15 oz cans , you could n't make a more tasty base so cheaply . I add some corn starch and heat it in the microwave -LRB- stirring every 15 seconds -RRB- to thicken it up . I also add a few slices of processed cheeze to richen it up . That 's just my preference .
 I was looking for a tasty nacho cheese in a can smaller than the giant ones available at our local Costco . I find the El Rio Hot Nacho Cheese to be perfect . It 's delicious , flavored with hot peppers . And the smaller cans each make for two generous plates of tasty , tasty nachos . Great stuff ... I 'm salivating for nachos as I write ...
 Product was shipped quickly and arrived damage free . If your local grocery store wo n't stock El Rio Hot Nacho Cheese - this is a great way to purchase it .
 This product is very good but the item I received was expired in August and I received it in November . Laurie
 I got this just in time before Valentine 's day . If you ever had one of these , you 'd know that they are DELICIOUS SCRUMPTIOUS ADDICTING & just simply AWESOME ! Same great quality ! I actually got 16 instead of 15 so I 'm very happy . No flaws in delivery or packaging ! I hope this helped you in any way . Semper Fidelis !
 I thought these were absolutely delicious . A lot of people are saying they were way too expensive , but I have n't seen these in any stores around here so I 'm okay with paying a couple extra bucks to try them out.Very yummy . You might be able to find them elsewhere at a better price , but they 're worth a try either way !
 Taste is perfect
 These are the best chocolate sweets ever ! The price is kind of ok for the quantity . If you know it , you do n't need much of a comment .
 I do n't care how much the price is , this is simply the best chocolate in the whole wide world ! Very highly recommended .
 I bought these chocolates because my gf loves dark chocolate and coconut . When I saw this product , I thought it would be the perfect fit for a Valentine 's Day gift . I 'd read some reviews about some of Scott 's Cakes ' other chocolates being too hard to chew so I was a little hesitant , but decided to try these anyway.I think some people have the wrong expectations about chocolate coming through the mail . It seems like these people want something warm and chewy , but that 's not going to work unless you 're a fan of melted chocolate . These things are in transit for a few days , of course they 're going to be a * little * tough.And that 's what these chocolates were
 A good tasting biscuit but pretty messy to eat . Has a nice lemon flavor and serves as a good light snack .
 Close to the Graibaldi cookies . . Not too sweet . good with coffee . . hard to find in stores ! ! ! !
 I bought these chocolates because my gf loves dark chocolate and coconut . When I saw this product , I thought it would be the perfect fit for a Valentine 's Day gift . I 'd read some reviews about some of Scott 's Cakes ' other chocolates being too hard to chew so I was a little hesitant , but decided to try these anyway.I think some people have the wrong expectations about chocolate coming through the mail . It seems like these people want something warm and chewy , but that 's not going to work unless you 're a fan of melted chocolate . These things are in transit for a few days , of course they 're going to be a * little * tough.And that 's what these chocolates were
 good clean funwell almostgood yesfun yesclean not with a 21/2 - year-old . Easy to clean up after a lot of fun .
 Easy and delicious . We had a blast . There is a ton of dough here . Highly reccomended for playdates .
 If you want to have fun with your kids I highly recommend this product . Obviously , we did n't create any figures near as nice as the one shown on the box , but it was still whole lot of fun . You get the creativity of Play-Doh with the fun of being able to eat your creations . Well we started eat the creations before they were out of the bowl . Simple , easy , no cooking experience needed .
 If you love caramel and need something sweet these bars work out perfectly . I use them in place of a candy bar . They are only 150 calories but they taste like more . I use them to diet with even though they are for people with diabetes . They fill you up and do n't give you the sugar high . I eat one and I 'm not hungry again for a few hours . My husband likes them too ! I have tried many low glycemic bars and these have been the best tasting . They satisfy the sweet cravings .
 I am not a diagnosed diabetic , although the disease is in my family . I am , however , a pre-diabetic and have to watch my weight carefully . The glucerna snack bar has become my turn-to snack to ward off a sugar crash brought on by stress or exercise .
 This snack met all my expectations to the NI , taste , size and texture . They are very chewy and loved that . Its very filling . I will keep buying these . They are 100 percent better than adkins , slimfast and Special K I have tried in the past . Ca n't wait to try the other kinds .
 This tastes like candy and the texture is great ... For those of us that are diabetic I would highly recommend this as a snack or a treat .
 These conveniently packaged snack bars have the balance of protein and carbs I need when I can not have a regular meal . I like buying them in bulk so they 're available to throw in my handbag whenever I leave the house in the morning to run errands most of the day .
 This was a re-order from Amazon . These snack bars taste great and your blood glucose does not spike up after eating it . They sure do taste alot better than peanut butter on saltine crackers before bed ...
 For the calories , this is better than any candy or other snack . Tastes just like regular candy/chocolate bars but it 's much more filling and does n't lead to a sugar crash an hour later . Great for dieters or diabetics .
 I am so grateful to Amazon for handling the Glucerna bars . I had to go through several kind to find the one that I liked . Then you could never find them at WalMart or the Drug store.That was very frustrating , because they are a good product for a diabetic.So needless to say I will be regularly be ordering these from you.Many thanks , Bev .
 I like these bars , but I can taste the sugar substitutes . I still eat them regularly . They work as advertised - fill me up without spiking blood sugar .
 love the taste , keeps my sugar levels normal when used between big meals ! i really loved how it tastes has a great texture and it s a great snack to carry in your purse to drag everywhere you go !!
 I bought these for my son who really enjoys them . I was happy to find something to make him healthier and that he enjoyed eating . I think it is also great for weight control and diabetics .
 Quick ship , good packaging , glad to see that I could set up an automatic order . . thanx
 The Glucerna chocolate caramel snack bar is great . I use it as a snack between meals and it helps me to keep my blood sugar under control .
 Glucerna Bars of all flavors are super for us who have Diabetes , or even for those who are trying to watch their calories .
 My boyfriend and I thoroughly enjoy this white tea , which is very smooth and never bitter . It 's very hearty and can still thrive on a second brew . My personal preference is to add a drop of honey , but it 's really not necessary , as the flavor of the tea is entirely satisfying on its own .
 This bark was good , but it was not as good as the white chocolate pecan bark . It seemed that the white chocolate bark had larger pieces of pecans in it compared to the milk chocolate . I prefer larger pieces of pecan nuts .
 This is a good value . The cost was reasonable compared to similar products , and when it arrived , it was exactly as advertised . It came in a nice , well-constructed box that looked like the picture . We bought it for my mother-in-law , who likes chocolate bark , and she was very pleased . -LRB- Whew ! -RRB- The package was a little bit overfilled , so it bulged a bit , but some extra tape took care of that . Overall , I recommend this product .
 Product arrived just before blossoming ... came with 2 packages of flower food . When bloom occurred it looked just like the picture . just a note
 These are always a joy to receive , but anyone ordering for a specific occasion might want to order 2-3 days early so there 's time for them to bloom . I 've received them numerous times and they are my favourites . : -RRB-
 ProFlowers offered to send a replacement bouquet to make amends for a mistake on my first order . I took them up on their offer and they came through with flying colors . I will give them my business again .
 My kids live in New Mexico , and we have been sending them Kimbo Gold for several years . They had it here when they came on a visit , and have been loving it since then . They also share some of the `` wealth '' with friends , who have grown to love it to !
 Vegan . Organic . Kosher . Thirty great snacks ! All fruit . Blue foods are special and good . Nice blueberry taste . Very lunchable . Have ordered eleven or more -LRB- ! -RRB- of the different organic and natural Kettle Valley flavors . Very happy every time . The 60 pack of this item , which is no longer available , was a `` Vegan Grocery Top Ten '' favorite . This review is out there for those for whom this makes a difference . See all of my reviews and the vegancompassion Profile for more great choices . Check out `` Vegan Grocery Favorites '' and `` Vegan Grocery Top Ten '' & all the other helpful `` Vegan Grocery '' Listmania . Your input counts and will be greatly appreciated to benefit the search of others . Thank you .
 Took me a long time to find a fruitbar with a lower than ` normal ' sugar content and also being organic.These Kettle Valley , organic , blueberry fruit snacks , have a very refreshing taste and are a daily after dinner treat . They are small enough not to fill you up , like bigger ones do.Will order them again .
 These bars are thicker than fruit leather but similar . They have a better texture , softer and are easier to chew . I love the flavor . They do n't sell in my healthy vending machines but I think that has to do with the packaging . The wrapper is not appealing to kids . These are excellent snacks . Now that I am thinking about these I have to go have one . They are really good . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 I order these on the monthly subscription program through Amazon . I have been getting a box of thirty for $ 15.00 / month . These are wonderful and elicious ways to get a full serving of organic and natural fruit without any fillers or additives . Highly recommend , especially for children to keep their refined sugar levels down from other foods . Kettle Valley Fruit Bars are naturally sweet with no added sugars !
 This is pretty good - a tasty and convenient snack . But it 's not really blueberry . It 's mostly apple - flavored with a little blueberry .
 So I love fruit leather and I saw this available on Amazon . I have tried many of the different flavors , and Orchard Blend is the best . With a apple in every bar I feel like I am getting a lot of nutrition for a great lo-cal snack . I have these on the Subscribe and Save program so I can make sure I do n't run out . A great snack !
 I purchased this to have a reasonably priced , organic fruit snack that I could share with my son who is 15 months old . The texture is good , and I like that it 's organic without added sugars . But neither I nor my son particularly liked this flavor . I usually like peach , but this did n't do it for me and my son spat it out as soon as he tasted it . I should have gotten one of the berry flavors . I do n't want to waste it , so I 'll finish it or give it away then probably buy the strawberry.My son does like theClif Kid Twisted Fruit Ropes , Variety Pack , 8 Strawberry , 8 Mixed Berry , 8 Grape , Pack of 24 . He is able to eat it by himself and likes the flavors .
 Love these for my two year old . They are n't sticky like most fruit strips . They keep him happy in the car and are fairly good for him . We have them stashed everywhere !
 Lots of flavor and delicious . My 2-year-old loves these , and I feel good that I 'm giving her an organic fruit snack with no added sugar . I can easily tear or cut them into little pieces , or she can take bites herself -LRB- unlike other brands of fruit strips or leather -RRB- . I love to eat them , too .
 I 've been giving this brand of fruit snack out to students for a couple of years in an elementary program I do on healthy eating habits . The berry flavors are always popular but I decided to change to watermelon and grape since there are fewer allergies to those fruits . The watermelon is a hit ! I tried it out for the first time today . In a group of students -LRB- mixed ages -RRB- that I visited , every one of them ate their whole snack with a smile . I usually have a couple that do n't care for the texture or flavor but not this time . It 's fun to get them to guess how a whole apple gets smashed to fit in the wrapper . Even more fun when they demonstrate how they think the watermelon got squeezed for the juice . I 'll keep ordering this flavor . For those who prefer a firmer texture , put them in the frig . I personally like them better that way .
 We have tried a couple of the flavors Kettle Valley has and all are good . We love that they are a serving of fruit in every snack and they are filling .
 Vegan . Natural . Kosher . Thirty great snacks ! All fruit . Sunshine treat . Tropical fruit juice is good for you . A little like wonderful & refreshing juices sipped under palm frond canopies shaded from the hot noon sun . Very lunchable . The Tropical variety is my favorite in the natural line . Also really likeKettle Valley Certified Organic Real Fruit Snack , Blueberry , 0.7-Ounce Bars -LRB- Pack of 30 -RRB- in the organic varieties . Have ordered eleven or more -LRB- ! -RRB- of the different organic and natural Kettle Valley flavors . Very happy every time . This review is out there for those for whom this makes a difference . See all of my reviews and the vegancompassion Profile for more great choices . Check out `` Vegan Grocery Favorites '' and `` Vegan Grocery Top Ten '' & all the other helpful `` Vegan Grocery '' Listmania . Your input counts and will be greatly appreciated to benefit the search of others . Thank you .
 Shipped fast . Everyone I know at work drinks coffee , but I love tea . I brought a bag to work and share it with everyone . Great quality , must buy . Comes in 41/4 lb bags and also give you a random free sample up to 1oz .
 I first tried this tea years ago and could n't find it again anywhere in Seattle . Luckily for me , I found it here ! It has menthol and feels like you 're drinking Vick 's Vapo Rub ... in a good way ! It 's calming and cooling and helps break up the crud in your sinuses and lungs . I have asthma and was sick recently and it works wonders . I passed bags around to co-workers and everyone agrees that this tea is awesome ! It also does n't taste like dirt !
 I can rarely find this tea in stores so I order it thru Amazon . It smells like Vicks in a hot cup of water and a lot of my friends do n't like it . But it helps my post-nasal drip and clears my head during this long allergy season . I also like the taste but I think I am in the minority here .
 My husband and I both came down with this dreadful flu going around -LRB- 1/2013 -RRB- . I had some of this tea in my kitchen cupboard and we starting drinking it . It really made us feel better ... tried to find more at the grocery store and the local health food store , but could n't find it . Hope Amazon can get it - they must be out of it because they say it is not available at this time .
 Well , not the healthiest food , but no worse and perhaps a little better than the other non-kosher products . I found these at WalMart but the online prices seem reasonable and the selection is better . I teach , and these little gems helped me get through some long days between classes when I was not able to have anything else . Oh , and they taste good too !
 As someone milk allergic it 's insanely difficult to find ramen that has no milk-based ingredients and that is not made on equipment shared with dairy . Tradition 's products are not made to cater to the allergic but being Kosher parve means they 're suitable . Since they 're parve they should also be fine for vegans although I have n't looked into it.They have a taste almost identical to your standard beef cup noodle . The vegetables rehydrate nicely and the noodles do n't swell up hideously if you let it sit for longer than directed . I was quite pleased since these were the first ramen I 've been able to eat in about three years .
 For those of you who have not tried Gloria Jean 's brand coffee , you are sorely missing out . The flavor and aroma can not be beaten!This butter toffee has a rich buttery flavor and aroma that fills your house with a wonderful mouth watering scent!Excellent !
 We purchased a Cusinart soft serve ice cream maker and the only thing missing was the `` jimmies '' ! I could not find them in the store except in small containers . This is perfect , large container and turns out the company also has spices , wonderful ! Came fast too !
 I had two back to back kids ' birthdays and thought a decorate your own cupcake would be fun , but did n't want to pay $ 2 - $ 3 a bottle for the little ones . I found these and they worked great . I still have a lot left over , which my kids are enjoying . the only thing I did n't like , was I ordered this bottle and the ball sprinkles bottle and was hoping the shipping would be by weight , not by number of products . Overall , I still think it was a cost savings and having only 2 bottles rather than a bunch of little ones is great for the pantry .
 There is no gluten free bread out there like this . This is truly one of a kind . The texture is like normal bread ! The taste is like normal bread ! Make the mix for a pizza crust and you will love it ! I am a Manna from Anna pizza crust junkie ! Or make hamburger buns from the mix - you will really like how great they taste . I ca n't say enough about it !
 I have never written an Amazon review , even though I have been ordering things from Amazon for about six years , but when I read the previous review I just had to write one of my own to counter the extreme negativity of the other one.I LOVE this tea . I mainly drink the earl grey green tea , and it is the smoothest , most mild and tastiest green tea I have ever had , and I have tried many . I love this tea so much that I stock pile it . I went to four different stores trying to find it . Heck , even after purchasing five 16-bag boxes , I am still on the internet trying to order more of the stuff.I say just give it a try . If you have truly been trying to incorporate green tea into your diet , but found it too bitter and strong , then this is the tea for you .
 A little bit dated expression , I know but ... : -RRB- Just in case , if anyone does n't know what WHITE tea is , as opposed to green or black , let 's quote Wikipedia
 This is a light , flavorsome tea . The tangerine flavor livens up the white tea -LSB- I add just a touch of sugar myself , but it is n't necessary -RSB- . The leaves are good quality -LSB- no broken stems and twigs -RSB- and the bags themselves are fun to use . A + in my book .
 I remember these from elementary school , and I 'm sure they 'd been around a while even back then . I 've tried the other Blow-Pop flavors and none compare with this one . The cherry is pretty good , but the `` Whatamelon '' ca n't be beat ! I 'd say for me the biggest appeal is the hard candy shell ; I was never that much of a bubble gum fan , but this is worth it just for the candy .
 this was sooooo deliscious but too bad i ate em too fast and gained 2 pds ! my fault
 dads this is a fun activity with your kids but if you 're not good in the kitchen . You can also say I love you in a fun way .
 This is very nice green tea , it has a strong flavor with lots of caffine but make sure not to over-brew it since it becomes incredibly strong and bitter .
 I did n't know what to expect , first time drinking Pu Erh . This seems to be what it 's all about , and it 's quite a bit of tea . Strong , smooth flavor , and you can feel the health benefits on your system . It feels like a natural cleanser that will attack toxins in your system , but is most importantly very enjoyable to drink . Do n't be surprised if your system feels like it 's turned upside down , this is part of the cleansing process .
 I had a clogged salivatory gland and my doctor told me to purchase lemon drops . I bought these and was very pleased - with the price , shipping and the product itself . It worked very well and I keep a supply handy , just in case .
 I have loved lemon drops for years and was very pleased when I found these on Amazon for the bargain price of 9 dollars . Upon recieving however , I found the packaging was really dented up , and the seller obviously was being cheap on packaging materials , considering it was bulging and I could reach inside ! However , other than that , the actual product was very tasty , abd there are 20 lemon drops per bag , making 60 serving of lemon drops in all . I liked these a lot , and WILL be buying again ! I definately recommend as well!Sincerly , Darrah R. Bortnick
 I have always loved lemon drops and these are just the same as you might remember from your childhood . Great .
 Its sad that you ca n't send cough drops to school with your kids anymore but they can have candy in class . These work great as cough drops .
 Using this product , our reflux happy baby has gotten much better , and I have changed my clothes less as well . !!! ha ha
 This is a great tasting soup with lots of noodles . I love it and so does my family.Would recommend to anyone who likes soup !
 If you are someone who could care less about carbs and the Atkins diet , Splenda is an awesome sugar substitute . Some dont have a choice on whether or not they can have sugar , Splenda is the best substitute I can find . That includes my grandfather as well . Thank you for Spenda !!
 Glad to see someone decided to put GRANULAR Splenda in a larger package!The Splenda `` in the bag '' is DIFFERENT from that in packets ! It containsmaltodextrin -- as do the packets ... BUT NO DEXTROSE ! Dextrose , and sucralose , -LRB- the main ingredient -RRB- , are both SUGARS ... but Sucralose , of course , is sugar with a hydrogen atom changed for a carbon atom , -LRB- or some such thing -RRB- ... and so a new , safer `` sugar '' results ! No `` cloying '' taste , when used to excess , as `` real '' sugar has . So , sucraLOSE , though a sugar , is a sugar of `` a different sort '' ... a safer sort , for diabetics and pre-diabetics . Granular Splenda has ONLY Sucralose and Maltodextrin ... whilst the PACKET variety ADDS the Dextrose ... Another form of sugar which is NOT as safe , -LRB- for diabetics and pre-diabetics -RRB- , as sucralose is ! -LRB- If you do n't believe me that a different formula is in each variety , read the labels , as I did ! -RRB- This said , I have heard my sister say that there is research that sucralose COULD lead to a shortening of `` t '' cells in the body ... the cells that grow shorter , anyway , as we age . So , imbibing sucralose -- in any form -- could shorten life ... according to what my sister has heard and said , anyway . How much it shortens life -- if at all -- is something I do n't know . What I DO know is that diabetes -- in any form -- can definitely shorten life , if not treated properly ! I 'm a pre-diabetic -- who actually got Type II -- then lost it , -LRB- because I lost 30 pounds ! -RRB- This may not work for everyone ... but it did work for me , so I pass the info on . A quite thin friend of mine has Type II . She also has a very negative attitude towards life . Losing weight obviously will not help her . Having a more optimistic , -LRB- yet still realistic -RRB- attitude will . But it 's hard to convince nt negatively-minded friend of this . Hopefully , this advice of trying to be more positive -- and also losing weight , if possible -- can help others . Nope -- life is n't perfect for anyone . But if you sit down , and list the 10 best things in your life in one column , and the 10 worst things in another , you 'll see how things balance out , and hopefully , get a more realistically-positive view on life ! Hopefully , too , this realistically-positive attitude -- combined with excercise and diet -- can help regulate ... or , perhaps , eventually eliminate , any person 's case of diabetes . Certainly , excercise , good thoughts , losing weight , and correct diets , ca n't hurt . Even using Splenda Granulated ca n't hurt -- too much -- if one cuts down , just a bit.All in all , Splenda Granuated is a great product , and I 'm SO glad to see it is now in the `` super-economy '' size . When I looked at the `` 5-pound equivalent bag '' , I noticed Amazon is n't sellong that any more . But a notice that the larger-size bag IS being sold on Amazon , should be mentioned there ! Splenda Granulated , even if does break down T-cells -LRB- quickly or slowly ... I do n't know -RRB- , is still a great product ! Use in moderation -- or as moderately as you can -- though !
 I bought several items from Barry Farms , all of which were very fairly priced and arrived promptly . It is not always easy to find pumpkin seeds that are shelled , ready to consume . Pumpkin seeds are chewier than sunflower kernels and can be tough or stale , but Barry 's are crisp-chewy . Because I snack on them and toss them in the nightly salad , I have n't added them to homemade crackers , breads and muffins as planned , but I think they 'll be ideal for those projects when I order more .
 They came ... they were delicious . I like to toast them for salads and these were just right for that . They are yummy .
 I have found pumpkin seeds to be helpful with BPH and this supplier sends a good product . Product was sent quickly and is a good value .
 keeping my son healthy at college , plus he plays sports n dont want him eatin to much junk buy em
 Good pumpkin seeds , tasty and fresh , not to mention healthy . Reasonable price , too , so I was happy with my purchase .
 The bag was much larger than I anticipated , still going through it . According to DR. OZ , pepitos or pumpkin seeds are a great source of fiber and a good way to loose weight . I mix these into salads , into trail mix , or as just a quick snack at my desk . The seeds are NOT salted , which is great because I like to monitor salt on my food anyway - this way you are not left with overly salty -LRB- and unhealthy -RRB- snacks . Great Value and Great Taste !
 The cans of formula were convenient , and my baby had no problems with switching from the powder to this version of ready-to-feed . However , beware of the shipping - unfortunately , it was not packed well , and we had many dented cans .
 Very handy and easy to have around , especially if traveling . Must be willing to use all 8 ounces or will need to refrig rest .
 Used these ready bottles with my first and will be doing so with my second . I spent the extra dollars and bought enough for the first few weeks and then some . Then I switch to the cans and/or powder . These bottles are great . You keep them at room temp . and just add the top to a bottle . Just easier for the first few weeks .
 First of all this is the best formula ever . Never any issues with baby like constipation or spit-up . There is a reason why similac is # 1 and what the hospital gives bottle fed babies from day 1 ! Great stuff.The best thing about this can size is the ready to feed small portion . You are not paying much more than the bigger ready to feed bottles . And over the time you actually use formula , ready to feed is not a LOT more than powder.You take these with you to Grandma 's house . Or when you are travelling . This way you can pop open a can and pour into bottle . When you leave baby with Grandma you can not waste a huge 32oz can.These fit great in your baby travel bag too . They will not smash and are nearly indestructible.In a pinch if you run out of the bigger bottles , you can always use one of these . They are very heavy boxes , but amazon happily delivers them to your door . No need to lug this heavy box set of baby food from the store.I use Amazon Prime to ensure my deliveries are always on time.Only small issue is when they run out of stock . But Since this formula lasts for well over a year , you can be sure to stock up . Amazon is usually price competitive to -LSB- ... -RSB- . But be sure to compare prices and availability . As each supplier will run low on stock at some point . Even the stores run out sometime.Amazon has the best delivery on this convient baby formula . A must for those who love to take baby out often !
 This is my favorite pesto in the world . You can eat it on everything ... well , a lot of things , anyhow . In addition to pasta , this is delicious on toast , and on hardboiled eggs . Truly , I promise .
 they really should Promote the fact that this is an organic tea . that fact alone would attract more people to give it a shot.i drink and serve tea every single day . only loose-leaf teas , never anything in a bag.compare this tea with Adagio 's dragonwell tea . compare it also with Peet 's Tea . i believe this tea to be of slightly lower quality than Peet 's . About the same as Adagio . but half the price of either . plus , it 's organic!for the best tasting pot of tea you should rinse the leaves for about 20-30 seconds first . use hot water - the same temperature that you will use for making the tea . you can steep the leaves 3 times for good , flavorful pots of tea . add about a minute to each successive steep . i tend to go with 1.5 minutes , 2.5 minutes , then 3.5 minutes . works for me.perhaps because it 's organic , its sweetness actually comes through more boldly than its characteristic nuttiness . my students love it as well and have commented consistently on how much MORE they like THIS brand to the others i have bought.dragonwell is , by far , my favorite green tea . i 've paid as much as $ 65/lb . in the past because i like it so much.from now on i am very happy to buy from Special Teas . very impressive !
 I really liked this tea . Besides green tea bags from Bigelow , etc. , this was my 1st loose tea like this . It is a pale color , which I like because I worry about tea staining my teeth . The taste is sweet so I do not use any sugar or sweeteners . It 's had a beneficial affect on my spouse 's blood pressure , which is why we tried it . I thought I would need a tea ball , but I really do n't - the leaves sink to the bottom . If I ingest an occasional leaf , it has a sweet , nutty flavor .
 This longjing is a great quality -- although it 's not as early of a harvest or good for multiple infusions as some more expensive grades , you ca n't beat the great chestnut/classic longjing flavor for the price . It 's got great flavor , just not the complexity held by higher grades.If you 're new to longjing , this would be a good one to try -- it 's not too delicate or difficult to brew -LRB- it does n't bitter too easily -RRB- , but it 's also got good enough qualities that you 'll start yourself off with a pretty solid standard . If you 're already a longjing fan , I recommend this one for everyday drinking as a good tea for the money . Enjoy !
 I absolutely positiviely love love love this candy ! I will be ordering it again . It is so delicious and creamy , and it arrived in a wonderful box and was n't damaged by anyk shipping process , either . This candy is so very good !
 I have been drinking this tea for more than 30 years and I have never tired of it . I really enjoy it without milk . If you have not tried it , do n't hesitate . It is pleasant and cooling in the summer as ice tea too .
 good clean funwell almostgood yesfun yesclean not with a 21/2 - year-old . Easy to clean up after a lot of fun .
 Easy and delicious . We had a blast . There is a ton of dough here . Highly reccomended for playdates .
 If you want to have fun with your kids I highly recommend this product . Obviously , we did n't create any figures near as nice as the one shown on the box , but it was still whole lot of fun . You get the creativity of Play-Doh with the fun of being able to eat your creations . Well we started eat the creations before they were out of the bowl . Simple , easy , no cooking experience needed .
 Very good capers . There are better out there , but these are very good for daily use .
 FOR THOSE WHO APPRECIATE CAPERS , THIS IS THE ONLY WAY TO BUY . THEY ARE THE SOMETIMES DIFFICULT TO FIND SMALLER BUDS , AND THE PRICE CA N'T BE BEAT ... PLUS , THEY WILL LAST FOREVER IN YOUR FRIG ! HAVING A GOOD SUPPLY AT A GOOD PRICE WILL ENCOURAGE SOME ADVENTUROUS COOKING .
 Where we live the only place to buy capers is in large stores that sell only very small jars of capers . With these the price is right and the product is fine . I actually ordered two jars but somehow the Amazon webpage recorded only one . So , I guess I 'll have to pay shipping again . Good stuff , though .
 This tea is the perfect amount of spice , sweet and warmth to it . They have clear directions for steeping and so reasonable . Its the only tea I buy now .
 I work 12 hour days and lived on coffee and Gatorade ... . Until I tried VitaminWater Essential . It has replaced forever my other cold beverages . Soda and other soft drinks were just too sicky-sweet to drink all day long . I found the Essential orange flavor just right . It has a long way to go to replace my coffee -LRB- hehehe -RRB- , but I do recommend it to anyone.PS
 I think orange juice is ... okay I do n't really like it but I love this product it is worth the money !
 This cereal is so wonderful ! It is healthy and delicious ... great fiber , too . I started eating this in the early 1980 ' 3 , and thought it was no longer made until I just discovered it at a Target superstore recently . I wonder why things that are as good as this are not kept active on shelves ?? I also searched online and found you can buy this from Quaker online under their Hard to Find products store section .
 I do not eat this cereal in a bowl at breakfast , but bake a box with butter , romano cheese , and onion powder . Sometimes I add pretzels and nut . Guest rave that this is a wonderful alternative to chex mix . I have also used it to mske muffins .
 I absolutely love this cereal . It 's really for adults - not too sweet and just right out-of-the box . It stays crunchy in milk , and has five grams of fiber per serving . It 's not Captain Crunch and I guess that 's why it 's so hard to find .
 I am not a kid , but I speak for my kids , that this is a great ceral . I can not find it in the stores here which is frustrating . It is low fat , high fiber and not too sugary . Great as a cereal or as a dry snack .
 I 'm not really a kid , but I figured I 'd use this anyway.This stuff is great . A good crunch , and slightly sweet -LRB- not sugary -RRB- . It 's available on and off in the grocery store here . It 's also really fun to eat , since it 's basically a thick puff . I usually eat it dry as a snack .
 I 've been a fan of Quaker Corn Bran since I was a kid back in the 1980 's . It 's not too sugary , and is great with milk or alone . The puffs have a nice sweet taste that makes you want to eat more . But that 's OK , cause Corn Bran is good for you and tastes good too.The only problem is it 's so hard to get this one at the supermarket . Whenever I see it , I buy at least two or three boxesNice to find this here . Now if they could only get Vanilla Wafer Cookie Crisp back on the shelf ...
 Why is it that I can never find this delicious and healthy cereal at the grocery store ? This is one of the mysteries of life . It is low calorie - and as everyone has said - crunchy - and stays crunch in milk but it is MIA in the stores . In a day and age where so many kids are obese - get with the program , grocery store people . Stock this cereal !
 Why oh why is this such a difficult product to buy?It 's the perfect cereal , as others have attested .
 When I was a child , my parents used to feed me this cereal as a snack -LRB- without milk -RRB- and called it `` dog food '' for fun . Ever since , this is what I 've called it - even though it is the best cereal ever ... reminiscent of Corn Pops - with more crunch , it is great for any meal . The ` Dog Food ' is loaded with healthy fiber and keeps you from feeling hungry for much longer than the sugary cereals -LRB- somehow it 's still the perfect amount of sweet -RRB- . I ran out a few months ago - whenever I find a store that sells it , they stop a few months later -LRB- locally
 I was a huge fan of this cereal when I was a child . After not being able to locate it for years , I finally found some at a specialty grocery store . Any time I see it I buy at least 2 or 3 boxes . It tastes great and has a lot of vitamins and fiber .
 I am in the same boat with 90 % of the people posting here ; a child of the 80s this stuff was always in the house growing up and man did I love it.Now , older and a little wiser I often seek this to no avail at varios Wal-Mart and Kroger stores here in Ohio , I have yet to find it.When I lived in Tampa FL a few years back , Publix carried it , this is useful information for anyone who has found themselves in my situation.A semi sweet , sandy consistency makes up the squares in this cereal , they have excellent crunch and you can taste the fiber with a hint of what I think is brown sugar.If you ever see this stuff in a store pick it up and try it , the box is a throw back to the 70s but the taste is timeless .
 Sure , this is a great snack for children . Better than cheerios . But , as evidenced by many other reviews here , it 's great for adults , too . It 's lightly sweet , and very grainy . When I come home , I ca n't stop snacking on them.But the biggest selling point -LRB- as Quaker has over the years started to realize -RRB- is that it 's unbelievably crunchy . If you like crunchy cereal , this is your most favorite cereal in the world . My mother does not like crunchy cereal , but loves this stuff anyway . To demonstrate how crunchy this stuff is , to get it suitably soggy SHE HAS TO SOAK IT OVERNIGHT . Rice Krispies ? Ten minutes . Cheerios ? Maybe half an hour . This stuff could patch leaks in submarines .
 If you like peaches you wo n't go wrong here . Received well packaged , few if any were broken and absolutely delicious . I used these at a candy bar for a wedding reception and they looked so nice when I just stuck them by the stick into a piece of styrofoam sitting in a simple glass bowl then covered the styrofoam with colored easter grass . Big Hit
 this information is good i just wonder is this the best medicinal herb in earth ?!!! some one who knows can whrite to me on this Imail
 My husband and I are connoisseurs of Indian food and this is pretty good for ready to eat food in a package . Its nicely spiced , low in calories and sodium . I highly recommend this brand and the rajma in particular .
 We originally found these Indian meals in a few of our local grocery stores some years ago . Unfortunately they have been growing increasingly hard to find locally . I was very happy to find them here on Amazon , and it 's especially nice that they qualify for free shipping . Our family loves them - they are spicy , but not overly , and we find them rich with flavor and quite filling . They 're quick to prepare in the microwave , just 2 minutes , so they 're great for an evening when we 're short on time to cook -LRB- they are best served over rice or quinoa , so that does add to the prep time -RRB- . They are by no means a diet meal , so we consider them a special treat from time to time . They 're shelf stable and keep for months , so we keep a supply of several varieties of these Kohinoor meals in our emergency pantry for weather or other emergency use -LRB- they 're fully cooked , so they can be eaten cold if necessary , and we think they 're quite good that way as well -RRB- . We 've even taken them on trips when renting a cabin . I prefer the whole meal packs that include the pre-cooked rice in the package , particularly for use in our emergency pantry , but those can be even harder to find .
 The packaging states that it is for toddlers 12 months + but I compared the nutritional value with standard formulas and it is pretty much the same . This is the only formula I found on the market that does not use hexane to extract the DHA , whereas , I read that Earths Best and other organic formulas use Martek DHA which is extracted using hexane , a neurotoxin.They recommend breastfeeding which is the only reason it is not specified for infants under a year . It is fine . my baby is growing and developing normally .
 This is the only Soy Formula that I can find that has a rice-syrup base as opposed to all of the others that have a corn-syrup base . My chilren are intolerant to corn as they are to dairy as are many others .
 My son has a Dairy Protein allergy and was not gaining weight and was colicky . As soon as we got him on this at 3 months old he gained weight and felt so much better . He is 18 months and is still drinking this and loves it . The package says toddler formula because the company promotes breast feeding until 12 months . The formula meets and exceeds the standards for infant formula . The company is wonderful and you can call and ask them anything . This is also one of the only formula that guarantees no BPA in any of their packaging . I would recommend this Brand to Everyone .
 This is the only formula that did not cause my infant to spit up non stop . As other reviewers have noted , it does say for 12mo + toddlers but it was the only one that my child could tolerate . She is growing as expected at 13mo and our colick days are now behind us .
 My son is dairy intolerant , but not soy intolerant so this was an excellent choice . I love that there is no high fructose corn syrup in it . It has a sweet and pleasant scent , unlike other non-dairy formulas . I would recommend it to anyone .
 To be able to find a formula that I feel good about using to supplement breastfeeding . This is Organic , GMO free , in safe packaging and reasonably priced . Also , my daughter took to it immediately ! Very pleased with this purchase . P.S. . This says `` toddler , '' but I used it with my 5 month old with no problems !
 After learning that the organic brand I was buying used BPA in their packaging , I decided to switch brands . I did hours of research before deciding on this brand . After consulting my child 's pediatrician , I decided to switch to this brand . Baby 's Only Organic Soy formula is awesome!It 's organic . There are not many brands that make an organic soy formula.My daughter rarely spits up since she started using this formula.It is the ONLY formula I have found that is in a COMPLETELY BPA-FREE container -LRB- check the company 's website http://www.naturesone.com/soy/frequent-questions/ -RRB- . It is the only organic medical soy formula I have found.The soybeans used are COMPLETELY FREE OF GENETICALLY MODIFIED ORGANISMS -LRB- GMO 's -RRB- . No corn syrup.The canisters are partially made from recycled materials.The canisters are able to be recycled.The canisters are made from paperboard , not tin.Note
 This is a great soy formula choice . the ONLY complaint i have is that it only comes in a small can . i breast feed , but for about a week i had to supplement each daytime feeding and for a couple of weeks i supplemented one feeding a day . i used an organic milk based formula and my son broke out with eczema on his forehead . i had read that that can be indicative of a milk formula allergy . when i started using this soy formula , my son 's eczema cleared up . i no longer have to supplement , but do n't make enough additional milk to mix in his cereal so i use this soy formula in his cereal .
 ... came just when I needed it . My son showed signs of dairy , corn , and potato intolerance . Our daughter had the same issues and we used Alimentum Ready-to-feed . It was just to expensive . This is a great alternative . Only drawback is he might get slightly backed up with it . I just added some pear juice .
 I have used all 3 varieties of Baby 's Only formula , starting with LactoRelief when my son was 5 weeks old . We originally tried the Dairy formula and he was constipated , but the LactoRelief ended 5 weeks of absolute hell . My son was sensitive to lactose and we thought it was acid reflux . After trying medication , we switched to Baby 's Only and it worked instantly , like a charm . I was very grateful . I wrote a lengthy review for that product on its respective page . At six months , we decided to try Dairy again and my son still seemed a little uncomfortable , so we tried the Soy , which is much cheaper than LactoRelief , which we had a hard time affording . Soy worked great ! He took to it with no problems whatsoever . His stools were the same as when we were using the LactoRelief , and he did n't seem to notice any difference in taste.The only thing I do n't like about the Soy formula is that it does not mix well . At all . LactoRelief mixes better , Dairy mixes best . In order to get Soy to mix I have to use a spoon . Even swishing instead of shaking and using warm water does not help.On a side note , my son has eczema and I thought switching to soy formula might clear it up . It did not.I love Nature 's One , the company that makes this . They are in a neighboring state and shipping to my house is overnight and free ! They seem very committed to using quality , healthy ingredients . I look forward to using their products for the last 5 months we need formula .
 This product came on time . It is a very good product and my grandbaby loves it.I would always order it from this company . Excellent product !
 This formula was an answer to our prayers . My son had terrible reflux from birth that was not responding to medications . We did a blood test for allergies , and they all came up negative . After a lot of research I purchased a book called ` What 's eating my Child ' . The author suggested that many children may have food intolerances rather than allergies . On my own I became curious if my son was intolerant to corn -LRB- because there is almost no formula without corn products as an ingredient -RRB- . Baby 's Only Formula is the ONLY one I could find that did n't use a corn product as their base . Also , baby 's only promises that they do not use genetically modified ingredients of any kind -LRB- which I feel pretty strongly about -RRB- . My son took to it well . We switched cold turkey and he had no adverse reactions . His reflux was completely gone within one week and he was off of all medications within a month . He is happy and after dealing with his pain for so many months , I ca n't even explain what an advocate I am of this product !
 It 's a good formula my baby enjoy ! Order arrived on time ! I just wish there where bigger canister ! Also the canister comes with diferent amount in it I bought two canister at the same time the first one I openned was not full it was missing more than 1/4 . When I openned the second canister it was full .
 Check out baby 's only website . The dartmouth study was irresponsible at best . And then you have the henny pennys like justbooking . We are going to try the soy version . The dairy one caused horrific constipation when he was 4 weeks old . He is now 5 months . We just found out our ds has a milk and egg allergy . And the ingredients in prosobee which we are using make me cringe . Plus it 's causing intermittent constipation .
 UPDATE -LRB- 12/12 -RRB-
 I got these when they were on sale . Pretty good chips . Not greasy and have a very tangy flavor , more so then most sour cream and onion chips I 've tried . I have n't actually looked to see if they are any better for you then your normal chips .
 I do n't see this in stores too often but my husband loves white Kit Kat bars . I ordered some for his birthday and he loved them . Good price and it 's exactly what you would expect .
 Kit Kat White Chocolate Candy Bar 24 ct , I love white chocolate so I had to get this Item . Kit Kat is a great candy bar and 24 of them in a box , very dangerous , I got it for Halloween , after eating two of the bars I gave the rest away and I am glad I did because if I kept it at home as I wanted to , I would have eaten the whole box , really , is that good ! It 's not that chocolaty , it only has less then 2 % of cocoa butter , however Kit Kat is very Creamy and Sweet ... and crunchy of course ! I love it . Thank You
 I am highly allergic to caffeine . Unfortunately chocolate fits this category . The reaction can be a deadly one for me . I wish more chocolate products would use the white chocolate . The white chocolate version of the KIt Kat bar is soo good .
 My daughter can not have milk or dark chocolate . A few Halloweens ago , we found some white chocolate KitKat bars that had been tinted orange . She was ecstatic , as KitKats were always her favorite candy bar . I bought up all they had . We have n't gotten them back in our area for several years , so she has gone candy bar-less for quite some time . I found these online and purchased them . I got them very quickly . I ca n't wait for her to open them on Christmas morning !
 My order for my came quickly and without any damage . I was right on time and enjoy every bite . It 's time to order again and you can guess where I will order from again .
 I was so glad to find these on-line . My son fell in love with the candy at Halloween and I wanted Santa to bring him some too . The price was fair and the cady was delivered in great condition with a good expiration date . The only thing keeping them from 5 star is the length of time it took to get to me . I would reccommend this vendor to others.Thanks
 My friends and I find these tastier than the regular Kit Kat bars . Whay they are not more widely available is beyond me .
 I do n't EVER write reviews , however after helping a friend do some moving in the heat he offered me half of one from the freezer . I had them at room temp before and it was very good . Chilling them is even better . Delicious and yummy product that I am now buying cases of them to stockpile in my new man-cave !
 I first ran across these in a hospital gift shop . White chocolate is my weakness and these kit kats soon became my obsession . I even persuaded the school bookstore manager to purchase them and once she did , I pretty much bought half of the box , lol . Price quickly became an issue so once I saw these on Amazon , somewhat cheaper , I was sold . Price was only a few bucks cheaper than if I 'd bought the whole box from the store and I do wish it was cheaper , but it 'll do .
 I ordered a box of chocolate candy bars . I received it promptly and in perfect condition . The candy had a very good expiration date .
 Looked everywhere for this candy , but could not find it . Very happy & satisfied finding this box . Great deal & would highly recommend purchasing to all .
 I am not normally a white chocolate person but these are delicious . Shipped fast and candy was all intact when the item arrived . Definitely cheaper than buying individually and I can not find this size box at places like Costco or Sam 's Club .
 excellent product , fresh , arrived promptly , great packaging . Will purchase again.Bought the larger size so one bar lasts longer ... just never long enough LOL
 I first had this at a friend 's house and had to get some . The taste is great and probably my favorite . The best part is you can brew really strong coffee without getting the bitterness .
 Before joining the military back about about a bazillion years ago , I was n't a coffee drinker . Never cared for the stuff . As fate would have it , my first duty station was in Germany , and required many long shifts at odd hours . I begrudgingly began to drink the stuff -LRB- and surly everyone has heard about military coffee , all of it is true -RRB- . By accident I happened across Jacobs coffee , and began to drink the stuff for pure enjoyment . Drank it by the pot , I did , loved the stuff ... And then I rotated back to the states . This was before the days of the luxury of the internet , and my beloved coffee was not to be found ... After 911 , I went overseas again , and managed to bring back some Arabic coffee , but it was a poor substitute . And then I found amazon.com . Love this site , and the things I can find on it . I 'm reviewing this purchase not for the coffee -LRB- which , by now , I think I 've gotten the point across that I love to death -RRB- , but rather the grate deal I got on it .
 We love this cofee , in Europe we use it a lot buy it and you will see the difference!We are so happy that we can find this brand on AMAZON , thank you very much .
 Best coffee . I love this one . It is strong but has a mild taste . I dring this coffee every day 2-3 times a day and I really love it . Thanks !
 This is the only coffee we will drink -LRB- for us it 's German coffee or nothing -RRB- . Fabulous , powerful taste , I highly recommend it .
 this was sooooo deliscious but too bad i ate em too fast and gained 2 pds ! my fault
 The shipping is always excellent , and the product is amazing ! My family loves the white chocolate coconut clusters , and only a membership to Weight Watchers is preventing me from ordering it more frequently !
 I have given a Roland Wild Caper Berry to ten of my close family and friends , and guess what ? They LOVED them ! Each and every person wants to buy a case or share in purchasing a case -- they all know what a great food feels like , tastes like , and excites like!These little berries can be placed in Oyster Shooters , like my favorite restaurant in Port Angeles , Michael 's , utilizes the berries , or the berries can be tossed in a killer Pasta Putanesca ; they really can become any cooks close friend .
 Got these for a friend who loves Caper Berries in his martini.He 's so pleased ... thanks for extremely cost effective gift !
 Great in martins and garnish for salads , smoked fish , etc. ! Hard to find in stores , only a seasonal item at times .
 Great flavor ! I 've tried other cocoa spiced teas and this is by far the best . Other types I 've tried have had too much of a spiced flavor and not enough cocoa . This one is pleasantly balanced with just enough spice flavor with the cocoa . It 's definitely worth a try !
 I really like the Cocoa Spice for a winter evening . With a dollop of whipped cream and extra milk , it is excellant for hot cocoa and a warm relaxing nite with a good book.Maybe a touch of spirits if you desire .
 I bought this tea several years ago and loved it . The store that i bought it from stopped carrying it and I could n't find it . I am so happy to have this tea again . I love to drink this when I want the flavors of cocoa without the heaviness , sweetness and calories .
 This is one of my favorite of the Yogi Teas . It has a coffee-like depth because of the cocoa . I would have liked a bit more cocoa in it , although the flavor is distinctly present .
 That 's the only way I can really describe this tea . Like diluted hot chocolate . Less diluted if you at milk/cream to your tea . Not a super phenomenal tea that I 'd be raving about , but if someone wanted a `` chocolatey '' tea , I 'd give them this . I 'd buy it again if I saw it in the store , but I would n't break my neck to find it .
 I 've been drinking Yogi Tea 's Licorice flavor for about two years . I thought it was about time I try something new ... and Cocoa Spice is just it!Without sweetener or creamer , the immediate taste upon entering your mouth is a sweet soothing taste followed by a strong , spicy zest that tingles down your throat after swallowed . Almost like those `` hot '' cinnamon disc hard candies . This is one of the few teas I can drink without any sweetener . As with most teas , the minute you add sugar the taste is intensified ! An extremely delightful tea.My favorite way to drink Cocoa Spice is-1 teabag12oz of hot water2 packets of Splenda -LRB- or a teaspoon of sugar on my `` bad '' days -RRB- 1 tablespoon of half-n-halfAmazing !!! Try it out sometime !
 This is a great tea and you can even sprinkle in a little hot chocoate & cool whip and it is even better yet !
 By gum ! This might be the finest Cocoa Spice tea I 've ever had ! Of course , since I have n't had any yet , it might actually be the worst Cocoa Spice tea I 've ever had ! My cube-mate just gave me a single packet of it . Since I only have the one tea bag , I 'm debating waiting until 2012 and seeing if the world actually ends . If it does , I 'll be sipping this tea and trying to get on the Mayan 's good side as civilization collapses around me . Delicious !
 The shipping is always excellent , and the product is amazing ! My family loves the white chocolate coconut clusters , and only a membership to Weight Watchers is preventing me from ordering it more frequently !
 This bancha is excellent ! I drink a cup in the morning and one in the afternoon . I find that is soothes my stomach on the metro ride in . Sometimes the metro cars are a bit bumpy and I feel a little queezy.In the afternoon I sometimes have a cup of the bancha as a pick me up . It 's a lot better than a cup of coffee for me.The tea comes in a zip lock pouch so it 's easy to keep .
 This is a very good Bancha , do n't let it steep too long and follow the directions for heating the water .
 I was very pleased with the flavor and quality of this tea . Also loved that I got an extra box at no cost in my order .
 Just wanted you to know that I received my product . I am very satisfied with my tea.The taste is pleasant and the tea has medicinal benefits . Besides , if Dr. O says it 's goodfor you , it must be ... RIGHT ?
 Junket is my fast and easy homemade ice cream solution . The chocolate is rare in stores so it 's great to find it here . All you have to do is add 13/4 cup milk and 1/4 cup heavy cream to this mix , blend and add to your quart-sized ice cream maker . It 's wonderful .
 Made it the other day using only whole milk , no heavy cream . Excellent mouth feel and you save a lot of fat/calories .
 I was reluctant to try a powdered mix in my machine , but I was pleasantly rewarded with an easy-to-use product that really tastes delicious ! It 's just as good as any store-bought ice cream , and better than most !
 I received a Cuisinart ice cream machine for Christmas and have been enjoying creating different flavors of ice cream . Junket ice cream mixes are difficult to beat for ease and taste . For a real treat , add a half cup of Nutella to the Junket chocolate mix for chocolate-hazelnut ice cream . You wo n't be disappointed ! I just wish both Junket and Nutella made sugar-free ! THAT would be true heaven !
 The shipping is always excellent , and the product is amazing ! My family loves the white chocolate coconut clusters , and only a membership to Weight Watchers is preventing me from ordering it more frequently !
 What is not to like ! I got it as a gift for someone and received it fast . It was wrapped in fancy paper and I did n't really even have to wrap it .
 I highly recommend this product . It is really easy to make , and it is very good .
 The Japanese tea tradition began in the 9th century AD -LRB- during the Heian Period , 794 - 1192 , when the Japanese capital was Heian-kyo , the present-day Kyoto -RRB- , when Buddhist monks returning from diplomatic missions to China brought back tea , to which their Chinese brethren had introduced them as a means of intensifying alertness during meditation . In those days , tea leaves were steamed , pounded into lumps -LRB- dancha -RRB- and dried . To make tea , the brown lumps were ground into small particles , then boiled in teapots . 300 years later , a monk named Eisai , the founder of the influential Rinzai sect of Zen Buddhism , introduced the processing method used in Chinese Zen temples , which involved the use of powdered green tea -LRB- maccha -RRB- , whisked into hot water . Inspired by Eisai 's teachings that tea was a means to ensure longevity , its consumption quickly became popular at court , as well as among the feudal lords -LRB- daimyo -RRB- and among the newly formed samurai warrior class . With the advent of tea merchants and tea houses between the 14th and 16th century , the custom of drinking tea spread further throughout Japan , even inspiring tea tasting competitions regarding the origin of the served tea in many towns and villages.Sencha -LRB- rolled green tea -RRB- and its preparation was introduced into Japan by influential 17th century Chinese monk Yinyuan -LRB- Ingen in Japanese -RRB- , the founder of the Obaku sect of Zen Buddhism . Sencha leaves are processed by steaming , rolling them into needle shapes and drying them in a procedure designed to maintain their green color . This kind of tea eventually became particularly popular among those Japanese writers and artists who admired any and all things Chinese -LRB- bunjin -RRB- , inter alia calligrapher Ike no Taiga -LRB- 1723-76 -RRB- , scholar and poet Ueda Akinari -LRB- 1734-1809 -RRB- and historian and poet Rai San ` yo -LRB- 1781-1832 -RRB- . By the first half of the 19th century -LRB- late Edo period , named for the new capital Edo , today 's Tokyo -RRB- , tea masters began to appear and sencha tea ceremony schools gained in importance.Today , tea is a daily part of Japanese life , with production equally divided between the western island of Kyushu and Shizuoka Prefecture on the central island of Honshu , the home of Mount Fuji . The elaborate Japanese tea ceremony was perfected in the 16th and 17th century , first using powdered green tea -LRB- maccha -RRB- and later rolled green tea -LRB- sencha -RRB- . Both ceremonies are still practiced today ; however , Sencha accounts for about 80 % of the tea consumed in modern-day Japan , where it is known as `` nichijo-sahan-ji '' -LRB- `` everyday tea meal affair '' -RRB- .
 This product was just what we were looking for . My wife loves making dolmas , and I love eating them so ... it worked out Great ! So , Thank You .
 Well this chocolate is sooooooooooooo good , it 's addictive and I 'm caught.Makes me have to bump up my workout though but It 's very very good .
 The shipping is always excellent , and the product is amazing ! My family loves the white chocolate coconut clusters , and only a membership to Weight Watchers is preventing me from ordering it more frequently !
 This bancha is excellent ! I drink a cup in the morning and one in the afternoon . I find that is soothes my stomach on the metro ride in . Sometimes the metro cars are a bit bumpy and I feel a little queezy.In the afternoon I sometimes have a cup of the bancha as a pick me up . It 's a lot better than a cup of coffee for me.The tea comes in a zip lock pouch so it 's easy to keep .
 This is a very good Bancha , do n't let it steep too long and follow the directions for heating the water .
 Oh my gosh . Have n't seen these candy bars in so long and just had to have them . 24 of them ! . Think I will be eating them for a long time ! They arrived quickly , all in one piece , no broken or glued together ones , very fresh tasting . I have eaten only one so far ! Willpower is fading though ! Love the `` no chocolate '' and especially the coconut and peanut butter together taste ! Do need a paper towel or something to catch the wayward tiny , little pieces of toasted coconut ! Man , are they good and fresh ! Looked around locally , could n't find them and yea !! Amazon came through again !
 Zagnut bars are made of coconut and peanut butter . The coconut does not stand out as much as the peanut butter . Strangely enough , it , in almost all ways , resembles a butterfinger without the sticky and thick aftertaste . -LRB- and yes , one of hersheys non chocolate treats . -RRB- Trust me , I just bought 8 pounds -LRB- lbs -RRB- worth ; it tastes pretty great . : -RRB-
 In my opinion , this is probably one of the best tasting snack bars that is not chocolate .
 For all you lovers of the old Clark and Zagnut Bars , this is a delicious walk down the old candy lane .
 We have a senior at the church that had be looking for them for years , she is one happy person now she has her zagnut .
 This was a great find . The price was the best I &#8217; ve found.It does exactly what I was looking for it to do .
 My husband was happily surprised to find a case of this candy under the tree . He talked about eating the candy with his grandpa when he was 8 years old . It was a storey i had never heard before and it was a fond memory that I was able to give him again .
 I bought this for a Christmas present for our neighbor . We are unable to get this candy in Texas for some reason . I never tasted it but it sure sounds wonderful .
 I love these candy bars and ca n't find them in any local stores . They came quickly and were delicious
 What more can I say , this is the best candy bar I have ever had . Some have compared it to Butterfinger , but that 's not a fair comparison , this is much much better . Only downside is that it tends to crumble when trying to bite into it , so it 's best to eat it over a napkin or plate so you can retrieve the pieces that `` get away '' It reminds me of the Jerry Seinfeld episode where everyone started eating candy bars on a plate with a knife and fork . Do n't need a knife or fork with this , but a plate or something to catch the parts that crumble off -LRB- to avoid wasting them -RRB- is pretty much a necessity . It is so good , that putting up with the crumbling is n't any kind of deterrent to enjoying this .
 These are so tasty and it 's nice to be able to order them online because they are not sold in the area where I live .
 Candy bars were delivered on time and without complaint ! Too bad I can only find them online
 Just brings back memories of days past . Not easy to find the product any more . Ordering , processing and delivery went as smooth as silk .
 the product was nice and fresh . Also had a good and fair price . Will buy this product again .
 A candy one can not buy over the shelf , at least here anyway . Our children loved them . Will buy more . Fast shipping , product as expected .
 I buy these candy bars for my son-in-law , who is deployed to Afghanistan . They are his favorite candy of all time and I have not been able to find them in a local store . I 'm so glad they are still available ... they are easy to ship because they do n't melt in the heat ! When I buy a box I send him half then the other half the following month . It 's the least I can do for what he is doing for our country .
 Figured I 'd post this in case there are any people out there looking for the long gone Jalapeno Jack Pasta that Lipton/Knorr used to make . Basically if you are looking to replicate Jalapeno Jack Pasta buy this stuff here and add a spoonful or two of sour cream and some crushed red pepper when you are cooking it . For anyone else looking to spice it up a little bit and make a tasty entree , I encourage you try making this too . We add broccoli and parmesan cheese as well but each to his own . Regardless , this is a quality product even without the additions .
 I really liked this - I only wish that it was a little more seasoned.Great side dish , tho .
 Mexican Rice sides are perfect for a healthy addition to dinnerwhether you are camping out , eating in , or just hungry forthat homemade taste of good Mexican food . Health benefitsfor our family include muscle-building since rice + beans = complete protein . We usually serve a side of jalapeno chimichangawith the rice .
 Easy to make in the microwave . Makes a great side dish . I chop up vegetables in the mini food processor and add them to the rice for my 2 year old .
 This is a great product . It is a staple in our house , we add tomatoes , olives , hamburger and veggies works out terrific .
 After looking for this product in the 5th store , I decided to check Amazon . This is fantastic rice with a great taste . My husband eats fish and I eat steak and ribs . This rice goes with everything . We were literally fighting over the last serving . No one wanted to give it up . Now that I have purchased the case I do n't have to look for it again . Will come back to Amazon like I do everything else .
 This is quick , easy and above all tasty . I use it as a side and also add cooked meat to make a main dish .
 Closest `` red '' Mexican rice since a dinner in Mexico . I add two heaping tbsps . of crumbled bacon and a can of RO-TEL Original diced tomatoes and green chilies . Everyone from college students to a 90 year old love it .
 Yummy - the outside chocolate incases a creamy chocolate with chunks of hazelnut and nut pieces . Chocolatey , creamy , crunchy - what more could you ask for.Mon Cheri are my family 's favorites for the holidays - Santa leaves them in our stockings.This was a great value pack .
 This is one of the best Dark Chocolate Bars with or without sugar I have ever tasted . I even like this one better than many top of the line conventional dark chocolate bars . Tastes like a rich Gran Marnier Dark Chocolate Mousse .
 Definitely ! One of the best sugar free chocolates . You can taste both dark chocolate and orange . It taste good and it is better for you too .
 First off , this is very intense , just a step or two up from baking chocolate in taste , with the same texture as Lindt 80 % cocoa bars . That 's something I never thought I 'd find in sugar free ! It 's so strong , that a smaller amount is more satisfying . If you ca n't get your chocolate dark enough , this is it ! YUM!The only down side ? That bag of sugar-free Dove just lost its appeal ! Here 's hoping that more flavors join the line -LRB- pssst - how about mint ? -RRB-
 This whole line of chocolate is the best sugar free chocolate I have ever tasted . Service is great ; they delivered the last order on Christmas Day !
 Basically if you like almonds , chocolate and coconuts thrown together you will enjoy this product . Almond Joy 's are a timeless classic .
 My family has been in love with Baci 's ever since we lived in Europe . When my daughters were small they coined the term `` Baci Pill '' for whenever they were hurt or not feeling well . They are a wonderful treat , after a meal with espresso or cappuccino . Pop the entire Baci in your mouth and experience the famous Perugina chocolate and then the still crunchy hazelnut center . The Italians do everything with class and this beats a Hershey 's Kiss any day !
 My family has been in love with Baci 's ever since we lived in Europe . When my daughters were small they coined the term `` Baci Pill '' for whenever they were hurt or not feeling well . They are a wonderful treat , after a meal with espresso or cappuccino . Pop the entire Baci in your mouth and experience the famous Perugina chocolate and then the still crunchy hazelnut center . The Italians do everything with class and this beats a Hershey 's Kiss any day !
 Just returned from Italy and was told these little chocolates were the favs of the Italians -- perfect little two-chocolates for gifts -- and gloomy days -- or happy days --
 Delicious candy.Outstanding price for such a rich product.The `` fortunes '' on the inside are an added bonus.Great options relating to packaging .
 I hope that this comes into stock soon . This is REALLY good stuff . I stock up when I am in Ecuador , where it is made , but I go through 7 to 10 bottles of each every year and usually run out.The Chipotle Gold has a bit of a Bar-B-Q taste and the Jalepeno is better than Tobasco green . Neither are scorching hot , but both hold non-trivial heat .
 Well I usually get chewy sprees but Amazon was out of them so I decided to try chewy gobstoppers instead . Now I prefer chewy gobstoppers ! : -RRB-
 Do I really need to make a review about Nutella ??? I do n't think so . If you 've grown up in Italy like I did , you know that this product is not just a delicious hazelnut and chocolate spread , but a direct line to the heavens . Italian kids do n't eat peanut butter -LRB- therefore , no pbj sandwiches ! -RRB- but have Nutella on a thick slice of bread instead . We eat this for breakfast , dipping the slice in some nice hot caffellatte , or as an afternoon snack . And if you 've been good , you get Nutella gelato on the weekend . Nutella is also advertised as a sports food for athletes who need the extra `` energy kick '' . . yeah why not get it from a slurpalicious , divinely decadent chocolate cream spread !
 Simply put ... people love it or hate it . I loveeee Nutella ! I put it on bread , Ritz Crackers , Animal Crackers , Rice Cakes and just eat it straight from a spoon on its own ! It can be taken anywhere and does n't require refrigeration . I suggest `` icing '' yellow cupcakes with it ! Delish treat ! I think everyone should try Nutella once in their life . Its amazing amazing AMAZING !!!!!!
 Shipped quickly and product was as expected . I recommend this product . With vanilla wafers it is great with kids , both big and small .
 I wan na be a fatter man so I bought this :-RRB- It is really good ! -LRB- ok five more words required ! -RRB-
 Creamy , delicious ! Amazing spread on bread with some warm milk ... . one of my favorite foods !! Get this big jar instead of buying almost 4 of the smaller ones for twice as much !
 I may or may not eat this with a spoon on occasion . Yeah , it 's bad for me . But when I want that little bite of indulgence , Nutella is my go-to .
 I have tasted the succulent product of Nutella for the first time in my life . I would say that the consistency , balance of sugary content , and flavor are quite exceptional . -LRB- Would rate 9/10 if it were an option -RRB- Would consume again .
 I am in love with this hazelnut spread made with skim milk and cocoa . Grownups and kids both enjoy and it 's a nice way to get picky eaters to consume whole grain breads . Do n't let the healthy breakfast commercials fool you , there is a ton of sugar in the recommended serving size . My answer to that is that I do n't indulge in the recommended serving size of two tablespoons . You can get by with less and it 's still a tasty way to start the day . I am hooked on this stuff and my local market does n't always have it in stock . I went to two stores that did n't have it and resolved to buy it here on Amazon . Big jar , twice the size of the tiny ones at my local stores . It should last me a while but next time I 'm ordering double jar package !
 Nutella the amazing treatAre you a chocolate lover ? Well if you are , Nutella is what you want!Every day when I come home from school and have a banana I think `` well I do n't want just a normal banana . '' So I go to the cupboard and get some Nutella and boy is it yummy!One of my most favorite thing about this product is it 's smooth and creamy . It 's practically good on anything ! One time I had it on a potato chip and it actually was n't that bad!If you 're on the go they sell little mini jars with crackers on the side , so your kids stay happy and entertained!Another thing I love about is it is healthy for you so it keeps your kids happy and healthy at the same time ! Nutella is not like normal chocolate . it never melts and it stays good for quite some time . You know how some chocolate is a bad habit ? Well this one is the complete opposite.If you 're a chocolate lover this is the chocolate for you !
 Perfect for crepes ! It 's not a peanut butter taste - it 's actually hazelnut which is more delicious . We put on bread for breakfast .
 Having never had Nutella , the scandal over its advertising made me curious , so I went ahead and bought a sample size . It has a unique taste and it is very good . I 'm going to now buy a full size and put it on my morning wheat toast . So take that you haters !
 My daughter loves this . This goes very well with bread , crepe or any sort of breakfast items . It is buttery smooth , and has a rich chocolate flavor . Be warned - It is addictive .
 Love the product , but it came in a container that read '' ... part of a multipack ; not to be sold separetely , '' and the inside seal did n't seem sealed when I opened the lid -LRB- came off very easily , when I opened for the first time -RRB- . But product is apparently perfectly fine . Dangerously delicious : -RRB-
 I eat Nutella almost every morning . I love and my kids love it . It seems to go well with most things . YUMMY !
 It was a smooth transaction . Easy ordering , fast delivery , yummy breakfast birthday biscuits !! YaY ! I will be ordering another jar very very soon .
 I could eat it with a spoon , it 's so good.Being partial to hazel nut chocolates . I love this delicious spread on toast.I put it on a bun and it 's just like a pastry and a more natural one , free of chemicals.Highly recommended , you 'll love it if you have n't tied it yet .
 it is an excellent spread . nutella and peanut butter sandwiches rule .
 This stuff is literally the reason I am overweight ! It is so incredibly delicious I can not even begin to describe it.Try it , you will not regret it !
 This review may sound immature , possibly overly dramatic . this is the only product review I have ever written , normally read them but dont write them . For this product though - it is different . It is an absolute privledge to write a review for Nutella . It is the best thing I have ever tasted - no joke . Nutella is happiness in a plastic jar .
 i bought this in a local grocery store of mine today in curiosity , i expected it to be frosting and not in anyway buttery -LRB- it just didnt seem possible -RRB- i popped off the top of the jar and smelled it . It had a very weak smell i still wasnt expecting much i got a butter knife and slapped on a thick bit of it onto a graham cracker i then proceeded to eat it . WOW this stuff tastes great !!! it has a buttery texture and a nice cocoa taste it isnt horribly sweet but a very subtle chocolate taste , this is great as a dessert with graham crackers or breakfast with toast and a very cold glass of milk . and its a great treat for kids if they arent sugar junkies and can take a less sweet product . overall i would reccomend this 100 %
 This is a really good spread ! The blended nutty flavor really hits the spot . I do n't just spread it on my slices of bread but made cake rolls with it ! making it tasted yummier !
 I toast a cinnamon raisin bagel , slather with peanut butter , add Nutella all around but just along the outside edge ... ahhh - heavenly ! A little bit of Nutella goes a long way . I 'm going to donate my unopened jar of grape Jelly to a food pantry ... it 's never going to be opened as long as I have Nutella in the house .
 I had seen Nutella in the States growing up but did n't really become a heavy user until I lived in Europe for a year . This stuff is amazing - it 's super chocolatey with a hint of hazelnut that gives it a really full-bodied , mature flavor . I usually put it on bagels or English muffins as a quick , satisfying dessert . It 's also great for baking -LRB- Nutella brownies are awesome ! -RRB- In terms of nutrition , the calories per tablespoon of Nutella is pretty close to the American sandwich staple , peanut butter . Nutella does n't have quite as much protein as peanut butter but it also does n't have as much fat or sodium , so there 's a trade off.All in all I LOVE this spread and I always have a big jar in my pantry .
 ... not something you want to eat every day unless you have a robust metabolism -LRB- low-cal this stuff is NOT ! -RRB- but if you allow yourself an occasional splurge this is just AWESOME . I ca n't believe I never tried it until now .
 I bought this to send to my boyfriend , who loves Nutella , and will eat it with pretty much anything , including garlic bread , no joke . He claims that it is good.Apparently , this is a monstrous size . I 'm sure he 's almost done with it by now .
 she loved it - wound up eating half of themhighly recommend delicious and interestingtaste like nutella - ferrero rocher i think makes same candy
 Quaker has always made high quality products using grits . I was born and raised in Louisiana , the real `` Deep South '' . Ever morning , my grandmother would make a bowl of Quaker grits to go along with my scrambled egg , toast and milk . If you say you are from the South , but have never tasted the pleasures of grits , then you are not from the true `` South '' . I have been using `` Quaker 's '' instant grits for years because I never had the time in the morning to cook the regular grits . Even though they are not ordinary grits , they still have the flavor and mouth feel that brings back the memories of those mornings , sitting in the kitchen , watching my grandmother making breakfast.They can be made as creamy or stiffer as you like by adding more or less water . You can add cheese , bacon bits or other ingredients to the cooked instant grits . It is way faster than the regular grits and also the `` fast '' grits . I always keep a box or two of the instant grits , along with the regular grits , in my pantry.Thank you , Quaker , for bringing back so many wonderful memories of my early days !!
 Although I prefer regular grits , this product really comes in handy when I am in a hurry . The flavor is really good . Would take a lot of work to duplicate the flavor using plain grits .
 As a displaced Southerner , I miss my grits . My kids have developed my love for grits . We especially like them cheesy . -LRB- For all you hardcore cook for 20min grit fans - do n't hate us instant gratification , out the door in flash fans -RRB- It 's hard to find grits on the west coast . Cheese grits - extremely rare . So , being able to order online and having them drop on the doorstep -LRB- that 's a repeating theme with me -RRB- is manna from heaven . Go GRITS !
 I have no idea why this particular brand of grits is n't available in the stores . But I knew I would find it on Amazon . It 's quick to fix , good and actually good for you . Having a variety of cheese flavors make this one a winner
 It 's hard to believe that this wonderful product has been discontinued as of June 2011 ; unbelievable !!!! What did they replace it with ; Mexican seasonings ... !!!!
 I can not find this seasoning packet in the stores anymore since Farmer Jack changed to Kroger . The McCormick brand tastes NOTHING like this one ! Delicious flavor and could n't be easier to make . Only Lawry 's for me !
 This is a wonderful warm flavored tea , especially now in colder weather.This tea has a sweet , soothing chamomile fragrance . It is subtle and sweet.It 's one of the better chamomile teas.If you find it hard to sleep at times , a cup of this sweet chamomile tea may help.If you really like sweet taste try Bigelow Chamomile Mango Herbal Tea.I highly recommend both .
 I found this in my local supermarket -LRB- publix - Ilive in FL -RRB- for $ 11.99 if you can believe it . At that price , has to be the best deal on an estate grown olive oil out there . Clean olive taste , low acidity -LRB- very mild sensation in back of throat , no burning ! -RRB- They make a similarly priced 10 yr old balsamic too . Got ta try it!Phil
 I use this for cooking and for eating straight -LRB- for dipping crusty bread -RRB- and it is great for both purposes .
 I saw a taste test on a cooking show and this one was the winner . I had to hunt iT down but it is the best tasting olive oil I have ever had . I cooked garlic asparagus in it and my family was raving about it . Its really good ! Worth the price
 Lucini became my staple EVOO more than a decade ago , and still ranks head and shoulders above the rest . Very knowledgeable cooks have taken my advice and switched to Lucini . As long as this remains available in the US at a reasonable price , and quality holds up , I 'm staying in the Lucini camp .
 Hard to find ... this particular chocolate is an essential in creating a marvelous flourless second-to-none chocolate cake .
 Ordering was quick and easy and the order arrived within a few days . It was obvious from the care with which the items were packed that D'Italia really cares about their products and insuring that those products arrive in a timely fashion and in excellent condition . I was very pleased .
 I 've had chocolate covered raspberries and this is the next best thing . My children loved this candybar and so did my hubby . My hubby usually does n't eat sweets , but this one he could not resist . If you love raspberries and chocolate then you 'll love this candybar .
 I bought the same peppers at Murray 's Cheese Shop in New York City . They are awesome ! Not too hot but they do have a great kick . Delicious , subtle flavor . Great with wine and cheese .
 I am a BIG mustard fan ! I like to eat different flavors of mustard on different foods ... from jalapeno to horseradish to dijon to ... well , you see what I mean . When I finally tried this brand of honey mustard , I was taken back AND delighted at the same time . When I have chicken fingers , for example , I love to dip them in a honey mustard that is sweet and delicious . THIS mustard is hot -LRB- just the right amount -RRB- and sweet and delicious !! I like it better than regular honey mustard . You should try it , but when you do , just know that you may never go back to regular honey mustard ever again ... or even regular mustard mustard ever again !! It is THAT good !!
 Through out my life I 've tried various mustard 's and up until I tried this mustard , I never was much of a fan of mustard . Either the mustard was too watery , too salty or in some cases , entirely tasteless . Then I tried this mustard and this the only mustard I will use from now on.But not only is this the best mustard I have ever tried , compared to other mustard sodium content , this has the least . Only 45 mg per serving and compared to other mustard 's , that is extremely low.Sure there might be other mustard 's that may very well taste good , but I like this one the best . It should be noted I have tried organic , non organic , kosher , USDA certified and even have tried made to order mustard , but none of them were ever as good as this mustard.So if your looking for a break from regular mustard or just looking to try something new , I would recommend this mustard .
 I have never been a fan of anything but milk chocolate . Having embraced a low-carb lifestyle , however , I decided to try dark and bittersweet varieties since they have a much lower sugar content . I went through quite a few brands , and many dollars , and most were just TOOOO bitingly bitter for my tastebuds - until I happened upon the Perugina at , of all places , my local produce market , owned by some very nice Korean folks.This is the best dark variety of chocolate I 've eaten at ANY price . I break off two squares -LRB- it 's conveniently scored -RRB- which amounts to approx . .3 ounce , and let each one melt in my mouth . The texture is silky smooth and the bittersweet is not TOO bitter!There may be more discerning tastebuds out there but for my taste this is perfect .
 The recipient loved the white chocolate -- best he 'd ever had . Fast delivery too : -RRB-
 I 've tried over 20 different white chocolate bars and this is my favorite by a good margin . My search for good white chocolate began years ago when I realized the caffeine in dark chocolate would sometimes give me a migraine . White chocolate has much less caffeine that dark chocolate but its also a struggle to find a tasty white chocolate bar -- they just do n't get the same love dark chocolate does . Most white chocolate does n't taste like chocolate -LRB- rather they taste like vanilla and sugar -RRB- but this white chocolate has a distinct , rich chocolatey flavor . Its not the same flavor as dark chocolate but its a great flavor in its own right . Its my favorite white chocolate so far .
 White chocolate lovers - delight - this chocolate is smooth and your tastebuds will rejoice . Candy bar size , however , big on taste .
 This was bought as a Christmas gift for my son who loves white chocolate . He was very happy with it .
 ... this chocolate may very well `` ruin '' you with all other chocolate available . Wow , this is the best chocolate I have ever tasted . As I shared my `` find '' with others there has been a universal observation that besides having a great taste the texture is as smooth as silk . Enjoy ...
 If you 're going to keep these around the house , you 'll need a lot of willpower to control yourself . : - -RRB- As another reviewer indicated , taste and texture are A + . Better than Ghiradelli or Dove , and decidedly better than Cadbury , Belgian chocolates , Hersey and other Nestle products . -LRB- I like it better than Lindt as well . -RRB- Warning for chocolate snobs
 I ordered this chocolate for my wife as a Christmas gift . I typically get some new brand or concentration of chocolate every holiday just to try it out.PROs : * My wife loved the chocolate -LRB- and so did I , when she was n't looking ... -RRB- * The dark chocolate with almonds has a good flavor and is not overpowering . * The chocolate is not overly sweetened , just right for my taste.CONs : * Not much in the way of flavor descriptions and ratings at this time . * This may be too sweet for some people who like very strong dark chocolate.THE BOTTOM LINE : * I will definitely buy this again .
 got this as a gift and everyone seemed to like it . made by nestle though , not that it seemed low in quality or anything .
 Perugina makes consistently fine chocolate products . This held up to every product of theirs I have ever eaten ... very slowly . Hmmmm .
 I 've used this product for over 30 years and found it to be the best dry mix for the most flavorful beef stew . Everyone I 've served it to was astounded to hear the flavor came from a package mix . I seriously would recommend trying this if you like beef stew .
 This seasoning mix makes the BEST beef stew ever . I have tired many recipes and different seasoning mixes , but none compare to French 's . Last time I used some sweet potatoes instead of white potatoes and it was yummy . Now that fall has finally arrived , we are looking forward to this wonderful stew .
 Can no longer get French 's Beef Stew mix locally , only McCormick -LRB- which does n't taste as good -RRB- . FBSS is the best !
 Before roasting I inspected these beans for quality . They were definitely premium grade , with very very few imperfections . I did a light roast slightly after the second crack and they roasted very even . When ground , the beans have a robust , chocolatey aroma . Brewing the beans produced a brisk , tangy brew with complex flavor . A very good bean and an excellent company to purchase from , all around .
 I LOVE !!!! almond syrup or almond pastries , so this was an east purchase for me . I switched to sugar free because i am looking to remove empty calories from my diet . Although i prefer the normal , with sugar , variety this definitely does the trick . The almond flavor is rich and strong . It does not have a chemical almond taste , but there is a slight artificial sugar taste . Overall it is a solid product . I gave it 4 stars due to the price . I bought a 3 pack of the real sugar version for just under $ 18 . This individual bottle was over $ 18 . That is frustrating , but i would rather have delicious coffee free of calories . If you like almond flavored treats this is for you .
 It 's always difficult to get a sugar-free anything . But , I was most satisfied with the almond sugar-free syrups and other flavours . This is not only good in taste but at a very resonable price as well.You will not be disappointed .
 I really love the Sugar Free Almod Torani in my coffee in the morning . You would n't guess it is sugar free . I sometimes add cocoa and have a chocolate almond coffee .
 It is sad that you ca n't find this product in most stores , they only want to sell store brand , which does n't taste good at all .
 These are great , but make sure you get the `` dry roasted '' ; they taste like peanuts ! The regular sunflower kernels do not taste nearly as good ! Dr. Oz recommends taking 1/4 cup each day to lose 1 '' off your waist every 2 weeks!Our local Miami supermarket , Publix , has the Planters 5.85 oz . jar for $ 1.89 -LRB- $ 0.32 / oz . -RRB- , and appear to be identical to the Winn-Dixie brand 7.25 oz . jar for $ 3.39 -LRB- $ 0.47 / oz . -RRB- . So look for specials on them .
 If you love cheese then this stuff is unreal ! Im telling you . They do n't sell this in the grocery stores anymore and I do n't know why ? Maybe not enough people tried it because if they had , they would buy it in bulk -LRB- like Im doing today -RRB- . Try this and you 'll be hooked too !
 This is Way TOO EXPENSIVE !!!!! I can get this at my local Wal Mart for less than $ 4.00 for a box of 4 bags = LESS THAN $ 12.00 FOR 12 BAGS !!!!! Which you are buying 12 bags for over $ 25.00 .
 This is simply the best tasting pour over Chedder popcorn I have ever tried . It is a delight .
 Before roasting I inspected these beans for quality . They were definitely premium grade , with very very few imperfections . I did a light roast slightly after the second crack and they roasted very even . Ground , these beans have a very rich aroma with velvety smoothness . Brewing the beans produced a very light , delicate brew with subtle aromas . A very good bean and an excellent company to purchase from , all around .
 I love this kind of soup ! Had it this afternoon for lunch . Progresso is an excellent brand and their soups are very good . The broth has alot of body and the flavor is very good , not mainly salty like so many canned soups.This flavor has little chicken meatballs with little round macaroni shapes . The combo is delicious and its nice an chunky!Try this ! Its very filling and a great warming , lunch !
 I use my great-grandmother 's recipe for molasses cookies . She died in 1915 and the recipe has been handed down . My grandmother always used Bre ' r Rabbit green label . Tonight I used a substitute after a fruitless search of the local supermarkets for the real thing . The difference was profound . The substitute produced cookies that are nearly inedible . I 'll be using only Bre ' r Rabbit from now on .
 This molasses is the best out there . My grandmother always used it in cooking or had it on the table for biscuits or pancakes . I even have her old cookbooks featuring Brer rabbit molasses from the 40s & 50s . It 's getting virtually impossible to find it anywhere , except the internet . So I stock up , when I can .
 This is a great product . Brer Rabbit is the only molasses I use for all my baking . In recent years it has become difficult to locate in retail stores .
 I have tried a variety of molasses over the years and Brer Rabbit is definitely the best.I especially like it for gingerbread and gingerbread cookies , The blackstrap is good for baked beans and BBQ sauce .
 Found a Bryer Rabbit cookbook in the walls of an older house I was refurbishing and want to try the molassas . Now I use it on a great number of cooked items including wheat bread .
 I was so glad to find this product on Amazon . My grandmother , mother and I have used it for over 60 years but has been hard to find of late . It is the best flavored molasses having not just a sweet flavor but a true , strong molasses flavor that makes a difference in what you are cooking . For me the Green Label Full Flavor is by far the best .
 Jet smoothies are absolutely great ! We started using this mix at my work in place of our old smoothie mix , and everyone loves them ! These smoothies are incredibly easy to make . You just fill a glass with ice , then pour the mix to the top of the glass , then blend.The flavor of this smoothie is terrific ! Although it is made with green tea , you ca n't taste the tea over the intense fruit flavor . One of my customers today made the comment that it tastes like you just put peaches in the blender . The reason I 'm writing this review is because I 'm sitting at home , craving a smoothie , and since I wo n't have another one til I get to work tomorrow , I thought I 'd come online and see if the mix is available for order . I 'm glad to see that I can get this for home use , because I 'm addicted !
 Amazing as a smoothie or just over ice cream or sherbet , cake , whatever . Great natural peach flavor . Try blending it with peach yogurt or sherbet to make it creamier .
 If true peach flavor is what you crave , then you have found your best mix option . This mix is a lot better than what you get at the smoothie stands in the shopping malls . I found out about this product after trying a pre-made smoothie sold by our local Wegman 's grocery store . Just out of curiosity my wife asked if they sold the mix and they did . Twelve bucks for the 64 ouncer . If you live near a Wegman 's that 's the way to go . If I would have just been window shopping on the net , I never would have just bought this sight unseen because of the green tea . However , you ca n't taste the green tea so do n't let the tea scare you away from this one . Unlike some other smoothie mixes that recommend yogurt , water or sugar be added , this is an all in one mix and it 's super easy . I 'm betting this would make a great alcoholic drink mix and will begin experimenting with that at a later time .
 This is the best peach smoothies you will ever have . My children love it too .
 I love these smoothies and always get them every Thursday during lunch . I 'm pretty much addicted and want to make my own with out spending more than what I buy at the coffee shop i go to . I go there so often , the owner knows that i want `` the usual '' . Peach is my favorite flavor . I 've tried green apple and mango ; green apple was good but mango tasted very weird . Peach is the besttt !!! -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- Never picked another ... I am sooo addicted too !! and I hope I can make money to buy a whole crate of it . xD
 I grew up in the South in the 50 's . One of my fondest memories of those turbulent times was Saturday breakfast consisting of bacon , salt pork , sausage or country ham , with biscuits and Brer rabbit syrup . You had a choice of Blue label or Brown label . I am going to order some and try not to eat much , as I am no longer a child an try not to ingest to much sugar . But oh how I love this stuff !
 I grew up on this syrup and do n't like maple so I love this syrupI have tried other cane syrups but this is the BEST . I sent some to my daughterwho by the way wo n't eat any other kind either and she was sooooo happy . We ca n't find it in the stores anymore so we have to order it.But that 's ok cuz we can still get it anytime we want . Thank you so much for making it possible to get my one and only syrup . Billye Jean Baker
 We love this syrup and used to buy it all the time then we were unable to find it in any grocery store . Every time we traveled we would look for it . It has a great taste if you like a syrup that is close to molasses but not that strong . It is something we will continue to buy . So glad we found it on Amazon .
 Hi , what can you say about SAGE ? This is a good bargain and I am ordering it for the second time . Ca n't go wrong !
 Product just as good as I remembered . Am so glad to have found a source to obtain it.Recommend to anyone who likes special mint candies .
 A little hard to find , but well worth it . Perugina makes a fantastic product . I used to have to order directly from the company . Good to know I can get it through Amazon now !
 I tried this candy at a conference and must say it 's the first candy I have ever ordered online . It 's very good ; a unique and pleasing taste that refreshes when the mouth is stale .
 Purchased candy after eating it while I was on vacation at a hotel . It was delicious ! The mint is not overbearing and sweet .
 I first purchased this candy at a truck stop-rest area in Italy and loved it . I bought a package called Capri and it had lemon and orange flavored hard candies . They are similar to jolly rancher but more sophisticated in flavor and texture.This version - Sorrento - was exactly the same as I purchased in Italy and with an additional flavor
 This is some of the best tasting citrus flavored hard candy I have had . It was well worth the price !
 Great candy , especially if you love citrus like I do . These have always been one of my favorites , and will stay forever , as long as they are wrapped !
 I love this candy this is lime , orange and mandarine I only wish it was fruit filled like the old Perugina .
 Yummy , hard candy with the soft and well balanced flavor of citric fruit.I can eat them all in one day !
 I have had Lymes for years and , after taking my naturopathic treatments , this stuff helps with detoxifying my system . Not only that , but it 's also very tasty !
 i heard from people that have heart problem after drink this tea for a while they get better so i bought this as gift for family so let try because if it help that inexpensive medicine .
 You really want to read the book on the tea . Once you do then you will never want to run out of the tea .
 The absolute best tea ever ! I feel I will buy this product again in the future . I hope this company never stops making this wonderful product !
 I discovered Jason Winters tea after reading about him online , how he cured himself of a serious medical condition drinking herbal tea . His tea is a blend of several herbs , mainly red clover -- which is touted as beneficial combating PMS , menopause , etc. . Whenever I enjoy a cup of JW tea I notice my sinuses loosen up , my sometimes grumbly intestines calm down , my skin looks better the next day , & my mood improves . What more could I ask for in an herbal tea?The tea tastes delicious , too , not like straw or grass -- more like a chicken broth-ish flavor . Seriously!Do urself a favor & give it a try & see what it does for you . One canister lasts me a long time , using a pinch in a tea ball .
 It arrived just in time . I used it along with my other cold-fighting techniques , and it helped . We 'll see what long term use brings . Interesting , the very first formula had chaparral . It loiks like some variations have been made since .
 I have kept these foil packages in the freezer for up to a year and gotten perfectly fresh coffee when I ripped it open . I use one pack per 8 cups of water for regular strength and 2 packets for 10 cups water for stout coffee . Never have had a complaint one when I serve this up.I tend to keep a box of Breakfast Blend and one flavored on hand for those days where there just is n't time or inclination to measure out spoonfuls ... C'mon - we all have days like that , right !! : -RRB- For taste , convenience and shelf life , I highly recommend!All the best , Jay
 I have been eating this syrup since I was a little child , and now none of the local grocery stores and the larger chains -LRB- meijer , Kroger , etc. . . -RRB- do n't carry it either . So now I have to buy it online !
 This is the best syrup ever . Unfortunately I can only find it omline not in local stores . This is the best price online I have found .
 I grew up on this product along with my two sisters ... when it disappeared from shelves about 4 years ago , I scrambled all over town to find some , buying as many bottles as I could . It was a sad day when that last , lonely drop was slathered over a stack of pancakes ... we have become accustomed to other brands since which are tasty but do not hold that childhood nostalgia . Last week , when I was in Tucson , my friend told me that a store had some GG -- I bought EIGHT -LRB- 8 -RRB- bottles immediately , and prayed they would not bust on the plane home to VA ! But now , here they are at Amazon , hopefully where they will stay , so easy to find and so well priced ! Thank you Amazon !
 I love this syrup ! It is so buttery ! It is my favorite . However , I think that the price of the product added to the price for shipping is too expensive . I thought I would get a bargain for buying bulk , but in the future will take the trek to the store .
 I am so happy that I could still get this wonderful syrup . Thank goodness for the internet . I almost cried when I no longer could find this syrup on the store shelves . How could they discontinue such an excellent product .
 Wow this syrup takes me back !! I remember having this my whole life and was dissapointed when it stopped being sold in my area . Glad to have it back !
 Golden Griddle is the BEST Syrup ever and we ca n't find it in the stores no more !! A must have !!
 I found Perugina Palermo assorted candy just what I was looking for , ' I love the way the hard candy turns into melted chocolate of hazelnut . I have ordered this many times and will continue to do so .
 I keep buying the assortment . I enjoy three of the four flavors in this assortment and toss the one I do n't really care for . If I could just buy the hazelnut or chocolate filled candies separately , I would . Unfortunately , that 's not an option , so I buy these .
 We 've tried a variety of mints , Many are sharp and have an edge . Others are mild and lacking in flavor . Perugina Glacia mints are cool and refreshing with a wonderful taste and aftertaste . Finding them online has been a challenge and when I do , I buy in quantity .
 Absolutely awesome mint hard candy , I eat one or two everyday and truly enjoy them .
 MY SON INTRODUCED ME TO YOUR WONDERFUL MINTS AND I LOVED THEM SO MUCH I ORDERED THEM FOR MY FAMILY . THEY WERE WELL RECEIVED SO I TOOK SOME DOWN TO MY HUNTING LODGE . THE MEMBERS WERE DELIGHTED WITH THEM . I HAVE A DIFFICULT TIME KEEPING THE MINT DISH SUPPLIED .
 Great after coffee candy or just a refreshing treat . This is my 3rd purchase over the years and still enjoy the Glacia product
 Great product and taste . Been looking for this for years . And it was worth the wait . I still had a few left from when I would get them for my mother and father . They are a great breth mint , smokers mint and for sore throats
 Pricey but worth every penny I spent on these mints . What a blast of as soon as you place them in you mouth , no more tart breath with these mints .
 It did exceed all my expectations , and my recipes came out far above my hopes . Great stuff for baking , & for just nibbbllng on .
 It 's not that I do n't love good quality chocolate - I do ! But sometimes it can be so expensive to buy it at the store . Amazon did a great shop shipping this - they did n't leave it out in the sun and had it bundled up to prevent damage . The chocolate was rich , smooth and perfect for baking . This stuff is rich and good for if you 're not a huge fan of very dark chocolate . Add some heavy cream or vegetable oil and you are ready to dip whatever sweet treats you have inside .
 I ordered `` Nido '' because my old favorite , `` Milkman '' , is no longer being made . Now Nido is my new favorite ! It mixes with water more easily than Milkman dry milk powder , & has a richer taste , too .
 I bought this product for the purpose of making yogurt , and it worked well . It also is a convenient size and can be added to baked goods and casseroles .
 It 's pretty much impossible to find dry whole milk in my local stores , so I ordered this as a baking supplement . Taste is perfect , both for baking and reconstituting . Thank you , Amazon , for -LRB- yet again -RRB- helping me find what I need !
 I love this product . It 's difficult to come by milk where I am currently at . And this is a great substitute . I will be ordering some more soon . = -RRB-
 Yum ! Do n't eat too many at once , the citric acid will burn holes in your tongue.Sincerely , Ira carmel
 ... we have to pay so much for shipping this item . But what are we going to do ? Switch to another syrup ? I think not .
 I used to buy this product in the local grocery store . Now they do n't carry it , so I have to search the internet for it . We love it because it has just the right flavor and viscosity.Karo Syrup 16oz . 6ct
 Karo Pancake Syrup -LRB- green label -RRB- was the standard with our Sunday morning pancake breakfasts . I have only found in one store other than amazon.com . The Karo website does not even offer it for sale . Shame on them . Thanks for keeping the tradition alive and well in the minds of those of us that are still six AND member 's of tKaro Syrup 16oz . 6cthe baby boom generation !
 Karo Syrup 16oz . 6ctI was raised on Karo pancake syrup.I always asked for Karo , did n't know that it was n't the real name for maple syrup until I moved out of my family 's home . For almost sixty years I have enjoyed Karo and have not found any syrup that I liked better . With the closing of Albertson 's in Florida its no longer available locally .
 I really like this syrup and have used it for many years . It has become impossible to find in local grocery stores and I really appreciate being able to get it here .
 The only syrup I will eat on pancakes . Actually THICK . Why do they not sell this in stores ? Came fast , well packed and I feel happy having this stocked . Only wish I could get the big 32 oz bottles .
 this is my husbands favorite syrup . Stores around here no longer carry it . I got him the case for his birthday . He was wondering why we were having pancakes .
 We have used this syrup on our Pancakes & French Toast for over thirty years.It is a VERY thick syrup so it does n't saturate the bottom of the stack & ruin it.It also has a GREAT maple taste.I wo n't use any other syrup ! ! !
 Had as a child . Not found in stores . Much better than Butterworth . Very thick and rich with flavor . To bad it is not sold on stores any longer ?
 I grew up on this syrup . Ca n't find it on the west coast , buy its nice to know you can still purchase it .
 I have always loved Karo Waffle Syrup . There is no syrup like it . I am not a fan of thin runny syrup . Karo is perfect . Nice & thick with great maple taste . I was totally disappointed when I could not find it at any local grocery store . Thank goodness it is sold on Amazon . This is the bestest syrup EVER
 This is the best pancake syrup ever invented ! We ca n't find it anywhere here in Eastern KY so I am going to order it here on Amazon . Mmmmm ... I ca n't wait until it gets here .
 I was so excited to get my delivery of the Karo Pancake Syrup . We opened it immediately and made waffles ! The syrup tasted just like I remembered it from years ago . I ca n't understand why this is not available in grocery stores anymore ! Thanks for making it available online !!!!
 My husband grew up on this syrup and has to have it on pancakes , waffles , biscuits , etc. . He has been complaining ever since we moved out West that they do n't sell it . I think this syrup helped make this `` The best father 's day I ever had . '' I first I was taken aback by having to order so much but with 3/4 of the bottle already gone , I do n't think I 'll have to worry about the remaining 5 getting stale . It was well worth the price and the shipping was very fast . I would definitely recommend this seller again .
 We can not find this pancake syrup anywhere in our local area . This is the reason we purchased it on Amazon . It is so good . We think it is the best syrup out there . We shared it with our family and friends . We are nervous to order anymore because we like it too much . You will not regret this purchase .
 None of the stores in my area carry Karo Pancake Syrup - for some reason no one can explain to me , it has disappeared from the shelves in the last 5 years . What a ` happy camper ' I was when I found it through Amazon . Best tasting pancake syrup I have found other than the pure maple tree kind . Shipping was on time and items arrives well packed . All in all a very good purchase experience .
 I had received damaged bottles and had written a review complaining about the tops being cracked . I received a call quickly from customer service and 4 new bottles as compensation . They were prompt and I am extremely pleased with the outcome . I love this syrup and ca n't seem to find it anymore . I gave some to my mother also , as she loves it , too ! Maybe it 's a southern thing but it makes the recipes just taste better . There is not substitute !
 Karo Green Label was the ONLY syrup used in my momma 's pecan pie . And my momma made a `` mean '' pecan pie!Disappointed to not be able to locate it on grocer 's shelves ... I 've used other syrup -LRB- Karo dark and Light -RRB- and it just does n't live up to the GREEN .
 I know what everyone says about `` corn syrup '' , but this is the best syrup for pancakes , waffles etc. . Everything in moderation . I use a little of the syrup a lot of fresh fruit on the side . We have used this syrup for many years . You ca n't beat it . I ca n't find it in grocery stores anymore , so I feel fortunate to have found it at Amazon.com .
 When I was little , this was always the syrup that my Grandma had when we were at her house . I had n't had the Karo syrup in easily more than 20 years , so it brought back a lot of memories ! Wish it was still sold in stores around here ... very tasty !
 Very , very fast shipping . Very , very good product as well ! This pancake syrup , from Karo ; is rich with flavor and is thick compared to most pancake syrups . It has the best flavor of any pancake syrup that I have ever seen ! Unlike most pancake syrups out there , Karo can be used for various recipes as well . -LRB- Sticky bun recipe on label for the ones I recieved . -RRB- Although you have to buy a case -LRB- 6 bottles @ 16 oz . -RRB- , it has a long , long shelf life -LRB- mine do n't expire till Sept. 2014 -RRB- . I like to mix it with butter for a bisquit . It 's listed serving size is
 I grew up on Green label Karo Syrup and absolutely LOVE it !! I do n't understand why it is n't available in stores anymore but I will definitely continue to buy it online as long as it is available .
 This is the best maple syrup around . . It is not real sweet , and it is thick , and tasty . I have a hard time finding it . So when I found it on Amazon.com I ordered 6 bottels . . It 's really good , trust me !!!
 Can not figure out why the hell you can not buy this in regular grocery stores . Every time I 've ever seen it in a store it goes off the shelves very very fast . Why do you have to buy it over the internet . I like the product .
 I ca n't say enough about these tamales . Authentic , Just the right amount of heat , and arrived fresh and neatly packed . Great item , would definetly recommend and buy again .
 An awesome set of Video and Audio Complete Library . All of Srila Prabhupada collection . Great for Krishna Conscious students and devotees.Perfect your life by association with a pure devotee of Krishna!Srila Prabhupada is living in these DVDs and we can benefit immensely from his association in this transcendental form . `` By association with pure devotees , dirty things within the heart are gradually washed away by the grace of the Supreme Personality of Godhead Krishna . `` You can enjoy a completely new series of 6 DVDs called `` Prabhupada Darshan . '' This is a chronological collection of all the silent footage of Srila Prabhupada edited together by Yadubara Prabhu of ISKCON Cinema . Yadubara worked on this project for more than ten years . The video is accompanied by three separate Prabhupada sound tracks you can choose from . It is in total about 25 hours with more than 15 hours of this video being released for the first time ever!Them main soundtrack on `` Prabhupada Darshan '' is live audio when available with Prabhupada classes from the same time the footage was shot and bhajans and kirtans . The second sound track is Prabhupada conversations and morning walks from the same time and the third sound track is Prabhupada bhajans and purports.There are completely new shows like a newly discovered documentary of Srila Prabhupada in Germany . It is a full-color , high quality 16mm film . It shows Prabhupada performing an initiation ceremony at the German temple , Schloss Rettershof.The `` Prabhupada in Australia '' DVD is completely new . It contains hours of never-released before footage and completely new shows including the installation of Mahaprabhu in Melbourne , Prabhupada 's visit to the Franciscan Seminary , the eventful college preaching engagement at Latrobe University , peaceful morning walks , hall programs , and of course the Ratha Yatra Festival and the after party . This is a complete new DVD with over 4 hours of Prabhupada nectar !! The `` Festivals With Prabhupada '' DVD is so much improved . Now the Vyasa-Puja Festival in New Vrindavana and the Ratha Yatra Festival in Philadelphia have new color footage included which gives a whole new dimension to the experience of watching these programs.All the black and white footage has been dramatically improved . It has all been digitally stabilized , the contrast has been corrected and the clarity of the images is so much better due to a new digital transfer of the original video tapes.This is the final edition . There will not be another after this . It is the culmination of many years of work by both Nrsimhananda Prabhu at ITV and Yadubara Prabhu at ISKCON Cinema to preserve and distribute all the recorded film and video of Srila Prabhupada.The Prabhupada DVD library is professionally produced on 19 duel-layer DVDs , improving the quality while reducing the cost . These DVDs will play on any DVD player , anywhere in the world.The Prabhupada DVD set has subtitles in twenty languages and the new option of Russian and Italian voiceovers.Languages with Subtitles Included are : Chinese -LRB- simple and traditional -RRB- , Croatian , Czech , English , Estonian , German , Hindi , Hungarian , Indonesian , Japanese , Lithuanian , Malay , Polish , Portuguese , Romanian , Russian , Spanish , Swedish , Turkish .
 i was wondering why i cant find the instant ovaltine that u just add water in my area for years now that was the BEST hot cocoa that we have ever had and are very dis appointed that i cant find it anymore in any store around us . why was it discontinued around here is my main question , that & where can i get it?i live in shortsville/manchester ny area 14548/14548 are the zip codes for this area
 This was my favorite as a child . I would put one in my mouth and let it disolve.Ghiradelli stopped making them when their packaging machine was broken when then moved from San Francisco to San Leandro -LRB- about 15 years ago -RRB- . Rather than repair or rebuild it they just stopped making them . Despite years of protests from candy lovers . Now a new company is making them.If you never had them before you may think `` so what ? '' But if you grew up with them and miss them you will be thrilled .
 Flicks used to be my favorite candy until they were discontinued by Ghiradelli way back when . I 'm so glad they 're back . They 're like bigger hershey kisses , but the chocolate is better . The cardboard tube -LRB- assuming they still come in them -RRB- also smells great after the candy is gone . A childhood favorite !
 Good . Brings back the old times from the 1970 's . The only problem is that the wafers are thinner and slightly harder than what I remember . It is n't the same . But it is as close as I can get . The idea of chocolate drops with the swirl on top in a colorful foil cardboard tube still brings back some nice memories .
 Reminds me of the ALEX theater back in Glendale , CA.Very chocolate , very good , mmm
 I remember when I was younger , I could n't go to the movie theatre without buying a package of Flicks -LRB- sometimes two -RRB- ! They are so rich and creamy with that wafery taste . I can still remember the flavor like it was yesterday and ca n't wait to get them again ! Yummmmmm !!!
 A good tasting biscuit but pretty messy to eat . Has a nice lemon flavor and serves as a good light snack .
 Close to the Graibaldi cookies . . Not too sweet . good with coffee . . hard to find in stores ! ! ! !
 This combination cellphone grill works flawlessly . The fact that it tastes vaguely like Doritos corn snack is a great plus .
 I WAS SO HAPPY TO FIND THESE AGAIN !! HAVE NOT BE ABLE TO FIND THEM IN OVER 20 YEARS UNTIL I FOUND THEM ON HERE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I &#34; LOVE &#34; THEM THEY ARE THE BEST EVER !!!!!!!!!!!! THANKS
 The cookies are great and the tin keeps them fresh . This also makes a great Christmas gift , as I request it every Christmas from my family .
 The package arrived 2 days earlier than expected . Packaging was good . Product is how I remember it and the price was less expensive than last year 's .
 I agree that this is great for Christmas time . If it were n't for the wonderful tin they come in , I do n't think I 'd be spending the money on them -- delicious as they are . But they bring back childhood memories for me when I would have get them at the local gourmet shop when I wanted something extra special.I 'm a bit miffed that the negative reviews give such harsh ratings simply because the wrappers do n't do magic tricks anymore when you set them on fire . Take off one star maybe , but it 's still a wonderful product .
 This is an excellent product and much enjoyed as it has been for many years . A great way to finish an Italian dinner .
 These cookies were wonderful ! I bought them to use in a Giada recipe , but ate them all before I could use them ! My only complaint about the seller was the shipping ... the cardboard box this came in was badly damaged , and left on top of our grill behind our house . No worries though ... the cookies and tin were intact !
 My mother-in-law used to bring these home from her trips to visit her family in Italy . For me it was love at first bite . I am so glad to find them here to order for her now that she is too old to travel to Italy to get her own .
 These cookies are so wonderful and such a treat . Crunchy , wonderful flavor and beautifully wrapped 2 to a wrapper . The tin itself is a beautiful addition to any kitchen counter . Would order again .
 great cookies to nibble with coffee and the tin keeps them in great shape during transport .
 My wife wanted to get a unique Fathers Day gift for her Dad and she remembered that he enjoyed amaretto cookies . While searching , she recognized the Lazzaroni cookie tin as the brand that he had loved many years ago.She ordered them through Amazon.com and sent them directly to him in time for Fathers Day . He was thrilled !
 I remember these cookies from when I was a kid , I had n't had them in awhile but I kept seeing Giada on the Food Network use them & I decided to order them & I have already re-ordered them ! they are amazing and I gave them to friends at Christmas & they loved them . I love them with tea or a glass of wine . these are great cookies that are worth a try !
 Many people consider these a staple to be kept in the pantry . Not only do they make a great cookie , but you can bake with them , using the crumbled cookies for toppings , pie crusts , crumbs etc. I figure everyone has probably already tried these but , if you have n't , they are a classic Italian type meringue like almond cookie puff . They are sweet but still retain a lot of the real , nutty , very slightly bitter almond qualities of real almonds . The come wrapped in pretty little twisted paper wrappers , making it easy to throw one or two packets into your lunch bag . They are super-light but still satisfying . I 've never met anyone of any age who disliked them , either , which is another reason they are good to keep on hand , because your guests will be happy even if these are the only cookies you have .
 If you like Amaretti , you we not be displeased with this product . They are expensive -LRB- they are a once-a-year purchse for me -RRB- , but they 're well worth it . I think the price also reflects the great tin the cookies come in . These babies just melt in your mouth and send you right to heaven .
 I found the Amaretti cookies at World Market but bought the attractive tin on Amazon . My wife collects tins and was quite please .
 I have used these cookies in holiday cake for many years and it is so much easier to get them on amazon than go looking store to store to store.Thank you so much for listing them for sale on line . .
 And they are perfect for my purposes . They are also excellent to eat just as cookies . They last quite a while so you can store them for quite a while .
 My first encounter with these darling little treats was while watching Everyday Italian on the Food Network starring Giada De Laurentiis , my favorite chef of the past few years . She crumbled them into deserts , coffees , made pumpkin ravioli with it , baked amaretti apples and always praised their magical taste . Upon finally purchasing a box myself I was blown away by the hypnotic and addictive taste of marzipan in these little gems.Amaretti Cookies are packed as a pair , wrapped in wax paper with Italian writing and insignias , praising its originality . They are two small crackling cookies per wrapper and they are a crunchy shell of delight . The taste is strangely addictive , after having a few I could n't stop thinking about them ! I have even purchased three more boxes two days after getting the first one . They taste like the holidays , spicy and lusciously laden with almonds and crispy sugary goodness with a tiny tang of bitterness of the almond . They flavor is royal and time stopping , on busy days , one bite of this cookie and I am transfixed into magical fields of luxurious old world taste that has been popular to Italians for years.Incredibly aromatic crispy almond cookies that are a luscious addiction to coffee , tea or wine and are great for cooking and baking with . They really grew on me , I think I am an addict to their taste now , no wonder Giada is so smitten with them ! - Kasia S.
 These come in the famous red tin -- see my customer photo . The current Amazon picture is incorrect -- it shows the `` window-box '' packaging , which is not what this item is.The cookies inside are the full size Amaretti Di Saronno cookies , wrapped in pairs in the crinkly parchment paper . -LRB- These are not the small `` Amarettini '' cookies with the '' - ini '' at the end . Those come in the `` tall '' tin . -RRB- Absolutely love these cookies . They are delicious with red wine . We get some each year during the Holiday season . Year after year , these are delicious as ever.I can not comment on whether it is still possible to light the wrappers on fire -LRB- a complaint in other reviews -RRB- . I have not tried this since I was 15 years old , which was a LONG time ago .
 These Amaretti are the perfect balance of crunchy and chewy , sweet and bitter . If you are using Amaretti in a recipe , then any brand would be fine , but if you are serving them plain , spring for the Lazzaroni because they have the best taste and texture .
 My first encounter with these darling little treats was while watching Everyday Italian on the Food Network starring Giada De Laurentiis , my favorite chef of the past few years . She crumbled them into deserts , coffees , made pumpkin ravioli with it , baked amaretti apples and always praised their magical taste . Upon finally purchasing a box myself I was blown away by the hypnotic and addictive taste of marzipan in these little gems.Amaretti Cookies are packed as a pair , wrapped in wax paper with Italian writing and insignias , praising its originality . They are two small crackling cookies per wrapper and they are a crunchy shell of delight . The taste is strangely addictive , after having a few I could n't stop thinking about them ! I have even purchased three more boxes two days after getting the first one . They taste like the holidays , spicy and lusciously laden with almonds and crispy sugary goodness with a tiny tang of bitterness of the almond . They flavor is royal and time stopping , on busy days , one bite of this cookie and I am transfixed into magical fields of luxurious old world taste that has been popular to Italians for years.Incredibly aromatic crispy almond cookies that are a luscious addiction to coffee , tea or wine and are great for cooking and baking with . They really grew on me , I think I am an addict to their taste now , no wonder Giada is so smitten with them ! - Kasia S.
 I 've loved these flavorful almond flavored -LRB- apricot seed -RRB- aromatic cookies for decades . These inimitable Lazzaroni treats are delicious with tea , coffee , or alone , in cold weather or hot . They imbue an extra bit of pleasure to viewing the abundant delights ofTwo Fat Ladiesenjoying life and food with humor and gusto . The attractive Italian tin happens to be a very useful decorative object for goody-storage . We appreciate that these cookies ship well even in hot weather , and they arrive unbroken , protected by the tin . When you open the lid , a scent like amaretto liqueur wafts up . Enjoy !
 These are the best cookies ... no other company can match the freshness , flavor and crunch . I 'm glad I can get them through Amazon
 Cookies are so good - they are very tasty , and go great with a cup of coffee . I bought a pound , and could have eaten the whole box at a single sitting , if I did n't have any self-control . In any case , I had to order another pound - maybe it 's addictive ...
 A very delicious treat for all our party guest who asked for more . Serve with coffee , ice cream or just by itself . Easy to get through the Amazon connection .
 When you are thinking of making the creamy , rum-scented dessert , Biscuit Tortoni , these are the very best almond cookies to crush up into the mix . They are not readily available in my local stores , so I was delighted to find them through Amazon .
 I buy this locally at a discount store . I have been using this flavor for years , it is my favorite . When I run low , I make sure to buy a back up . A few things I add this to
 For those of you who use Mrs. Dash you know how good it is , and so much healthier . For those of you who have yet to use Mrs. Dash ... what 's the problem ? lol Catch a bottle and ease up on the salt . You will probably find this herbal mix brings a whole new excitement to your food .
 Have tried the Starbucks pods previous to these and these are definitely a step above quality wise . Love using the pods instead of cleaning up all the grounds -LRB- I know not a purist but I 'm old and lazy -RRB- and besides in a Delonghi 155 I think it would be hard to tell the difference . Good value too .
 These are super and easy to use , when you are rushed & do n't want to press your espresso!Customer service is great ; thanks !
 This coffee tastes very good and has a nice caffeine kick . Although pods are a bit pricy , the convenience and ease of cleanup make them ideal in the A.M. when I 'm in a rush .
 If you want a good cup of Expresso do try LUCAFFE ' . It is GREAT ! The smiling face on the Pod tells it all . Just GREAT . Do try it and I am sure you ail enjoy it ,
 Trying out different brands of Espresso ; Lucaffe is a good , strong and bold brew . I also like the packaging imagery .
 I had been using Lavazza Super Crema in pods for my camping trips because of the obvious benefits when traveling , but when I ran out I thought I would give these a try . Very similar to Super Crema , which is not a bad thing . The pods are much more expensive so we just do them a few times a year . Coffee is of course subjective , so you will just have to pull a shot to see if you like it ! Only thing I did n't like is the goofy looking guy on the package !
 Garlic pepper is a welcome addition to any meal . It adds flavor to all of your favorite foods , without adding unnecessary sodium . The price is competitive with warehouse stores and a must for anyone who enjoys cooking . Enjoy !
 I sent this to my son and his room-mate at OSU . They were both very , very pleased . I plan to try some when he comes back for Thanksgiving and Christmas .
 Pods are an expensive way to drink coffee , but they are convenient with very easy cleanup . This particular blend produces a very flavorful but delicate tasting shot . I 'm not an espresso fanatic and use a Breville Cafe Roma . I think the shots I make at home are superior to the ones I can get in commercial establishments at about half the cost .
 For those with E.S.E. pods espresso machines , this coffee is the perfect match ! You smell the aroma straight out of the pouch . You watch the rich brown color drip into your cup followed by a smooth crema . Some say it almost smells like fresh baked bread . As you take your first sip , your ca n't help but savor the moment . Made from 100 % Arabica beans , it is one of Lucaffe 's most popular flavors .
 Purchased these mints as a good alternative to that extra cup of coffee . Excellent if you are on a long drive and do n't want to stop for another cup o ' joe .
 High quality caffinated mints , seriously tasty and in a pack this big it makes shipping it to the UK cost effective too :-RRB- Now you can get a caffene buzz wherever you are without having to drink coffee or cola - love it.Penguin Mints Co. also shipped insanely quickly across the pond and included a couple of free samples of their other products as well , pleasure to deal with them .
 A friend who sets up networks recommended these . His hours can be crazy and he always has his caffeinated mints and diet sodas on hand when he 's leaving for a late night implementation . He is diabetic and has sleep apnea , so he needs to be careful about what he ingests . These help give him the edge he needs when night becomes an hour too long . I 've reached for these little guys myself when leaving my computer is n't an option . Love having them on hand .
 The box that holds the tins is brown and clearly states that these are the chocolate mints . However , the tins do not say chocolate and are the traditional peppermint . Other than that , no issues .
 In the midst of my third redbull of the day some time back in college , I made the decision that I would n't use caffeine until I actually really needed it . That way when I did take a dose of the wakeup sauce it would actually be effective.Fast forward a couple of years and my current job occasionally has really long hours . I do n't drink coffee and constantly drinking tea is troublesome . I would drink soda , but the sugar crash has a worse soporific effect than the late night.Enter caffeinated mints . I can get my caffeine from them quickly and efficiently , no fuss , no sugar crash , no constant trips to the bathroom . On the back of each tin is a convenient note that tells you the dosage as compared to a single cola -LRB- 3 mints = 1 soda -RRB- . That is itself useful for me , since my aforementioned habit of abstaining from caffeine until it 's needed means that all previous caffeine vehicles gave me much more than what I ever needed . It always felt like such a shame to drink 1/4 of a Redbull and then pour the rest down the drain ; now I do n't have to . Ditto with making ever-smaller slices of those pills.That being said , these are caffeinated mints that still manage to taste like mints . There is an initial bitter aftertaste that comes from the caffeine but it 's far milder than in higher dose mints.The size of each tin is also very convenient . It 's small enough that even if you get carried away you 're far from ODing . Any larger and you might also hesitate to just hand a tin off to your coworkers . That definitely comes with a bonus
 The mints are the size of an oblong tylenol pill . They have no candy coating but have a nice mild mint flavor . They do n't take `` chemically '' which is a huge plus . Each mint has the caffeine equivalence as a third of a cola can . The tin can itself is quite small and can fit in your pocket .
 My local specialty import store used to carry these mints but I can not find them locally anymore . Was thrilled to find them on Amazon . These are a great item for people on the run who do n't want to drink a lot of energy drinks . Three mints are equivalent to one cup of coffee . I carry a wrapped tin with me all of the time and give them to friends/co-workers who could use a little energy . They really do work !
 These are great for science class when I ca n't stay awake . One or two in the morning gives me a pleasant buzz . These do n't have a ridiculous amount of caffeine in them so you are n't gon na end up having to many and be bouncing off the walls . The only bad thing I can think of is that they taste so good it 's hard to stop eating them !
 Mint flavor is n't as overbearing as Altoids . Obviously YMMV , but I find that I absorb the caffeine from these much faster than a can of cola . It also wares off much quicker so no worries about not being able to sleep later.Plus , -LRB- big plus here -RRB- with these mints , there 's less of a diuretic effect versus coffee and cola . Great for an outdoors boost.If you work in an office setting , these smaller packs make great gifts - your coworkers will all love you .
 These are great - just what I was looking for . Love that unlike a lot of the caffeinated mints and gum each mint is not a big dose of caffeine . Since three mints are the equivalent of a &#34; cola beverage &#34; you have much more control over your caffeine dosing . Taste is good too . If I did n't know better I would just think its a regular mint .
 A nice little break from the traditional chocolate mint Andes candy . The cherry jubilee is not too sweet , it 's just right ! Package-wise , I always look at the weight of the candy and not the packaging . Ca n't go wrong with Andes . It 's an office favorite with our software developers . = -RRB-
 I have seen advertsied on the internet the same product for $ 34.95 , PLUS shipping . So , the `` base cost '' of $ 22.50 is comparatively quite good . However , to tack on a shipping charge of NEARLY 40 % -LRB- about $ 8.50 -RRB- of the base cost is totally unjustified and thus wholly unattractive to the would-be consumer.Cecil Burns
 I too am planning on giving for the holiday 's . Hopefully someone can elaborate on approximately how many pieces are to the 2lb bag .
 Amazon is the only place you are going to find these at this great price.I have several recipes that are outstanding with them & nothing special without them so i have no choice but to buy them at any price.But this is a wonderful deal & if you bake you will really appreciate it .
 I bought this large bag of Lazzaroni Amaretti di Saronno because I do n't need a decorative tin . I just want the excellent Italian cookies . These are the best there are anywhere !
 These cookies are fantastic . They taste so good . I had been looking for years to get some more and was very happy to find them !!
 I have sampled other Amaretti cookies but really the superior product is by Lazzaroni . I use these as the base to Maida Heatter 's infamous Bullseye Cheesecake -LRB- the cookies must be crushed , of course -RRB- . Needless to say these are sinfully good on their own , or with wine -LRB- or a glass of cold milk -RRB- . In the past this product was carried in some of the finer food markets and even in Williams Sonoma , but I 'm happy to find them through Amazon . I have several old tins so the refill bag works out well .
 I have been looking for these for a long time . Came from the merchant quickly , packed adequately with no cookies crumbled , and obviously fresh . These are wonderfully addictive cookies . The shipping is high , but they are worth the cost , since they are so hard to find .
 Excellant Service , Excellant Product . These cookies are so hard to find , I would definately come back to purchasing through here again . The process was very easy and the product was exactly what I was expecting .
 Brach 's Solid Milk Chocolate Stars are the best for making Peanut Butter Blossom cookies . They are a must have around our house every Christmas .
 Enjoyed these chocolates back East but could n't find them in my area in California . Sinfully good and the ability to place a large order on Amazon at a pretty inexpensive price -LRB- minus the shipping -RRB- was great !
 The red peppermint flavor is the best of the bunch - and as everyone notes , it gives you an alternative way to get caffeine rather than coffee , tea or sodas .
 These mints are perfect for a non-sugar pickup . The flavor is very mild for cinnamon mints . Since these mints are addictive , it 's good that it takes three to equal the caffeine in one cola .
 I had a couple issues with the condition in which these arrived . However , the company rectified the problem immediately . I would definitely recommend these mints . They allow you to have just as much caffeine as you need , and avoid the energy crash that comes with sugary caffeinated products .
 These are the orgional and the best in my opinion . Very strong in flavor and a nice kick . I get these for my husband once sometimes twice a year . Good stuff !
 I tried these after using and enjoying the Lavazza Gran Crema full-caffeine pods . I was pleasantly surprised to find that these decaf pods are not missing anything at all in terms of strength , flavor , or volume of espresso . In fact , these decaf pods taste as good as or better than any full-caffeine pods I have tried , including the Lavazza Gran Crema mentioned above and Lucaffe 's own Blucaffe ,100 % Arabica -LRB- black bag -RRB- and Exquisit -LRB- red bag -RRB- . These are excellent !
 Smooth , consistent flavor with a reasonable amount of crema . I have never had any quality issues with these pods , either , which I have with some other brands ... Almost a hint of a chocolate aroma before brewing ... these are a top choice for an after dinner coffee ... Yum ... I think I 'll go make one now .
 I bought this kit as a gift for my boyfriend 's birthday and was impressed with the quality -LRB- and size -RRB- of the items . I did a bit of research for the perfect `` starter kit '' and thought this to be a good choice . It has the basic essentials , a descriptive and helpful instruction book , and a few extras . He was quite impressed and had fun opening all the individually bubble wrapped items ! We ca n't wait to pick up some sushi grade fish and get started . One item to note , I spent some time looking through the book that was included and feel that this will be a great help in the process ... simple steps , good instructions , and great photos .
 Once you see the book that accompanies this starter kit , you will realize two things . You wo n't be making sushi anytime soon without a few more items . Not only do you need fresh ingredients , you need things that are listed in the recipes to make Miso , to make Number-one Dashi and Number-two Dashi . You need Bonito flakes and kombu , you need things like bamboo leaves too . OK , so you do n't need bamboo leaves , but having a bamboo plant around the house would n't hurt.The book is especially helpful , but to make the sushi rice professionally , you do need to also order a rice-cooling tub -LRB- hangiri -RRB- . A square omelet pan is needed , but not essential . You can adapt by using a regular pan.Just add your fresh ingredients is the understatement of the year . You do get a sushi press , a sushi mat and Nishiki Sushi rice . The sushi Nori is essential as is the ginger , wassabi , soy sauce , rice vinegar , sweet wine -LRB- mirin -RRB- and white sesame seeds.Other items you will want to have on hand when this arrives : ChopsticksGinger GraterChopping BoardFish Knives -LRB- sushi knives -RRB- Plates for serving Sushi -LRB- not essential but make it more interesting -RRB- Skewers - for when you cook shrimpRice MakerStainless Steel ColanderWooden Rice Paddle - or you can use a wooden spoonIngredients : AvocadosCucumberCarrotsAsparagusChivesEggplantDaikon RadishFresh Shiitake mushroomsLotus RootKombuMiso pasteOcha - teaSakeShiso - an aromatic herbSnow PeasSushi Vinegar called AwasezuTofu - various types but Japanese Silken is recommendedWakame SeaweedRecommended Seafood selections include
 I can not locate sugar twin where I live so ordering it is the best way for me to get what I want and being able to use something that I have used and loved for well over 20 years , even when I was stationed Overseas my mother used to send it to me when I could not get it in them commissary . Thanks Sugar Twin for staying available for those of us whom love the taste and the portability of the Packets ...
 I 've been an avid user of `` SugarTwin '' for over 30 yrs . Prefer this sweetner over any other substitute on the market right now . Does NOT have a Bitter or BAD after-taste like some others . Very easy to use in cooking and baking . Great for anyone to use , and/or if you 're a diabetic . My hubby started `` borrowing '' my packets when he became Insulin dependent diabetic . He `` used '' to use the pink packets . Hmm . No problem , I 'll just purchase an extra box for him . Even when `` SugarTwin '' became unavailable in my area stores , I searched the Internet and was pleasantly , pleased to find `` SugarTwin '' available for sale this way . AMEN ! Their formulation is slightly different from other artificial sweetners and I believe this is why it tastes so good . Give it a try for yourself .
 If carefully noticed , Splenda has a chemical aftertaste , Twin is just plain sweeter .
 My mom used sugar twin to make iced tea and I do the same for my own family . Suddenly , it is impossible to find in any store in my area . I was very worried , as I have tried other products and nothing tastes like Sugar Twin . I am so glad to see that I can order it online . To the manufacturer
 Thank goodness for a decent tasting sweetener that does n't turn into formaldehyde - - - or leave an after-taste !
 I miss sugar twin in the stores . Do n't know why it 's not sold in the stores as they are the best tasting sweetner in coffee !
 I purchase the Sugar Twins for my Mom because she is not able to purchase them from a retail grocer . She loves the taste and the ease to which she can get them on Amazon .
 I am so happy that I can still get my `` Sugar Twin '' . None of the supermarkets in my area , or in the surrounding areas for that matter do either , so when I searched it on Amazon I was thrilled . I have used this product for years and just am not happy with any of the new ` sweetners ' . Thank you Amazon .
 I used SugarTwin for years prior to the introduction of Aspartame , and had been quite happy with it . When the almost constant headaches I experienced were traced to Aspartame , I returned to SugarTwin and have used it ever since without headaches . SugarTwin has a pleasant sweet taste and no artificial aftertaste unlike some other products . For me , it is much better than anything else .
 I grew up in Canada and am a big tea drinker . I drink 4-6 cups a day . I 've always used Sugar Twin -LRB- so much better than the pink or the blue or even the `` other yellow '' ones -RRB- , since I was old enough to know how many calories I would be consuming by using sugar in that many cups of tea . I am addicted to my tea like most are to coffee , -LRB- and that makes me wonder if Sugar Twin is some sort of drug ?!?!! -RRB- and so when I moved to the States 11 years ago and found the ST in bulk form to be different -LRB- like Kit Kat . Bet you did n't know they are better up in Canada ? Made by different companies -RRB- I started buying large quantities when I went home and being my own importer -LRB- the border crossings have n't always been easy ! Tons of white powder ... -RRB- . I went online today to figure out if ST is aspertame or saccharine and found that I can buy the individual packets at Amazon ?!?!?!?!?! I think I 'm in love .
 Ca n't find this locally . Was THRILLED to find it on the website . Price and shipping are totally reasonable and so worth it !!! Thank you !!!
 I have tried most all of the sugar substitutes and have found Sugar Twin to be the best for my taste . It disolves quickly and does not leave an after-taste in your mouth . I also like that one does not have to use alot to get things sweet .
 Sugar Twin is the ONLY artificial sweetener my husband and I used for YEARS , and we were devastated when it was no longer available in the individual packets . I do n't even remember what made me look online for the product , but I 'm so glad I found it ! The shipment arrived on time , in its original box , in excellent condition .
 This is a wonderful sweetener that is very hard to find in the stores anymore . No aspartame , just good old saccharin .
 The product was shipped when they said and was received in great shape . I would not hesitate to order again .
 These things are like crack . I ca n't get enough of them . Great to have around when the GF kids come for visit .
 These candies are really a special treat . They are a fantastic stocking stuffer for Christmas and a nice gift for Resurrection Day . They are great for those delightful parties . Very addicting to eat . You ca n't have just one because you will eat the whole package in one day . Do n't forget to share them with your kids too.To show someone you think they are special , give them an Andes Creme de Menthe Chocolate candy .
 Wow ! This tastes exactly like a nice gulp of Dr.Pepper . It is perfect . If you build up spit and eat one it tastes cool . well worth the money . Thanks Amazon !
 Have you ever gone to an Olive Garden chain restaurant and been given a rectangular chocolate mint with your bill ? These are those mints ! At first , I though OG was handing out Andes Creme de Menthe mints , and I bought the Creme de Menthe at the grocery store only to be disappointed by a sharper mint taste -LRB- peppermint even , maybe ? -RRB- . Ew . Note to self
 These are very hard to find so I was thrilled to see them here . I am delighted with them and share them grudginly with my friends . They arrived in excellent condition and I am very happy with them .
 Lea and Perrins Steak Sauce is one of the best steak sauces around and I can not find it in my local supermarkets which used to carry it , so I went to Google . After reading a lot about Heinz and its distributors -LRB- and no mention of where this is sold -RRB- , I was finally led to a link on Amazon and lo and behold ! , there it was ... and it was delivered safe and sound -LRB- it comes in plastic bottles so there 's no breakage problem -RRB- shortly after payment .
 So glad I finally found this - could n't find it at any of my local stores . Best steak sauce out there !
 Great I wish it was sold in stores in Montana it wought save shipping.Agin just a GREAT product
 I have tried many types of steak sauce and in my opinion this is the very best Steak Sauce available anywhereperiod !
 I had access to this before I moved from San Diego to Oklahoma . I can not find it in any store in OK or in Texas , and I do NOT understand why not!The flavor is fabulous , and works perfectly with Bearnaise sauce . I am ordering more .
 Lea & Perrins Traditional Steak Sauce is a wonderful sauce who 's value I would put at about the same value per-ounce as A1 Sauce premium flavors . I would even pay a slight premium more if you love it as much as I do but not a huge premium.For burgers this is hands down my absolute favorite topping . A properly seasoned beef-patty w / lettuce , Swiss cheese and Lea & Perrins ; Traditional Steak Sauce make a perfect burger . This sauce is has great tangy , well-seasoned , slightly spicy-sweet flavor that is very unique . I recommend every one try it . Right now , a few local restaurants around me have it on their tables . If you see it in your area , you really should try it on anything beef . Also , you can substitute this for any A1 Sauce flavor to try it out.In my opinion , Lea & Perrins ; has a done a very poor job of marketing this wonderful product in the U.S. , and are really short changing themselves and their Customers . Way too often , I ask for this sauce in a Restaurant or Grocer and they 'll say they have it . But , they are always thinking of the L&P ; Worcestershire Sauce and are always confused there could be anything else . L&P ; really could have named the product better too to make it very distinct from their truly `` traditional sauce '' which is , of course , `` Lea & Perrins ; Original Worcestershire Sauce '' . Their Worcestershire is great in it 's own right , but these two sauces have very different flavor profiles . This is the second time this product has become commonly available in the U.S. and I am really hoping they do a better job of getting the word out this time.I love this sauce and I 'm sure you 'll at least like it a lot . Try it and let us know what you think . Thanks .
 This is a good selection of ingredients to start making sushi . It has everything you need except fillings , but there are no instructions . I recommend getting a simple book like Sushi Made Easy to give you the basics . I was pleased with the quality of the ingredients . I might buy this again if I find myself out of everything at once .
 Well , everything that was shown in the package arrived . The rice vinegar opened during shipping so everything that was underneath that was sticky , but not ruined . I am definitely satisfied with this purchase and would recommend this kit to anyone just starting out with sushi making = -RRB-
 This product comes with everything you need ! All of the items are high quality and very well made . I was very surprised and pleased with the quality of this product . All you need are the vegetables and meat choices , and you 're ready to make great sushi !
 I bought this as a valentine 's day gift for my boyfriend . We use it regularly . Great looking and easy to use .
 If you know someone that always raves about sushi then this is the perfect gift .
 My husband and I ordered this basket for his parents anniversary and they loved it . My mother in-law said it was the best of Italian food -LRB- they are Italian New Yorkers who have retired to Florida -RRB- that she can not find in the supermarkets in her area . They loved everything in the basket and said the presentation and quality were excellent . I am so pleased that they were excited about this product because the older our parents get the harder it seems to be to find an appropriate gift that they will actually use . The delivery was very fast and we are all extremely happy .
 We gave this to some friends recently and they raved over how nice it was .
 Her T&uuml;rk Kahvesi sever bilir ki Mehmet Efendi , T&uuml;rkiye ` nin vazgeilmezidir . Aromas ' ve lezzeti en iyidir . E'er ne alaca '' n ` z ' bilmiyorsan ' z veya kahve d&uuml;nyas ` na yeni iseniz , T&uuml;rk kahvesi iin Mehmet Efendi bir klasiktir . Tavsiye EderimEvery real Turkish Coffee lover knows that Mehmet Efendi , is Turkey 's number one . It 's aroma and taste is the best in market . If you ca n't decide which to choose or if you 're not too familiar with Turkish coffee , Mehmet Efendi is a classic . I strongly recommend it . And being able to find this exotic taste in Amazon is another great opportunity . Overall I definitely recommend it .
 Proudly may I say , I 'm more than flattered to see Kurukahveci Mehmet Efendi brand in here . People ! I shout out ! You have to try this beauty . Turkish Coffee is superb , but Kurukahveci Mehmet Efendi is one of THE BEST ! No doubt you can use this coffee for your pleasure and I may guarantee you that the can would preserve the content fresh for about a year . Taste of Kurukahveci Mehmet Efendi is far beyond compare with other Turkish Coffee brands . So , you 're lucky for being able to reach out to K.K.M.Efendi coffees ... MUST TASTE IT !
 Have had the pleasure of this brand of coffee for two years . It is superb.try it if you enjoy Turkish coffee .
 Thank you , THANK YOU , THANK YOU ! Obsolutely THE BEST !!! LOVED IT . BOUGHT more because now I stopped drinking all the other coffee but this beautiful Mahmet Efendi Turkish Coffee !!!!!!
 I was in Istanbul a few weeks ago and asked a Turk what is the best Turkish coffee available . He say Kurukahveci Mehmet Efendi and handed me a 8oz can . I took it home and tried it and I must say it is the best I have tried from Kuwait , Turkey , or the USA , even as a novice preparing it at home . I 'm happy to see that it can be purchased from the USA . You will not be disappointed , just follow the directions on the can and prepare for a treat .
 -LRB- This review is very similar to one I did for another brand . -RRB- Let me start by saying that , while not a snob or connoisseur , I have tried just about every method of making coffee known to humanity . Drip , perk , pump and steam espresso , Aeropress , Neopolitan , Canadian-made coffee bags , Toddy concentrate and everything but pan boiled with eggshells . I 've ground my own beans and even roasted them in small quantities . -LRB- I must have been an alchemist in a previous time ! -RRB- Most of my gear -LRB- La Pavoni espresso machine , Capresso pump machine , Capresso conical grinder , countless Bialetti pots , Revereware stainless drippers , etc. , -RRB- have come from fortunate thrift store finds.My interest in Turkish style coffee came about with the purchase -LRB- online auction-used -RRB- of an ASTOUNDING Turkish-made fully electronic , sensor controlled masterpiece of an automatic maker from Beko which is even easy to clean ! It has won awards from CeBIT , the world 's largest and most international computer expo . Atat&uuml;rk would be proud!I found that my grinder could produce very close to the powder-like nature of ground Turkish coffee . But I wanted to try `` the real thing , '' so I ordered this brand and another . This brand is from Turkey and comes in an attractive almost collectable metal can.My biggest surprise was that the coffee is not as dark roasted as what I had used before . But very pleasant with -LRB- traditionally -RRB- sugar or without.If you have a local coffee supplier with the gear to REALLY grind down to Turkish style , you are in luck . If not , give this a try . Standard stove-top boiler pots are cheap , but the Bekos are not . As all coffee tends to come from the same sources , I suspect I will be able to find similar quality locally , grind it or have it ground , and store it in this can . Makes it easy to spot the Turkish grind !
 It 's all been said and it 's all true . There is a reason that all the reviews are 5 star . Just superb .
 My wife and I have been drinking this coffee for over 8 years and find it to be the best of everything we 've tried .
 You can walk through the spice bazaar , through the streets and past the storefronts amidst the crowd and crush of Istanbul 's market bazaar , until , near the Bosporus you come to the Mehmet Efendi window and smell the sweet scent of Turkey 's greatest coffee.What Illy is to Italy , Mehmet Efendi is to Turkey , and let 's remember-the Turks started it ! Oh , what sweet scents , what delicious varieties . I always bring home as much as my suitcase will carry . This year I may throw away all my clothes to make room for more Mehmet Efendi . Oh , and if you are not hitting Istanbul , is n't it nice that you can get it on Amazon ?
 I love Turkish cofe and this cofe was just like what I likeThe test was greetPlease try it
 Here the real taste of wonderful Turkish coffee is very impressive and quick cooking as well as strong smell of coffee and advise the acquisition of these wonderful coffee
 It is one of the best Turkish coffee available ! I love Turkey and went there twice . Every time I was there , I always ordered their cai -LRB- tea -RRB- or Mehmet Efendi Coffee . I 'm so glad that it is available from Amazon.comThere is a little tips in brewing Turkish or Greek coffee .1 -RRB- Use filtered water if possible . It does make a difference .2 -RRB- Use medium high heat .3 -RRB- When you place the pot on the stove , ensure you do n't over boil it . After it is boiled for 1-2 minutes , the coffee should have very tiny-bubbled foam . If you have BIG bubbles - you are over boiling it . Turn down the temperature .4 -RRB- Once the tiny-bubbled foam starts to rise up , remove it from the stove and spoon the foam into you cup . Within seconds , place it back to the stove and continue to boil it w/medium to medium high heat . After 10-15 seconds , your coffee is ready to be served . To me , the tiny-bubbled foam makes the coffee smoother.It takes a few good trys to make a perfect cup - Enjoy !
 I have been looking for some sort of `` Real '' Turkish coffee around coz i used to drink Turkish coffee as part of my rituals in the morning being a Middle Eastern and i finally found it.I will re-buy it most definitely
 Very authentic product , tastes nearly like in Turkey -LRB- the water makes a difference -RRB- . Very finely ground , almost like powder , easy to measure or spoon into water and boil .
 Great coffee , if you make it in a traditional Turkish `` kettle '' you will really see the beauty of a slow-brewed cup of coffee . Also , watch out for the grit at the bottom !
 The best coffee ever . Finally found it after drinking others . Definitely want more and also bring some to Macedonian parents who love Turkish coffee .
 This is , without a doubt , the best Turkish Coffee I have ever tried . Very sophisticated taste . Unfortunately , I am not a coffee connoisseur . But I prefer this to anything made at Starbucks , Peetes or Diedrichs . If you love the taste of coffee and have n't tried any Turkish Coffee before , this is the genuine article . I just brew mine in a simmering pot over the stove . No fancy gizmos . Not that I would n't love to try to make it in one of those tiny pots , but my house is filled with every Ronco infomercial kitchen appliance since 1989 and I do n't have any more room . Plus , its like 3 of those pots to one of my coffee cups . Finally , this stuff lasts forever and a day . It should take me a month or two to finish it .
 Wonderful product , can tell it is fresh -LRB- !!!!!! -RRB- , tastes great!Purchased for myself , then ordered additionally to give as a gift . The best Turkish/Armenian/Mediterranean coffee ever !!! Not mixed with any additives , `` fillers '' , or by-products as most coffees are , though they do n't even indicate it on their labels.Rich in flavors , not bitter , very finely grounded -LRB- as it should to be ! -RRB- Speedy delivery ! Nicely packed ! Would highly recommend to everyone ! All my guests love it!Thank you !
 Bought this as a gift for a person with very refined palate . Described the coffe as delicious and very good ! Would buy it again as a gift or for me .
 Excellent coffee . Aroma , Flavor , Body are exceptional . The best brand I found for my morning Turkish coffee . Strongly recommend it for serious coffee lovers .
 I have used this coffee in the past , so I knew in advance that it was a good product . In fact , it was originally given to me as a gift by a friend from Turkey .
 My Husband like this coffee . I just wish we could find other Turkish coffee brands or the Turkish coffee with Cardamom we used to get in Amman , Jordan . I would recommend this coffee to anyone
 If you have never tried Greek or Turkish coffee you really must try this first , you will save time finding the best brand . Absolutely amazing flavor , also try eating a few dates after to complement the coffee taste .
 This coffee is delightful the absolute bee 's knees , real deal . I 'm happy I found this turkish style coffee on Amazon , no more trips to the Greek store for coffee . Great flavor , texture , aroma it 's the best , the tops .
 I love this coffee , its the best I have every had . Delivery was really quick .
 This is the best Turkish coffee I 've ever tasted . It was suggested by a Turkish friend and I can see why . If you do n't like this , then Turkish coffee is just not your thing !
 Loving this coffee . I was visiting Istanbul early Nov 2012 and picked up fresh ground coffee Turkish Coffee at their store next to the spice bazaar . Glad to be able to order it through Amazon Prime .
 I have tried many types of coffee for the traditional Turkish preparation , and this by far is the best ! Fantastiko !
 This coffee has a unique flavor different from any other countries full bodied perfect balanced taste.I served it to my neighbors when they were visiting me they 'll love it .
 We are enjoying this Turkish coffee , but it does n't taste like the Turkish coffee we have gotten at restaurants . I assumed that the Turkish coffee would have cardamom added , but I guess we add that to the Turkish coffee . I guess that 's just my naivety ... and now I know !
 This arrived very carefully packed , . . and boy the jars were much larger than I envisioned . I ordered the Blackberry and Peach preserves . I put them both in the fridge , . . I prefer them cold . Had some the next day on some toast , . . super super delicious !! A little sweeter than I 'd like , . . but all in all they really are fantastic w/the majority of ingredients being the fruit . I think they have like 3 basic ingredients . Taste very homemade . Anyone who loves preserves will absolutely love these .
 The packaging is unique and keeps the preserves in pristine condition . I will most definately buy again .
 This Jam was off the charts good . The folks that produce do a wonderful job and will definately consider when it 's time to reorder
 I do n't know what to say other than I love Clearbrook Farm products . I know it will sound repetitive but for some reason our local markets do n't sell preserves anymore . Clearbrook has great taste , good amount of berries and a handy reusable jar .
 I bought this for my Dad . He loves it . On the verge of addicted to it if it is possible to be addicted to preserves . Needless to say it is very tasty just expensive for what it is !
 I really love this jam . Not too sweet or sticky . Just perfect texture , deep color and true blackberry taste . How do they do it ? I look for blackberry preserves all over in my travels but none match this product . Nice big reusable jar although I would like the option of getting smaller jars as I used to when it was in the local grocery store . I hope this product outlives me because I ca n't live without it !
 no where in the description is there FULL DISCLOSURE of all ingredients ! simply saying that the fruit is number one does nothing . SUGAR is SUGAR and if added in any way , shape , derivative , called by other names needs to be EXPLICITlY STATED to protect diabetics WHO HAVE TO KNOW
 When I first tasted this snack I could n't believe it ! Not only was it healthy , but it was utterly delicious ! The only problem I had was with the cost at the local store . As usual , Amazon.com stepped in and saved the day with a great price and selling me a sufficient quantity to last a while . I highly recommend this product for people who like snacks , but like to eat healthy !
 Special item and good for digestion . I recommend . Get five Joyva Sesame Crunch and one glass of water it is like a lunch and very nice for your stomach .
 Great product . Wonderful candy or energy bar in miniature . I lost my source once and thanks to Amazon , I have it back again .
 Lychees are a delicious fruit we used to eat in Africa and the taste is somewhere between a delicate sweet honey and the combined texture of a pineapple and a peach . They are a creamy white fruit with a hard thin shell.They are definitely enhanced when you empty the liquid into a saucepan and add in passionfruit juice . Once you reduce the liquid , you can then soak the Lychees in the syrup overnight for a delicious passionfruit flavored Lychee fruit treat.The Lychees can be sliced and used in exotic sauces served over Salmon . Why just the other night there I was wondering what to do with half a can of Lychees and the idea occurred to me . The recipe uses three Lychees and ingredients like mango chutney and Cabernet Sauvignon.So to make the Salmon with the Chutney Glaze , fry the salmon in butter or prepare any way you like . If you have a salmon rub or fish spice , you can use it to season the salmon before cooking . I put on rice right when I start to cook the salmon.The glaze can be made in the same pan . Mix together 1 teaspoon mango chutney , teaspoon orange zest -LRB- remove from orange with a zester -RRB- , the freshly squeezed juice of 1 orange , 2 tablespoons passionfruit juice , 3 sliced Lychees , dash soy sauce , a splash of Cabernet , pinch dried onions -LRB- or you could use shallots -RRB- , 1/8 teaspoon tapioca ground in a mortar and pestle -LRB- thickens the sauce -RRB- , French sea salt , freshly ground Tellicherry peppercorns.Pour the sauce into the pan all at once . Add a dollop of butter if you want and then just cook until the sauce turns into a beautiful glaze . Pour over your salmon and I think you will be impressed . ~ The Rebecca Review
 Could eat the whole can -- like candy . Great alone or mixed with other fruit . Very hard to find in my area .
 Fresh lychees are hard to find , especially in smaller quantities . Roland lychees are a perfect solution . The are not syrupy sweet and retain the fleshy yet firm texture . I eat them ` as is ' or for use in exotic fruit salads . I 'm working on a jam recipe but have had success with lychee coffee cake . Very satisfied .
 Just what I was expecting . Very good.Outstanding und fabelhafte.Schmecht gut .
 Confession
 I enjoy the complex flavors of this salsa . some heat some smoke some twang . bring on some more please .
 Good product made with natural ingredients . Not my favorite flavor , I prefer a red salsa - tomato base and a little more spice . I have found a preferred product for a lesser price . Although , it is delicious mixed with scrambled eggs topped with grated cheese !
 this is what my parents wanted after watching a review on tv and they are happy with the lingonberries and the price listed was acceptable .
 A variety of berry jams are usually my favorite -LRB- raspberry , strawberry , triple berry , etc -RRB- ... but when a friend introduced me to this it was instantly amazingly delicious . I 'm so sad that we just finished off the jar .
 Dr. Oz recommended this berry as one of the best antioxidants . Of course , I was in search of these special berries . Thank you Amazon for having just about everything available . The taste was unexpected . It tastes great !! I thought it would be just another health food where I had to adjust me taste buds . Not the case with this treat . It is sooooo delicious !! I can eat it right out the jar , but I usually spread it on matzo crackers or some specialty gourmet crackers . So if you 're wondering about taste , you 've found the right one !! This will be a holiday favorite ! Enjoy !!
 The lingonberries jam is very tasty . I had no idea what to expect the jam to taste like . It is pleasantly lite in taste . I am quite happy I purchased this product and I will purchase it again and again .
 After hearing of the value of lingonberries on the Dr. Oz show , I went on my computer and Amazon and found them right away . The price was good and I got them with in a few days . Very satisfied .
 Heard about Lingon berries on Dr. Oz show . Said they have more antioxidants than any fruit . Great in smoothies , I have mine on toast with almond butter . Will definitely order again . Ca n't believe anything that tastes this good is also so good for you.Service excellent as always .
 My first try at this type of berry and they are wonderful used as jam on toast or in a smoothie . I ordered 4 jars to give 3 as gifts for their first try as well ... all agree with me ! Feel sure they will be lovers of the lingonberry as well !!!! Amazon is the easiest place to deal with and the service most prompt even in items they send from another supplier !!!
 This is a delicious product . I am really enjoying it . It was nicely packaged and presented.I will be ordering this again .
 We recieved this product quickly and enjoyed it . We are sending out for more . We enjoy it with peanut butter . Thank you for great service
 This was new to me as I had never heard of Lingonberries . It is between cranberrys and blue berries and black berries . It is expensive but worth the money . Goes well with Jello sugar free , fat free vanilla puding . Just a small teaspoon level mixed with the pudding and topped with cool whip is an unforgetable treat .
 I noticed lingonberries were recommended by Dr. Oz with a number of healthy properties and ordered two different preserves . The other was twice the price of this but the taste was the same and this one had less water ; basically sugar juice , in it . I 'd be happy with either but given the large price difference I 'll reorder this one . The taste was excellent . I always prefer less added sugar and would wish for even less but this is delicious , has a nice fresh taste , too .
 We ordered these berries as accompaniment with Swedish pancakes for a school project World Cultures Fair . They are similar to red currants with a stiffer skin . We have never had them before so I can not compare to other brands . The delivery of the product was very quick ; we thank you .
 Till min stora f&ouml;rvning ! Wild Swedish Lingon , sold on-line by a company named MexGrocer ! How do you say `` bravo ! '' in Swedish ? You say `` bravo ! `` This seems to be nostalgia week among my amazoo friends , with reviews of coffee and soaps and suntan lotions . So what makes me nostalgic ? Lingon , of course ! Though `` hjortron '' -LRB- cloudberries -RRB- will do just as well.Non-Swedes tend to think of lingon only as a jam to spread on bread . In Sweden , lingon are the natural accompaniment for mashed potatoes ; you can buy a cone of mashed potatoes with lingon at the late night fast food stands . The Swedes who colonized Delaware and New Jersey were so eager to replace the lingon in their diet that they picked the nasty , bitter wild cranberries , mixed them with sugar , and invented an American tradition . But `` believe you me '' cranberry sauce is no match for real lingon as a relish for roast meats .
 Rolands Lingonberries reminded me of our trip to Sweden and Finland . Although , not quite as good as fresh lingonberries , Rolands is the next best thing .
 Lingonberries are great with rotisserie chicken . They are almost impossible to fine in the supermarkets . Even Whole Foods does n't have them . This brand is consissently of great quality .
 On vacation from Illinois , we first tasted this product at a Swedish restaurant in Wisconsin . It was served as an appetizer with various Swedish crackers , and we loved it ! We bought a couple of jars from the restaurant . When we ran out , I was able to find it through Amazon . Amazing ! I have n't tried any other brand , so can only recommend this brand . We love it on hot biscuits , but it can be served with practically anything . Serving suggestions are on the label . It 's slightly tart - so not over sweet like jam/jelly . I will continue to buy as long as Amazon will have it available .
 Yum , yum . I discovered these berries while stationed in Europe and fell in love . I searched the web for these little jewels from Sweden but could n't find them until I went on Amazon . The price was a little higher than I paid in the Commissary , but worth every penny . If you like a little less sweet preserves and jams , this is the choice for you . I use them on everything from pancakes and oatmeal to glaze for ham -LRB- I 'll be using them this Thanksgiving -RRB- . Shipping was fast and reasonable .
 As soon as I heard the health benefits on Dr. Oz I went right to my laptop to order . I purchased the 11 pound bucket -LCB- Rolands -RCB- which was an excellent buy . When it came I thought OMG it 's such a big bucket ! Well soon as I tasted it I fell in love with lingonberries.I took ordinary Premium crackers spread a little cream cheese and half a spoon of the lingonberries on top . Once you taste it you wan na have more and more . Love the flavor and the cream cheese was great with it . I had to fill a jar with some and not have to keep taking the bucket out of the refrigerator . Ca n't wait to taste this with chicken and pork etc. . I live at the NJ shore near the big cranberry bogs . But I am enjoying the lingonberries as they are much more delicious and I get all the added antioxidants which is important to me as a cancer survivor.I have been recommending it to my friends .
 Saw this product on Dr Oz and was not able to find it locally . It was shipped well protected and the quality and taste was outstanding .
 Jelly is a little bit bitter on its own but when added to buttered toast it tastes delicious . The benefits of this berry it outstanding for you so I hightly recommend trying it .
 ON DR OZ show IN Oct 2011 Announced these SUPER SUPER Berries as new SUper FOOD DISCOVERED!FOR ITS proven Antioxident Properties , possibly cancer fighting plus moreHe said compared to Blueberries
 I am shocked to see the other two negative reviews . I love these.a.lot ! I add peanutbutter chips too -LRB- not instead of but in addition to -RRB- . I will try some from scratch but really , these are good : -RRB-
 While I did not purchase these from amazon.com , I noticed the incorrect reviews , these are delicious ! So easy to make and great kid to make with a child as it 's fun to make and produces a delicious product raved by all who tried it . These are a yearly deal for our family ! You ca n't go wrong purchasing these if you enjoy a sweet treat ! Thanks Eagle Brand !
 We saw this coffee grower featured on `` How it 's Made '' . After seeing the beautiful froth on top of a cup of simply `` cupped coffee '' I had to try this one . The coffee is rich and fruity with a natural sweetness to it . Another plus is the fact that it has very low acidity compared to other coffees we 've tried . Definitely try this one .
 A friend brought us a bag from Costa Rica in 2006 . We then ordered a 10 bag box I was delighted to find at Amazon . This is full bodied coffee with no bitterness -- kind of a medium strength roast . A bag of this makes a nice gift when invited to a friend 's house for dinner . Orders are delivered very quickly directly from Costa Rica . Our last order took 5 days . The shipping box is very sturdy . The individual bags are securely sealed . Their Costa Rican decaf is also excellent .
 Just LOVELY ! The site warned it could take a while to ship , but it was here within the week ! We will be ordering Christmas presents through Cafe Britt !!
 Everything about the coffee is amazing from the natural aroma to the delicious natural flavor . And just knowing it is organic and shade grown makes me love it even more so . Easily my number one favourite coffee . its too bad the shipping is so much money for one bag though ! Going to have to stock up ! : -RRB-
 I 'm on my fourth or fifth bag of this coffee - two I 've ordered and the others as gifts . It 's always the smoothest , best tasting coffee EVER ! Love it!I 'm a late in life coffee drinker , so I did n't grow up drinking it . I learned to drink it as an adult . So I tried a lot of coffees before I found one that really capture the great press coffee always seems to have . It 's the only one I 've found that tastes `` silky '' and does n't bite . Definitely recommend it .
 Regular coffee adds to the acidity of your body , plus like pretty much everything else NOT organic - you end up adding harmful crap to your body from pesticides or whatever . So we opted to try this organic because it was a healthier option and should help us become more alkaline - and THIS brand in particular after doing a little research . Man were we happily surprised with how much WE REALLY LIKE THIS COFFEE ! It smells fantastic and the taste matches your expectations from the smell . We only got it 2 days ago , but are already placing another order today , ordering more for us and some for gifts . Yes , it 's more expensive than non-organic store brands , but the benefits should be worth it , and after tasting it - it 's much easier to spend the extra money for this . -- WE ENTHUSIASTICALLY RECOMMEND THIS!Oh ! If you are the type to make a pot of coffee and then keep going back to the cold pot and microwaving a cup through the day you 'll be happy to know that this coffee seems to do better with that , where other coffees seem to get bitter tasting when you nuke them . -- ALSO , we ran out and had to buy another brand at the store until we could use this kind again , we tried Paul Newman 's organic ground coffee - french roast . THIS coffee was definitely better than that brand , if that comparison helps you any .
 I actually messed up . I intended to order whole bean but got ground instead . The ground coffee was good but I suspect whole bean fresh ground would be better .
 Trying out different coffees to find an enjoyable cup that wo n't upset my stomach . This particular brand seems to be great for such.The taste is satisfying and as long as I can afford it I 'll purchase it .
 We brought this coffee home from Costa Rica , for ourselves and our family . We have had so many compliments and I have to say , I truly enjoyed every cup . The low acidity is probably what I noticed first , but the flavor is so calming and enjoyable , smooth and strong . It stole my heart . Pura Vida !
 This coca leaf tea has a robust flavor , far more so than I anticipated . Not bitter , just richer and fuller than most teas I have had . It has a very mild stimulating effect , somewhere in between coffee and regular tea . However , it is far more soothing than coffee ; no jitters or shakiness . I began having it in the mornings at work , and found it gave me the energy that I rely on coffee for , without feeling wired or sped up . I can see why coca is so sacred to the Peruvians ; there is a definite medicinal quality to it . Not in flavor , just in how it effects the body . Overall , I would say that tea drinkers -LRB- or coffee addicts looking to get off the Bean -RRB- should give this a try . Tastes great , and does wake you up a bit . I recommend !
 I have been buying this tea for over 8 months now and I absolutely prefer it over any other beverage in the morning . I started by making tea with it and now I simply put two teaspoons in my espresso machine and that 's it ! The energy from this drink is nothing like caffeine , no sour stomach , no jitters , no anxiety , no racing heart , none of the bad stuff . To top it off the nutritional value of coca tea is amazing as it contains many vitamins and minerals . After drinking it for so long I appreciate the flavor and I add nothing to it . Of course the BEST part of it all is how amazing it is at elevating mood . All around this is one of the best products I 've found this year and I hope Mr Avila is in business for as long as I 'm around . :-RRB- TRY IT YOU WILL LOVE IT !
 High quality coca products do not have a paper wraps since they can harbor dirt and bacteria and the printing ink can change or contaminate the delicate flavor of the tea bags.Organic coca tea bags do not contain preservatives or additives ; therefore they must be properly stored . All coca tea Air Tight Bags are re-sealable with zip lock closures and once opened the bags must be kept closed at all time to avoid contamination in a dry , cool , dark place away from strong-flavored foods . An extra airtight container is recommended when the tea is stored over one month.Do not store coca tea products inside a refrigerator if you have produce inside . Many fruits and vegetables , especially if they have been damaged , give off ethylene gas as they ripen . Coca tea bags are very sensitive to the presence of even very low levels of ethylene gas . The refrigerator acts as a trap for the ethylene gas given off by the generating varieties , allowing it to build up to damaging levels . Although not hazardous to humans , the ethylene gas leads to the early aging and rotting of the tea .
 I 've always been happy with purchases made from Andina . Products arrive quickly and with quality . Tea leaves retain freshness long after opening .
 This coca powder is flavorful and aromatic , tasting rich and fresh . It is pricey though , so wo n't do for an everyday tea -LRB- quality teas such as green or oolong cost about one fifth the price for the same quantity -RRB- .
 i really like this powdered tea it taste good mixed with soda , and is better than coffee.thank you for a great product .
 Natural , sophisticated and eco-friendly coca tea . Specifically , we have obtained the finest selection of organic coca leaves -LRB- three different varieties of coca leaf -RRB- which are free of pesticides and chemicals and arranged for them to be tested in US laboratories . Thus we have pioneered a top-notch process encompassing all steps in the processing of raw coca leaf to the final tea bag . The coca leaves go through a slow dehydration process similar to that of slow roasting coffee beans to get a humidity free product to prevent bacteria or fungus from developing and then we crush them into large flakes instead of the powdery-like content used for most brands . Our filter paper is bleach free and recognizable by its beige-like color instead of the traditional bright white . We opted for the golden and green Air Tight bag -LRB- Double Saran Coated Polyester -RRB- and Biodegradable Plastic Jugs to guarantee the absolute freshness of the product and discarded all paper wraps that can interfere with the coca tea flavor or over dry the delicate tea bags . Our Air Tight bags do not `` breathe '' . The technology used is similar to that used to pack electronic components . They have a zip lock system and can be recycled or reused . Presentations
 MMMM , i loved these candies . I seriously loved them because they are all different . I liked how only some choosen choco babies had stars in them , i bit them all in half to find one.My personal favorite was the Apollo candies , because they had strawberry and chocolate.But my only regret is that they are soooooo tiny .
 I originally bought this candy for my husband for Christmas , but as soon as I opened it I could n't resist eating/sharing it . They 're so cute and delicious . I wish I would have bought more .
 I purchased these as a `` unique '' gift for a candy loving family member . They are tiny , yes , but that is what makes them so perfect . Very unique package , very unique candy .
 a cute little product , tasty and sweet . you 'll wish there were more !
 These are the best chips I have ever tasted in my life . They are thin , lightly salted and crispy . These beat Lays by a long shot . As long as I can get these I 'll never buy Lays again .
 I live near Chicago and Jay 's Potato Chips was more than just their name . It was the penultimate standard . They sold to a multi-national and then bought it back when it got run into the ground -- but the chips did n't change back.These are the chips from my childhood memories . They are very thin and salted just right . I opened the first bag and ate half of it and had to force myself to stop . No guarantees for the rest of the evening . But , I may have to make a nice club sandwich and finish the bag off soon.At a buck-fifty a bag it is n't far from local sale prices . And if it were double , I fear I 'd still be hooked . This is , I fear , going to become a addiction .
 Worked very well on some not so tender beef . I 'm using it whenever I think it might be needed and having excellent results .
 The season has a good flavor , good price , and I do plan to purchase it again.Update : May 16 , 2010 , I am about to place another order for this product so it has to be good ! Lol
 When I opened the jar , I took out a few granulated pieces and rubbed them between my fingers ; immediately , the essential oils were released into the air , and I could smell wonderful Lemons!This seems like alot of money , but there is alot of Lemon peel in here , and it is a good value . I suggest you share with family or friends , so as to get new each few months!Linda Muir - Recipe Columnist Wisconsin State Farmer - Cook Book Writer
 This no salt tenderizer works well just leave on a little longer than salted others . The seasoning is very tasty and is a great alternative for people who want to control salt intake . I will be buying this product from now on . Loved it !
 Could n't find this in the local stores . The delivery was prompt and it was just what I wanted .
 This seasoning tastes so great that I have tried to replicate the herbs with my own ingredients . Now my creek is n't as good as Marshalls ' , but it has a few flavors that are worth it . My creek has a bit of a fishy flavor , so I mostly use it on fish and shrimp . Sometimes I find that oil has spilled in my creek , so those batches are n't very tasty . I 've started a new process in order to make the seasoning better . I 've started catching fish , salamanders , crawdads , and frogs , and I feed them black pepper , salt , basil , rosemary , and other herbs I can find . After a week of feeding them this , I put them back into the water . A day after setting them free , I go down to the creek and fill up some jars for my seasoning . This has enhanced the flavor of my seasoning , and I think I will begin marketing my own seasoning . Marshalls has started me to start my homemade seasoning and am very grateful . I will keep using Marshalls on my meat , though .
 This meat tenderizer is flavorful without being too spicey ! It has no salt and tenderizes meat well . My husband has Diabetes , high blood pressure and heart disease so you can imagine how happy I was to find this product ! I printed off the product info for my husband 's dietician so she could let others know about it ! Product comes in a very large bottle and has no sprinkle top so you might want to put it in a shaker to dispense . Price is VERY reasonable and spices are fresh ! It 's great in meatloaf , and I add it to meat when I cook it in the crockpot . If you need to lower your salt intake do n't miss this product ! Can also be used just for seasoning !
 This is a great no salt seasoning option . My husband is on a restricted sodium diet and finding seasonings and food items is tough . We use this on all of our grilling ! Items came quickly and in great shape .
 The product is OK but you get no info on how to use it.Do you sprinkle it on or do you use it like a marinate ? And how much to use?You pay for and get the essence -- you add cheap salt yourself .
 This is a great travel account of Alaska with Bob & Judy . I 've purchased all their Videos and enjoy themover and over . I 'm an armchair traveler with dreams of covering much of the same territory they have , for now these videos will do . Great job by you both and happy trails .
 We watched with expectations for good tips and we were quite pleased . We will not be going to some of the places they did , but the tips on driving with an RV were very helpful . We know what to expect now . Thanks !
 I got a suggestion from a family member to order these pickles for Christmas gift baskets . What a hit ! Everyone loved these pickles . I will be ordering them again .
 After finding a jar of the originals in the back of Mom 's pantry and really liking them , I looked up the brand because I had never seen them before . I placed an order for originals and sweet/hots and now I have found my all time favorite pickle ! Once you try em , you will be hooked !
 I bought one of these and liked it so much I used it on everything that I would normally use dill or sweet pickles in . I could n't eat a hot dog or a sandwich without them . When I ran out I went through withdrawals so I decided to keep four on hand just in case . Great as a side dish for fish or chopped up into tartar sauce too . Love these things .
 i had these when i was at tony 's in toledo . awesome . i wish they sold them around here in detroit .
 Received them as a gift . Got hooked . Now they must always be on hand in my refrigerator from Ohio to California .
 We have ordered directly from Tony Packo for years and I promise you will not be disappointed ! We now order them for friends as everyone who tastes them falls in love !
 This drink brings back memories ! Always had it as a kid on a sunday morning with some delicious warm mexican bread.Has a great flavor and consistency . Very easy to make and goes great with any type of bread , cookies or any sweet treat .
 Makes great tacos , burritos , chili , and just about anything else you want with a spicy , south of the border taste .
 Perfect for steaks , ribs , even chicken . Hard to find in stores as they have reformulated it and it is not the same .
 I know Knorr 's reputation so I purchased these cubes and have given some to friends and neighbors who have asked what I was using . A nice convenience .
 very nice garlic flavor , i use it in so many dishes and it will always be in my spice pantry
 My friends raved over it . I use it on fries and in soups and stews . I am unable o find it anywhere lately ... sigh
 I love Lorna Doone Cookies . However , the boxes at the grocery store arepackaged in 2 cellephane wraps inside the box . The cookies are frequently stalewhen I open them or shortly thereafter . These individual packsare sealed in aluminum foil and are really fresh . They even stayfresh past the expiration date which never happens with regular boxedcookies . I like to keep these around because they also settlemy stomach when I 'm feeling a little off . I have gerd which sometimesgives me problems . I have never been able to find the aluminum foilpackaged Lorna Doones locally unless they are in an expensive vendingmachine . Glad Amazon carries them .
 Lorna Doone Shortbread Cookies are made by Nabisco , that great American maker of cookies and crackers . Nabisco -LRB- or National Biscuit Company -RRB- has been around since 1898 , and the Lorna Doone cookies date back to 1912 - these are cookies your parents and grandparents probably grew up with.The cookies themselves are somewhat plain compared to what you might think of when you see the word `` cookies . '' They do n't have any candy chips , any chocolate coating , not even any raisins or nuts . Instead , Lorna Doone 's are good old fashioned shortbread cookies - adult cookies that taste great with coffee or tea - not overwhelmingly sweet , and certain to please any palate.These are very good cookies , ones that you will not mind setting out for guests of any age or taste .
 I grew up on Lorna Doone-Shortbread Cookies . I like just about any kind of packaging . There are more and less expensive short bread versions on the market ; however Lorna Doone is the stick that others are measured by.I used to buy these critters out of a vending machine at work until they became too expensive . Now I buy my own and have frequent visits from new found friends that used to be just co-workers . These cookies also work as that great pick-me-up snack on a long work day .
 A childhood favorite of my husband ; he was thrilled to get them for Christmas ! Last minute gift idea ... arrived in plenty of time to wrap & put under the tree .
 This is a sweet soft biscuit . Just right for my taste . Stays fresh for a long while and keeps my hunger at bay for a few hours while I am at work .
 The cookie is a shortbread one with great taste and you can pack it into your lunch or just carry for a quick snack .
 Chana masala powder is usually so expensive , so I was happy to find this at a good price . I use 3.5 tablespoons per 1 pound of dried chickpeas , and it tastes great.Warning
 Another successful Christmas in `` farin '' and I still got to have my traditional Jamaican Sorrel rum punch . This is a good deal , and the 2 packs made me about a gallon of sorrel . I added my rum , wine , ginger and pimento and my Caribbean Pirates loved it . . it tastes like fresh picked sorrel , no one could believe it was made from dried buds . Nuff respect , dis irie !
 I use sorrel as a soup base for vegetable soups and it is delicious . It is sold as a tea and it good that way too .
 I loved this ! The flavor was great and the drink was really easy to make . The only thing I did n't like was the price .
 Fresh tasting with just the right amount of both salt and vinegar - Nice and thin with just the right amount of crunch too . Everyone is enjoying these . I 'll be ordering them again .
 If you like salt & vinegar chips , you 'll love these . I 've tried a lot of different brands of chips , and these Potato Fingers are really quite good . A box of 12 large bags , though , was a bit too much for me -LRB- a single person -RRB- . It just means I have to eat more :-RRB- I was a bit worried about the expiration date , but when I received the delivery , the expiration date was 7 weeks away , so plenty of time to finish them.For those looking for nutritional info , here 's what it says on the bag -LRB- based on 2000 calorie diet -RRB- : Servings per container
 The Southwestern Spanish flavor is pleasant but not overpowering , and the rice is fluffy , not `` clumpy '' like other brands . I always keep a pouch in my car and at the office for when I do n't have time to get out for lunch , and in my suitcase for when I need a late night snack while travelling . We always take Viva La Rice when camping , backpacking or boating . This is an excellent product at a very fair price .
 My kids really like to eat this as an after-school or late-night snack . However , they like it best when it has been heated for 90 seconds instead of the 60 seconds recommended on the package . My oldest takes it to high school as part of his lunch because it is so quick and he has only 30 min for lunch .
 >> Coconut Oil in general < < As you may know , natural coconut oil has a lot of well researched health benefits . Many people -LRB- including health professionals -RRB- consider it one of the best -LRB- healthiest -RRB- oils we can eat . That , along with extra virgin -LRB- first cold pressed -RRB- olive oil . Coconut oil has the advantage that it remains stable -LRB- does not overly breakdown nor form free-radicals -RRB- when used for cooking . I never cook with olive oil for this reason , although I use a lot of it on food in general.If you are not familiar with them , I am sure you 'll enjoy reading any -LRB- or all -RRB- of the following books : - Virgin Coconut Oil
 This oil is fantastic for anything that you DO NOT want a coconut taste to show up in , but I like the flavor of coconut .
 In wanting to enjoy the health benefits of coconut oil , we were growing tired of every baked item tasting like coconut and not having another healthy fat to cook in , other than butter -LRB- I have not been excited about the idea of purchasing lard to render myself ! -RRB- . This expeller-pressed coconut oil is excellent ! When I used it for fried rice , my husband said it was the tastiest chicken fried rice he 'd ever had . The ONLY downside to this product is that the container is a bit difficult to open , but I just had my husband open it and then we put a quart worth of oil into a mason jar ... so , we will only need to open the container 2 or 3 more times within a year or so . This oil is a great value for the money ! And I got to use my Amazon gift card from Christmas to purchase it !
 This is a great cooking oil , no flavor at all great for frying pork chops , chicken breast , hash browns , ect . . No coconut flavor.I use this oil to replace my vegetable oil.I do use my favorite extra virgin coconut oil -LRB- Nutiva -RRB- as a supplement and for when i want coconut flavor , but i highly recommend this for when you want a smooth tasteless cooking oil.Will buy again !
 UPDATE - February 2012Apparently Amazon has corrected this issue and the oil again comes directly from Wilderness Family Naturals . I have ordered through Amazon again and gotten the real thing . Highly recommended.It pays to be careful to make sure the vendor is the real supplier.I generally prefer the centrifuged to the expeller pressed , but this would be my second choice -LRB- which it was when the other was not available for the order below -RRB- . PROBLEM with a third party reseller : I ordered this form a third party reseller here and did not get the Wilderness Family Naturals oil as pictured . The oil shipped was in two smaller 1/2 gallon containers which came unmarked and were not sealed . They leaked in shipping and ruined other items in the order , the shipping box , and other shipments around it . The USPO had to seal the entire box in plastic to contain the damage.Bad , Bad , bad.I have been a Wilderness Family Naturals customer for many , many years , and I am extremely distressed by this fraud . I have returned the damaged , leaking oils to Amazon and notified them that the item was NOT what was advertised on this page . I should have been suspicious that the price was higher than the same item from WFN.I will go back to ordering directly from Wilderness Family Naturals.Wilderness Family Naturals centrifuged oil is definitely the best coconut oil I have tried in nearly a decade of using coconut oil . Their expeller produced oil runs a close second . I love their oils and highly recommend them , but definitely AVOID these second-hand fakes.Amazon , you need to deal with this fraud.UPDATE - February 2012Apparently Amazon has corrected this issue and the oil again comes directly from Wilderness Family Naturals . I have ordered through Amazon again and gotten the real thing . Highly recommended .
 I love this oil . It is tasteless and ordorless . I use it in place of veg oil . It is also just luscious for the skin !
 I use this oil just like the vegetable oil that I used to use . It 's great for fried chicken , french fries , etc. . I even use it for my beer battered fried vegetables .
 I 've used many brands of organic coconut oil and I think this is a great value . If you like bargains , as I do , this `` contains the same healthy fatty acids as virgin coconut oil . '' I ca n't see paying more for virgin oil just to get a coconutty taste .
 The oil tastes great . It works fine . The seller is helpful.The only difficulty ? I had to call the seller , because I could n't figure out how to open the oil.Turns out that the seller actually has a special `` opener '' that they can sell you for products packaged in this container . Mind you , you CAN still open it with a lot of work . I managed with a screw driver as a pry bar and a lot of effort . But , it was so difficult , that I am hesitant to really close the container completely again -LRB- and , while I originally thought I had closed the container , it turns out I had n't . So , closing it thoroughly appears to take some serious effort as well . -RRB-
 Creamy consistency . Try adding it to peanut butter and pouring it over ice cream where it will harden . Nirvana !!
 Good price , good oil . However , the container is a doozy to open every time . I need to use a paint can opener .
 This coconut oil is some of the best I 've used . I am a massage therapist and use Coconut oil in my practice . It does n't stain the sheets the way every other oil does . This oil is soft and has a very light scent that disappears quickly.I use coconut oil in baking and cooking , because it is one of the healthiest oils and taste great . This oil makes all my baked goods I tried it with so far very moist and rich tasting . It 's the best oil for cooking because it has a high heat point and does n't smoke or taste different after being heated.I also use it for my after-shower moisturizer . Other coconut oils I have tried are sometimes crumbly or hard to melt , but this one is smooth and creamy all the time .
 This makes the flavor of all my cooking so much better . Easy to work with . Have enjoyed . I recommend product .
 We only use coconut oil in our house . Buying it in smaller containers at the store is to pricy . We buy it like this and refill into another container for in the kitchen .
 fast , not damaged , good service what more could you ask for ? i really do n't want to keep doing this , but it wo n't let me .
 My husband and I are trying to eat healthier . My husband had a heart attack last year and know that using coconut oil is the best for cooking at higher temps . than other oils . This has been a great product and would recommend it to anyone and will buy it again . Thanks for providing this product for us .
 This is excellent coconut oil and was a very fair price . I use it in cooking and baking also in smoothies . Excellent for facial creams and lotions also .
 This coconut oil is an excellent cooking oil . Our food tastes delicious ! A little hard to open , but a great product . This gallon will last awhile , and the price for the amount is wonderful .
 I bought the one quart size of this oil first . The oil is pretty , white , pure coconut oil without the coconut taste . I refilled the quart jar from the gallon tub and this works well to keep on counter .
 I received this in the mail so fast I was really surprised when it arrived . It 's a great sugar substitute although I 'm actually using it in a homemade toothpaste recipe . It tastes great , I love it . You should n't hesitate to try it . It tastes SO much better than a lot of other sugar substitutes you will be amazed ! I would highly recommend this product .
 Xylitol is such a useful and tasty sugar alternative . We use it in everything you would normally put sugar in , including tea , coffee , baking , homeade lemonade , etc. . This product is also very affordable compared to other sources .
 Great product , I really enjoyed the quality of the ingredients ! It was more than I expected for such a great deal !
 Xylitol is the best sweetener I 've ever used ... period . Jarrow 's price for the 16-ounce jug here at Amazon is n't too bad , either . I 've also used the powder mixed with Lactoferrin and alcohol-free Witch Hazel as a wound dressing to stop bacteria from colonizing , which produce toxins that create infections and slowdown wound healing . I first learned of this a couple of years ago after reading about such being used in wound care centers . I will definitely continue to buy the product , as I use it everyday as a sweetener . Highly recommended .
 Out of all of the sugar substitutes I 've tried , and I 've tried them all . this one is the best.It feels like sugar , it acts like sugar , and it tastes like sugar . There is no aftertaste , and best of all , unlike all the others , there are no side effects . It is also safer than the other sugar substitutes , according to my doctor.It all natural , made from Birch Bark and is rumored to have some health benefits , such as , it metabolizes in the body without using insulin making it an excellent choice for diabetes patients . It it also rumored to build immunity , protect against chronic degenerative disease and has anti-ageing benefits and is an antimicrobial , preventing the growth of bacteria.Unlike the poison , Aspartame , and other artificial sweeteners , Xylitol is actually good for you . I highly recommend it over all other sweeteners .
 After reading in several dental-health books about how good Xylitol is for preventing cavities , strengthing teeth , etc. , I decided to try Jarrow Formulas Xylitol . It is smooth , cooling and simply delicious ! I eat it off a spoon , several times a day . I received this very quickly , am extremely happy and will definitely be a repeat customer .
 Because this is a powder it dissolves better in cold drinks than the other Brands.The other brands are fine for hot drinks , but their crystals are bigger and do n't dissolve in cold drinks . Love this !!
 I have to use 2 spoonfuls of this inorder to sweeten the same amount of coffee that i use less than one spoonful of xylo sweet . This does n't have any after tatste though , xylo sweet has a slight aftertaste , but is very potent . for the price I do like this product .
 If you are looking for a great xylitol powder , then this is it ! I purchased this for myself and a friend who wanted to try using this product in baking for their friends without using sugar . It has a cool mint flavor and it turns up in the baking which is fine if you want that flavor . I use a tiny amount in my tea , but I prefer stevia instead . My friend thought it was great for baking and said it performed great !
 I 've been using this xylitol for months in my sinus irrigation machine . I mix it with the salt and warm water . The xylitol really helps to clean out my sinuses . The first time I used it , I was really shocked at home much I was able to blow my nose and clear my sinuses . It still continues to help after a year of use . It has n't cured my sinus issues , but it makes a difference .
 I bought this Xylitol powder after reading in some professional dental journals recommendation to fight tooth decay and oral problems . Product is sweet and tastes like regular sugar with no after taste .
 The much touted health benefits of xylitol made me buy this product . It is a huge amount of sugar in a very fine , powdery form.I deduct one star for the misleading label which makes everyone think it is a protein powder . It should be marketed as a healthy , organic product rather than something which looks like a genetically engineered `` get-big-quick '' supplement .
 I loved sugar daddy 's when I was a kid.I am now 65 still love them.As a child it took me a long time to eat one Now I can eat one at 1 sitting !!!! My 1st order I actually ate 2 a day.Have better control of myself this time , not eating them every day will last longer !!
 The Sugar Daddy was and apparently still is one of the best suckers/pop of all time . At least I think so . They are also an excellent check for loose fillings . I was n't sure if the ones I ordered would be the same as existed in the 50s and 60s . They are . Today they may be sealed better but are still the same great tasting caramel . Now if only I could hide them from my grandchildren . ; - -RRB-
 Bought this as a gift for my dad . He was overjoyed to recieve this box of Sugar Daddys . It was his favorite candy years ago , and he said these tasted just as good as they ever did . He 'll have enough to last him for months of enjoyment !
 Same as the small ones . These are even better because they are bigger . Service again was fast and reliable arriving on time .
 Ordered Sugar Daddy 's as a gift for birthday and they were overly happy toget them . Remined them of their youner days . Great value and fast shipping !
 I 've purchased this item at an apple orchard in upstate New York two years straight . It 's very smooth and spreadable , with a nice , very lightly-spiced , sweet taste . I must say , I have tried other brands which were OVERWHELMINGLY autumn - `` spicy '' / nutmeg-y , which I did n't like as much as Kauffman 's . It 's so good , in fact , that I ca n't wait 'til the fall and need to order another jar . My family enjoys it too . Also , the company was very warmly responsive to inquiries by e-mail . Do n't hesitate to try it for a nice alternative to jam !
 Sent this arrangement as gift and it was very satisfying . Only wished to be real flowers . Recommended !
 I love plain black teas and this one is smooth , balanced and has quite a punch to its name.I ca n't handle very strong tea so at times I would even make two out of one bag and drink one after another , its that tasty!My favorite way to take this rich tea is with sugar and slice of lemon with some of its juice squeezed right in . Once I do that I feel in tea heaven . The color of the this tea is slightly reddish and not muddy brown as some black teas have different shades as per the fermentation process.It 's lovely as hot tea or cooled and even iced and it goes with breakfast , lunch and dinner . Since I 'm Polish I have a habit of drinking my tea through out the day , and we like it simple and tasty . This British import is really well suited for a wonderful afternoon of tea and book reading in my favorite chair or a refreshing brew on a summer picnic.Simple and delicious for a good price !
 It seems unfair all the delicious things I find when I visit far away lands . Then it is problematic feeding my newfound addictions when I get home.Anyhow , it may seem like a pretty penny for tea , but I like it tasty and strong fast -LRB- impatient -RRB- . Also , it does n't get as bitter as most teas after sitting about for a while . So , if I have n't finished my morning mug then at lunchtime I can nuke it for a few seconds and it is totally drinkable.I like also being able to get a huge box -LRB- although there are smaller denominations out there -RRB- that will last me for a month or two .
 Say what you will about teabags , for me , this is the best tea . I like a strong brew of workman 's tea , and one cup of this has me buzzing thru the morning , humming a happy tune . Admittedly , my mum has to send it to me from England , but in the same parcel , I get McVities ' Genuine Jamaican Ginger Cake , Soreen malt loaf -LRB- heavenly sliced thick with a little butter ! -RRB- and Marmite -LRB- not a generally popular spread in America -RRB- . I simply love living in America , but sometimes a little taste of home is just the ticket.To me , all others are a passable replacement . If you like tea the way real English people drink it , this is your brew !
 Like many others I find it hard to find food items I have found in other cultures and countries when I return home to the U.S. Tea being the most important part of my day , also like many other human beings , was the worst to locate somewhere in the world I adored . After finding Yorkshire Gold on a trip to the U.K. , I have not had another tea cross my lips since . Although it appears to be a lot for 160 bags , what they do n't tell you is that each bag is an explosion in itself , they are more than ample to make 2 cups minimum , and many people I have introduced to it make a large pot using only one bag . You can use one bag and make a 2 quart picture of ice tea . It goes a long way so it 's worth the shipping . It 's got a rich malty taste , never bitter , very smooth and is so far away from the swill foisted on Americans , I ca n't believe we have put up with it for so long . Must be a `` tea party '' thing . You will never regret ordering this tea .
 It is hard to start the day without this delicious tea . I have found no others like it in the US . It is rich and smooth ; I like it best with cream and sugar . If you like English breakfast teas , this one has no equal and far surpasses anything you can find in the local grocery stores .
 I LOVE salt and vinegar potato chips . I currently live somewhere that does n't sell them , and I have no other option but to order them or have friends whoc an get them send them to me . I found this variety in the Amazon Grocery store and thought I would give them a shot.I LOVE THESE CHIPS ! They are thin and crispy , not too salty or vinegary , absolutely perfect . I will continue to buy this brand , PotatoFinger , from the Amazon Grocery until I find something to beat this chip ... I think I 'll be ordering these for the rest of my life !
 I got these when they were on clearance ... good deal and good flavor . A lot of the chips arrived broken , though .
 I was so surprised to find this product.I had been looking for this jam at many sites and this company was great !! The jam was fantastic and the company was great . They shipped it out quickly and in very good shape . . I have been really satisfied with this product and will order again !!
 I bought this for my Mom 's 76th birthday . She was born in England and misses `` home '' . This is the same gravy mix she used in England 50 + years ago . Bisto is great for darkening and seasoning beef gravy . Same great taste , same ease of use .
 This Green Tea was purchased for a person who only eats organic , healthy , etc. . I shared in a cup with him and it had a nice flavor . Would I pay this much money for it again ? I can get similar products with less purchase price from local grocers .
 It is a good `` pick-me-up '' when I have to start my day at the workplace . However , I thought it was just going to be a plain peanut butter cookie when I found peanuts in with the cookies . I did n't mind the peanuts , but it just was different what I had imagined .
 My husband and I have tried to change our eating habits this year and part of that has been making sure we have something for breakfast . I do n't know about everyone else , but we are not friends with our alarm clock . We have a slap fight every morning with it until we realize we must obey if we want to keep our jobs . Needless to say , there is no time for breakfast before we rush out the door.This is where these cookies come in very handy . The first time we bought them we kept them in our pantry -LRB- I think we bought 60 that time to try a variety of flavors -RRB- . Unfortunately , by the time we reached the last dozen , they had gone bad and were a bit fuzzy . Now this is actually a good thing ! Mold ca n't grow without moisture , so this tells you the cookies are moist ! Because they are all natural and are not made with preservatives , it is only reasonable that they would have a shorter shelf life.Next order we popped a weeks worth in the fridge and put the rest in the freezer . We did this because my husband likes to eat them in morning traffic on his way to work so frozen cookies would n't work for him . I on the other hand work in a very small office so I brought a variety to work and put them in our freezer . In the morning I just pop one into the microwave for 45 seconds and I have a warm , tasty breakfast . I especially like the gooeyness of the melted caramel and chocolate from those varieties.At an average of 300 calories it is a good meal alternative and is very filling . It is a nice alternative to drinking a slim fast for breakfast , though I do sometimes still do Slimfast for breakfast and have a cookie for lunch.I would like to see them come in a variety dozen . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I love these cookies ! At 300 calories , they 're a bit much for a snack , but make a great breakfast . I ca n't wait to try some of the other flavors !
 I love this product and being able to have a fulfilling breakfast on the run is a plus !
 For the early morning rush , I grab one of these and a cup of coffee and I am all set , good too
 They were great , fresh . Need to order more . I cant get Peanut butter type in my area . I Only wish you can customize the types desired .
 Crunchy peanuts , whole flax seeds , tastey way to get omega-3 , 4g Fiber from the delicious diversity of whole grains , yummy !
 Great Product -- and a smoking price from Amazon made this perfect . They were expiring soon but I go through them fast enough to have made it worth while .
 Love these cookies , and healthier then most alternatives . From freezer to microwave , heat 15-20 seconds and you have a tasty snack .
 I am so addicted to these cookies ! Love them ! They are great for a meal substitute or snack . Not too sweet-just right . They are good for you too . What else could you want ? No more dessert store bought cookies for us . One cookie and a glass of milk is pretty filling for me as the cookies are sizable . My son likes two at a time though . -LRB- Sometimes I do too ! -RRB- We have disabilities in our home so ` easy ' is a word we love . At first we tried the Morning Glory Cookies and loved those so ordered 4 more different kinds , caramel apple , banana nut , peanut butter with chocolate , fruit and nut . We all loved them all . The Caramel Apple went first though . My son 's favorites are caramel apple , peanut butter with chocolate and banana nut . Frozen we heat in microwave 25 seconds . What I love about this one is the gooey melted chocolate . It does not have too much chocolate , just right . Also the peanut butter flavor is not too strong . I want one right now but unfortunately we are out Darn it ! Do not hesitate to try these in any flavor . They are a bargain . We are getting the automatic monthly shipping next month which is even more of a bargain and will order probably 10 packages at least , for 3 people . I told you we love them !
 These are good and filling ! I like that they 're vegan ! Great peanut taste , but not as good as the peanut butter chocolate chip that they were out of when I ordered these ! They 're a filling breakfast for on the run days ! The big thing about these breakfast cookies is that they need to be refrigerated . We did n't do that once and several cookies grew mold in just a couple days of room temperature . This is also a problem because ups sometimes leaves them on our front steps rather than our porch and they have gone unnoticed for a couple days a few times that we 've ordered them . Erin Baker 's customer service is really friendly and helpful , and the cookies actually taste better cold than room temperature !!
 These are one of the few breakfast bars that actually fill me up and get me ready for the day until lunch . The flavors are outstanding , and the consistency is that of a home made cookie . All in all , a great start to the day .
 Excellent product and excellent service from this seller . Lime pickle is a must-have relish as part of an Indian feast , but my favorite everyday use is as a garnish to tuna salad .
 I first tried Lime Pickle at my favorite Indian restaurant . I went straight to Whole Foods and bought a jar ; however , they stopped carrying it . I 've checked several specialty stores , as well as on line , over the past couple of years and what a nice surprise when I found this on Amazon . Goes great with chicken dishes , but I served it with a cheese , salami and cracker appetizer and it was a hit . It has a very strong , unique flavor .
 I love this stuff . I 've tried a few brands and they 're all much the same at the end of the day , but Patak 's version is n't too bad at all . If you 've never had lime pickle , bear in mind that it 's an acquired taste , like olives . My first reaction was that it tasted like curried soap , but these days a good tiger roll with thick slabs of cheddar is n't the same without this stuff in it . It works on cheese topped oatcakes as well and when I 'm most badly in need of a spice fix , I can eat the stuff straight off a spoon .
 nice quality , adds a new taste to supplement the curryRecommendedWell pickled , long lasting , delicious . One bottle goes a long way
 I 've always liked Knorr products and this is no exception . The boullion dissolves effortlessly in liquid and the flavor is wonderful . There are a lot of different ways to use boullion as a flavoring agent and I 'm not shy about experimenting . It was fortunate , however , that I took a closer look at the ingredients list on the label -- the fourth item on the list is monosodium glutamate ! I have no problem with MSG myself but I have friends who suffer different degrees of allergic reaction to it , one in particular who becomes very ill.I 'll have to be very careful when and if I use this boullion when I 'm having company for meals . Had I known of the MSG content , I would n't have made the purchase , much as I like the product otherwise . Given the publicity about MSG sensitivity , I feel Knorr should have shown a clear warning at the point of sale at Amazon . One ca n't read ingredient labels online , more 's the pity . That 's why I knocked a star off the score.So count this as a warning
 I was looking for a different style chicken flavoring that was not as artificial as the ones at local stores and decided to try this one . It was only available in cube form at local stores so I was forced to go online for the powder style . It has a much better flavor than the cubes
 It would have been nicer if the expiration date was n't this year . I can use it camping , put into smaller container so lite weight for hiking & has great flavor .
 Product shipped promptly and arrived as described . The same great product I get at the store but by far a better value
 I use this -LRB- and the beef flavor -RRB- more as a seasoning than a soup . Great for stews and such -- even with beef dishes I often use the chicken flavor . Goes in with stuffing recipes . Can replace some or all of the salt for different recipes.I do use the chicken as a soup base -- I usually make the soup with black pepper , dill , and lemon juice as seasonings , and sometimes add a bit of milk for creamier soup . Also sometimes mix in the low-sodium broth powder as well to get great flavor without over saltiness.The granules allow you to use as little or as much as you need . Price here at Amazon is a deal since I do use enough of this for the 12-pack .
 I used to be able to get Baguettes in our local grocery store , but for some very obscure reason they no longer carry them . I was delighted to learn I could get them from Amazon . My only criticism is that there were fewer broken pieces when obtained from our grocery , but the taste is still elegant in pieces or whole . I recommend them highly ... in any flavour .
 I had been dying to try some New Zealand honey since hearing someone rave about pairing it with almond butter . So , I took an English Muffin , spread some almond butter on one side and a Tbsp of New Zealand Clover Creamed Honey on the other . It was pretty close to heaven . Note
 Expensive but so worth it ! I come from UK where clover honey from new Zealand is readily available . It has been difficult to find really great honey in US . I would recommend this .
 This is just one more of the fabulous tapenades offered by Gaea to enliven formal or casual meals or snacks . Great for last-minute guests , an appetizer to hold the family while you finish fixing dinner , or a high-end picnic , these make wonderful spreads , dips or recipe ingredients . I love serving them with crackers and a pretty knife , but they 'd also make a superb dip for crudites and a lovely spread for fancy sandwiches . Gaea prints serving ideas plus at least one recipe inside the light cardboard wrapper of each jar , making it simple to imagine many options . And Subscribe and Save offers a wonderful deal ! My husband and I love this one , the two olive versions , and the sundried tomato version but will undoubtedly try additional flavors as well . One or more flavors are now constantly in stock at our house , and we love having them delivered in bulk for ease and convenience . Try them -- you 'll be thrilled , too !
 ... but hey , I get a free glass storage container with lid for the price , a plus . Do to the small amount it may take two containers to use for a meal for making meat source tasty but it will be tasty . Nice balance of flavors and does not mess with meat taste like a heavier tampanade may . I use one jar to 8oz . of goat cheese and have a nice spread for bagels or hard bread .
 I was n't sure exactly how this mixture would work . I tried it with chips and cheeses and burgers . It works best as a pizza topping - especially if you grill your pizza . I also enjoyed mixing with with hamburger and veggies that went into a pita . I really did n't like it plain , but mixed with other items , it satisfied my taste buds.Unless you use this daily , the bulk packaging will last forever , so plan to have it around for a while .
 I use this -LRB- and the chicken flavor -RRB- mostly as a seasoning rather than a soup . Great for stews and such ; I like a bit with sauteed or roasted potatoes . Can replace some or all of the salt for different recipes . Price here at Amazon is a deal since I do use enough of this for the 12-pack .
 Knorr 's Beef crystals . I have never used this product before , bought it because I 've always been happy with Knorr products . THis is outstanding , you can not believe what it does for soup and stew . The flavor is excellent . I had my daughter try veg . soup with and without it and she could not believe the change . I have given all my daughters a jar to try at their home , I believe I have made quite a few converts . Try it you will not be disappointed . Great in gravy also .
 This has a great flavor and is perfect for gravy mix and onion soup mix .
 I say Barely because I know this is not the most natural , organic of products . It is in powder form and every-time I glance at the ingredients I realize it has quite a few . But on the other hand for convenience sake and yes , an added beef flavor in culinary endeavors it offers almost unlimited convenience . They -LRB- who is they ? Knorr Beef Rib Flavor , Granulated , 7.9-Ounce Jars -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB- , of course ! -RRB- are certainly a much better offer than Boullion in cubes , where you have to peel each and everyone of cube shaped nuisances and if you happen to be a nail biter then a small knife you must use to pry them open . By being in powder form it is a pleasure to just pour whatever amount satisfies the culinary soul . Now that is convenience and that is why the high rating 4 . I am fully aware of more purified forms of beef flavoring , almost pure offerings , but they come for a hefty price and in case I forgot to say it
 I too am from NY and this is by far the best brand on the market . I wish they sold it locally here in NC . I miss just being able to buy it at the grocery store . You get a lot for the money too . it 's a BIG jar not those itty bitty ones they sell here at the market . You get Quality and Quantity ! BEST buy !
 There are other duck sauces out there , but only Dai-Day tastes like the original duck sauce from the Chinese restaurants in New York where I grew up .
 Yep , another displaced New Yorker . Californians ca n't even imagine what Duck Sauce is !! This is a wierd state . I grew up on Dai Day and my family has been sending me jars now and then . Well it 's summer BBQ season . Dai Day on ribs and pork chops is just killer . I 'm glad Amazon has the `` Good Taste '' to sell Dai Day .
 My wife and I originally were introuced to Dai Day Duck Sauce in New York over 40 years ago at a barbaque . The ribs and chicken had the most wonderful sweet and punjent taste ever in our memories . For many years we lived in South Florida and were able to purchase it at our local supermarket . We now live in Asheville North Carolina and none of the major chains carry it . We purchased Dai Day from Amazon and were thankful that we still can get this great item . There are NO substitudes for this item .
 Sauce was just as I expected . Taste is excellent . It actually tastes like the duck sauce from the Chinese restaurants . The only problem is one of the jars was broken . Packaging seems to be a problem so be careful when you open box .
 I 'm from Philly and now live in Nebraska , so a lot of Asian food items now I buy online . I love the taste of Yi Pin Duck sauce in those little plastic packets that they give with Chinese takeout in Philly . I cook chinese at home now and pretty good at it ;-RRB- so I looked for duck sauce in jars and tried different brands ... This one is almost close to the taste , that 's why 4 stars . It 's great that it comes in these huge jars , and 4 of these would last a long time . Next time , though , I 'll buy Ty Ling brand , the jars are a lot smaller , but the taste is better . That brand has &#34; Sweet and Sour sauce &#34; -LRB- I tried it -RRB- , that tastes like duck sauce and they have &#34; Duck Sauce &#34; , I wonder how the second one tastes like . .
 This stuff is absolutely YUMMY !! Although one bottle arrived broken and made a sticky mess in the box , the other were in fine shape . This is the best duck sauce I 've found and will definitely get more when I need it .
 This product is a must for making stir-fry , with a little soy sauce . I 've had problems obtaining same at the supermarket where I first encountered it.Now Amazon is my reliable source , this is my 2nd time 4 unit purchase . I do n't keep a history of the sellers ... I just purchase a 4 unit pack so its probably not the same seller since it takes awhile for replenishing , but this time around one jar was broken on arrival , and I was refunded without a problem . It is as pictured . Store in pantry until ready to use , then once open , I refridgerate . It is securely screwed-on , first time jar opening for me reqires a jar opener and extra hands ! Right now I do not have a plan B if Amazon runs out of this wonderful sauce .
 living here in phoenix last 4 yrs , as a former new yorker , they do n't know what good food is.with that said , thank god amazon sell 's dai day duck sauce.only problem is they do n't pack it good enough.had them delivered broken in box
 this is a gret product i use it on chicken turkey and pork roasts also excellent with chinese food buy it a lot of bang for your buck
 I must admit I am only reviewing this because I thought this was `` Laxami 's Delights Sweet Spiced Roasted Pelicans '' at first !! I did not know they cooked and bagged pelicans!But roasted pecans are good . Protein and omega-3 ! I know I am like your fat aunt , but here are some benefits . `` Just a handful of pecans contains vitamin E , calcium , magnesium , potassium , zinc and fiber , as well as antioxidants . Antioxidants are substances found in foods that protect against cell damage and , studies have shown , can help fight diseases like heart disease , Alzheimer 's , Parkinson 's and cancer . ''
 We used to get Wise Dip Mix when we lived up north . Unfortunately , in Florida we could n't find a dip mix as good as this . I was so happy to find it on Amazon . I will continue to buy it .
 excellent product - have not been able to find in local grocery stores.Was excited to find on Amazon - bought extra to keep on hand - makes thebest onion dip - reminds me from when I was a child.Would recommend seller to friends and family . Would purchase from this seller again .
 I remember this stuff as a kid , I would put creamcheese on a cracker and shake a bit on ... it went missing for years and attempts to find it at any of my local stores came up empty . Till now . Tastes just as good as it did when I was 10 .
 I have been searching stores for this product after having used Wise Green Onion Dip mix for years ... have n't been able to find anywhere . When mixed with 8 oz . of sour cream it makes a great vegetable or chip dip . Would definitely recommend .
 I love green onions and used to buy the green onion dip every trip to the store ... Then I moved to the North East ... First Maine and it was a no go ! Now New York City and again I dare say where is my green onion dip ? :-LRB- This will have to do . It 's not bad so yay
 This is a very hard item to find . That is I think because it soooo good . I was very greatful to be able to find and purchase it . Service was prompt , while the shipping informtaion was a little vague , it was still a pleasant transaction .
 Pataks relishes and chutneys are great . Glad I can now find them easily . We shall continue to use these products .
 This mango pickle is an excellent burst of flavor for your flavourful dishes . A little goes a long way . It 's also great to eat as is if you like pickles . I have used this for years in stews and curries and never thought to eat it until I was convinced to try it and now it probably gets eaten as much as a tasty , tangy snack as it does in cooking . It is superior to any other mango relish or pickle I 've ever had . Like all the other Patak 's products it adds great taste to a meal.One of my favorites is as a primary seasoning for ground beef with or without caramelized onions , green onions , garlic and whatever vegetables you have on hand -LRB- usually green or red sweet peppers and tomatoes -RRB- . Anything from a half teaspoon to a pound of meat -LRB- minimum amount -RRB- increasing to taste . Experiment . Do n't overcook lean ground beef . Use Adobo or Badia complete seasoning to taste . note
 This is a great dip mix . It can be a bit hard to find in the local grocery stores .
 I love this mix , I could not find it on the Knorr website and was very happy to have found it on Amazon .
 For many years I made goulash from scratch . Even using my mother 's recipe , the result was often hit or miss . Then I found this mix and I can honestly say this is the best goulash I have tasted for years . Every time . I also save on the cost of ingredients . Apart from the beef , all I add is a little onion and sometimes mushrooms .
 We have used this product for over 20 years to rave reviews from all our friends . We use this as a late night snack served with light German rye bread before sending our guests out into the night . We modify the package recipe using beef stock instead of water . Gives it a much richer taste . If you run low , you can always stretch it by adding more beef broth . We also add a bit of sweet Hungarian paprika .
 I am half Hungarian and I cook a lot of goulash from scratch . This mix makes a perfect goulash without the extra work . Very , very good !!! Enjoy ! For paprikash just substitute beef with chicken , and when it 's cooked add sour cream . Yummy !!!
 At least for me , here in the sticks . I use this for a base for goulash and chicken paprikas , and it 's yummy !
 WOW . I 've been using this product for 3 years now and it ca n't be beat . I grew up in Germany & loved my gramma 's goulash . THIS product is just short of being just as great as my gramma 's . I use it with my crock pot , meat that 's on sale -LRB- it 's cheaper to cut that into cubes than buying the stew meat -RRB- and serve on noodles , rice or potatoes . My problem is that since Lipton took over the Knorr label this product is extremely hard to find - I ca n't find it in my town anywhere now . I was amazed that Amazon carries it - whew ! I 'll order a case :-RRB- -RRB- & also try the sauer braten mix .
 I had been looking for this product for years and finally found it . Thanks Amazon .
 I lived in Germany for several years and fell in love with the local gulasch soup . This is pretty damn close to the original . My husband 's friend is married to a german woman and even he raved about it . I 've been making this for years and my family loves it ... and super easy to make -LRB- I do add 1-2 TBS of caraway to it -RRB- . I think the person who gave it a bad rating must not have made it correctly ! ... it 's probably not the most healthy recipe , but once in a while it 's a nice treat .
 This is a great mix . Used it in a crock pot , and it 's wonderful to come home to a great meal !
 In my opinion , the best beef stew/goulash mix on the market . Very reasonably priced , and service through Amazon is great . I love it , my kids love it , etc. .
 Easy recipe on the package , just add 1 pound beef and an onion.I make a double batch and add a 12 oz can of sauerkraut -LRB- rinse and drain -RRB- , and serve with french bread . My family love it . Tasted just like I spent hours preparing this wonderful meal . Great comfort food on a cold and/or rainy evening , and plenty of leftover for the next day .
 I have used this for as long as i have been cooking , I also bring it back from Germany every time I go there to visit.I use it to make chicken paprikash and to make the best goulash ever .
 This product has authentic color and flavors . Yield can be increased by coating meat pieces with Cornelius and browning them slightly and adding a tablespoon of sour cream at the end . Can be excellent with chicken also .
 I fell in love with this product many years ago , but for some reason , the stores around here stopped carrying it . It was a huge relief to find it here . With a pressure cooker , a pound of beef tips and some cans of veggies , you can have a great stew in 30 minutes . Works without the pressure cooker also , but what 's the point ? Almost makes me look like I know what I 'm doing .
 We like sauce more than meat ; and thus , we usually make a double pkg with at most 1 pkg allowance of meat . Great served over broad egg noodles , rice or even whipped mashed potatoes . Flavor `` blooms '' with time ... make ahead and let simmer ... very much a `` German '' recipe .
 Knorr All Purpose Aromat Seasoning 3oz . / 85gThis seasoning can be found in just about every home in Switzerland and probably most other European homes but for some reason Americans do n't know about it . It is one of the most versatile seasonings ever and I cant imagine cooking without it . Its a MUST for veggies , pasta , eggs , soups , salads and sauces . I wish some importer would see the opportunity it this product and market it to the whole country .
 We were getting desperate ! During the 30 years since we left England to live in the States , we have been unable to purchase Aromat here , and have resorted to having friends bring suitcases full of it to us when coming to visit . Now that it is available online through Amazon , we are delighted . We use it in every single meal we cook - wonderful on BBQd steaks , in casseroles , all kinds of sauces , but our favorite is tomato salad - thick-sliced tomatoes , drizzled with a mix of garlic oil , -LRB- lots of crushed garlic with black pepper and aromat -RRB- and topped with grated Romano cheese . Delish !
 I always grew up with Aromat in my scrambled eggs , veggies and salad . My uncle always had to bring it back from Switzerland so I am glad that I can find it online !
 This spice is so hard to fined . It is perfect on almost everything . I forgot what salt and pepper are . If you have not tried this , you owe it to yourself .
 In answer to her inquiry , my Daughter got a response from Knorr informing her that the Knorr All Purpose Seasoning is being discontinued
 THIS WAS RECEIVED MARCH 09 , 2011 : Thank you for writing us regarding Knorr Aromat Seasoning.The product you have contacted us about has been discontinued . We are sorry that we do not have any remaining stock.Our company 's goal is to provide consumers with a variety of products to meet their needs and preferences . As you know , marketing is a complex function , and many business factors are taken into consideration before discontinuing a product . Before a product becomes available at the retail level , much time and expense is involved in perfecting the formulation , consumers focus testing , and marketing support . It truly saddens us when we must discontinue a product . However , consumer demand is a major factor.When the level of demand is insufficient to ensure that consumers receive high quality products at an affordable price , the product may be discontinued.We apologize that this product is no longer available and hope you will continue to enjoy our products.Thanks for your interest!Sincerely , Your friends at Knorr
 I ca n't live without Aromat . I 've grown up with it in Switzerland and was able to buy it at Safeway for years . They have discontinued however selling it and now I buy it in bulk online . Still the best all rounder on the market !
 If you 're an avid Knorr user and find that many grocery stores have discontinued carrying it , Amazon is the fastest , easiest place to find it ! Ships directly and costs under $ 3 per canister -LRB- in the 12 pack -RRB- . And if you 've never tried Knorr Seasoning , it 's a `` fix all '' for many recipes . Particularly delicious on Poultry and Vegetables !
 I 've used this product for years , when I can find it . The Aromat for Meat is even better . Both products provide great flavor to whatever it is sprinkled on . I use it on steamed vegetables and the Meat Aromat on fried porkchops , baked chicken and pot roast . I hate hunting it down so now that Amazon carries it , at a reasonable shipping price , I will order from here .
 The product is awesome , we use it all the time . The supermarket that used to carry it went out of buisness . I tried to get another supermarket order it for me , and they failed ... I thought why not get it on-line ... excellent price , very fast delivery , and now we are back to using a product my husband and I love to cook with . Will always buy on line from now on . We put a little on everything , BBQ , veggies , just a little and it makes flavors burst !
 Try it . Without it , everything tastes bland ! Great for use while making a braai -LRB- BBQ -RRB- .
 I 've been using this wonderful seasoning for at least 10 years , ever since a daughter introduced me to it . at that time I lived in Chicago and it was available at all the major grocery chains . I now live in San Antonio and have to make a special trip to a `` specialty store '' and was delighted to find it on-line at comparative pricing . I send it in care packages to two out-of-state daughters and use it -LRB- with the Meat Seasoning -RRB- as a small hostess gift for my Bunco Club . Oh , yes , it works wonderfully well on everything from scrambled eggs to stews , chicken , and just about anything you would season with salt .
 I have been using Aromat Seasoning for around 12 years after receiving it as a gift from a friend from Switzerland . Since I had to ask him to supply me when we ran low , I used it very sparingly . I searched it on the internet this morning and was thrilled to find it on Amazon . The price is also great . Now that I know I can order this from Amazon I am anxious to experiment with some of the ways the other reviewers have suggested . Thank you Amazon !
 I USE IT ON EVERYTHING ! Glad to be able to still get it . It is not available in my area of the United States ! I have even given it as a `` gift '' but , be sure that the person can eat MSG before you give or serve it to them .
 This is our favourite seasoning on pasta . The kids gobble it up which makes me happy . But I love it myself .
 We love this product to season vegetables and egg dishes . I use it as stocking stuffers for our family as it is not easy to find in a regular grocery store . Thanks for having it !
 I 've been using this product for many , many years . I love it . I put it in and on everything - beef , chicken , pork , salads . Anything that needs seasoning . Once you try it you will always use it .
 Like another reviewer , I was used to toting it back from Europe , because getting it locally is a hit-or-miss thing . Now , thanks to Amazon , I 'm in MSG heaven ! Yes , if you 're against MSG , then stay away . As for me , as I type I 'm having Bristol Farms egg salad , sprinkled with Aromat , with apple-cured bacon on the side . An Atkins pigout . Another is my dynamite guacamole , the secret of which is ground cumin and Aromat . Later , I 'll break the Atkins with a big bowl of white popcorn , popped in palm and sesame oil , tossed with a few dashes of Maggi and sprinkled with Aromat . Aromat is about taste and , as the name suggests , smell . It 's a guilty pleasure .
 Along with everyone else , may I say THANK YOU for carrying Aromat ! I was so shocked to find out Knorr was n't importing it anymore and it 's been a nightmare trying to find it at a reasonable price . I discovered it as a 17-year-old exchange student and have enjoyed it ever since -LRB- close to 40 years , gulp ! -RRB- .
 I have been using this product for years . It is wonderful to use in a lamb marinade or in pasta sauces . I also use it in salads and with tomatos and olive oil . I use it in everything . This seasoning is available everywhere in Europe . Your price is outstanding as usally it is much more . I buy the case and use it for stocking stuffers or for hostess gifts . Once one knows about it -- you can not get along without it , but it is very difficult to find .
 Excellent on salads , veggies , in soups , just about anything . Wonderfull compliment to your cooking . I would highly recommend this product to anyone who has trouble getting someone to eat their green beans . Just add lemon juice and this seasoning for a low cal zing to any green veggie . Delicious .
 Excellent for seasoning meat or chicken and for cooking in place of salt . i have used this product for sometime now it can also used as table salt .
 I first tried this seasoning when I went to visit my daughter in law in Germany and now I think it is my favorite seasoning for all the meats that I prepare I especially like it when I make a pot roast I dont use any other seasonings and my roast comes out perfect every time . I can truly say this is the best seasoning ever and you dont need to use any thing along with it because it has everything in it already .
 My favorite Green Pasta Salad was put on hold until I could find this product.I was so happy when I found it so I can once again make the best Pasta Salad in the world . I purchased a case when I found that you had it.Thanks so very much , I LOVE THIS PRODUCE Knorr 's Aroma Seasoning Contrainer
 This is the best seasoning for veggies and salad on eggs ... Use it everyday on practically everything ... addicted ... I carry a lil bottle with me so I can use at any time ...
 I was asked by a friend who does not have a computer or an Amazon account to find Aromat by Knorr . I found it here and ordered it for him . He says it is good stuff . I personally think it tastes like salty chicken soup . But my friend is happy and that is all that matters .
 If you are not opposed to consuming salt , try the Knorr 's Aromat Seasoning . I put this on everythings -- steamed and cooked vegetables , salads , and casseroles . The seasoning taste is unique and really adds to the flavor of whatever I am eating . It has helped me to eliminate sauces and butter by giving me the additional flavor that I was missing from the higher calorie alternatives . Highly recommended if you are not on a sodium-restricted diet program .
 Needed this as I was running out from my purchase last year . I have been using tis spice for years -LRB- when I can find it -RRB- and when I do n't have it , NOTHING can compare . I 've given a canister to two poeple and they both love it . This is the best thing since sliced bread . I encourage everyone to try it . Aside from the shipping faux pas -LRB- which was corrected expeditiously -RRB- , Amazon rocks because this was the only site I could find the spice . It goes up everytime I buy it but it 's well worth it .
 I have been using this product for years and believe it to be the best seasoning available.None of the others come close .
 I DISCOVERED AROMAT IN SWITZERLAND SEVERAL YEARS AGO . IT 'S AN EXCELLENT SEASONING , NICELY BALANCED , ENHANCES THE TASTE OF ANYTHING YOU SEASON , VEGETABLES , MEAT , OR SALAD . DIFFICULT TO FIND IN SUPERMARKETS . I COULD N'T BELIEVE IT WHEN I FOUND IT ON AMAZON ! GREAT COMPANY .
 I use Aromat for improving/enhancing the taste in some dishes . It is not easy to find but I found some here .
 Its a great food condiment and we use it like salt . Fantastic on veggies with butter . For those who know its a must on food !
 This is a great all-purpose seasoning . It 's wonderful on greenbeans that you sautee in garlic and then sprinkle with Aromat ! Oh so yummy ! This spice is hard to find !
 This is one of my favorite spices . Glad to see Amazon carry it , discontinued everywhere and not sure why as it is a great item . Everyone should try it on eggs , fish and chicken , on any food really .
 This unique seasoning has been a favorite of mine for years . For perfectly seasoned roasted chicken , rub the chicken skin with olive oil or softened butter . Tuck pats of butter under the chicken skin . Liberally sprinkle Knorr Aromat Seasoning over the entire chicken and roast it in your oven . Your friends will think you 're a gourmet ! Knorr Aromat adds wonderful flavor to vegetables , too .
 You can debit may account for the item purchased . This is in response to your e-mail . I did receive the productSandra Machann
 Adds a welcome and subtle flavor to anything it 's sprinkled on , especially veggies . It 's a good substitute for butter on mashed potatoes , too !
 I love to use this seasoning , especially on my almost daily popcorn ... can no longer find it in any stores , and was delighted to be able to get a whole case .
 My wife and I were introduced to Aromat by Swiss friends over 20 years ago . We are not allergic to MSG and it goes well on meats and vegetables . A great summer snack is a tomato open sandwich ... Sliced tomato on a good French or Italian bread , Mayo and Aromat .
 Knorr Aromat All Purpose Seasoning , 3-Ounce Canister -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB- simply the best seasoning , I use it on salads , meat , and just about anything that needs seasoning , Great value , it is much more expensive when I buy it at the import section at my grocery store . So I buy at Amazon and share with my sons . Love it and Amazon and I highly recommend both.Thanks
 could not make my german potato salad without it . use it on just about everything i cook . when i purchase a 12 pack my daughter and grandson come to take some home , it is not available in any stores around here . always grateful for amazon
 My Swiss friends introduced this product to me on a trip to their vacation home in Tahoe . They both grew up with Aromat as a seasoning for everything . On my night to cook for the group I liberally sprinkled it on the burgers before grilling and they were a HIT . My local grocery stores do n't carry it so I turned to Amazon.com . Now I use it on everything . Aromat adds an extra layer of flavor that enhances but does n't overpower . I use it just like salt .
 I have used and loved this product for years but not many stores carry it . If they do , it is expensive . I found Amazon 's offer very attrative , excellent price , excellent service and free shipping ! Thank you
 I spent a year in Switzerland and fell in love with this product . I even bought a lot and packed it for my return to the states . Once I ran out I was upset . So , now that Amazon has it available I am happy again.This is a season salt product . So if you are not a season salt fan this may not be for you . But keep in mind that it is a more refined flavor than the average season salt product available in the US . It has porcini mushrooms in it ... that should at least peak your interest.I use it in almost any savory dish . Sometimes instead of salt , but often as well as salt . It will not replace your pepper or garlic or other spices that you love . It is just a way to enhance the flavor of your food.I say try it . You might just like it . Look at all the people that have searched for this product for years and are now finally satisfied .
 I learned about this spice living in Germany . An excellent spice when you need to give that salad dressing or sauce that extra something !
 I was first introduced to this when my British friend was showing me how to make proper roast potatoes . She used this spice on hers and of course I have continued the tradition . I also add it to my fresh popped popcorn and on my homemade croutons . Another favorite is to use it on my grilled zuccini ! I can say with confidence that this product really ca n't dissapoint . It IS that good !!!
 If you 've ever wanted that `` missing ingredient '' this is it ! My family is addicted to this seasoning and when I 'm getting low on it I start going through withdrawal until I replenish . For salads and vegetables Aromat Seasoning is the ultimate seasoning . It is basically great on almost any dish and only a small amount is needed . It 's so hard to find in the stores though , so having found it on Amazon -LRB- actually my son found it -RRB- , has made stocking it so much easier now . We love this seasoning . P.S. My son is in the military and when he was deployed , I would send him goody/necessity boxes and would always throw in several canisters of this seasoning for a `` taste of home '' !!
 I have been using this seasoning for years and it is an excellent one . It goes well with everything from bloodymary 's to soups , vegetables , meats , and poultry . It could only be better if it did not contain MSG .
 I was so excited to see the Aromat for sale on line !! I used to be able to buy it in several local stores but have not found it recently . I have asked the stores to order it in the past but they ca n't get it any longer . I found it in a German bakery but they stopped carrying it also . A friend got me hooked on Aromat when she gave me some when she came back from Switzerland ... where it originated . Since it will expire before I could use 12 cans , I will share with my friends . I use the seasoning in potato salad , chicken salad & chicken stew . It is a little salty & just adds great flavor to these & other dishes . I will be heartbroken if you stop carrying it !! Please do n't !!
 You need this seasoning to be a great cook . its great in salad i use it to for meat eggs and just about everything
 I have been using Aromat for years . Rarely use salt anymore only aromat . It lower sodium and give all foods a great flavor .
 Very versatile product , enjoyed by multiple family members . Often difficult to find in grocery stores . Would highly recommend its use to others .
 I went to high school in Switzerland , and I learned to LOVE this stuff ! Catsup was way too expensive for us boarding school kids , so we tried what was available . CAN be hard to find in the States . Ca n't live without it ! -LRB- also love Knorr Maggi -RRB-
 I have been grown with the Aromat , I am from Switzerland and it is a staple there , like salt . if you read the label , you will see that salt is NOT the first ingredient . We use it for vegetable , pork and chicken .
 I 've found it difficult to find Aromat in the yellow can -LRB- or at all -RRB- since I moved `` up north '' from Virginia and I missed it terribly . It 's such a great seasoning just on a baked potato , cream sauces , soups , a chicken breast , or anything at all . I 'd relied on it for ages and had no idea it was at all hard to come by until I left the east coast . Now I stockpile .
 I have been using KNORR AROMAT SEASONING for many years.We used to buy it in Canada , but it has become difficult to find , so I was very please to find it on line at a very reasonable price.I use it in soups , scrambled eggs etc. .
 I have been using this product for over 40 years , that should speak for itself . A similar version exists in a red-orange container . I do n't know which I love more .
 This seasoning salt is a mainstay on Swiss dinner tables . My father , being from Lausanne , always brought it home from trips abroad . I 'm a woman in my 50s so we are talking a long time ago ! Finding it in the USA or even in DC , which has plenty of food shopping options , has been challenging , so I thought I 'd look for it on Amazon . Success ! Buying a pack of 12 will last me for years , even if I share it with my Swiss cousin , but I 'm tickled to not worry about finding this product again . Thank you !
 Having been raised with this seasoning , made in Switzerland , I have loved the unique and exciting flavor this product adds to any meat , vegetable or salad dressing . My whole family uses it now that they are on their own.I have introduced my friends to it , when I have them over for dinner and they ask what the misterious , tasty flavor is that enhances the meal I fixed . They love it!The seasoning is made of special herbs.A word of causion , make sure you buy the Knorr Aromat Seasoning that says product of Switzerland , I have found , that many others advertized are knock-offs .
 Aromat is like no other seasoning . I give out my recipes to others and invariably they will say , `` This just does n't taste like yours ! '' It 's the Aromat !! You can tell when it is missing in a food item . I use it for sauces , for dressings , for meat , for vegetables , for salads , anything that uses salt . It seasons without adding too much of a salty taste.I have used Aromat for years and one 3-oz container just empties too fast . I tried to find the restaurant size - and I did . You can purchase the big 2 # can at Euro-Pacific Imports in OKC , OK .
 Aromat is the classic Swiss seasoning salt , often found as a condiment on restaurant tables on Switzerland . It 's great on vegetables , and particularly good on sliced ripe tomatos .
 I became familiar with this product when I lived in Switzerland . I use it primarily when making vinegarette salad dressing , but it is also wonderful for white sauce-based dishes , and any vegetable in place of salt .
 My friend , Sylvia , has used this product for years and suddenly , like everything else , she was unable to find it anymore ... She asked me if I could find it - `` SURE '' I said , I 'll go on line for you ... zip zip , 8 minutes later we found it , ordered it and it arrived only days later!She gave me one to try - it 's a nice little addition to rice or chicken ... If you 're sensitive to msg , however , do n't use it.Thanks again !
 How long have we waited for our beloved and aaah so missed Knorr Aromat to be available in an easy way as on Amazon ? Congrats , now we finally do n't have to write E-mails to importers , beg store managers to put it on their shelves etc. . GREAT ! FANTASTIC ! Thank you Amazon , very , very much
 I have used Aromat since I met my mother in law some 40 years ago . I always used it in England and used to be able to buy it in the stores here . However I do not seem to be able to find it here now , so I purchased it on line . Thank you for stocking my favorite seasoning .
 Of all the seasonings I have ever cooked with , this is by far the greatest . It is wonderful on vegetables of all types , but adds flavor to soups , rice , pastas , and sauces . We even use it on meat , lamb and chicken !
 We love this dill dip . It 's a very healthy alternative to the ranch-flavored dips that contain large amounts of MSG . We make it with yogurt to cut the fat from the sour cream version , and no one at our parties can tell that it was made with yogurt . Fancy enough to serve to adults at any party , yet kids love it too . We highly recommend this Knorr Garden Dill Dip and hope that Amazon restocks it soon .
 All of the Knorr dip mixes , from Garden dill to the Cracked pepper ranch , are excellent , and very hard to find . I also hope that Amazon stocks them soon .
 They are cracker puffs.Much smaller , thin-walled , non-sweetened versions of beignets.They are not a puffed up saltine.What they are good for : a. if you have been ill and need something/anything that you can put on your stomach that will not make you throw it back up , these are a gentle food.b . floating on soup -LRB- not too long or they get really soggy -RRB- c. snack in the evening
 All I can say is that Manischewitz should sell this product all year round . . I would buy a dozen boxes each time I go food shopping . . we just love them even as a snack . . especially my grandchildren !!! please can someone tell me where I can get some of these now . . I am also a Diabetic and these are great snacks for me too ... thanks so much . Linda S.
 This is a delightfully fresh cheese spread ; great on anything from crackers to veggies . No stale overprocessed plastic-y taste of supermarket cheese spreads . It is shipped chilled , so it is really fresh . Plan to enjoy it in the first day or two after opening .
 We use this product all the time when visiting the Monterey Peninsula , where many of the restaurants put it on the tables , because it is semi-local . My kids and I love it . The original is our favorite . They insisted I order more . We 'll add it to cheeese sauce , eat it with eggs , potatoes , substitute anywhere you 'd use salsa , like in burritos . Yum !
 Interestingly , this product seems to be discontinued by Knorr ... so what you find , is what is left . And , it 's getting harder and harder to find . This is `` THE '' seasoning if you are even THINKING about `` Prime Rib '' -LRB- Standing Rib Roast -RRB- other than a little extra salt . Use generously and bake . Prime Rib to challange ANY ! Other than `` Dried Green Peppercorns '' , I 've never found any spice that could accomplish what `` Aromat '' can for full , rich flavor.UPDATE
 This is my favorite meat seasoning . I use it with most any beef dish , from simple steaks to casseroles using ground beef , beef stew , hamburger patties , even chili . It seems to intensify rather than detract from the meat taste . It has a little curry in it , which adds richness to the flavor . I use it in sauteed mushrooms , especially when I 'm using them as a side dish with beef . Local stores used to carry it , but I have n't been able to find it for several years . My package of 12 allows me to give several canisters to friends . I usually use pure spices ; this is one of only two commercial `` combined spice '' seasonings that I use with any frequency .
 We use this on all kinds of dishes ; both meats and veggies . Sometimes hours ahead of cooking and sometimes just prior to cooking .
 This seasoning I used in Germany first . I was so happy to see that I can buy it here in the US . It is best seasoning out there . It goes on everything !!! Just fantastic !!
 I have to say that the Knorr Aromat for Meat is just wonderful . I use it on all types of meating including beef , fish and poultry . It blends the perfect spices together and makes for quick preparation of food . It 's always a hit . If you are wondering about ordering 12 can s at once , it is no big deal . You will find that you will use it on many dishes and once friends and relatives taste it , you 'll be sharing cans with friends .
 This is the best seasoning for steaks or burgers . You wo n't notice a particular assertive flavor -- just that the meat tastes better.For those few that are allergic to MSG , it 's a major ingredient in this product and the major reason for the flavor improvement . It 's getting hard to find pure MSG , -LRB- other than at Asian food markets -RRB- , so this is a good but expensive substitute .
 This stuff is great on meat . My kids love it . It 's also great on french fries .
 This is the best seasoning EVER !!! My dad is from Switzerland where Knorr comes from and so it 's been in my life since I can remember . I can not find it in any grocery stores anywhere anymore , and I can not live without it !! It makes the best steaks , burgers , chicken , veggies and potatoes . I even put it on fish , it goes well on everything !! My husband never wants to go out to eat because he says it wo n't be as good as mine , he also says if I stop cooking with it he may leave me . Highly recommend this product to EVERYONE !!!
 This is the best , all-round seasoning for meat - any kind . Hard to find and hard to beat for flavor , flavor and more flavor . Great for chicken , roasts , burgers , pork , etc. . . Worth looking for !
 A nice plain water biscuit ... best thing . . well packaged as all crackers are whole and crisp . . not a bunch of crumbs after shipping . Good value . See them for 1.50 more in a wine and cheese shop .
 My sister loved unpacking the box . She really liked all the skin and body treatments and her 90 + year old Mom is lovig the cookies .
 I bought this for my mom 's birthday ! She loved it !!! Said she used every part of it and it was all excellent taste and quality . Would purchase again .
 I got this basket as a mothers day gift . It arrived on time and intact . My mother loved the contents and the overall design . It is very girly but with a touch of sophistication . For the money a very good gift for that special lady in your life .
 A friend got me to try this dip . I was n't too wild on the idea of onions and horseradish but it turns out this dip is highly addictive . It 's extremely tasty and makes anything taste better . I am , however , a bit surprised at the price here ; Robert Rothschild has a website and the price is considerably lower . This is my favorite dip .
 This is the best dip I have ever tasted ! I discovered it on a trip to Palmdale , CA at a winery . I had a free sample and loved it ! I came home and went to a cooking store who were charging twice as much as purchasing the item on-line with Amazon . It is great on veggies and fish . Try it , you will love it !
 This tea has a nice flavor although I wish it was a little stronger . I have brewed way it states and even tried letting it sit longer to get a stronger cup but it did n't work . Am pleased with purchase and flavor overall .
 **** Stash 's Wild Raspberry Caffeine Free Herbal Tea is strong and fruity , great if you love the taste of raspberry and hibiscus , which I do . It contains hibiscus , orange peel , lemongrass , rosehips , natural raspberry flavor , licorice powder , and citric acid . The package says it also contains soy , but that makes little sense to me . It is a fine tasting herb tea.If you like a more subtle tea , you may not be crazy about Wild Raspberry . But if you like Celestial Seasonings and other commercial teas , I think that this is a good one . The reason I gave this tea four stars instead of five is that it is n't as pure as it could be -LRB- contains additives and flavorings -RRB- and I can tell . I prefer a more subtle tea . And I save five stars for the very best teas I 've tried . But for those of you who like a lot of flavor , and ca n't taste the additives , it 's just fine!Recommended . ****
 Gave these out as X-mas presents for the ladies I work with ... who all drink tea ! This tea is soooooooo good ! I bought an extra box for myself !
 I was 19 when I happened to run across this tea in the grocery store . That was way back in the early 90s . This has been my favorite tea ever since . I recently rediscovered here on Amazon it after not being able to find it in stores over the past decade . Boy , what a delicious reunion . I recommend this product .
 Wanted to try a new tea , so selected Cinnamon Vanilla . It is good , though will have to get used to the flavor .
 ***** Stash 's Licorice Spice Caffeine Free Herbal Tea has a the sweet flavor licorice teas are known for , along with several nice spices that complement the licorice in a lovely , more-subtle-than-chai way . Licorice Spice Tea contains licorice root , cinnamon , orange peel , star anise , sarsaparilla , natural vanilla flavor , natural orange flavor , natural clove flavor , natural cardamom flavor , and natural cinnamon flavor . Sweet and delicious!You do n't need to add anything at all to Licorice Spice Tea , even if you normally like your tea sweetened . It is perfect just as is . It also has a very smooth taste , despite all of the flavorings . The tea bags come stamped with an expiration date , which I like , so that you can be sure the tea is fresh . The date on mine is 26 months away , so you can take your time : -RRB- Definitely recommended . *****
 This sauce is delicious ! I love hot sauce , and I do n't find this to be particularly hot , but it tastes so good ! I like it on egg rolls .
 Really yummy . I use it on taquitos . For those who do n't like it hot , just use a little . I load it on like frosting .
 I am a diabetic and can not use aspertane - when I found this product I could not beleive that it tastes just like sugar and can be used in all cooking . Unfortunately , Sams clus lists the 1000 pack for 17.99 vs the 35.99 here !!!
 Thought I was receiving a boxed case of splenda packets . Instead I received a plastic bag of the 1000 packets . I guess if I was running a deli or restaurant would n't care . Item is bulk splenda & not boxed case that you would find at Costco or BJ 's . But , has worked out just not what I was expecting .
 Product was in perfect shape and received timely.Some packages appear less full than others but that may be a factory problem and would still order this product again from this company
 Like i said above , its Splenda . I if you like Splenda you will like this . I personally think its the best no calorie sweetener out there .
 the cost for the amount is superb . i typically use 3 packs a morning . so with this one box , i have my whole year 's supply of spleda with one box delivered to my door in 2 days !
 I am Type 2 and must have semi-sweet coffee or tea in the A.M. Also great on cereal , or oatmeal .
 Very fast delivery , love the large quanity at a great price !
 I live here in Venezuela and this product is extremely expensive and very difficult to get it in stores . I am so pleased to have purchased this sweetener .
 for the price of this product I save around 5 dollars compared to the prices in the store . By buying this items I do n't need to restock as often as I used to .
 Package arrived nicely . Box was not damaged at all and came as described . Splenda was not spoiled and all the packages were sealed . Got the big package for my grandparents and uncle since they rely on Splenda 24/7 . Elder grandparents can tear packages open easily . Personally , Splenda leaves an after taste . It also is initially sweet but than the sweet level drops after the third bite .
 The product is fine . Whoever decided that a random number of words were necessary before a comment could be submitted ... is not a people person . The first four words of my comments were all I really wanted to say !
 Great value . Love not having to go to the store to purchase these anymore . Always on hand when I need them .
 had to purchase a large quantity but it has a very long shelf life and saves me lots of $ $ $
 Excellent product . Some family members are controlled diabetic and need the product to sweeten desserts , coffees , fruits , juices , among others . This was using the normal sugar and glucose measurement was above the normal parameters .
 Preferred sweetener for us . Saving calories , plus easy to use . We have made this purchase many times , so this is a repeat .
 After using this product , I was asked to write a review , so here it is . This product is Marvelous and Splenda ! Amazon has done it again !
 Tastes sweet ! Not phoney . Then I will add more words to make this a twenty word review as required here .
 Splenda - everyone knows about this . Great for people with diabetes . Love the product . Use for everything & never buy sugar anymore . No calories , great taste , what more could you possibly ask for . No dangerous ingredients either . Great product .
 since moving to the middle of nowhere and not having a cosco nearby , I was not going to pay the high price at the store for such a small amount of splenda . was glad to find that I could get such a great deal on amazon . it makes my day when I can find items I need at a great cost .
 I always like splenda , I 'd never bought this product on the web , but I can say that it 's a good service and nice product to order online with AMAZON ! .100 % guarantee of good products and two thumps up for delivery service .
 The price for Splenda has been going up and this was the best deal I could find at the time . I looked again now and I am finding better deals but it might change again . All in all if you like this product look around the site and find the best price . If you have n't used this product before I would find a smaller quantity to try first .
 I decided to stop using sweet n ' low for obvious reasons . I hated the cost of buying the boxes of Splenda in my locale grocery , as it was so expensive . When I googled Splenda and found this I was elated and ordered it right away . I will order a second for my home upstate shortly , as I certainly can not transport this box in an efficient manner and I need it in my City location .
 Briefly : - taste is VERY close to sugar 's - no aftertaste - no known adverse side effects - one packet is the equivalent of two teaspoons of sugar - zero caloriesI could not use any of the not-to-be-named pre-Splenda sweeteners . I simply could not tolerate their taste AND the after-taste . I 've been a Splenda user ever since it became available because ... well ... the taste is VERY close to sugar 's own and , as far as I know , there are NO side effects.My understanding of the Splenda technology is that the process starts with what is supposed to be a ` sugar ' molecule and then ONE atom is replaced with another which makes it impossible to digest so it simply passes through your digestive tract . You get zero calories , good taste and no side effects.So ... what 's not to like ? The price ? That 's were the wisdom of buying these large but not too heavy Splenda boxes comes from . Buy the larger boxes and save :-RRB- . I NEVER put anything sweet into my tea or my coffee - a habit I probably developed during those dark , sad , pre-Splenda days - but , when it comes to Cappuccino ... it 's a different story . I am reaching for the little yellow packets . A box of these lasts me for a long , long time .
 I could not use any of the not-to-be-named pre-Splenda sweeteners . I simply could not tolerate their taste AND the after-taste . I 've been a Splenda user ever since it became available because ... well ... the taste is VERY close to sugar 's own and , as far as I know , there are NO side effects.My understanding of the Splenda technology is that the process starts with what is supposed to be a ` sugar ' molecule and then ONE atom is replaced with another which makes it impossible to digest so it simply passes through your digestive tract . You get zero calories , good taste and no side effects.So ... what 's not to like ? The price ? That 's were the wisdom of buying these large but not too heavy Splenda boxes comes from . Buy in bulk and save : -RRB- I NEVER put anything sweet into my tea or my coffee - a habit I probably developed during those dark , sad , pre-Splenda days - but , when it comes to Cappuccino ... it 's a different story . I am reaching for the little yellow packets . A box of these lasts me for a long , long time .
 I once sampled some of these candies at a wedding party . They are , without a doubt , a delicious taste treat ! If you can find them , buy a bag and put them out at your next special event . Then watch as they disappear as fast as the first person tries them and speads the word . They will be gone in a blink - that is how good these candies are . They are expensive , so you 'll only want to use them for special occassions . If you have any left over , make sure you find a really good hiding place for them!kone
 THIS FORMULA REALLY WORKS . ONLY PROBLEM THAT I COULD N'T GET INFORMATION HOW MUCH IRON BABY GETS WITH EACH FEEDING . AND IS THERE ANY IRON INCLUDED ? I MIXED IT WITH RICE CEREAL AND IT WORKS EVEN BETTER . IT IS PRICY , BUT SLEEPLESS NIGHTS WHEN BABY CA N'T DIGEST MILK ARE WORTH .
 This is my husband 's account ... My baby loves this stuff ! She has stopped wanting the breast all together because she correlates it with her belly hurting . She 's so smart ! Cause I know this corn water CA N'T taste better than breast milk ! Smells totally gross!But without any lactose it is easier on my baby 's belly than breast milk.The main ingredient is corn syrup solids and it DOES contain some soy , both highly dissapointed me when I received the product , but when my baby got full easier , ate slower and fell asleep right away I had a change of heart.She is still colicky , but not as bad and we have n't cut the breast milk out yet , so we will see how much better she gets after that . She is getting happier and more content already with only eating 4 ounces of breast milk , and all other feeding Neocate , today . I feel TERRIBLE giving up breastfeeding , but if synthetic food makes her feel better than that is what we 'll do for her . i am worried about her gut flora being properly propagated , but I will have to do some research to see if I can do anything to help that . Will update later...-Jaek 's Wife : -RRB-
 My daughter was allergic to milk and soy -LRB- so we thought -RRB- . We experimented with other formulas , but this is the only one she would take . It smells gross , but all formulas do more or less . She was very content with Neocate . Its expensive as heck though !
 As of late , I have become quite interested in all things New York . When I found these New York Style Pita Chips in my delightful little one-stop pharmacy , I bought one of each
 Found this on a vacation trip and love them . Can not find anywhere locally , so glad they are available here . Good ... and I believe much better than the Stacy 's brand .
 I have ordered this product from you twice because I have trouble getting them from the store . I really do like them . Unfortunately for me they are very addicting . I hope that you will carry them in the future .
 This chip is very crispy , fresh , low in sugar and calories and tastes great . At a local food chain it sells for $ 2.99 per bag in the Deli . On Amazon I bought 24 bags , got free shipping , at an average cost of about $ 1.50 a bag . Time to make another order !
 What can I say . My last order was for three cases . My wife can not live without them . I love them too . You will have garlic breath for sure but who cares , right ?
 OMG . These chips are the best.Love it , love it , love it . If you love garlic , you 'll be hooked .
 Like all the New York Style products ... this one is delicious ! And when they say it 's GARLIC ... they mean it ! Wheww ... thank goodness I love the taste of garlic because these are really scrumptiously garlic flavored . These are a thick , slightly hard little chip which makes them great for dips . My whole family just eats them right out of the bag for a snack . What else is there to say ? These are GREAT ! And low fat with no trans fats . I highly recommend them to anyone who likes garlic !
 I like the sweetness better than the `` Spicy Mediterranean '' . Amazed at the variance of crunch in each bite from tooth shattering that can be heard in the next room to air filled and light that nearly melts in your mouth , I prefer a lighter crunch with a little more consistency but the flavor is craveable .
 I 'm a young adult staying in shape , going to the gym , and eating healthy . I do n't stop myself from having a big spoon a day of Simon Fischer 's Lekvar Prune Butter , replacing all the tempted junk food around the house or the isles at your local convenient store . It actually replaces my Dark Chocolate addiction too . Prune Butter is used for many snacks , but I like it just the way it is . And its not only for Grandma 's and Grandpa 's !!
 If you 've never had these Bagel Crisps before they are about the size of a large potato chip but much thicker and made from bagels . They are crunchy and taste like garlic and salt . Compared to the Ranch Wheat thins -LRB- 15 crackers a serving -RRB- I usually snack on , the serving of Bagel Crisps -LRB- 6 crisps -RRB- has 10 less calories but fills me up the same . However , there is a lot more sodium in the crisps , 320mg vs. 190mg in the Wheat Thins.The package of 12 arrived quickly , well packaged , and fresh . My particular order which was placed in mid July has an expiration date of May 2011 . Plenty of time to eat all 12 packages without feeling rushed!All in all ... for a moderately healthy crunchy snack you ca n't go wrong .
 I love these to take on trips and to use in chex mix . Awesome price compared to the store price .
 After ignoring these in the supermarket for some time , I was introduced to them at my new job where everyone kept scarfing them down . Being a garlic lover , I just had to try one . I 'm hooked . They are light , airy , and so full of flavor . They do get your hands a bit greasy reminding you that they are n't a fat free light food . I 'm not into potato chips , so I searched my supermarket for the garlic flavor to no avail . How delightful I can order them from Amazon!I gave the review 4 stars because sometimes the bag is full of broken pieces instead of full bagel chips . As another reviewer said , a resealable bag would add to the product . However , maybe the creators know how quickly they will be devoured ... : -RRB-
 These are very good . I like to put a little piece of swiss cheese on top of a few crisps and pop them in the microwave for a few secs
 VEERY GOOD WHEN PACKAGED PROPERLY . EVERY TIME I 'VE ORDERED THEM THEY EITHER HAVE ARRIVED WITH A LARGE HOLE IN THE BOX OR SPILLING OUT OF THE HOLE . I WOULD LABEL `` FOOD PRODUCT & FRAGILE '' IN BIGGGG LETTERS !! USE ONLY MY NICKNAME PLEASE .
 These are very light and crisp.They had a lot more caraway seeds than I usually find in `` everything '' bagels.They tasted more like a dark rye than white.I 'm used to a stronger garlic and onion flavor -- so I 'll order a different flavor next time.Good product . Fast shipping .
 THE ABOVE ITEMS WERE DELIVERED ON TIME , AND WERE BEYOND EXPECTATION.THE ITEMS WERE FRESH , AND TASTED GOOD , AND WERE ENJOYED BY ALL . MANY THANKS .
 These tasty bagel snacks are perfect for snack time.They taste delicious and have good healthy ingrediants . A little more salty than I would use , BUT STILL NICE.I recommend there knowing you 'll fall in love with these delicious , crispy snacks .
 My family really enjoys this product . Flavor means fewer crisps satisfy , so my order lasted longer than some snack purchases .
 I ordered a case to make chex mix for the holidays and they were perfect , arrived on time , and tasted great .
 I had been buying these in the grocery store and found the price on Amazon to be a distinct discount . These are too easy to eat non-stop , so I try to limit myself . My only complaint is that the amount of cinnamon/sugar coating on the bagel crisps can vary significantly between bags .
 They tasted great , A lot of them were broken , but that did not diminish the flavor one bit .
 These have always been one of my favorite snacks . Probably not very good for you but as with anything they are fine if taken in moderation ! Not much else to say about them , it 's bagle chips with cinnamon on top !
 These bagel crisps are great . They provide a slightly salty crunchy snack perfect for in-between classes or a short break on the job . Everyone I 've shared them with loves them too . Nutritionally , they 're ok
 This product is fantastic with any kind of dips or cheese . I had ordered this product because my local supermarket was n't restocking .
 We love these crisps . They are akin to a cracker as opposed to a potato chip . As such , we use them in soup now all of the time and they are so much better than soup crackers . We also use them with cheese and as the legend on the package tells you , the sellers developed them for their then cheese store . However , these crisps became so popular that they left the cheese business for this instead . These are actual New York bagels , sliced and put back into their ovens to become crisps . I buy a big bag of these at Sam 's Club locally . I 've also tried Stacy 's chips but like these better .
 Excellent ! Unusual and very crispy ! Can be messy with lots of crumbs , but well worth it . Have a sweet taste as well as cinnamon , but the raisin is hard to find ! A healthy snack that even my cat likes !
 I 'm a big fan of the Aloha Island Gold Kona so I decided I should try the Diamond & Platinum this time . . so glad I did . The Diamond is a coffee unlike any I have ever had before . The flavor profile is earthy , woodsy and smoky , very complex and dense and rich while being extremely smooth and without any bitterness to it at all . The ulitmate for a true coffee lover . The platinum is wonderful too ... It 's a more delicate coffee but still with the rich smoothness that I have come to expect from this producer . I must try their espresso next ... The presentation of the Diamond in the black silk bag is extraordinary as well . I have sent these to my clients for the holidays this year .
 i ordered this for xmas for a friend . It showed up in about eight days . I was impressed that it came in the box with wrapping tissue and all , but the coffee bags are smaller then I expected . In the photo they look about the size of your average coffee bag , but they are gift bag size . THye are about six inches long and two and one half inches wide . Little less then I would want , but never the less , good size for a sampler pack . I do wish that they would give a size description so that you knew what you were getting . Other then that , I love the product and it will be great for xmas .
 Any coffee lover will adore this . Wonderfull aroma with great flavor fully satisfied , the only problem I have had is my dad keeps coming over to my house to try and steal some ! I am buying him his own for christmas this year .
 My mom absolutly loves her coffee , but never treats herself to exotic blends . I bought this for her for mothers day and it was a HUGE hit ! The coffee was fabulous and the truffles to die for ! I was very happy with this purchase !
 I sent this to my mother for Christmas and not only did it arrive quickly , it was packaged very nicely and I was told the coffee was fantastic !
 We bought this coffee for our mother in law who loves coffee and she truly enjoyed it . Love the whole sampling idea !
 we havent tried the coffee yet or the tea but the packaging was attractive . I thought that it would have been a little larger but for the price it was a good value
 I bought this as a gift . The receiver served it for her guests and liked it so much she bought more on her own . Her said it was fun to try out the different kinds of coffee .
 I love these little mints , they are great to keep a pack with you and not have to worry if a place has decent creamer for your coffee or not . Great taste , best part is they are fat free and sugar free !
 I sampled this cake as offered from Biscoff 1 month ago and fell in love . It is extremely moist and is most delicious when sliced thin to accompany a cup of coffee . The ingredients are perfectly blended as no one taste is overpowering , but you are able to taste each individual ingredient . If you are looking for a great coffee or tea accompaniment , please give this cake a try !
 This is the moistest , most delicious cake in the world . if you like almond tarts , marzipan , that kind of taste , you will be in love with this cake . Normally I think packaged cake is awful , by the way . This one is amazing .
 I purchased this cake at a local store , Big Lots , for $ 3 . I went back for more and they were gone . I had the Amaretto and is very balanced in the almond flavor.This is quite expensive in Amazon . But that aside if you are willing to spend the $ 15 then buy it is quite good and fit to take to a Christmas party as a gift .
 These crackers are a wonderful compliment to wine and cheese . Subtle flavor enhances , does n't overpower , the main course . I also love them if I 'm not feeling well and need something subtle but filling to soothe my stomach . Unbeatable price here .
 I love Bremner wafers . I could n't find them in any local grocery stores , but Amazon came through once again . I 'll be eating Bremners for a long time since this was a box of 12 boxes .
 Perfect with Salami ! If you want an unobtrusive cracker , this would be it . A good compliment without overwhelming the taste of what you chose to put on it .
 Order always come VERY quickly . The price is better than grocery store offerings . The crackers are delicate and good with wine , and `` soft '' cheeses . They are fragile , and can easily break , but very good .
 We have a hard time finding these in local stores . We found the expiration date was much farther out when purchased online .
 Used to get the Bremner Wafers where I lived before and found they are not available here . Was thrilled to find them on Amazon - good price and excellent shipping .
 These are THE BEST tea bags I have EVER had . And , I have tried a lot of tea ! My mother was from England , and , so tea was always very important around our house . And it HAD to be THE BEST . I ordered this tea , and COULD NOT BELIEVE how good it is ! It is expensive , but it IS worth every penny .
 It is one of the greatest tasting teas from a bag or loose leaf that my husband and I have tasted in all the years we 've been alive . My husband discovered it on a trip to Ireland and has n't changed his brand since . We rate this tea with all five stars ...
 PG Tips was my old brand . I drank it for 15 years . Since trying Barry 's tea I have switched FOREVER . Very smooth and drinkable . Better than Tips .
 Do not make the mistake of ordering any other type of tea . This is by far the best tea on this earth . It will blow away any other tea brand that you could buy in the supermarket . My wife and I are from the Northeast , and are lucky to live with a high population of Irish tea drinkers , so our supermarket stocks this product . We can purchase Barry 's when we need it . If , on occasion , they are out of stock I will order this product on line . If you are not fortunate enough to have a store close by , do not hesitate to purchase this product . It is smooth , delicious , and you will want to squeeze every last drop from the bag . Awesome!PS Great iced tea too .
 Barrys tea from Ireland is excellent . My husband got me hooked on it . It 's full of flavor and yummy with a little milk and sugar .
 Barry 's Gold Blend was always served in our family 's old farmhouse in Carracastle , County Mayo ; my grandmother and great-aunts -LRB- RIP -RRB- continued the tradition when they came to NYC a hundred years ago . I started buying Gold Blend through Amazon when I could no longer find it in groceries or specialty stores ; thus , I found Barry 's Breakfast Tea . It is so delicious that I can close my eyes and just about smell the fragrance of peat smoke I recall so well from my many visits to the homeplace.I just tried to order it via Amazon and found , much to my distress , that it is not available currently and may not be in future . I will keep searching for Barry 's Breakfast , as we call it in my house , and pray that Barry 's continues to manufacture it.If you love tea , try Barry 's Breakfast before it goes out of existence .
 The tea was delivered in a well packaged and timely fashion . Unfirtunately the shipping costs double the price of an already expensive tea and really make the total cost prohibitive -- might be better if you buy several but it really makes an exceptionally flavorful cup of good British tea !
 I ordered this tea after my sister-in-law told me how good it was . I like a strong cup of tea and this fits the bill . I usually leave the bad in the whole time I drink tea but do n't have to with this . I have stopped drinking any other brand . I was worried at first as I was n't sure how soon to order my new box . But that is something that you do n't have to worry about . I could n't believe the shipping time . Now I wait until I 'm down to the last 10 bags . Never had to contact the company due to their service but would expect that it would great .
 I 'm not going to argue with those who say this is an outstanding tea . I myself personally reserve that distintion for loose leaf teas.Barrys Irish Breakfast is an excellant satisfiying tea for everyday drinking . I have been averaging 4 to 6 cups a day since I got it . If it were the only tea I could ever get again , I would be more than happy to drink it . But I think I will order the gold blend next time , as I think the stronger flavor , would be even better .
 I currently have 11 brands/types of Irish Breakfast Tea , and when I have trouble making up my mind , I nearly invariably reach for the Barry 's . And I never am disappointed , either . I like mine best with organic agave syrup and Meyenburg evaporated goat milk ! The goat milk is sweet and thick , with just a dab of saltiness that does right by IBTs . Time for a cup now !
 I had this tea while visiting Ireland this summer . The tea is robust and I liked it so much I brought some home . I used it up and still wanted more so I found I could order it via amazon . It 's a wonderful tea .
 Great tea for the price and for a non loose leaf . Wish the bags had a string so it would be easier .
 By far the smoothest and most drinkable tea . Great price , fast shipping . If you like tea , but like a very rich and smoothe taste , get Barry 's . My husband grew up drinking Barrys in Ireland , and we would n't serve anything else in our home .
 I was introduced to Barry 's Teas while in Ireland and brought back two boxes ! When that was gone , I found it at Amazon.com and ordered two more boxes . It 's very , very good tea and I recommend to all tea lovers .
 Usually excellent tea BUT , you may be better off buying locally . My tea arrived a little on the stale side . You may have better luck than me , however . Satisfaction is guaranteed here so I give it five stars .
 Barry 's Irish Breakfast Tea is one of my go-to products when I 'm looking for a strong fix or attempting to introduce my friends to tea culture.In Appalachia , I 've never encountered Barry 's in any of our larger chain stores . After trying locally available brands of breakfast tea -LRB- Twining 's , PG , and Tetley -RRB- and reading up on what other drinkers prefer , the reviews for Barry 's stuck out as a solid Irish favorite -- bold and earthy . At the time of this review , the price is fair when compared to widespread names like Lipton after you account for the quantity given . It 's not unusual to pay around four dollars for a twenty-bag pack of an established product , so I do n't have much guilt about coughing up the twelvish dollars to cover everything including shipping when I crave this stuff . The bite of Barry 's tea is noticeably stronger than the stalwart brands present in the States , in my opinion.Are you new to tea ? Maybe an enthusiastic coffee person looking to branch out ? In that case , breakfast teas , and Irish blends in particular , are soon to become your friends . Their higher caffeine content and rich taste make the transition shamelessly easy . To prepare a nice serving , simply fill up your favorite mug with cold water according to how much tea you 'd like to enjoy , throw that water in a pot , and leave it on high heat until the water just goes beyond a simmer , or begins to bubble gently -LRB- around 200 degrees F -RRB- . In the meantime , dress your mug with one tea bag per eightish ounces of liquid , then add your choices of sweetener -LRB- sugar , honey -RRB- and/or flavoring -LRB- mint , vanilla , Chai spice -RRB- . Pour the water over the bag -LRB- s -RRB- as soon as it reaches the boiling point and allow the tea to steep for four to five minutes for a strong cup . Again , Barry 's has a pleasantly robust bitter/deep flavor that coffee drinkers will welcome . Moreso , it 's common in all tea-drinking parts of the world to cut your coffee with milk or cream ; a delicious addition that also makes the brew more comforting to the stomach.Just right in winter or with a hearty breakfast , Barry 's wo n't disappoint if you like a traditional yet potent tea .
 I am a self proclaimed `` Tea Snob . '' I am picky about the teas that I drink . I LOVE this tea ! It is robust and has the perfect flavor for an Irish Breakfast Tea !
 I love the Irish Breakfast blend of black tea , and rely upon it to start off the day properly . Therefore , I 'm delighted to recommend highly Barry 's Irish Breakfast tea to those who share my predilliction .
 love Irish breakfast tea , wonderful full flavored tea . if you like a strong tea this is the one for you , and it 's even better with milk and sugar .
 I was actually devastated when the only local store carrying Barry 's closed down ! The tea is one of the best I 'd ever had . It has a bouquet that adds to the flavor . I recommend it to anyone who is a tea drinker to add this to their stock .
 Barry 's Irish Breakfast tea is the real deal - the advantage here to me was being able to get it at all - it 's become hard to find in stores . I 'd love to get a price deal on this product . Would also like to have Bewley 's Irish Breakfast tea readily available .
 I have tried many teas over the years and found Barry 's Tea -LRB- specifically Barry 's Irish Breakfast Tea -RRB- at a clearance store a few years ago . It was very inexpensive so thought I 'd give it a try . Absolutely love all of the Barry 's Tea line and have paid as much as $ 12.00 per box just to have my daily `` fix '' of tea . The teas are rarely available at clearance stores .
 A great tea for mornings of afternoons . The tea is balanced in flavor , decently strong and not bitter . A great buy .
 I just underwent an experiment comparing several different kids of Irish Breakfast teas , and this one came out on top . It 's hearty and -LRB- to me -RRB- just the right amount of bitter that is offset perfectly by a little bit of milk . I drink this every single morning -LRB- sometimes several times -RRB- , followed by Barry 's Gold Blend in the afternoon . I love them both , and they are greatly integrated into my day -- keeping me just a little more sane . Irish Breakfast is what helped me quit drinking coffee altogether ... I was at about three or four cups a day before I met this tea . I plan to drink this for a lifetime .
 I 've drank this tea every day for about 4 years . It has a strong robust flavor . I absolutely love it .
 Was extremely surprised at how fresh this tea was . Very yummy . Arrived very quickly as well.Will be buying more
 I honestly only drink two teas and it 's Barry 's and Taylors of Harrogate . They are both WONDERFUL , and I am absolutely ruined forever for anything American in terms of teas . They all taste like `` swamp pea '' now to me . Barry 's is n't fancy and it 's not flashy , but it 's DARNED good tea . The quality is unmistakeable and I buy it a lot . : -RRB- Whenever I make a cup -LRB- honestly -RRB- , if I am not wearing a big , soft sweat jacket , I wonder WHY I am not ? - I honestly need to remind myself why this is n't so . . ? : -RRB- It gives you that type of feeling
 Amaretto coffee is difficult to find . So glad I ordered this for my father and myself . The smell while it is brewing is amazing and the flavor is perfect any time of day .
 this coffea is grown for people who like their java black like good wiskey a taste strong with a kick
 Great Stuff For Grandma who loves Almond Amaretto Coffee . She is very hard to buy gifts for because Granny has a bunch of stuff
 This amaretto coffee is wonderful , with a nice mellow flavor . The almond flavors are layered between toasted almonds and amaretto flavoring . It became one of my favorite coffees as soon as I smelled it , and when I tasted it , I was hooked . If you like flavored coffees with a true , rich blend , you will love this one .
 What can I say ? I just ordered another flavor from the same company . Every one in my office comments on the rich smell and having a cup in the morning is something I look forward to . If you like flavored coffee , you will like this one .
 Rich , smooth taste with just the right amount of almond flavor . I was n't sure how much flavor it would have , but I love amaretto and was very pleasantly surprised . I usually buy whole bean and grind some as I need it , so I was n't sure how the ground would work - if it would stay fresh and have a decent taste . My taste buds were excited as the aroma from the first pot wafted throughout the whole house ! . It keeps well in the freezer , and the last pot from the opened bag was just as good as the first .
 These craackers are great for making appetizers with cheese , tuna , shrimp , etc , etc. . They stay crisp and firm and the flavor becomes whatever you put on them . A perfect mouth sized bite ! I highly recommend them . I will be buying them again !
 I bought some tiny two cup packages of this coffee for stocking stuffers and everyone in the family just loves it . I found it here on amazon and now I have to keep everyone in supply of it.It has a deep smooth flavor . Only the slightest of whiskey undertones . It does not have an alcohol content , it is only for flavor.The beans have been soaked in the whiskey but the coffee bean roasting process takes away any alcohol . So it is not anything to stray from if you are worried about alcohol . It is just a flavoring agent in this coffee .
 My girlfriend bought me this for christmas and I must say it is the best coffee I have ever had . It is such a unique flavor that makes the coffee feel more refreshing while you drink it . It is just a hint of the whiskey flavor and I would suggest that this is meant for people who like to drink their coffee black otherwise cream takes away from the flavor -LRB- sugar is ok -RRB- . Actually my friend and I gave something new a try . Instead of sugar try Brown Sugar , tastes great and really keeps the whiskey flavor alive while sweetening it .
 Bushmen 's Brew Honeybush herbal teasan by Numi is made from 100 % organic African Honeybush leaf . The flavor and aroma is reminiscent of honeysuckle . There is also a grassy herbal element to the taste as well as a hint of papaya . An unusual tea experience.Bushmen 's Brew has antioxodants , essential minerals and phytoestrogens . It is also naturally caffeine free!Numi gets points for their manufacturing process and packaging . The boxes containing their tea is made from 100 % recycled paperboard from 100 % post-consumer waste -- they assert that by using such packaging materials they save 2,040 trees , reduce landfill by 131,200 , and prevent 184,000 greenhouse emissions . Numi uses only 100 % natural ingredients without added oils or `` natural flavorings '' . Quote from the teabag : `` Home is a painted memory '' .
 This tasted just as great as the full sugar version I tried at a coffee shop . Yet , no calories ! Very happy with this flavor .
 I love this flavor of DaVinci sugar-free syrup . I use it almost every day when making my morning coffee . I mix it with caramel or butterscotch , which are also great flavors .
 My mom after years of not being able to find Durkee 's at the local HEB or other grocery stores asked me to take a look on line . I found it with ease , thanks to the almighty Amazon and purchased a six pack ! apparently my parents are pretty happy about having Durkee 's in the house again and have consumed more than they used to !! God bless the Famous Sauce !!!
 I have loved this stuff since I was a kid , and I can honestly say I 've never had it on a sandwich . . that sounds a bit odd to me.What it * IS * amazing for is a raw veggie dip . Some carrots and celery and a little cup of Durkee 's and I 'm in heaven.I 'm so happy I found a local store that sells it !! Bought it for my whole family , since they could n't find it in stores.Long live Durkee 's Sauce !
 I 've LONG been a fan of Durkee Famous Sauce on sandwiches . I 'm currently living and working in Germany . When I moved here , I brought a good supply with me , but alas , it eventually ran out . Surprisingly , I was unable to find the product here . Being able to order a new supply was a godsend !!! How DO people get by without it ?
 Does anyone know a store that still carries it ? My old reliable independent grocer just stopped carrying it ... says the distributor stopped carrying it . I 'll order it from amazon , but it 's pretty expensive , considering shipping charges . As others have noted , it 's great on turkey but also in cole slaw and potato salad . A friend of mine can hardly eat fresh tomatoes without it . But no , it 's not honey mustard , it 's like what my mother called boiled dressing , with mustard added .
 My family has been enjoying this sauce for over 50 years . My Dad got me hooked , and now our three daughters love it too . Every Thanksgiving , we run out , because it is THE best on turkey . I have just spent over an hour searching for it at a Krogers , Giant Eagle and Meijers to no avial . I ca n't believe it , but I have to buy it now over the WWW . If you have n't tried this product , you are missing a gastromic delight , especially on turkey!LCinOH
 This product makes everything you use it on taste terrificIt was a staple in our household when I was a young girl andto this day at 55 + I still adore the flavor.Give it a try you will be hooked too !!!!!!!!!!
 This stuff is great . And it goes so fast . I ca n't keep enough of it on hand . I know I grew up on it . There is no product like it .
 Wow , Durkee 's what else can you say about it , it 's Durkee 's . I you like a turkey sandwich the day after the big meal there is no other way to go .
 I remember having this at home back in the 1950 's -- and I loved it . It is impossible to find this product in stores , so I ordered it on line . I just finished my first jar and it was as great as I remember it . I am giving away two jars as Christmas gifts . The remaining 3 jars I 'm keeping for myself .
 I have had this item on my table for Thanksgiving , since the early 50 's . This condiment gives turkey an even better taste ; it is great with pork chops too ! My family also likes to add some to chicken pot pies
 Mix Durkee 's Sauce with real mayonnaise -LRB- NOT Miracle Whip ! -RRB- in roughly half-to-half proportions -LRB- I use a little more mayo than Durkee 's -RRB- ; then add curry powder to taste . Absolutely wonderful as a dip for raw vegetables ! I 've made this dip for more than 25 years and I 've never had anyone say that they did n't like it . If you make it the day before , the flavors meld together really well ; just give it a stir before serving . But you MUST use Durkee 's Sauce -- that 's the secret ingredient . I 've also used Durkee 's instead of mayo when mixing canned tuna fish for sandwiches ; it adds a great zing to deviled eggs , and it 's also good over grilled salmon . I would n't be without it !
 Durkee famous sauce has long been a favorite of my family.Durkee Famous Sandwich & Salad Sauce 10 oz . - 6 Unit PackIt was first recommended to me to add to a Reuben sandwich and is great for that . I also use it for potato salad and deviled eggs . No sandwich is complete without it . It is always on my pantry shelf .
 I assume this product is no longer being made which is kind of sad . I enjoyed it when I was a kid -LRB- about 70 years ago -RRB- and enjoy it now on turkey , chicken and liver sausage sandwiches .
 If you are a diabetic and have ever attended a nutrition class for diabetics you probably have heard of this product . We have a whole collection of the different flavors and I have posted a photo of some of the ones we use the most . This is an ideal additive to diabetic cooking , baking of foods or the mixing of drinks . It is sugar free and calorie free and extremely low in sodium.These mixes are ideal for use in coffee , tea drinks , Italian sodas , cocktails , pancakes , waffles , diabetic cakes and muffins . You can find a lot of diabetic recipes and substitute these flavorings for ingredients that have more sugar and calories . The result is surprisingly good and it will help reduce your sugar and calorie intake while helping you add more flavor to your food.My wife loves the flavor of peanut butter and she uses this one in muffins and diabetic cookies . It helped her curb her cravings for peanut butter and it makes some tasty low calorie snacks.Flavorings like these are nice to spice up your low calorie drinks and food and the Da Vinci Gourmet brand is the best we have found . They are internationally recognized as the highest quality flavoring made and one tablespoon = a free food exchange for a diabetic.I strongly recommend this to you as a great product !
 The company shipped promptly and I received it within a couple days of ordering , so I am satisfied with the service . The product is n't bad either . It 's sugar free so it 's not amazing , but it helps make some pretty good guilt free coffee .
 I gave this coffee to a friend of mine on her birthday . She said it was excellent coffee . Great tasting and could I order her some more .
 Plant was large , full and healthy . Given as a sympathy gift , they stated that the plant was beautiful and undamaged . When I ordered this I was told from the beginning that it would not be delivered for 5 to 7 days . So if you are ordering for a funeral this is something to consider . It arrived in 5 days . I will order from this group again .
 My family has been missing this product since the grocery store that carried it left our city . We have tried other brands and greatly prefer this one . I serve it in chicken broth ; it 's always a big hit . Thank you Amazon for this wonderful pasta !
 :
 My kids have always loved DaVinci tortellinis but our local supermarket stopped carrying them several months ago . I could n't find them anywhere locally but luckily was able to find them here . I did n't have to worry about them expiring despite buying so many at once since they were good until March of 2013 . I 've done this with other products as well that my local stores stopped carrying .
 Bought these some time ago on Amazon and have come back to them and the DaVinci ravioletti after trying Barilla and other brands . I find these quite tasty and lacking in the fillers some other brands use . Great with just butter and some grated cheese , with various sauces , and makes a yummy Italian salad with cut up hard salami , chunks of provolone , and some Italian pickled veggies , or marinated artichoke , or olives.I love the ease of having these in the pantry for whenever I need them . I cook in microwave by boiling the water in container , tossing in amount I need -LRB- often the whole box -RRB- , and cooking until they are tender . They do double in size when cooked . A great last-minute dinner . And as a salad -LRB- above -RRB- , great for bringing to potlucks .
 I liked this product . It had a hot and spicy taste . Was a convenient size for one meal . Even included a chili inside . The pull tab lid was very convenient also .
 I 'm not a big fan of Salmon.However , I decided to give it a try.The flavoring/spice makes this line of Salmon more palatable . . MJL
 I took a chance and bought this after reading the reveiws and was very pleased . This tastes absolutely great . It is very spicy and goes very well in a salad or sandwich .
 This stuff is worth its weight in gold -- it 's to good to be true ! It 's got plenty of rich , layered maple flavor and a touch of butter . And no calories ! My only complaint is that it does n't come in a gallon container . : - -RRB-
 If I did n't know better , I 'd have thought this was regular sugared up pancake syrup . No , not really sickly sweet , just right . I will buy this again .
 We eat with our eyes first such a pleasure to seeMade with Splenda syrup flowing on my pancakesIt looks great & tastes greatThe viscosity is just right too . -LSB- how do they do that without sigar ? -RSB- I will try other flavors asap
 Read a review and obviously this isnt real syrup . Real syrup is loaded with sugar naturally . Anyways , this syrup tastes great . It reminds me of Mrs. Butterworths from when I was little . It is runny but I 'd rather have it taste good and be runny than thick with an aftertaste . My fiance tasted it and he said he could n't tell that this was sugar free . So glad ! My entire family is diabetic and something like this will make sweets much less needed . I want to try the blueberry and pineapple for smoothies next .
 I ` am from Mexico City and is the second time that I make the effort to obtain this producteventhough that , or I have to travel myself or I have to ask someone to carry this product forme from USA to Mexico , I like it very much . Why dont you sell them in Mexico ?
 I 'm really looking forward to this decaf , lotus-flavored , green tea being available in a 144 bag count package . We love this tea ! The lotus takes a little of the green tea 's `` bite '' away and makes it very pleasant to drink . Since we travel a lot we always have one of these cartons of Tazo traveling with us . Good stuff !
 Valley Lahvosh makes the best cracker bread . If you have n't tried it before , find a Middle Eastern store , or large grocery store or whole foods store , and ask for it . It can be hard to find in the store . It is quite expensive to buy it here , but I have n't found another place to ship it to me . A better deal than this , but without the variety , is the `` Victoria Sampler '' here on Amazon . Lahvosh as bread on the table with a little smear of butter is a special treat . It is great with soft cheeses and wine . I will definitely buy again .
 I 've adored Valley Lahvosh 's heart and star crackers for decades , but they are hard to find here in North Texas , so I was quite pleased to find that they sell on Amazon . The first item I got , I think the two bags , arrived pretty broken up -LRB- Amazon made it right , tho ! -RRB- , but these shipped beautifully . Nice variety , and THE BEST lahvosh you can buy commercially . Light , delicate , and yet tasty , we make super spreads using cream cheese -LRB- green olives , black olives and chives , or red caviar and minced onion -RRB- just for these wonderful crackers . Do n't hesitate for a minute . These are fabulous !!
 These chips are delicious and amazing . They are a wholly satisfying alternative for anyone who left behind potato chips and corn chips.However , just because they have good ingredients does n't mean they are good for you . They just are n't as bad for you as the other alternatives .
 Do n't be put off by the `` rice '' or the `` seaweed '' or the `` sesame . '' These chips incorporate seaweed and sesame , but that is not what you will notice when you chomp them . They are extraordinarily delicious in the ordinary potato-chip/Dorito level of things . If you crave salty snacks like potato chips or Doritos , you MUST try these . These chips have a mighty CRUNCH . A great depth of flavor that will satisfy the Dorito crowd . And they have an excellent sensation of saltiness . You can check it out . The ingredients will blow your mind . More so after you try them and do a double-take at the label . In my opinion , all of the Lundberg chips are well done , but these are in their own class -- by a mile .
 How can something this good be good for you too ? This is my favorite , but Lundberg does n't seem to know how to make a bad product .
 I have been looking for a gluten free rice chips that actually tasted good . These chips are great . Not only do they taste great , but are nice and crisp . I keep a bag by my easy chair to munch on all of the time . Just the right amount of salt too . Some chips have too much salt , but these are great . A great snack at a great price . Will be ordering again soon .
 These chips are delicious but rather expensive at $ 2.99 a bag at my local grocery store . This 12 pack is no deal at all .
 This is my new favorite flavor of Lundberg Rice Chips . They are so tasty and addictive . There is n't an obvious seaweed or sesame taste or aroma - it 's very subtle , while at the same time being very flavorful overall . Not bland or boring at all . They have a great texture and the seasoning is delicious . My second favorite flavor is the pico de gallo but all the flavors are worth checking out .
 This is the perfect tea for any time ! I really love the herbal note when added to the mint . Soothing , absolutely refreshing , simply delicious ! I ca n't say enough good things about the speed in which I received my purchase , even during the holidays-thank you Amazon !
 With as strong a mint aroma as this tea has , I expected it to be cloyingly strong , but was pleasantly surprised by how mellow and refreshing the mint flavor is . Perhaps the addition of tarragon is responsible for this effect . Whatever the cause , this tea , like other teas I 've had from this brand , is a masterpiece . If you need a quick pick-me-up during the day but do n't want coffee or caffeine jitters , this is great . The aroma alone will keep you going for another hour or two .
 THIS HAS TO BE THE BEST HERBAL TEA EVER MADE BY TAZO AND EVERY OTHER COMPANY , WORTH THE MONEY . YOU SAVE WHEN YOU BUY IN BULK .
 I really like Tazo 's Earl Grey tea because it is highly fragrant without being overly bitter - an experience I have had with too many Early Greys.Plus , the tea bags come in a nice box so it is easy to take one bag out at a time and enjoy -LRB- without making a mess ! -RRB- . I 'd also like to note that the boxes are stackable , if you have more than one type of Tazo tea.So grab a tea bag and let it steep in your favorite mug for three or four minutes . Take a deep breath and enjoy the earthy fragrant goodness of the Earl Grey . Take a sip , close your eyes , and savor this little scrap of peace before facing the rest of your day ...
 We actually found one of these at a bargain store today for $ 8 and it was worth the money - the batteries are already dying -LRB- likely because of kids playing with it in the store -RRB- but the sound and lights are true to advertisement - the Death Star lights up and plays the Star Wars theme when opened . It 's a big dispenser and pops out the entire pack of pez , not single candies . Great for a Star Wars fan who has everything else , or a Pez Dispenser collector . : -RRB-
 I love hot tea , but I have found that there are some brands and styles that I enjoy much more than others . My personal preference is a strong tea with a lot of character . This is that tea ! I am not trying to delve into hyperbole here , but I look forward to opening up one of these bags and letting it steep . It 's good , really good !
 Tazo teas are a quality brand that I was introduced to at Starbucks coffee shops . I love getting a black tea lemonade during the summer on hot days and they use the Awake black tea to make the drink . I bought these tea bags to use in my Keurig brewer and just pop a bag in , let it brew and then remove the tea bag and place it in my cup to let it steep a few extra minutes for maximum strength and flavor . I add some sugar and drink it hot . It is a nice caffeine punch when I need a hot drink and am in the mood for tea instead of coffee . I love ordering in bulk from Amazon as the price is great !
 This is my favorite tea . I drink it everyday . They no longer sell it like this in Starbucks so I have to order it .
 Awake . The name says it all . This is the strongest bagged black tea I know of . Not for those who like a milder black tea .
 There is not one bad thing I can say about this tea . It 's delicious , it 's packaged and presented well , it works hot or cold ... seriously perfect . I 've only ever found one tea close to it : All Natural Organic Instant Black Tea Powder 8 oz . - Buy One Get One Free ! . It 's a powder so you can add more to adjust the flaovr which I like , plus you can save a lot of money since the price is so much lower . They 're very comparable . Both are flavorful and really do justice to black teas.I love black tea and they are the only two types I 've stuck with for longer than a month . They have serious staying power for the ultimate tea drinker like me . I drink 2 cups a day at least in the winter . It never loses potency and always tastes great whether your spruce it up or leave it all natural .
 I finally bought the 6 pack of 24 of this tea as it is one of my favorite Tazo black teas on Amazon . They are really convenient to use and easy to take along in tea bag form . I also get the loose leaf version at -LRB- which is bolder -RRB- at Starbucks for under 7 dollars a tin . It is a nice mixed flavor of English Breakfast -LRB- Twinings brand is best for English Breakfast in my opinion -RRB- and ever so slightly Earl Grey and other black teas . The Tazo Awake black tea is not as strong as some but bold in flavor or aroma , the loose leaf version by Tazo is even more so . I do n't drink caffeine in the form of sodas or coffee but I do drink lots of tea and I do n't ever feel wired or caffeine 'd out after a few cups of tea each day . Tazo has impressed with both their loose leaf and tea bag versions . Seep it long enough to get the bold color , flavor and aroma but do n't over do it as the tea will have bitterness if you leave it seeping too long .
 Because I had to stop drinking coffee , I was searching for a good tea that would get me started in the morning . This tea does that . I also like Tazo 's other teas ; they produce quality products .
 `` There are few hours in life more agreeable than the hour dedicated to the ceremony known as afternoon tea . '' - Henry James , Portrait of a LadyThis `` English Breakfast '' style tea is quite satisfying and has a darker color than most teas I 've made . `` Awake '' will definitely encourage you to feel invigorated and inspired.I 'd like to say that their teas are best steeped for an extra 5-10 minutes to draw out all the delicious flavors . I use my coffee maker to make tea . Simply put the loose tea in a coffee filter or the tea bags in the coffee pot , then allow the boiling water to drip over the tealeaves.When you drink these teas you can transcend reality for moments at a time and that is all the truth I need about these teas . Some of these teas even evoke a sense of wonder.Of all the black teas I 've tried , Awake truly will keep you AWAKE . When I 'm in the mood to write , this tea can jumpstart a very productive day . ~ The Rebecca Review
 Awesome tea , flavorful , not strong , thanks to this awesome tea , a 45 year old habit -LRB- Coffee -RRB- was replaced by this very , very , good tea . I highly recommend to tea drinkers , and most of all coffe drinkers , it is so good , it will make you quit coffee.GoffyFort Worth , Texas
 I found that this tea really had calming effects . It also helped to clear my mind and slow down my thoughts . I 'm not sure if it 's a good substitute for coffee like other customers mentioned but it does help to relax you -LRB- not in a lazy way -RRB- . I found myself speaking clearly and feeling more patient about an hour after I drank my first mug . High caffeine , such as in a Starbucks all black , makes me very anxious and I just ca n't have that anymore . Tazo 's awake may be a good substitute , though . I feel more focused . Caffeine just puts me on the wrong path sometimes . I may feel more awake , but caffeine has too many negative side effects . Maybe this Tazo tea might do the trick . I 'll have to try it out on a work day .
 This is my favorite black tea . The flavor is bold and delicious . Other teas I have found with similar flavor make the water muddy , and this does n't do that .
 Hard to describe.This is n't the strongest tea in the world -- and it PAINS me to write it -- but it SURE s-m-e-l-l-s and t-a-s-t-e-s good!I 'm guilty of using two bags when I 'd use one of another brand , but I have the best of BOTH worlds -- then -- since it ` saromatic ; tasty ; a-n-d , strong!A real favorite in OUR German home !
 I love this tea . Plain black tea is hard to find in stores , and expensive in specialty stores . I do n't like the orange pekoe flavor most tea carried by grocery stores is cut with - in my opinion , it is the orange pekoe that adds the bitterness . Yes , you have to buy a lot -LRB- 6 packs of 24 each -RRB- but I drink it every day , and particularly love it iced with my own flavorings added . -LRB- Please ! Do n't change this product ! -RRB-
 Like many others , we are making the transition from coffee to tea and Tazo 's AWAKE tea is an exceptional product . We enjoy all the TAZO tea flavors , but this one is especially important as it 's the first thing we drink each morning . The price CAN NOT be beat ! Considering one box costs me $ 5-7 EACH at my local grocer , Amazon offers a GREAT price to buy in bulk . I highly recommend this tea to anyone and everyone .
 This is the Tea that I order at my local Starbucks . At $ 2.75 a pop , it gets real expensive real quick . For the price of about 10 drinks , I got enough tea to make about 148 glasses of iced tea . That 's a good value to me .
 After switching from strong coffee to tea , I knew I would n't like a tea that would show the bottom of the cup . This was THE one . Even at the supermarket , this is the flavor that they always run out of . So happy to find it on Amazon in a six-pack .
 I first discovered this tea at Starbucks ... it is much cheaper on line . It is very robust but I do n't find it bitter at all . I love a strong and tasty cup of tea , especially in the morning .
 Great tea . Flavor is bold enough and makes a great milk tea too . Have not found a better tea bag product yet .
 Been drinking this tea for about a year . Helps keep me alert at work on the day in which I 'm lacking sleep !
 I 've been trying several black teas recently because I 'm trying to lower my coffee intake while still getting some caffeine to jump start my day . In terms of flavor , Tazo awake and stash black were both really nice and clearly more flavorful than the generic lipton type black tea , but I feel like Tazo has a bit more caffeine to get my day going in the morning or if I need an afternoon pick me up . Overall a very nice tea and a pretty good deal versus the close to $ 5 starbucks sells it for in store .
 I have been a coffee drinker for years , but after trying this tea , it is now my go to pick me up .
 Best tea in bags ever!Yeah , some lipton black tea cost less money for 100 bags , but this tea is like somebody is using tazo bags after 5th time.This is some kind of different box with this tea . There is a 24 bags in each box and not like 20 in some regular tazo box from grocery store.So , have a great cup of tea !!!
 My favorite tea , hands-down ! I start every morning with a cup of Awake and take packages of it with me when I travel .
 I 've been a loyal bigelow drinker for years but this tea has made me a tazo convert . It has the best black tea flavor of any tea I have tried .
 I love this tea ! Tazo Awake is a nice , robust black tea that is perfect on a chilly afternoon . The package arrived well -LRB- in a cardboard box with the six individually packaged boxes of tea -RRB- .
 Lovely , Black Tea blend . Tea as it was meant to taste.No funny after taste . No tea bag taste conflicting with tea leaf.Have used for years and enjoy daily , both as hot tea and iced tea.Great Price !
 I have drank this tea for many years and still love it today . Bold taste , and full of flavor . Excellent for early mornings or late nights .
 I am a tea not coffee drinker , and only enjoy black tea , or occasionally green tea mixed with black tea . when I started to change some eating habits and initiated the whole30/whole9life - I needed to cut out artificial sweeteners and dairy -LRB- would always have 3-4 Splenda in m tea -RRB- . it definitely took a little to get used to , and realized that some regular black teas or different brands of English breakfast just had different taste or bitterness to it.I have n't tried 100 but enough to know that drinking black tea with nothing added Tazo Awake stands out for me . Always enjoyed Tazo when introduced to it at Starbucks.I could n't even use the Kcups of Timothy 's English breakfast anymore which is just too bitter.so my order of Black tea nothing added rating : Tazo Awake 5 starsBigelow 4 starsTetlow 4 starsLipton 3 starsTimothy 's English breakfast 1 starmy 2 cents !
 My wife likes the tea at Starbucks , we bought a tin there , but the price is rather high , as you would expect at Starbucks . I was pleasantly surprised to find that they carry the brand at Amazon at a much better price.4-stars as the tea bags are slightly different from the pricey ones from Starbucks - I ca n't tell the difference though my wife can !
 it actually works i have cut down on my coffee intake after i started drinkin this . And i dont miss coffee at all
 This tea is wonderful . I grew up drinking black tea , and have been experimenting with different black teas for a while . this is one of the most versatile and all around best . good as a hot cream tea in the morning , and an iced tea in the afternoon . It is flavorful , but not over powering , I even like it before bed as well .
 I drink a lot of tea and coffee . Most high quality black and green teas suppress appetites like this one will and taste pretty good , but this really gets ten stars for how alert it will make you without some of the negative effects of caffeine ! I have had a lot of coffee in the morning , and for some reason this seems to make me more awake than coffee will and even better more alert AND I do n't get jittery and experience a sugar crash ! I actually rarely drink caffeine and I was super surprised how much sharper this tea makes me feel without the side effects caffeine has on some people.The taste has also been my favorite so far among black teas . The only other black tea I drink is naturally decaffeinated Twining 's English Breakfast which is great if you want to avoid caffeine for a night .
 I recieved a sampler pack for christmas and I loved the AfricanRed Bush tea and have looked several places for it and could not find it . Found it , ordered it I am thrilled . Thank you !!
 This is hands down the best tea that I have ever had ! It was so sweet and cinnamony ... it did n't need a drop of sugar ! Do n't pass this one up ... it is a must have ! Buy in bulk and give the extras as gifts !
 **** Tazo 's Zen Green Tea with Lemongrass & Spearmint has a subtle , mild , light green tea taste , not bitter at all . I do n't taste any of the additional flavors Tazo puts into this tea ; maybe my palate is n't developed to this point . However , it still is one of their better teas , and has less of an artificial taste than the others I 've tried . Maybe the flavorings are just too mild in this tea , but when it comes to flavorings , I prefer them this way ; I like a natural , real taste with real ingredients sans vague `` natural flavors '' and sans flavorings , sans essences , etc. . It is not a strong green tea , so it would definitely appeal to people who enjoy herbal infusions and milder teas.The ingredients in Zen are
 When I used to work at the campus pub , one of the most requested items was this tea . It started with one or two people having colds , needing a tea , and all we happened to have on hand was the Tazo . What a smart decision by our managers to purchase this product ! It caught on like nothing else had there ! Soon , we were serving more tea than beer!From a personal standpoint , however , I can attest to its flavor and qualities . It is the best tea I have ever had the pleasure to drink myself . The Zen flavor is no exception . I would highly recommend that you try out all of them -LRB- or at least as many as you can -RRB- and decide on your own personal Tazo , as the myriad of blends can be a bit overwhelming . Zen is probably the best green tea I have tried , though . It 's one of my personal favorites.The price really is a bargain . I 've compared in grocery stores and you 're better off buying the 6 count dispenser -LRB- 144 bags in total -RRB- . Trust me , you will definitely drink that much tea . During the summer months , it makes a truly unique and exceptionally tasty iced tea as well and in the winter with a little honey and lemon , it 's a perfect suppressant of cold symptons -LRB- I would still claim there is no CURE for a cold yet -RRB- . Drink in good health and enjoy !
 Firstly , Rustichella d'abruzzo is the very best pasta asciutta available . For years Amazon has been offering it in four packs for $ 17.50 or so and the prices have been rising to about $ 22 . If you buy something else -LRB- another 4-pack of pasta is what I buy -RRB- the price comes to under $ 6 for a half kilo -LRB- 17.6 oz -RRB- of the factory made product . Handmade shapes are generally double in price.Looking today all the 4 packs are on an out of stock -- please notify me basis.This particular offering is $ 6.25 , a price that is competitive to Whole Foods and the like . But adding 7.25 shipping makes it $ 14/lb and at that price I 'll east filet , lobster , and get out my Atlas and start making my own.Please , Amazon , bring pack the 4-packs !
 Got to try this stuff , very good pasta we loved it . tasted like coumet fresh made definatly worth the price if you want the real thing .
 My husband loves jam made from real sugar instead of corn syrup . We live in a smaller town so finding that for his birthday present was n't working so much . I found Grama 's and it was perfect . They accidentally sent me Dutch Apple -LRB- also freaking amazing by the way -RRB- instead of the Peach . When I told them , they sent me the peach quickly at no extra cost . We are definitely going to be repeat customers !
 Such is the case with this tea . This mellow yet very flavorful and pleasant tea is perfect any time you want to relax , and is great for before bed time or after a long day at work to help you unwind . As is typical of my experiences with this brand , the aroma is pleasantly complex . This easily qualifies as the single best tea I 've ever had the immense pleasure of enjoying .
 If you 've read a bad review for this tea , ignore it ! I ca n't find this tea in stores , but when I find it at hotels I do n't drink anything else . It has a delightful but modest fruity/floral flavor from the lotus , and it 's really the perfect green tea - for decaf or not . But the bonus really is that it 's decaf , if you need a tea to unwind . PERFECTION .
 This product is the best by Tazo in my opinion . Best price and fantasticservice by this seller . Would definitely purchase from them again ... g
 This tea scores high on all counts -- fragrance , flavor and even the name ! Making tea with Lotus creates a delicate light green brew which is deliciously scented . The flavor is augmented by the aroma -- a light floral flavor with just a hint of the grassines of green tea . The unusual taste of lotus flower is hard to describe -- it has a slight buttery flavor reminiscent of fine jasmine tea.If you need a strong jolt of flavor this tea is not for you . If you want something unusual , savor the subtlety of this wonderful tea.Quote from The Book of Tea by Okakura : `` Meanwhile , let us have a sip of tea . The afternoon glow is brightening the bamboos , the fountains are bubbling with delight , the soughing of pines is heard in our kettle . Let us dream of evanescence , and linger in the beautiful foolishness of things . ''
 This is the first time I have purchased Tazo tea . I have always been a fan of green tea , but this time I decided to purchase green tea with a lotus flavor . I was delighted when my tea finally arrived and I sampled it for the first time . The taste was delicious and I was also very pleased with the delivery of my order . It arrived very quickly . I would recommend this tea to anyone who is a lover of green tea or who loves tea with a very smooth , mellow taste . : -RRB-
 This tea is delicious and relaxing . It is the first tea I choose when I need a soothing moment . It has the perfect blend of flavor for a calming moment . I have been buying it for 5 years .
 This decafeinated green tea is good by itself , but a touch of sugar really brings out the fruity taste of the lotus . Mmmm .
 I have been drinking Tazo Lotus tea for a while now , and it is difficult to find in stores . Thank you for carrying it on Amazon.com
 This is a great product . I was glad I could order it because I ca n't find it in any stores . I actually had the opportunity to try it when I purchased a variety pack of Tazo teas . For any avid tea drinker , especially someone who likes green tea , I would highly recommend this . I also like the fact it 's decaf .
 The tea is great but the shipping was nearly twice the price of the tea .
 This Tazo tea is a most refreshing and relaxing drink . I drink it hot or cold and enjoy it three or four times per day . It is probably my favorite of all the flavors of Tazo .
 I do n't believe I ever SAW or HEARD of this brand before buying -- because of the name `` Refresh '' -- it , here , at AmazonDotCom.My wife and I disagree on a lot of things , but we BOTH agree on THIS!EXCELLENT !
 This is my favorite tea !! Sometimes it is not so easy to find out in the market place - but thank you ... . I found it here .
 this is mint tea with a twist of sage , if i recall correctly . it tastes great -- natural and flavorful .
 Tazo 's `` Refresh '' tea definitely lives up to its name . The tea is caffeine-free , which is great for those of us who get jittery after just a little bit of caffeine . It contains peppermint , spearmint , and tarragon , which leave a pleasant , refreshing aftertaste in your mouth . I love this tea hot on a chilly winter day , but it 's also great iced . Definitely my favorite Tazo tea , and one of the most versatile.Overall , I highly recommend Tazo `` Refresh '' tea for anyone looking for a fresh , minty tea . This is sure to become a household favorite .
 This tea is very nice to drink in the evenings . Glad to see amazon lists this for a great price , and delivers quickly as well . Tea is always fresh , and very rarely does loose tea make its way out of the bags .
 A few weeks ago one of my friends made me a cup of tea . I really like it . I was sick and it help clear me out . Highly suggested .
 This tea is the best . I love mint tea , and when I saw this tea had mint and tarragon I thought I 'd give it a try . It really is amazing . Very refreshing -- a must try .
 It is what it is . Go have a cup at Starbucks if you 're in question of the taste . It 's great !
 I ordered this tea as part of a Christmas gift for my tea-bag -LRB- not the dirty way ! -RRB- loving friend . I read the positive reviews so I ordered this for her and she told me she loves it ! I will probably order another box so I can try this myself . : -RRB-
 This tea is simply amazing ... therapeutic actually . The aroma is unbeatable . The price on amazon for the box is about what you 'll pay for a cup at Starbucks . So go ahead ... get the box , you wo n't be sorry . I 've turned strict coffee drinkers into tea lovers with this tea . A truly wonderful way to start each morning .
 My Daughter loves this tea ... Santa gave it her in her stocking ! She drinks plenty of it in the winter time .
 My family loves this tea -- it is refreshing and tasty ! It is especially good over ice on a hot summer 's day .
 Just love these crackers - especially the Cinnamon Hearts !! Even my 22 month old granddaugher thinks they are a tasty treat .
 This is the same tea that Starbucks uses in their Black Iced Tea , and I love it . It makes a gallon size pitcher , which , for me , lasts two days . I do n't have a Starbucks any closer than 17 miles , so it keeps me going between Starbuck fixes . Now , if I could only afford one of their Espresso machines , and a kitchen big enough to store it ...
 I buy this tea at Starbucks daily , I ordered this so I can make it at home . I understand they are not making this anymore I do n't know what I will do with out this
 These are delicious , boneless , skinless sardines . I eat them for a light , healthy dinner .
 xcellent product better than all I , ve had in the past
 These sardines are very tasty . I was looking for some in water but the olive oil adds to the taste . I 'm glad I bought it .
 So , these were sort of bland , but I sure ca n't complain about the quality . If you want your sardines firm and fresh without all the oil and without the scales and the bones , this is a great choice . I 'll bet if they were mashed up and mixed with mayo and relish and served to me , I 'd think I was eating tuna !
 These are the best canned sardines I 've ever bought . They have a good flavor and are so non-fishy and non-oily it 's almost like canned chicken . Versatile and healthful .
 This is the best tea I have ever had - so smooth and delicate . I like to mix in a little Splenda and Half & Half .
 I buy as many bottles as I can carry whenever I go to Italy , its the best , smooth and subtle . I wish they would start selling it in the USA .
 5MM Pink Edible Pearls are a wonderful addition to cakes & cookies ! They can instantly add sophistication to any piece !
 Jeremiah 's Pick makes the best coffee I have tried , and their customer service is unparalleled . The Kona blend is well-balanced and delicious .
 I 'm giving this product a 5 start rating due to the quality and taste of the &#34; Decaffeinated &#34; Chai . You have enjoy the typical Chai tea taste without getting the caffeine . Most decaf chai compromise flavor and make them fruity or non-chai like . If you are classic chai team drinker you 'll love this tea .
 I love chai tea . Ever since I first had it years ago I have loved this tea . Usually I mix decaf and regular together so that they is not so much caffine . I love tea and drink a lot but I like to sleep as well .
 Among all of Twinings ' breakfast teas , this has become my latest standard . Steeping for only three or four minutes produces a deep , full-bodied liquor , which I find to be a bit richer than English Breakfast -LRB- which is still a fairly stout tea unto itself -RRB- . As it 's such a strong tea , Irish Breakfast holds up very well to milk and sugar.If you 're looking for a lighter morning tea , Twinings Ceylon Breakfast is very nice .
 Did you know that the Irish - * not * the English - are per capita the world 's highest consumers of tea ? No wonder , then , that there is a breakfast blend named for them ; although Irish Breakfast is actually strong enough to be a great pick-me-up throughout the day . Traditionally , it consists primarily of teas from Ceylon -LRB- Sri Lanka -RRB- and the state of Assam in northeastern India . Irish Breakfast has an intricately full-bodied , malty , floral aroma and goes particularly well with milk -LRB- or cream , but real milk is preferable -RRB- . Enjoy !
 makes a wonderful pot of tea and has a strong , bold , almost malty taste . Nice strong cup of tea with excellent flavor . I drink my tea with milk and sugar and this holds up well . Have tried other brands but prefer this to others . Also like the tin for freshness and ease of storage .
 I absolutely love strong tea in the morning . This Irish Breakfast tea does the trick . I use it in the refillable k-cup of my Keurig and it comes out perfect , even after adding a little frothed milk or creamer .
 This is a pretty robust blend and is my everyday morning tea . I like it with a spot of honey .
 We love this macaroni with Velveeta cheese . Almost as good as the real thing and especially when we ca n't eat wheat .
 Our family decided a long time ago to avoid wheat and also go organic . After trying several options for WHEAT free , in pasta , we landed on Vitaspelt as the best alternative . Tinkyada -LRB- spelling ? -RRB- is a good one also , but this has more texture to it than the rice type pastas and a better flavor . I 'd never cook it to the 10 minute mark it gives though . And if using this for mac and cheese - cook a tad less than it calls for in time - maybe barely 6 minutes , then after putting in the hot cheese mixture , placing it in the caserole dish , adding your sliced tomatoes on top - pop it into the oven for yummy home made mac and cheese . No one will ever know this is a wheat free alternative I found any longer than 6 minutes with the added cooking in the oven and it gets too soft . One word of warning with Vitaspelt products - READ the labels as some of them are WHOLE WHEAT & spelt , which takes away from the avoiding wheat . We did not care for the whole wheat -LRB- hubby did n't read the label and bought it by accident -RRB-
 I purchased this item because of my wheat allergy , but it tastes even better than the semolina elbows that I was using . It cooks up in 7 minutes and even my husband who has no food allergies loves it !
 I love this stuff ! It goes perfect on my strawberry and mandarin orange salad . Reminds me of a raspberry vinaigrette but much better than anything else I have tasted .
 This dressing is wonderful ! Ca n't wait to try the other flavors . Also , the company 's website has lots of great-sounding recipes ! Yea !
 This is the best salad dressing ever with tons of flavor and not that many fat calories . it 's reasonable if you are on a diet or watching your fat/calories . it 's quite tangy tho so there 's a little bite to it .
 I eat salad a lot at least 4 or 5 times a week . So I have tried many different dressings . I came across this by accident as a friend gave it to me to try out . A new unopened bottle that ended up not lasting long . As far as Vinaigrette 's go this one is one of my favorites . There is little I can say besides buy this you will love it . Their website has more flavors and cheaper prices so I recommend going there . I just ordered the Zesty French and I have no doubt it will be as good as all their other dressings .
 The dessert recipe i wanted to make called for a mango syrup . Since i have n't tasted the Torani and the Monin mango syrups , i decided to give both a try . Growing up eating Philippine mangoes during the mango season will pretty much give me an idea of how mangoes should taste like.IMO , the Torani mango syrup does n't taste like it has real mango in it , tastes very artificial.On the other hand , the Monin mango syrup surely would have artificial ingredients in it too but Monin did a pretty good job of making the syrup taste more like pureed mango . I love Monin . I hope that the Rose and the Lavender syrups i bought just now wo n't disappoint as well .
 I purchased the blackberry flavor and use it in tea and sprite -LRB- blackberry limeade -RRB- . It 's a lot better than Torani , better quality , consistency , and flavors .
 Full of great Mango flavor , perfect for Mango Iced Tea . My local espresso shop uses Monin syrups and I purchased to make my own .
 We love iced tea and this just makes it Tate even better . Not too sweet , and best thing is a short I gradient list !!
 This syrup makes excellent Mango Iced Tea . Just brew regular iced tea , sweeten it a little -LRB- so you do n't have to use so much syrup -RRB- , and then add Monin Mango syrup to taste . This is the syrup that they use at Stir Crazy .
 I think these noodles taste good and the whole grain was whole reason I bought them in the first place . They are a healthier alternative to the cheaper noodles I had usually gotten . But , they are just noodles after all so I wont go on some rave about how wonderful they are . For me they taste good and are healthier than regular noodles and thats a good enough reason to buy them . The price here is pretty good but I just got them for myself so these should last a while !
 VitaSpelt has made these available in bulk in a place that 's easy to shop which makes it easy to feed my family a healthy meal . Thank You .
 So happy to find these noodles on Amazon after my husband discovered them at Whole Foods this week . I have been searching for a whole grain egg noodle and they just do n't carry them at our local co-op . Good flavor , and that nice noodle texture . With prime shipping , I 'll have a case here in no time and a bunch of happy kids .
 I 'm allergic to wheat , but have no problem with spelt . Spelt is very close in taste to wheat , so I do n't feel I 'm missing out with these noodles . I use them in soup and casseroles . I love the VitaSpelt products !
 So glad to have a source for alternate pastas ! These noodles , and Vita Spelt 's other products , are good alternatives if you are sensitive to wheat . I love that I can have noodles or macaroni or rotini or angel hair pasta , without giving up the health and texture of whole grain goodness . It is the only company I have found that offers so many different varieties , and it holds together better than rice pastas . You can order them directly from Vita Spelt , but the cost is much more than here . I was delighted to discover that -LRB- ... -RRB- carried them , and for such a great price .
 So you 'd think that by the package it wo n't taste as great as it sounds , but let me tell you its very decieving !! I was pleasantly surpirsed by their fresh orange taste - to be honest they taste like eating a juicy orange but no peeling . definitely give'em a shot , your waist will thank you -LRB- especially when it comes to that 3pm chocolate fix !! -RRB-
 I was n't sure if my kids and I would like these and then I was n't sure if we would actually eat so many boxes of them . Well , they 're almost gone and I have to buy some more . I 'll try another flavor this time . The orange flavor was much better than I thought it would be , they are really good ! These taste exactly like an orange - no bitterness and not too sweet either . The quality of the raisins was excellent and I liked the serving size . I was really surprised that we loved these so much . How cool that they are good for you too !
 I ordered this product to try out on younger children that I teach nutrition classes for . They like them and so do I ! Great sprinkled on a spinach salad . The orange flavor is not bitter and the raisins are very moist .
 I throw these in my purse for when I need a small snack to carry me until dinner . They 're quite tasty and have a citrus zing to them .
 Very yummy raisins , great taste and texture , not to dry . I add them to couscous , and stuffing , mix with nuts and or other dried fruit , on cereal . They come in small packs , not boxes like some raisins so they are easy to store and transport and keep fresh , take them on a hike , or a flight , camping , perfect for class or healthy snack .
 If you like raisins and oranges you 'll like this product . The raisins have great orange flavoring and make a healthy fat free snack for any age . I was pleasantly surprised by the wonderful taste and have ordered more for myself and for friends .
 Amazin Raisin is a great tasting alternative to regular raisins . The orange flavoring adds a nice zing to the snack , kind of like dried fruit that you buy to use in fruitcake . -LRB- You can taste the flavor , and the raisin -RRB- . Imagine these in oatmeal cookies or your holiday fruitcake ! How about rice pudding ? Any place a raisin goes , an Amazin Raisin goes too !
 This is a GREAT product ! It 's whole wheat pasta that LOOKS and tastes like white pasta . I follow the Weight Watcher 's Core plan and use a lot of whole wheat pasta . I made a cold pasta salad using this brand one night and my husband asked me why I was n't using whole wheat pasta . He could n't tell it was whole wheat!What a great product !
 I am a firm believer in eliminating all &#34; white &#34; pasta from our diets in this household . After a year of changing my eating habits -LRB- this being one of them -RRB- I have lost 65lbs . This is a very good whole what pasta that I bought a case of using Subscribe and Save . There 's only 2 of us here so they should last a long while . Do not expect the same taste or texture as white flour pasta . There is a slight difference in flavor as well . But like any change in diet , it is something you need to try and use for a period of time until you have made a new &#34; habit &#34; . I do n't know how children would react , but if I were feeding my grandchildren I would n't hesitate to give them some thing more healthy whether they complained or not !
 Great product but lousy price for 12 ounces . It is overall cheaper than the stores so I purchase it here but it 's really unnecessary to cost over 2 dollars a box .
 I 've tried several brands of 100 % whole wheat macaroni over the years , but I always come back to Davinci 's . They 're only slightly tastier than traditional bleached flour elbows instead of being overpowering like so many whole wheaters are . Most importantly , their texture is just like traditional , so all your favorite dishes come out the same way they always have , just healthier !
 I love pasta and learned that whole wheat kinds are much more healthy . So , I started buying them . When I discovered this on line at such a good price , I could not resist . The flavor is slightly different , but works well in any dish .
 For spelt lovers and others ! This pasta is great in pasta salad and hot dishes . Everything . All of VitaSpelt products are wonderful . And I do eat whole wheat as well , but sometimes I prefer VitaSpelt.I would suggest that you do not over cook - over heated and over cooked results in pasta mush .
 Cooks much faster than other whole wheat or whole grain . Has a very good rich flavor . Our kids love it too .
 Love it ! I use in replace of anything that calls for noodles - pasta salads , Mac n ' cheese . No one would know it was n't whole wheat unless they were told .
 VitaSpelt is the best for my family and they taste great too . For the first time buyer they are a heaver form of noodle and they fill you up faster . This is the only place I can find them in bulk , Thank You .
 I eat these regularly and are especially with heavier sauces . I use these as much as I can and then I use the lighter ones when I do n't want the whole grain flavor to interfere .
 Whole spelt tastes SO much better and milder than whole wheat!It 's a great product.Holds shape well.Digests easier.Whole grain benefits.I like it a lot .
 The product is great , but why would they print with ink a coupon inside the box exposed to the food I do n't know . I have changed brands until it is corrected .
 We were on vacation to Yellowstone and stopped in a little tourist town of Virginia City , Montana . There we discovered Sissy Sauce . While on the road we began to use it immediately on hamburgers and anything that requires ketchup . Funny thing is our then 2 year old daughter -LRB- she is now 3.5 -RRB- fell in love with it and will ask for Sissy Sauce over ketchup every time . `` Pass the Sissy Sauce '' ! Pappy 's Sauce for Sissies Mild Barbecue Sauce - 12.7 oz
 This is the best sauce I have ever tasted . I ca n't live without it . I use it on every kind of meat , as a steak sauce , and much more , besides a bbq sauce . It is great . I love it .
 Be sure to cook this pasta completely . Taste is great , holds a sauce well .
 A lot of phobias about whole wheat pasta tasting horrible can be put to rest with this pasta . It has a nice smooth texture unlike other brands that are reminiscent of tree bark.On a diet ? This pasta will FILL you up ! You wont want to go back for seconds . I could easily eat twice as much white pasta.The only reason your not buying this pasta is because it costs more . You are correct this pasta is 5x more expensive than good old white pasta . Here is a little hint
 As part of my healthy eating plan , I gave up eating anything made from processed flour . Bread and cereal were n't a problem -- lots of good whole grain alternatives available -- but great whole wheat pasta has been elusive . My main complaints
 This is the only char siu marinade I use , very simple , i 'll marinate pork or chicken with it , after the marinating is done i 'll cook it in the oven at 350 degrees or on the grill at low to medium heat .
 I was trying to match the taste of the BBQ pork you get at a Chinese restaurant , and this did the job ! It 's easy to make your own in a crockpot . Just put in a good piece of pork -LRB- loin is good , sholder is bad -RRB- , pour on the sauce , set at high , and in about 4 hours pull apart the port with two forks . Very good !
 I grew up in Hawaii and this was the only Char Siu sauce my family and friends ever used . Now that I 'm living in Louisiana I have to get it shipped here . I 've tried so many different brands of Char Siu sauce while living here and none can compare ... not even close . So simple to use . I just place chicken thighs in a pot , pour the sauce over , add a little water and cook on med heat until the chicken is super tender . This is the best stuff !
 It is second nature for me to check ingredients before purchasing a product . I am pleased overall with the ingredient listing of this product and really like the taste . I am not sure where they get their yeast extract because this term can be a `` hidden '' form of MSG , but have not had a problem using this product . The corn ingredient is organic , so I am willing to think it not GMO . I was very glad to see they use sea salt . The fact they use sea salt was one of the reasons I bought this product . Rapunzel products are very tasty and , in my opinion , one of the best for making a good soup or broth.Many people avoid salt thinking it is a good thing . The harmful `` salt '' to avoid is the product we grew up with , you know , the `` salts '' in boxes off the grocery store shelf . The body does n't recognize or break down the heated , hardened crystals of these unnatural , refined so-called salts . The salts found in nature will quickly dissolve in liquids and are recognized and used by the body . Sea salts , Himalayan salts , etc. also contain minerals and are beneficial and I have used these `` real '' salts with no problem at all for many years . Do some research on the internet and discover the healing properties of natural salts .
 I did not realize SALT - not vegetables - was the major ingredient . One serving is 35 % of the daily requirement of sodium . Not good.It tastes pretty good - nicely flavored salt ! Other than sodium , it has no nutrients listed .
 This is an excellent all around seasoning product that I use a lot of . My only complaint is that I think the sodium content is a little high , therefore I make sure to use plenty of liquid with whatever I am adding this to so that it 's not too salty . I wish Rapunzel offered this broth product in a jar with lower sodium . I use other Rapunzel products , they are always top-notch .
 Terrific product . Takes up little room in the cabinet and always handy to turn water into a tasty vegetable broth .
 This should be a staple in every vegetarian kitchen . It has a wonderful taste for soups , casseroles , & etc. . . I always have this on hand . The only thing to watch for is the high salt content . If you need a lower salt broth , try the Seitenbacher brand .
 This broth has been a staple in my pantry for about five years now . I use it in soups , stews , pilafs , casseroles , mashed potatoes , curries , sauces and more . Because I use so much of it I was pleased to find that I could get it in quantity and also in powder form , which is easier to deal with than the cubes when using large quantities . I am no longer a strict vegetarian but still eat like one for the most part , and while I can use this to fine effect in dishes containing meat , fish or poultry , it is nice to know that I can easily acommodate my vegan and vegetarian friends with few or no adjustments to my recipes by using this instead of non-veg broths as a seasoning staple . Could n't do without it !
 This vegetable broth has a great flavor and I use it in everything . I have been using it for years and I have n't found anything else on the market that compares .
 I like the fact that this product is all organic and tastes OK but is very salty . If you use this product , you pretty much ca n't add anymore salt to your dish . I prefer the taste of Seitenbacher 's vegetable broth powder over this - it has more flavor and is far less salty . Do n't get me wrong , this is a fine product but if you want more flavor , less salt , go for Seitenbacher -LRB- I wrote a more in depth review on that product 's page -RRB- .
 I bought this because I felt bad every time using broth cubes -LRB- I used ones from Rapunzel as well -RRB- , because of the palm oil . This is powdered , so there is no palm oil , and I use it a lot -LRB- mostly when making seitan , rice and other dishes that call for broth -RRB-
 Is useful every day in many dishes to get it tasty.I think is best one in organics , I tryed many and this one is the winner
 this broth powder is vegetarian , organic and delicious . it finds its way in to all sorts of things . my favorite use is as a simple seasoning for lightly cooked or steamed vegetables . everyone who has tried it loves it !
 These flowers were a gift for my mom for mother 's day , and they were just terrific !! The lillies were beautiful , some open some buds ... looks like they will last a long time .
 I have n't seen the flowers yet , but I sent them to my mom for Mother 's Day . She just called raving about the flowers -- she really loves them ! They got to her sooner than I hoped/thought -LRB- I ordered them on Monday and they arrived to her on Wednesday -RRB- , but better sooner than later . She loves them ! Thank you for making her Mother 's Day a great day -- early !
 This is a great flower arrangement and will impress anybody receiving it . With proper watering and maintenance , the flowers will last two weeks or more . This is one of the top two arrangements I prefer as a gift .
 I got this assortment for my parents , and they were a huge hit . They loved the flavors . The cookies were gone in about 24 hours , and they 've requested them for any occasion , or no occasion at all - they just want some more ! Recommended !
 These cookies were delicious . I especially liked the butter cookies with the fruit filling and wished there were more of those in the box . All were very yummmy .
 I do n't usually eats cake or cookies , so when I do , they have to be special . These qualified and then some . Rich but not too rich . Just what I wanted .
 I 'm happy that I was able to find this because none of the health food stores seem to carry it . My husband and I try to never buy corn products that are n't organic because of the big bad Monsanto !
 some dishes need a slurry of cornstarch to thicken a sauce . at least now i know i 'm not putting harmful gmos in my family when i use this lil cooking cheat : -RRB-
 I purchased the product because of the 45 calories a serving . When they arrived I was a little taken back by the thickness of the crisps . They are pretty bland by themselves but I have been topping them as a snack in place of breakfast and lunch and it has been tying me over till dinner . They are proving to be very filling , and again , 45 calories per large cracker . If you 're looking for a replacement for lunch in an effort to lose weight then I would suggest giving this a shot , but you will have to experiment with low calorie toppings to go along with it .
 These are so tasty ... . good for topping with a nice sharp Cheddar . Handy to keep in the car for a quick crunch .
 These crackers are tasty and healthy my whole family eats them for breakfast or lunch with many different toppings , such as peanut butter , jelly , Nutella cream cheese or you can make little sandwiches with cold cuts . They are a little too crunchy but you get used to them . Also they have good Fiber content . We 've been buying these for the past 6 months . Amazon has the best prices and service . Thank you Amazon . -LRB- No I do not work for Amazon nor do I have stock in the company -RRB- But it feels like THEY WORK FOR ME !
 Tasty , crisp , hearty and filling ; fiber , no fat and moderately low sodium content make it healthy , too . I often make a light meal of two of these with a slice of cheese and some fresh fruit and vegetables . Spread on some peanut butter -LRB- or low-fat cream cheese -RRB- and jam for a snack with a mug of coffee , tea or milk ; tasty and beats cookies or Pop Tarts for nutrition . Hard to choose between these and the Wasa Multi-Grain crackers , except the Hearty rye crackers have a bit less sodium -LRB- 70mg vs 80mg -RRB- . As much as I like them , I 'll admit that without a topping or accompanying soup , they 're a bit on the dry side.Mine arrived two business days after I ordered them , with no breakage .
 This is excellent . The flavor , the crunch , the thickness - it ca n't be beat for a delicious crispbread . I eat low-carb and the crispbreads fit into a healthy plan -LRB- if you allow yourself whole-grains , unlike the Paleo diet -RRB- . I am limiting my carbs to 50 or less per day so this is an occasional treat crispbread . I rely on the Wasa Fiber for everyday eating although this one is still my favorite , bar-none ! Ideas : - Spread cream cheese and top with salmon or tuna and cucumber slices . -LRB- I do just cream cheese and cukes also -RRB- - Top with tuna , chicken , egg , or salmon salad for an open faced sandwich . - Peanut or any nut butters and jam makes a delicious PBJ open faced sandwich . - Spread brie , goat cheese , or cream cheese and top with lunch meat . - Leftover roasted chicken , beef or lamb and cheese makes a delish open faced sandwich . - Hummus , Tzatziki , Eggplant spread or Ratatouille is tasty on top of your crispbread .
 I love Wasa crisp bread and this is my favorite kind . It 's thick and crunchy with a good rye flavor . Tastes wonderful with cheese and deli sandwich meat . I use this for homemade `` lunchable '' type meals in one of my two-tier bento boxes , 2 slices of this , with fruit in silicone cups on top , top layer , cheese and meat and some vegetables . It 's tasty , quick , and easy and low fat depending on the kind of cheese you use .
 High in fiber , great for diabetics with low salt and sugar . Kind of cruchy but great flavor . Excellent for dieting to keep the carbs low and yet provide a sense of fullness without exceeding calorie restrictions .
 We had tried this product from our grocery store but decided to order from Amazon . What a great deal ! A healthy delicious cracker at a `` you ca n't beat it '' price !
 This crispbread is enjoyed every day . It does n't get any better . Low in calories , high in fiber just full of goodness !!! Thank you Amazon for an excellent price and free shipping .
 My grandpa used to tell stories about eating this stuff in his Army days . They called it `` hardtack '' or just simply `` tack '' . It also seems to be a Swedish staple food . I grew up in Texas so it is kind of hard to find around here , especially the hearty rye kind . One time I went to purchase a few packages of it at the local `` gourmet food and liquor '' store and the cashier warned me someone had returned it because it was `` stale '' . I told her that they must have been clueless , cause that 's how its SUPPOSED to taste . The stopped carrying it soon after . I 'll just have to start special-ordering it . It 's cheaper here , anyway . . I 've tried many other Wasa crispbreads and I always come back to this one . Nothing compares to the hearty rye . It has a very thick , satisfying crunch and a nice , bland rye flavor . I eat it with anything and everything , or even by itself . It 's great if you spread butter on it and eat it with soup . Other examples
 Yes , these crackers may look like they would be a great replacement for your old roof shingles or last well into the next millenium in your cabinets safe and sound , so make sure you eat these with some care to avoid accidentally tearing into your gums
 Very tasty , very healthy and very good for bowel movement ! I stack up on this one and bought several boxes . Everyone who I offer it like it !
 I 've been eating Wasa Hearty Rye since I first found it in Europe 20 years ago as a teen -LRB- `` ooh , what 's that , it looks yummy '' -RRB- and when I returned to the US in my early 20s I kept buying it.Lately in my area of WA state , the `` Hearty Rye '' is no longer available , and nor is the `` Hearty '' crispbread.I found the Hearty Rye here on Amazon with a `` Hurry only three boxes left '' - I bought two of them , then noticed that everyone was rating THIS Wasa 5 stars and talking about it being Rye . I 've had this kind before and wondered because it tasted like `` Hearty Rye '' but it only says `` Hearty '' on it.Now this kind is n't available in this area anymore either : -LRB- I love Ak-Mak Sesame Crackers and have been eating those , but now that I can get `` Hearty '' here on Amazon ... and know that it is the old `` Hearty Rye '' I can have what I 've loved for so many years , low carb , high fiber , and if this is indeed the equivalent of the old Hearty Rye - no wheat either . If anyone knows if this is the exact equivalent , please do leave a comment , they seem to be the same , but then why did they phase out the name `` Hearty Rye '' and replace it with just `` Hearty '' -LRB- Hearty could be hearty anything ... any grain at all or several of them , it 's unclear from the name , whereas `` Hearty Rye '' you knew that it was Hearty Rye ; -RRB- I 'm not complaining , I love Wasa products , it 's just that I 've always loved Hearty Rye the best , with a few ounces of tuna salad , some lettuce and tomato , perhaps a slice of avocado and 1 Hearty Wasa , you have a healthy under 300 calorie meal . No one needs or should eat more than 2-3 ounces of protein at a time , and eating 4-5 `` mini-meals '' throughout the day is far healthier than sitting down in the evening and eating 8 ounces of beef or chicken or even fish ; too much , much too much.Our dinner plates are almost a third larger than dinner plates in Europe and the rest of the world . Our `` salad '' plates are what I 'd use for a dinner plate -LRB- a bit small if you have vegetables , but they can go in a bowl.Ack , tangent ; the point is that these are wonderful , low calorie , healthy , low glycemic index , high fiber , relatively low sodium , and as someone else pointed out , they just do n't go bad . I 'll spread a low fat Moo-Cow Cheese -LRB- I do n't know what they 're really called , they 've always been `` Moo-Cow Cheese '' - the round box with the red cow 's head and eight wedges of cheese inside ? Spreadable , and the calorie version has - I think 30 calories each ; whereas an ounce of regular full fat cheese is far more . Or take fresh lettuce , top with tuna and eat with Wasa , or fresh Haas avocado , a little bit of lemon and a few grains of salt -LRB- or not if you prefer -RRB- on Wasa is absolutely delicious and super healthy . We need to eat fat in our diets , but we DO N'T need animal fat -LRB- except for fish , fish oil -RRB- we can get our needs met through , in particular , FLAX seed oil and flax seed in general . Put a tablespoon or two into your oatmeal and let it cook for a moment or more -LRB- add a bit more water it will thicken it -RRB- or in soups . Some eat it in yoghurt but I 'm not a fan of `` crunchy yoghurt '' - I wonder if Wasa has a Flax Seed Crispbread ? Probably not , as the Flax seed has oil in it , and would go bad ... and Wasa Flatbreads/Crispbreads are all about not going bad.I 've meandered and gone over other things , the main point is this is the one of the healthier things you can eat - and if you really want bread , Dave 's Killer Bread -LRB- the healthiest variety of all the healthy varieties , all of them are very very healthy -- is Powerseed , the red label -RRB- Unfortunately Amazon does n't sell it , but Costco does and here 's a link to the website
 I have crackers every morning with my coffee . My husband has crackers every morning with his tea . We differ on our taste for crackers as well as on our taste for beverages . We both want a full grain cracker . But , my husband enjoys the Wasa Crispbread , Hearty crackers . Me ... not so much . I far prefer the Finn Crisp variety . The four stars above reflect his review . In short , if you prefer a thick cracker , go for Wasa . If you like the crackers to be crispy and not so dry ... go for Finn Crisp or something similar .
 These are excellent crackers with high fiber content . As we eat these regularly in our household - I like to purchase by the case . Stay fresh and well packed in own case . I have no problem -LRB- as yet -RRB- with broken crackers or damaged product . My only disappointment me is cost as I have found them for $ 2.00 per package on sale at Fresh Market and regular price at World Market is $ 1.99 . Awaiting an Amazon price drop to stock up again ...
 I took the Wasa `` Hearty '' packaging to Recology in So . San Francisco and was told it can be composted . So , I use it as a garbage bag , keeping it in my refrigerator until the evening before the compost bin is picked up . The result is no garbage smells and no dirty Recology composting bin .
 I love Wasa crispbread and found this offer for bulk purchase to be much less expensive than buying them individually at the grocery store .
 I received these free of charge from Wasa in order to do a review & post about it on my blog , read here - http://dailyvitaminf.blogspot.com/2011/12/wasa-review-giveaway.html.When I first tried these , I thought the texture was similar to stale bread . Althought the texture is extremely crunchy , the taste is great . There are so many ways to eat them -LRB- if you look at the recipes on their blog -RRB- & a lot of them are sooo good . If you are looking for a healthy snack , Wasa breads are the way to go . Even better than the crispbreads are the flatbreads . They are more like crackers , but have the `` healthy '' appeal .
 I am hooked on WASA Hearty Rye Crisp bread because it is crisp , it is always the same , it will keep forever , it is economical , it contains a high degree of silicon which is a desired nutrient , not available to the same degree as it is in 100 % rye . It is economical , and I have it auto shipped to me by Amazon.It does ` nt get any better than that .
 We love Coffee Masters . We 've tried many other coffees thru Amazon but keep coming back to Coffee Masters . It is smooth , very pleasing to the palate and a good buy too . I 've just ordered this flavor again !
 We were first introduced to this brand when we tried theCoffee Masters Flavored Coffee , Highlander Grogg , Whole Bean , 12-Ounce Bags -LRB- Pack of 4 -RRB- , which has become our favorite coffee . When I came back to order more , I was intrigued by the description of this flavor , and decided to try it , too . This is also excellent . The beans are rich and glossy out of the package , and the flavor and aroma hold up well in the brewing process . Another keeper from Coffee Masters .
 A couple years ago I tried Coffee Masters and found it to be a great coffee . At that time I never drank coffee but I had opened a Bookstore and a small coffee shop and needed a good coffee . I found Coffee Masters and have never looked back . Yes it cost a little more than some other coffees but the taste bets all . It does n't have a strong coffee taste and it is just plain great.You need to give it a try , I like it so well I wish I could be a salesperson for it .
 I was forced to find another coffee brand that carried Cappuccino flavored ooffee after my usual supplier went out of business . Coffee Masters met my expectations . Their coffee is smooth and delicious .
 I 'm not extensively experienced in the matter of whole wheat pasta , but within my judgement , this is good stuff . I 've been fully content with the taste , and the texture.And notice , it 's from Italy , the true home of expert pasta.The AMZN price seems pretty good . After the discount when they ran the grocery promo , it came out to just barely over $ 1/box . A box makes for an ample amount , at that.One particular feature I like in this product is the box packaging . Receiving a whole case , it 's satisfying to be able to get these stacked in neat , clean rows in a kitchen cupboard . -LRB- In contast , dealing with a big number of unwieldy bags of pasta makes for a really clumsy filing predicament . -RRB-
 As with their 100 % whole wheat elbow macaroni , DaVinci 's spirals are the closest in flavor and texture to regular spirals of any whole wheat product I 've tried . There 's no overwhelming flavor nor grainy texture . DaVinci makes eating healthy a pleasure !
 I have had horrible whole-wheat pasta and actually believed all whole-wheat pasta was inherently gross and mushy . After joining weight watchers I decided to give it one more try . I am really glad I did . My 13 year old does n't even notice and my husband and I like it better.The texture is good and so is the flavor . My new favorite!Don ' t overcook .
 Linoleic Acid is an essential fatty acid - the human does n't make it . Not everyone eats enough vegetable oil in their food to get the 12-18 grams needed daily . Safflower oil is usually refined -LRB- high oleic -RRB- to make it good for frying . This one is unique in that it is not refined and so has a very high proportion of linoleic acid . Excellent way to get an essential nutrient .
 So I orginally bought this oil for my hair and it works perfectly fine because its 100 percent pure olive oil , I accidentally left it on the kitchen table going off to work one day and my husband used it for a brownie mix cause we were out of vegetable oil that the recipe required and oh my gosh this olive oil made my brownies come out moist in the inside with a light crisp on top I rate this olive oil 5 stars all the way there is nothing bad I can say about this brand . Also has a light smell that 's not overpowering . If you are looking for olive oil a lil on the pricey side its worth the money .
 Wasa Crispbread is light , crunchy and full of flavor ! We 've loved them for years . They go fast around our house !
 I first learned to like Wasa crackers -LRB- or crispbreads , as they 're called -RRB- from my old Finnish surrogate mother . But I never took them very seriously until a year ago when my doctor put the heat on me to lower my carbs and lose some weight . Actually , the doctor scared the hell out of me . So I got serious . Since then , I have essentially quit eating bread . But , I like sandwiches for lunch . What to do ? Voila ! Everything that I used to eat on bread , I now eat on a Wasa -- and sesame is my favorite flavor . So with no real effort -LRB- other than switching to Splenda instead of sugar -RRB- , I 'm down 30 pounds in a year . I 'm wearing clothes that I have n't worn in five years .
 The Wasa Sesame Crispbread is the very BEST I have ever eaten . I am totally addicted to them and have gotten most of my friends hooked on them as well . It is wonderful to order them by the case from Amazon , they are fresher than what you can buy in the stores and less expensive , too . What a winning combination !!!
 The sesame is the best of the Wasa varieties , in my humble opinion . My partner and I eat it by the case ! It 's good for you -- lots of fiber . And you ca n't beat Amazon 's price !
 These things are fantastic . The perfect platform for delivering all sorts of goodies into your body :--RRB- . The only knock , IMO , is the hike in prices . $ 24 last fall for a pack of 12 -LRB- Sesame -RRB- . $ 36 now .
 low carbohydrate counts , high fiber content , and delightful flavor makes THIS product an ideal addition to ones diabetic nutrition paradigm to aid in dealing well with the condition
 Great crackers for a snack . Could do with more sesame seeds . I understand there is a shortage of sesame seeds this year .
 I 've been eating WASA and other crisp breads for a long time , but I usually get the whole grain ones . Got these at the store once and really liked them , especially because I love sesame seeds . My family also really likes these , and my friends and guests really like them , too . In fact , I bought this case of WASA to share with them , as I prefer the really heavy , hearty WASAs . WASA breads can be served in many ways
 I was first introduced to Wasa Sesame Crispbread in Sweden last year , and when I came home to the US found them online and ordered a case . My wife has Croan 's disease and has a hard time eating any bread products and is able to have these with no ill effects . This is not only my favorite bread now but also my wife 's , and 1 year old granddaughters . These are excellent with meats , cheese and most every dip we have tried . We have tried the other Wasa crackers and have found them to be just so-so . The Sesame crackers are always in demand and will keep ordering cases .
 Wasa Crisp Bread is an ideal product that is low sodium and high fiber that satisfies most nutritional needs . I buy it due to past cardiac problems . I buy it from Amazon since the grocery stores do n't always carry the full range of WASA products . Amazons quick service and very competitive prices are always welcome .
 This is a pretty good soup mix . It 's the typical variety of beans , split peas and dried vegetables plus a seasoning pack . Very easy to make - bring 7 cups of water to a boil , add the beans , simmer for 2 hours , and add the seasoning pack about 10 minutes before it 's done . Good flavor - not spicy , but not bland either . Does not taste salty but , if you 're on a sodium-restricted diet , note that the sodium count is pretty high -LRB- 660mg -RRB- . It is not , however , what I would call hearty . There 's only 6 ounces of beans , so when you add 7 cups of water you 're getting a pretty thin soup . But , you can easily dress it up a bit . I use the soup as a base , and add in things such as rice , pasta , diced potatoes , diced ham , shredded chicken , greens -LRB- such as swiss chard , spinach or kale -RRB- , fresh or frozen vegetables , and so on . Not all at once , of course - just toss in whatever is hanging around the fridge or pantry . A dash or two of hot sauce often hits the spot as well . Making it with 50 % water and 50 % stock -LRB- either chicken or turkey -RRB- also helps put a bit more hearty into the pot.If you use this as a starter and dress it up , it 's well worth getting , especially if you can get it on one of the sharply discounted sale prices . On its own it tastes good , but it 's way too watery to be considered a hearty soup .
 I try to be creative and add additional ingredients and seasoning to personalize the soup . Having said that , this is a great soup mix.I was concerned about MSG , and asked the company
 Like the other reviewers the name IS deceiving . This is not the `` stick to your ribs '' bean soup Grandma made in the winter . You really MUST take the previously mentioned suggestions and add more goodies to it to make it HEARTY . You need 2 hours after the water has boiled until it 's ready to eat ... NOT a quick after-work meal . However , with the 50 % off sale price AND free super saver shipping it 's a deal at about 20 bucks plus or minus!I ca n't find the Expiration/Sell by date . After having `` interesting pets/pests '' arrive with a couple AMAZON fulfilled purchases , I 'm not comfortable they 're watching the dates themselves . There 's no way to know UNTIL the items arrive , but customer service will do their best to address any problems or concerns .
 I agree with the other reviewer that it is n't exactly `` hearty , '' but it is very good for a side dish or appetizer . I 'll give it 5 stars for a nutritious and tasty packaged soup -- without msg or other deadly ingredients often found in other soup mixes . Sodium is the only `` bad , '' but it 's a good soup .
 I 've been using this product for several years . As a house-husband I do 98 % of the cooking -LRB- as well as the dishwashing , laundry , etc. -RRB- . I thought that when my wife retired she 'd do more of the cooking ; after all , she 's the one who had the cooking lessons . < sigh > Howsomeverdiddleypoop -LRB- with 28 cats , five newborn kittens and more coming , there 's enough poop around here to justify a word like that -RRB- , while I worried she 'd be underfoot it has n't worked out that way . I barely see her . Between her computer farm and zoo management -LRB- !!! -RRB- and her cat breeding and care duties she has n't time for cooking ... BTW , as a geriatric internist , when she went into cat breeding the first thing she did was to order a book on the internal medicine of the cat . -LRB- She breeds and shows the Chartreux , the blue cat of France . -RRB- I toss one of these lovely herb bundles into each stew or soup I make . They improve the taste immensely . Also , the balance of herbs and spices is better than I would achieve doing it myself .
 Recently , I purchased a cookbook by Donatella Arpaia . One of the dishes was macaroni and cheese , normally simple fare . My son loves mac and cheese , so I decided to try this recipe . One problem
 A nutritionist recommended truffle oil to me as a healthy alternative to butter . I do n't use a lot of butter to begin with but am always looking for ways to improve my diet and I do like popcorn with butter , it 's kind of my `` downfall '' Well , the nutritionist recommended truffle oil I then e-mailed her and asked her `` which one '' white or dark truffle ? She said both are good , the white is milder . I have only used this on a couple of items so far . I 've used it on steamed pot stickers and on some bow tie pasta . I must say , it is the most delicious condiment ... I never would have dreamed that a flavored olive oil could be so magnificent ! And fortunately , a little bit goes a long way because it is , as you can see , rather expensive . I have n't tried it on popcorn yet . Instead I bought some of the 100 calorie Jiffy Pop Microwave Kettle Corn -LRB- also available from Amazon and also recommended by my nutritionist -RRB- . It too is great and needs not butter or anything added.You really should try truffle oil . I do n't know how this particular brand measures up to the other brands but I can tell you this Plantin White Truffle infused oil is delicious . I believe you can buy this product with confidence . I am going to order some more but I 'm going to order the dark truffle instead just so I 'll experience the difference.One final note
 Fantastic White Truffle Oil been using it on pasta makes it soo light and yummy !!!
 Incredible flavor of Europe in America . This is honestly great coffee and a treat at anytime during the day . It is a pod and therefore you are not wasting a pot of coffe but enjoying one cup at a time . WE LOVE this coffee ! It is rich in flavor , and one of the greatest treasures you can give yourself everyday!A MUST for the coffee lovers of the world!We were Doughe Egbert users in Holland 15 years ago and currently today . DELIGHTED TO SEE IT IS AVAILABLE STATESIDE !
 This is some very good coffee . I am very picky about my coffee , but this stuff was very nice , smooth , and never bitter.I was surprised by how good it tasted.Give it a shot . It 's not as full-bodied as a nice freshly brewed cup of Peet 's , but it will suffice for those early morning rushes to the office when you do n't have time to stand in line behind 70 people on their cell phones ordering Venti Nonfat Mocha Lattes with organic whip cream made in Madagascar or some other pretentious American cup of crap made with 90 % syrup , 10 % coffee.If you want some no-nonsense java , this is a nice , fast way to go .
 Have been using Senseo system for the past year.The greattaste always stays the same because You do n't have to worryabout the ratio of water to the amount of coffee You put in.The machine does it for You.In the morning I use the twocup button for a larger cup of coffee and at night I usethe one cup button and the nice little cups that come withthe machine.Plus if You add a little sambuca in the littlecup You have an out standing cup of coffee , the same goes foran Irish coffee.The only drawback is the coffee price is a little high andit would be nice if they made an espresso brand of coffee .
 What a deal ! We now brew delicious individual cups of coffee each day , with no waste and no bother . Even gave one to my son this Christmas . He is very particular with coffee , loves the froth , gave very high grades . Thanks , Senseo
 I was n't a coffee drinker until I found Senseo ! I love it ! I have one pod worth of coffee -LRB- 4 oz -RRB- and 16 oz of milk every morning , and I think it 's better than Starbucks !!
 I ca n't live without my Senseo , but you can get the pods much cheaper at Target .
 The Senseo individual cup coffee maker and the coffe pods havetransformed our appreciation for coffee . I actually take it with me when travelling and I 've made it available as a benefit for my employees at the business I own .
 If you like a milder coffee than this is the one for you . I love coffee but it does n't like me so I was in the habit of adding water to it after it was brewed . I had just purchased a new Senseo Coffee Pot and had a sample of the mild pod . It was great and I been using it for the last two years . It has a rich flavor but yet it is mild . I recommend it to anyone.Linda Johnson
 of the regular Senseo coffees . I guess I just prefer milder coffee , but this is my favorite way to start the day . Senseo rules !
 Love this coffee . Ca n't find it anywhere in town -LRB- Winn Dixie , Wal-Mart or Publix -RRB- I am refering to the `` Mild . '' My only complaint is that twice now I have gone to order more and you are out of the `` Mild . '' Please try to keep it in stock so I do n't have to order it elsewhere . Thanks , Tina
 You can make it stronger or weaker depending on what you 're in the mood for , and it works both ways .
 This coffee and the whole Senseo coffee system has won us over . We have used Senseo for over a year , and would n't go back to the waste of pot-by-pot coffee making . We have tried third party coffee pods , but keep coming back to these Senseo pods . We just bought our second Senseo coffee maker .
 I love these pods for my Senseo coffee machine . One grocery store near me sells these -LRB- the others do not -RRB- and they only have two choices of flavors , so I was really happy to see all the options here . I love the Paris -LRB- vanilla -RRB- and the Vienna -LRB- Hazelnut -RRB- . The Vienna is a little stronger coffee flavor , which I like , but some may not . My husband prefers the Paris , and we buy the mild roast for every day . The medium is too dark for my husband , and the mild is very smooth and just right . The price on Amazon is much , much better than buying them in the grocery store as well .
 Since the main markets do n't carry the mild pods , it is so perfect to be able to order them on Amazon . Arrival and packaging
 If you are an avid coffee drinker & are looking for something new to try , this is it ! Great price & great taste . Definitely one to keep on hand . Makes a great cup hot or iced !
 I really like Senseo brand coffee pods . I used the purchase them in th grocery store but I can no longer find them.It is a good way to purchase them .
 Coffee has a magic characteristic - it make you feel more awake and focusedCoffee is made from coffee beanstherefore coffee beans are magic beansSenseo pods are not only magic - they are convenient and tastyConvenient , tasty and magic - that about sums it up .
 very happy with this . typical good senseo product . Works consistent and as usual comes out good . I wish they make these for a long time
 Great coffee , easy to use . There is an easy clean up and I think the coffee tastes great . I have n't tried the other flavors yet .
 I love the French Vanilla in this brand , Senseo . I am not as crazy about the medium roast . It is convenient and consistent in flavor .
 This Dutch coffee is just good !!! These pods are made of paper , NO pollution like all the others with their plastic cups !!!!
 The Douwe Egbert coffee makers medium roast is the best complement you can find for your breakfast . It makes everything taste better ! It smells great and tastes great .
 Senseo Pods are no longer available locally . I am thrilled I still have a way to get them . Arrived fast and fresh .
 For my taste this is a great coffee.I have had a lot of other different coffee but this one is it for me .
 I 've been buying this coffee for several years because I like it and because it 's packaged to stay fresh . I 'll keep buying it until I stop buying coffee . My family thinks it 's great .
 Use them all the time . They are very expensive . Senseo coffee pods while handy are not the ecomomicle way to make coffee
 Great coffee ... . Do n't know why they stopped selling these coffee pods in the store . I thought I was gong to have to trash my coffee machine until I found my favorite coffee on Amazon !
 These pods are great and work the way they ought to , but are very hard to find locally in the store .
 Loved them and worked perfect . Tasted good , too.Varities are goot although I only got a couple types the plain coffees alopng with the Decaf . All were good .
 I have been using these pods for well over a year . They make good coffty , you can get a variety of flavors if you like . Again , Amazon was cheaper than the Sensco.com website ?
 This is my standard coffee from Senseo . It 's really good . Everyone I have made this for has enjoyed it immensely . Why is it so hard to find ?
 Senseo Coffee Pods make an amazing cup of coffee and they 're biodegradable too ! Unlike the &#34; cartridge &#34; versions needed with the much more expensive coffee makers , Senseo has a winning combination of coffee pod and maker .
 Purchased this product for my Mom because she was having a hard time finding it in the stores after getting the Coffee Pod Coffee Maker for her Birthday . It came within a few days which was sooner than I thought it would get here .
 I am a real coffee lover and am hooked on Senseo coffee . My regular coffee pot is gathering dust in the corner of my kitchen . I recently tried Sumatra and just fell in love with it . If you like the real taste of coffee you 'll love it as much as I do . Highly recommend this .
 My husband said this is the best coffee he 's ever tasted , and he should know , first thing in the morning ... . coffee , during the day ... . coffee , and before bed ... . yep , coffee ... . it is a good coffee i think for myself .
 Best coffee out there for the price . A little pricey if compared with a 2 # can of ground coffee , but no comparison with the flavor . This coffee tastes like `` good '' restaurant coffee . I purchased the filter for my senseo that allows me to use regular coffee , but the taste difference is so extreme that I always use the pods .
 Senseo coffee pods are very user friendly - i like them most of all because of its excellent flavor and ease in making a cup of coffeeI always get compliments from my house guests on the great taste of the medium roast .
 I like their coffee pods a lot , I drink it every morning . Have not tried a variety yet that I did not enjoy . Will continue to buy them , I prefer it over any other coffee I have available here at home . Good product !
 I received a Senseo coffee machine as a present 2 years ago and use it every morning to make my coffee . Amazon is the most reliable source for the Senseo coffee pods . I like the medium brew , I find this to be the best brew for my palate . I usually purchase 3 boxes at a time , each box contains four bags of pods and this amount keeps me happy for quite some time . The coffee these pods make is excellent , with a froth on top . I can only say that this is a great product .
 Until we got our Senseo , we had never heard of this brand of coffee . Now that we 've had our system for a few months , it surpasses any coffee from our regular drip pot . The flavor is exceptional , full bodied & fresh tasting & no messy grounds to clean up . However , the pods are a little pricey . We use them as adjunct coffee ------ regular drip for morning wake up , & Senseo for evening & relax time coffee . You 'd just have to decide for yourself whether the extra expense is worth an extra great cup of coffee ----- for special times , we do .
 I found this coffee at - would you believe - Burger King ? Yes . I tracked down the brand they served and it was Douwe Egberts . I bought the Senseo coffee maker and have used Douwe Egberts ever since . I 'm not the only who loves it , either . Whenever I serve coffee to guests they rave about it too . My daughter 's mother-in-law bought a Senseo because she thought it was the best coffee she 'd ever had . She drinks decaf . You can keep Starbucks . It tastes burnt . You can have `` Blue Mountain '' and all the other premium brands . Douwe Egbert 's is the best , bar none !
 This is the only coffee in my house and the only kind I now drink . Highly recommend this coffee and system
 All right , we today became beneficiaries of a free coffee maker from Senseo , thanks to a generous tip from a favorite of my Amazon friends.But this brand of coffee packets that came with the machine is nothing to write home about . At retail , the packs cost about 23 cents , if we order enough to avoid shipping charges.The smell of this fresh-brewed coffee is fantastic . The taste is less than I had hoped for . I think I 'll try Target 's Archer Farms , as suggested by another reviewer .
 It is sad to see that this product is no longer being distributed in the US . I hope the distributors will reverse their decision .
 Hawaii and Jamaica produce the world 's best coffee . Are n't we lucky that Senseo offers the Kona blend . It 's heavenly !
 a coffee sensory explosion - really nice first thing in morning
 This is definitely a nice treat in the morning . Not too strong , slightly sweet undertones . I definitely recommend it !
 This is probably my favorite flavored coffee & the Senseo pods are the best !
 Out of the five coffee 's I use in the morning , I like this one the best . I also use the dark , espresso , the world mix and I 've tried the coffee duck -LRB- it makes a mess -RRB- . The breakfast blend is always reliable .
 If you enjoy the regular Senseo pods and like a lighter coffee you will enjoy this one .
 This coffee has a great taste , for anytime of the day . The coffee Pods are alot cheaper then the K-cup . Give it a try .
 I am very satisfied with this product . I have ordered it several times . It is a little milder than most of their blends , but still full-bodied .
 This is a great tasting coffee . It gets my day started off on the right foot .
 I have been so annoyed that Amazon has been out of the Folgers pods for months , that I finally decided to try these . I am SO glad I did . Another reviewer said that it compares to Dunkin Donuts coffee , and I agree . It does n't taste exactly like it , but it is very close .
 Just experienced a weekend of Keurig coffee . Watery compared to the Senseo . I actually like the dark roast better than this , but the rest of my crew thinks it 's too strong . We drink A LOT of this in my office . Once you start with Senseo coffee the other stuff tastes like dishwater
 I have very little choices of Senseo pods at our local grocery stores . I have been buying mine from Amazon because of all the choices . It is so easy and I get them right away .
 My family loves this coffee . I enjoy the rich flavor and aroma . It is very convenient to get it once a month also .
 My family loves this coffee . I enjoy the rich flavor and aroma . It is very convenient to get it once a month also .
 This coffee is great and I have had my Senseo for years . I am unable to find the pods locally anymore , so on subscribe and save through Amazon . Love the foam on top of the coffee , I do n't even want regular coffee anymore since I found Senseo years ago .
 -LRB- 1 -RRB- I LOVE MY HAMILTON BEACH ONE CUP BREWER . THE ONLY THING IS THE COMPANY SHOULD HAVE PUT THE VARITY PACK OFSENSEO COFFEE PODS SO THE CUSTOMER CAN DESIDE THEIR FAVARATE ONE .
 Want a great cup of coffee at a fair price ? Try Senseowith a wide selection of flavors . We prefer Breakfastblend or Medium blend for breakfast . Skip the $ 3.00 or $ 4.00 dollars a cup , and put it in your piggy blank !!
 Some may find it a bit pricey if you calculate the cost by the pound but the quality and convenience is there . Senseo offers a variety of flavors and one standard decaf . They are packaged well and easy to use . For ease of use and taste I would stick with these . Also , they can be used in any single serve coffee maker that accepts pods .
 The coffee pods are just fine once I figured out how much water to use . The first several times my coffee was much too weak . I wish I had ordered the stronger ones . Oh well , live and learn .
 I was happy to get the product I ordered right away . Service is excellent ! Much easier than trying to find what I want in the local stores . And , I can modify the flavor , shipment schedule , etc. anytime I want . Could n't be more pleased .
 The Senseo medium roast coffee pods make an excellent cup of coffee every time . It is always fresh . Never old and burnt or sour tasting . One reason is that it makes only one cup at a time . The other being it is an excellent tasting coffee . It is rich without being too strong . Ca n't wait for my cup in the morning . I have the Hamilton Beach coffee maker which uses the Senseo pods . The only problem with that is that it only holds 12 oz . and I like a 14 oz cup . So I just let some go through and then add the other two ounces before I begin making my breakfast . Sarah
 Great coffee ... I 've been ordering these coffee pods for over a year now and wo n't ever change . I 've tried 4 other coffee flavors and they are all real good but I keep returning to the Sumatra blend .
 Recently tried the Senseo hazelnut coffee pods . What a treat . My friends really enjoy having a cup of this coffee . With a dab of of whipped cream on the top , it is perfect .
 Best coffee and great to have a hot cup even when it 's a second or third cup . Could n't get that even with a carafe coffee pot . The automatic delivery from Amazon is better price-wise than even WalMart and it does n't get more convenient than that .
 I 've had a hard time finding the original senseo coffee from grocery stores , they stock it , but it 's always cleaned out soon after they stock the shelves . Got a bunch from Amazon and it 's fresh and delicious . Excellent flavor and aroma .
 Senseo Douwe Egberts Dark Roast Coffee Pods , 18-Count Packages -LRB- Pack of 4 -RRB- This coffee is delicious and the pods are so easy to use .
 I enjoy to whole pod brewing process . It 's quick , it 's easy and the coffee is great . After trying the whole array of coffee blends available from Senseo , I keep coming back to the Medium Roast . It is my favorite !
 I ordered the variety pack which is very good . But , in the variety pack was Sumatra . Sumatra is winner HANDS DOWN ! Just buy Sumatra and look no further . I tried all of the coffees -LRB- light , medium , dark roast , variety pack -RRB- .
 Finally , Senseo has pods with a full , and rich flavor . These new coffees from around the world take the possibilities to a new level . My favorite thing is to try combinations of various pods . The best so far to my taste is a Columbia paired with this Sumatra.Hope they keep expanding the line !
 Great system for brewing your daily coffee , and the medium roast coffee fits my taste accordingly . I will continue to purchase this product from Amazon . It 's shipped on a consistant basis each month .
 This coffee machine is probably the best coffee maker I 've ever used , so long as you use their coffee pods . I purchased mine from Target ... what a disaster since they do n't keep consistent stock of the recommended coffee pods for this coffee maker . I now purchase my pods from Amazon ... they are dependable , in-stock and tax free .
 I 've tried many different brands of Pod coffee , and the Senseo Brand is the best . The froth is frothier , the flavor is rich and full bodied . It 's a little on the strong side , but that 's fine with me , and the price is reasonable.I love the Senseo coffee maker . One fresh frothy cup at a time . The runner up is Yuban , but it 's hard to find .
 Ok , so my cousin stole his mom 's idea for a Xmas gift for me in 2004 . I had lived with a bunch of roomies at the time , where drama ensued whenever someone used the wrong coffeemaker ... out of the three on our teeny counter ... Now that I am living in my itty bitty studio , I make my senseo coffee every morning . Great taste , nice foam . MMMMMMMM . Now be aware that if you want to fill a mug , you need to use 2 of these pods at the same time . So if you have a big ol' cup o joe in the morn , divide the total pods in the package by 2 to see how long it will last you . I bought them in bulk because they are not as easy to find locally . But I am really glad I did . Enjoy !
 I have used the senseo machine for over a year along with the Douwe Egberts pods . I have tried others like from Java one but I must admit that Douwe Egberts are the best bet for the machine both from a nice fit and taste . Every morning I wake up and look forward for an exciting frothy coffee from senseo . What was I doing all these years with other coffee drippers ? Simply a waste of time , material and not so good coffee ! Also I want to mention that I had quite a bit of difficulty fitting coffee pods from Java one with Senseo machine . But pods from Douwe Egberts work like charm and are the perfect fit for the machine.Cannot wait to drink that fresh true coffee again !
 `` Someone gave me a Senseo machine , so I bought this coffee . I 'm very disappointed with the taste ! It 's bland and dull tasting . Too bad , as I have 4 bags now ! `` This was my previous review . Since then , I gave away the Senseo machine , but I kept the coffee and use it in a cup of hot water I do in the microwave . The coffee is actually good . I guess somehow the machine flavored it . Maybe it 's because the water does n't sit in the coffee for long enough . Using my microwave method , I let the coffee bag brew awhile before pressing it and removing it -- very good taste . Go figure ! Anyway , I 'd recommend this coffee as microwavable bags .
 By far my favorite of the Senseo pods . The introduction of the Kona blend into the rotation at the office Senseo machine has been for the better . It 's not too strong or acidic . For reference , I brew mine with 1 pod and use the 2 cup button on the machine .
 I have used a Senseo Home Brew Coffee machine now for over 6 months . This makes , without a doubt , the best coffee I have ever had . Honestly , I find myself hording the genuine senseo pods for myself and using Starbucks coffee in an adaptor for most guests :-RRB- . Now as I am typing this reiew I am drinking a cup of the medium roast . It is full bodied without and after bite . The froth that is generated while making the coffee is 1/2 '' to 3/4 '' thick . I have found that using other pods decreases not only the froth , but often leaves a slightly sour after taste -LRB- many of the Java pods do this for me -RRB- . You simply ca n't go wrong with any of the Senseo Pods . Truely , an amazing cup of coffee ... does wonders for your roses as well ! I ripped open used pods and spread the grounds on my Roses tree ... It went from near leafless state to one covered in Roses within a week and a 1/2 !
 I switch between the dark roast and medium roast . I think that both make a great cup of coffee . This is definately the easiest system to use and really makes cleanup a snap .
 This is the coffee I wake up to each morning . The taste is spectactular and makes mymorning fantastic . The aroma is great and making one cup so easy and quick . It isalways at my disposal since you send it regularly directly to my house . A great buy.Thanks .
 I used to order these directly from Senseo on a subscription for our office . We received deliveries once a quarter . After 2 `` backorders '' ... 6 MONTHS ... I found other options . The came fast & fresh . Dark blend tastes great . I know lots of people are converting to KCups , but until my machine breaks or they stop making the pods ... we will stick with it !
 I have been drinking Senseo Coffee since it was introduced -LRB- about 8 or 9 years -RRB- . It is coffee the way coffee should taste . It is always consistent -LRB- never any surprizes -RRB- . It is so simple to prepare and there is no mess . Ordering is so simple . A couple of clicks and the order arrives within a couple of days from Amazon .
 I 've tried several other Senseo varieties but have found the medium roast to be my go-to . My only real complaint is the difficulty to find these lately but it looks like that should ease up soon . I still prefer the more custom coffees that I grind at home . -LRB- Regretting that I only brought back 2 lbs of Polcari 's coffee beans from Boston -RRB- . I brew this at work with a Hamilton Beach single brew machine . I 'll drink the fresh ground at home and keep the convenience at work .
 This is my favorite Senseo ! I still like the regular one but this is now my go too and the price is good ! I do wish that Senseo would make a 100 % Kona for an ocassional treat . I know it would be pricey but it would be SO worth it : -RRB-
 Low price . Ca n't seem to buy in the San Francisco Bay Area -LRB- California -RRB- now which is a pain . Just glad I can purchase online and it is delivered quickly .
 I really enjoy the basic flavor of the Senseo coffee , however , I find the pods to be a little weak . Being a `` serious '' coffee drinker , I usually like a large mug of the stuff , and I expect a nice kick when I 've finished . With this product , I have to use two pods every time I make a mug of coffee , which causes me to run through my supply very quickly . And while it tastes good , I do find it rather a weak brew even using the two pods.I 'll continue to use this product , because my machine calls for it . But I do wish Senseo would make their pods a bit stronger . Those who like a weaker brew can always add more cream or water !
 i like to mix this with sumatra blend , makes nice with internationalcoffee creamer , hazelnut .
 Senseo Douwe Egberts Coffee Pods , Variety Pack , 16-Count Packages -LRB- Pack of 4 -RRB- We use it evey day at the office , impress family & friends with their favorite cup of coffee in an instant
 Very good coffee , has a lot of flavor and personality . My favorite of the bunch .
 This is the best tasting coffee I 've ever tasted . Smooth but strong flavor . I do n't buy anything else now .
 Delicious and soooo convenient . In fact , I think I 'll have a cup right now . : -RRB-
 I love this coffee and the Senseo Coffee Machine . The machine brews fast and the pods are delicious , easy , and clean . Dark or medium roast for the morning is a must have eye opener , and capuccino is a great afternoon treat .
 Senseo coffee pods are the best when it comes to taste and ease to make . I am very happy with my Senseo coffee maker and even more so with the pods .
 My favorite Senseo coffee is still its regular mild flavor , but this comes in a close second .
 Best blend and senseo pod yet!Very rich and strong . Tastes incredible.I 'm not sure what the other reviewer who gave it 1 star is talking about . It 's definetely strong and is guaranteed at least 50 % true sumatra . The pads are perfect size for a single 4 OUNCE cup of coffee . It 's not 5 ounces . If you like senseo you will LOVE this blend . My second favorite is regular medium blend .
 These pods make preparing fresh coffee in a literal moment of time as simple as possible .
 I have had my Senseo coffee machine since Christmas and really have grown to like it . It took a few cycyles to get the `` new '' taste out but I soon disliked other coffee at work and other places . I recently purchased 4 bags of the Senseo Breakfast Blend coffee pods - WOW , I love it ! This is MY coffee of choice now ... I highly recommend it and have told many of my friends about it .
 Great Deal on the Pods . Wife uses them in our single cup maker . We 've also set up for subscription shopping . We get a great cup of coffee every day , get a great price , and have it shipped to our home every other month . We never run out.Great Flavor , great price .
 This coffee is delicious and consistently good . I get this product regularly through the subscription saver progam .
 We drink Senseo Douwe Egberts coffee in my house every day . I usually use one pod for my morning coffee , and a `` double '' on the weekend . While I like all the varieties , medium roast is my favorite . We buy it by the 4-pack case in my house.The coffee has good body and is not bitter . I take mine with cream and sugar , but it is so easy to drink I could even go without and it still tastes great to me . The pod system is so clean and easy too . I love the fact that there is no cleanup . I think it would work especially well for someone who doesnt normally drink coffee but would like to have something nice when guests come over . Because the pods come in small lined bags , it stays fresh longer .
 BEST COFFEE ON THE MARKET HAVE IT EVERY MORNING . REALLY LIKE THE EASE OF USE
 I am the only coffee drinker in the house and this coffee maker and coffee works great for me . I love the French Vanilla and the Hazelnut . Best coffee ever !
 Senseo has done it again with another fine product . Pod has a great tast , no after tast and is just what is needed for a morning cup of coffee to get you started .
 This product batch is a great deal . The little single serving coffee pod has saved me in the mornings ! Plus the Breakfast Blend 's mild taste is wonderful ! Will definitely purchase again !
 A favorite for my coffee-loving guests . While I am admittedly a `` tea person '' , I can not differentiate between the coffees that my pod machine produces and my usual coffee maker . A great buy ! I recommend purchasing syrups as well . = DNote to any Senseo owners who are looking to create espressos
 I love using the Senseo pods , but recently I purchased these on Amazon and there are coffee grinds on the bottom of the package . This causes an issue because I have to wipe them off before using them . It 's not a huge ordeal , but I would much rather not have to fuss with something before I can use it . That being said , I do love the product normally .
 These are standard Coffee Pods and are good tasting for the individual size.A single pod is fairly weak for a full-sized cup of coffee , but that is how it is intended .
 Great coffee . Great taste . Great price on amazon . This blend smells great when it 's being made and is one of my favorites .
 My husband and I have been using the Senseo coffee pods for many years now and the Breakfast Blend is one of our favorites to begin our day with . I subscribe to the monthly delivery program as our local stores are frequently out of stock or when they do have the pods , the price is much higher than Amazon 's .
 The Hazelnut and French Vanilla single pods from Senseo are great . They are very flavorful and smell enticing . I would order both of them again.I hope they come out with additional flavors in the future .
 We have a Senseo single cup coffee maker . It 's been difficult finding the pods that go with this unit so we looked on Amazon , and there they were ! Even though our local grocery store now carries them , Amazon 's price is still the best deal . We are on a 6-week automatic plan and it works out perfectly for us ! When I think of all the money we spent prior to finding these pods on Amazon , I am even more determined to check Amazon FIRST before buying anything at a store . You just ca n't beat Amazon 's prices!Senseo Breakfast Blend Coffee , 18-Count Pods -LRB- Pack of 4 -RRB-
 Senseo Sumatra coffee pods are my favorite . I like the bold yet smooth flavor . There is no bitter aftertaste that I get with other coffee that I have tried . Senseo Sumatra coffee is a great coffee to have in the morning to get me ready for the day .
 I do not have a Senseo coffee pod maker.I use a 4cup small MR COFFEE pot and use2 pods for 4 cups of coffee . Works perfectly.I like the SUMATRA coffee a lot ... bold , darkand rich flavor.I add a little bit of BAILEYS IRISH CREAM toeach cup.I have tried the MELITTA coffee pods -- theyare weak and expensive ... but , they do havesome very very interesting flavors.bette b praterokc ok 62 retired
 The Vienna Hazelnut Waltz flavor is a delightful change when I 'm looking to put some pizzazz into my day . The flavor is delightful and not too strong .
 I have used a Senseo Home Brew Coffee machine now for over 6 months . This makes , without a doubt , the best coffee I have ever had . Honestly , I find myself hording the genuine senseo pods for myself and using Starbucks coffee in an adaptor for most guests :-RRB- . Now as I am typing this reiew I am drinking a cup of the medium roast . It is full bodied without and after bite . The froth that is generated while making the coffee is 1/2 '' to 3/4 '' thick . I have found that using other pods decreases not only the froth , but often leaves a slightly sour after taste -LRB- many of the Java pods do this for me -RRB- . You simply ca n't go wrong with any of the Senseo Pods . Truely , an amazing cup of coffee ... does wonders for your roses as well ! I ripped open used pods and spread the grounds on my Roses tree ... It went from near leafless state to one covered in Roses within a week and a 1/2 !
 I switch between the dark roast and medium roast . I think that both make a great cup of coffee . This is definately the easiest system to use and really makes cleanup a snap .
 It 's a blizzardy night in Boston -LRB- we 're getting 18 inches this evening -RRB- and on a whim , my wife and I bought every type of Folgers & Senseo coffee -- determined to figure out which one is the best , and then we 'll just buy that one . Just once and for all.Anyway , the results are subjective , and I 'm not even done yet . But one thing became clear to me and my wife
 I love this coffee ! With the K-cups taking over , the Pods are becoming harder and harder to find . I am so thankful I can still find these online . The Hazelnut flavor is delicious !
 Senseo mismanaged their conversion to online-only selling and promised to have pods available by mid June 2012 . It was July before pods were again available . JANUARY 2013 UPDATE
 I 've tried several Senseo pods and this one , the Kona Blend , is my favorite . It 's very smooth ... not too strong . . not bitter at all . I do enjoy some of the others , as well , but this is the one that I order on a regular basis . I do n't think you 'll be disappointed ! By the way , I use this in the Bunn single serve coffee maker and I have it set to brew extra strong . If you can not set yours to brew extra strong , you may want to choose a stronger blend if you prefer strong coffees .
 I drink my coffee black no suger and this is 10 times better than the dark roast I was drinking , much smoother . Enjoy
 I enjoy this coffee very much . I would recommend this coffee for anyone who likes to drink really good coffee
 I have been using the Senseo coffee pods for a few months now , and have been very satisfied with the flavor and the convenience . For the first month I purchased the variety pack . Then I purchased the Columbian , and now I 'm drinking the Kona blend . The Columbian and the Kona were the types I liked best from the variety pack , and I believe I will alternate between them for future purchases . I now receive the Senseo coffee by subscription which I have found to be a good way to make sure I do n't run out of coffee .
 Good for what it is , a quick cup of coffee with a slightly different flavor . The 10 % blend is n't quite enough to really make a huge impact on the taste .
 This flavor is delicious ! My favorite way to drink this is to take about a 1/4 cup of heavy cream -LRB- whipping cream -RRB- and heat it in a saucepan just to boiling and mix with a cup of this lovely hazelnut coffee . It makes a wonderful , rich and aromatic cup of joe . Yum !! The Paris VanillaSenseo Paris French Vanilla Coffee , 16-Count Pods -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- is equally as good , but for you fellow hazelnut lovers , the drink I just described as my fav is worth trying . You 'll love it !
 I previously purchased this as a set with 3 other different kinds of pods . This and the breakfast blend I enjoyed the most . The Kona Blend has a little bit of sweetness to it , with bold flavor . It has quickly become my favorite flavor .
 Love these things ... ca n't find these flavors in the stores . Amazon price only slightly higher than buying directly from the store , but well worth it since they -LRB- local groceries -RRB- seem to only carry 2 flavors at any given time .
 This Medium Roast offers a rich , full bodied flavor that is not watery . It is my pick for breakfast coffee . The pods are easy to use , priced reasonably and are available for automatic delivery delightfully spoiling us . I intend to branch out and try other flavors/types in the Senseo brand.Enjoy !
 Love this coffee . It is very tasty . I just wish it made a bigger cup of coffee with one pod . I can get a pretty tasty 6-8 ozs with one . Any bigger and the coffee just taste watery.The first box I receieved was the wrong coffee , Amazon sent me the right coffee very quickly , with out any hassle . Very good customer service .
 Bought a single serve coffee maker that came with this coffee . I really liked the coffee & bought it locally at two different stores . Now , noone sells this coffee or any other pod coffee . They got me addicted to it and took it out of the stores . Hope they do n't take it off the internet or I 'll have to stop drinking coffee . Love the taste .
 I have tried pods that are n't made for the Senseo machine and have often had steam blown out and boiling water leaks . I 'm addicted to the frothy cup that the Senseo machine makes and would n't switch to a Kcup brewer . -LRB- the pods are also more ecologic than plastic Kcups and can be preserved well in any jar with a tight fitting lid -RRB- This Kona is rich and flavorful , but not strong enough for my taste . I supplement it with about a quarter tsp of instant coffee -- sometimes decaf and sometimes espresso .
 When I moved into my apartment , this coffee came with my single cup brewer . Imagine my shock when it was n't ANYWHERE in stores ! I found the perfect solution here , and order it as needed!This coffee is so smooth , lasts long , and is delivered fast !
 I am extremely pleased with my purchase of Senseo Sumatra . It has the bold flavor that I enjoy in the morning . I highly recommend this item .
 This coffee is rich and full , it is much better than the decaf we were buying , it tastes good without being bitter .
 Product arrived a day early and in perfect condition . Opening one of the packages , the coffee pods were fresh and smelled wonderful . The Sumatra Blend is stronger and more bitter than what I am used to but I wanted to try something different . I usually drink the Medium Roast . My guest loved the Sumatra blend and it was nice to have a variety of coffee to offer them . I would order this again .
 I really like these coffee pods . They are tasty and not too bold . You just get the right kick without the bitterness of a dark roast .
 I loved this coffee , and I was very disappointed to hear that they were bought out by Melitta when i went to re-order some . I got the Melitta ones , and the taste is very different from the Senseo ones . So sad !
 I received a Hamilton Beach one cup coffee maker for Christmas . These pods are great for that machine . The medium roast is just right as well . I do n't like strong coffee , and it 's just the right strength for me .
 i order these for my sister she likes them i reorder them every few months so i guess she likes
 There is n't much as wonderful as brewing a fresh senseo pod :-RRB- Senseo is so much better than the other instant brewers - Kreuig is not as good in taste , quality , or price .
 I have been drinking Senseo coffee for a couple of years now , trying different kinds . The Sumatra is delicious ; I believe the pods in general are much more flavorful than the K-cup options , which have become very popular now .
 Jedna z najlepszych kaw jakie pilem w zyciu . Polecam wszystkim smakoszom-kawoszom . Najlepsza z whipped cream po wiedensku.Szybka dostawa . Rrekomenduje dostawce .
 We drink the mild roast and the taste is smoothe and mellow . Easy to use since the coffee is contained in tea-bag type pods . We get two cups of coffee per pod .
 I have been an avid senseo fan for about a year . However , I was getting a bit bored drinking the same Dark Roast every morning -LRB- I found the other flavors too mild -RRB- . So I was very happy when I saw the new flavors -LRB- Sumatra , Colombia , Kenya and Brazil -RRB- . After trying all of them , this is my personal favorite .
 I tried this because I wanted a change from the regular -LRB- rather generic -RRB- Senseo dark roast , which was starting to bore me . For pod coffee , this is spectacular , with a richer , mellower flavor than plain dark roast but the same full body . It 's true that it does n't have the rather shrill high notes of true Indonesian coffee -- which I do n't like anyway . -LRB- Before the Senseo , I 'd buy various whole beans , and always blend Sumatra or Java beans with Mocha Harar beans to calm them down . -RRB- I 'll be sticking with these pods , at least until Senseo develops an Italian-roast espresso-type pod .
 I am enjoying my Senseo even more with the addition of the new varities . I like the Sumatra Blend as well as the Brazil .
 I wanted something a little stronger than the Dark Roast Pods and found that the Senseo Sumatra Blend Coffee Pods fill the bill ! It is a wonderfully strong coffee flavor that is very smooth . I recommend it if you are looking for a deeper coffee flavor .
 Senseo pods always have an amount of coffee close to the minimum acceptable . These are no exception . That being said , this is the finest coffee that Douve Egberts have ever put into Senseo pods . I 'll be using these almost exclusively from now on .
 We were glad to see that Amazon started carrying this Sumatra Blend . After discovering it in Europe and bringing several pacakges over , we later had some shipped to us from family in Belgium.This has a medium strong , less bitter , taste preferred by my wife.Recommended for any Senseo lover tired of the Medium blend found in the retails stores .
 Of all the senseo products this is the best i 've tasted , so fari use 2 at a time and crem-brule coffee mate . this is very good .
 I am so happy everytime I make my Senseo coffee . I especially like the variety pack and the prices on Amazon are great for the product . I shall definitely be reording soon as supplies are dwindling . Kudo 's to Senseo for such a great coffee and Amazon for presenting it to the public on their site .
 I had been buying other brands of pods to get better coffee than the Senseo stuff ... but I really do like this Sumatra . I 'm consuming a lot less of the wildly expensive Kona now that I 've discovered this .
 The Senseo pods are easy to use and brew a strong but very pleasant cup of coffee . Hazelnut Waltz is one of my favorites .
 This coffee is great ! I ca n't usually find the flavored type in the stores and when I do , it is more expensive than online . If you want a fresh cup of coffee any time of day or night , put SENSEO in your cup !
 These pods are excellent ! Same taste as your favorite coffee shop at a fraction of the price !
 This coffee is getting harder and harder to find . We are going to upgrade to a Keurig hope fully soon .
 I love this coffee and the whole coffee system ! It makes great coffee fast and has so little clean-up . It 's perfect for a single person wanting a cup of coffee in the morning . My favorite is the medium roast but I also like some of the other flavors as well . I was spending so much money buying coffee everyday , and this is a great alternative ! Great buy !!
 The entire Senseo line has proven to be of consistent quality-and you ca n't beat the convenience of being able to brew a demi-tasse or full cup of joe fresh on demand in under three minutes ! Our office is hooked .
 I love the convenience of ordering my senso coffees through Amazon . They always arrive quickly , and the price in bulk beats the prices in the stores hands-down . The only thing that would make it better would be for them to offer Irish coffees in packs of four . I 'd LOVE that .
 I am over 50 and have never liked coffee . Loved the smell , but not the taste ! I went to the Hawthorne Hotel in Salem , Ma . and the coffee smelled so good that I tasted it . I was hooked ! It was Douwe Egberts , and from then on , I have been on a quest to find it in restaurants around the country . When I had the chance to buy the machine and use their pods , I jumped at it ! I am now a coffee convert and have bought two machines so that I can tote one to wherever I travel . I ca n't imagine life without my Douwe Egberts !
 The Senseo machine is great . Sumatra is a better coffee than the dark roast . Next , an organic coffee ? Always prefer organic .
 In our office we have pretty discriminating taste and we have tried all the others and decided we like Senseo the best ! The medium roast pleases all the ` tastes ' in our office .
 Delicious full bodied coffee . I alternate this one with the medium roast , depending on my taste at the time . But all of the senseo coffees are good . It is so easy to make a cup of coffee . and another fresh cup whenever I want it , in one minute .
 I 've tried all of the various senseo coffees . My 2 favorites are this one and the sumatra blend . I love my senseo machine and pods . It is so easy to get my coffee in the morning or whenever I want a cup .
 Well , its Monday and six a.m. , time for the morning coffee . Down to the kitchen , fill the senseo coffee maker and then open the senseo coffee pack . What a wonderful aroma . Two pods in and two on standby.The first cup of medium roast is not biitter nor clogs the senses . Since I drink it unadorned , there 's just the right amount of roasted taste . No expresso for this person at this hour of the morning.Douwe Egberts medium roast is the perfect median for morning coffee . Further , each day the taste remains the same.Later that morning on to the second cup . Again perfect coffee taste , plus no acidity . Can not say enough about the entire senseo coffee system . Please try .
 The Vienna pods have good flavor as do most of the pods offered by Senseo.That Amazon has set up the subscripe and save plan for Senseo pods is great . Where we live it is almost impossible to find the pods and the few places that offer them have a very limited selection .
 I think this is a very yummy cup . Maybe if you are a Kona coffee expert , then maybe it is n't the best compared to the best Kona in the world . Me , I did n't even know what a Kona was . This coffee has no bitterness , yet plenty of flavor . The thing that got me to love it was the pleasant , long lasting , subtle yummy aftertaste . 10 minutes after finishing a cup I notice a faint , yet pleasant aftertaste , and usually go get another cup . It is n't the strongest , as I like very strong , large pods . I put my Grindmaster on the tea setting and it comes out the strongest possible , yet still no bitterness . Many folds in our small office have this as their favorite .
 It 's become harder and harder to get Senseo Pods locally -LRB- except in a few basic flavors -RRB- . The variety here was excellent , as was the price . Free shipping was just icing on the cake .
 Excellent kona coffee for a good price . I would have given it a 5 star rating ; however , I have had the alohaisland kona brands ... which are delicious ! But to be fair ... they cost more ... That being said ... I stock both near my pod machine ... highly recommend ! + - ADT
 The coffee blend was a presenttto my sister-in-law who enjoys different coffee blends . I make a lot of points with her ... she really loved the new blend !
 This and Senseo 's Columbia blend are good tasting coffees , even served black . No aftertaste . Much better than the medium and dark roast blends .
 This coffee hits the spot , every morning ! It 's not as good as being in Hawai , but it 's very good ! I smile every time I open it up in the morning .
 We have two coffee pots in our house the Senseo & a regular coffee pot . We are lucky enough to be able to purchase regular Kona coffee for the regular coffee pot , so I was very happy when I found the Kona Blend . Granted it is a blend , but it is very smooth & tastes great .
 If you like a strong cup with low acidity then give the Sumatra Blend a try , I know it works for me ...
 These Pods are wonderful , and taste as good as any cafe coffee . The Senseo Coffee machine is very easy to use , and allows you to make coffee one cup at a time , which is excellent as an after dinner treat for your friends . I bought various flavors of Pods , and I could n't be happier . Also , the Senseo is easy to take apart and clean ! What more could you want , except for those of you who prefer being in a cafe full of strangers drinking coffee drinks around you .
 Have been drinking Senseo Douwe Egberts Medium roast coffee for several years . I love the ease of making a fresh cup and the consistent good taste . And it totally meets the requirements of a Navy Admiral I once served with who refused to drink coffee brewed longer than 5 minutes . Said he , `` It gets an oil slick after five minutes ! `` No oil slicks on Senseo .
 We have been using senseo pods for 2 years now and love them . We have tried other brands of pods like
 Senseo Single-Serve Coffee Machine Gift Pack , Raven BlackSenseo Douwe Egberts Dark Roast Coffee Pods , 18-Count Packages -LRB- Pack of 4 -RRB- I 've been using Senseo coffee maker and pods since it was introduced to the American market . I 'm extremely happy with my purchase and some of my friends bought the machine after they tried the coffee at my house .
 I 've been buying Senseo since I first had it in a casino about two years ago . It has a nice smooth flavor -- not like some of those popular overroasted `` burnt '' tasting products . I 'm buying this on Amazon 's subscription plan and will continue for awhile . My first order was offered at a wonderful price -LRB- a teaser ? -RRB- , but the last two orders have been comparable to what I would pay at the supermarket . I do like the convenience , however , of having it delivered to my door because it is not always in stock at the supermarket and I hate having to hunt down my favorite products .
 My husband loves this hazelnut senseo ... he uses it absolutely every day , so buying it in quantity from Amazon is great . I would say the french vanilla tops this one , but just by a hair.Senseo Paris French Vanilla Bistro Coffee Pods , 16-Count Packages -LRB- Pack of 4 -RRB- Senseo Vienna Hazelnut Waltz Coffee Pods , 16-Count Packages -LRB- Pack of 4 -RRB-
 Buying coffee this way is a little pricier than just ground coffee for a standard coffee pot , but it has actually saved us bundles . My son and husband always wanted specialty coffees , e.g. Starbucks , 7-Eleven . Now they can fix their own specialty coffees at home . My son commented just this week that getting the Senseo coffee maker was one of the best things we ever did , and that 's after using it for over a year . It 's more than just a novelty .
 The individual coffee pods come in a variety of strengths and flavors . They work easily and well with the pod-type coffee maker . The cappuccino flavored ones were rather blah , but the regular coffee pods produced a taste that was full and rich . The price when shipping was free was comparable to supermarket prices .
 Senseo recently released several flavored varieties . Having always been partial to hazelnut coffee and being the happy owner of a Senseo coffee maker , I just had to give this new flavor a try . Well , let me tell you ... I 'm hooked ! There is so much rich flavor in this coffee it 's hard to believe the drink is calorie-free . It has the complex , subtle , thick texture and flavor of a fat - and carb-laden drink . If you 've been worrying lately about the effects of your daily Caramel Macchiato on your waistline -LRB- not to mention your wallet -RRB- you have to give this coffee a try . It 's wonderful and guilt-free ! The pods are a little more expensive than regular varieties -LRB- the package is the same price but there are slightly fewer pods per bag -RRB- but boy is it worth that little extra!This flavor was all I needed to decide me to buy a second Senseo machine for my office . It 's very quiet and does n't bother my cube neighbors , and it 's already paid for itself because I no longer spend a fortune at the coffee shop for mediocre coffee
 We purchased a Senseo coffee machine shortly after my son `` borrowed '' my Bunn coffee maker in March with the promise to get his own as he strolled out the door . Since I was the only person in the household drinking coffee regularly anymore instead of buying another Bunn and wasting half a pot of coffee every time I made a fresh pot of coffee , I thought I should at least look at the single cup coffee makers . I then promptly set off on a mission to find the coffee that `` rocked my boat '' given the fact that I was a sworn dunkin donut coffee drinker for years.I am not terribly fond of flavored coffees in general although they are nice to have on occassion , so I tried all of the Senseo coffees and eventually found that the Kenya Blend was the best of the lot given my individual taste for coffees.And then they came out with the breakfast blend . This makes a superb cup of coffee and it has effectively ended my murmurings for Dunkin Donut to get on board with Senseo and make a pod coffee just for the Senseo . Well ... maybe that is a slight exaggeration . I would still like Dunkin Donuts to team with Senseo and make a pod coffee but that only because I would like to have two superb coffee pods to chose from with one being the Senseo Breakfast Blend .
 Douwe Egberts makes some of the most delicious European coffee . When the Senseo Single Serve Coffee Maker was created , these single use , disposable coffee ` pods ' fit together like hand in glove . 5,000,000 European coffee lovers can not be wrong ... Senseo Douwe Egberts is outstanding , fresh tasting coffee , and each imported 4 pack , -LRB- 72 Single-Serve pods -RRB- , comes attractively packaged in a resealable pouch.Medium roast is apt to be a particular favorite for American coffee tastes . It has a rich , full-bodied flavor , neither bitter nor astringent . The Senseo coffee machine can make 1 4 oz cup , 2 4 oz cups , or a single 8 oz cup at a time . The self-contained pods use a tea bag filter-type paper and are approximately 2 '' in diameter.Right now , the price averages 25 cents per 4 ounce cup . The Senseo makes it with a bit of frothe on the top , and this medium roast coffee is fine straight up , or try it with a little sweetner and a dollop of Hazelnut creamer as I do.I do envision the price point coming down a bit , as the Senseo system becomes the US equivalent of the European sensation . Douwe Egberts recommends using your pods within 2 weeks , however , I 've had good luck storing the extras in the freezer section of my refrigerator with no dicernable flavor change .
 I absolutely love my Senseo , but the thing I had always been waiting for was options beyond Mild , Medium and Dark Roast coffee . Every now and then I need a different kick from my coffee and until now it was n't a possibility.The Vienna Hazelnut variety is quite good for hazelnut flavored coffee . My personal taste typically does n't leave much room for liking nutty coffees . However , I am forced to make an exception for this one . It does n't taste fake or cheap like many flavored coffees do . I prefer the other two varieties of Senseo flavored coffee more , but that is not to say that I dislike this variety , it 's really quite wonderful .
 I 've had my Senseo for about 2 months and love it . I 'm the only coffee drinker in my family so making a pot of coffee is a waste for me . This is quick and easy and great tasting . Pods are expensive at the grocery store but can be found other places cheaper . Folgers is coming out with a competing machine and pods so the price of the pods should go down soon .
 I have tried numerous coffees , pods , and K-cups . Amongst all the coffee pods for the Senseo machine , the Kona blend is by far the richest , tastiest and most complex coffee I have tried . It is simply wonderful . Highly recommended .
 I 've owned a Senseo machine for three or four years , and I generally like most of their coffees . This breakfast blend is particularly good.Though I do n't much like the pretentious phrasing one sees in reviews by experts , I can say that the breakfast blend is just a bit more robust than the ordinary medium roast , but a bit less than the dark roast . It 's a great coffee to have with a breakfast roll while you 're reading the paper.I learned by experimenting that one breakfast blend pod and one decaf medium roast pod make a very good cup of `` half-caf '' for those who are prone to the caffeine jitters if they drink regular coffee.In summary , the breakfast blend pods combine the convenience of the Senseo system with a very good morning coffee.One bit of advice
 Just got my Senseo yesterday . It is the greatest thing since sliced bread . just pop in the pod press a button and you 've got a great cup of coffee in 30 seconds . Perfect for this busy New Yorker that is always on the run !! = -RRB-
 Why would I spend five bucks per latte -LRB- and take my chances with the barista 's skills -RRB- when I can make my own cup of foamy happiness in less than a minute , and for so much less ? Answer
 These coffee pods are rich and flavorful and make a really delicious cup of coffee .
 There is something about coffee , Once you have a favorite , you just ca n't get enough.When I visited my dad in Holland 2 years ago , he had this machine , with the pods . I loved it right away.It 's strong , fresh , CLEAN ! -LRB- no more grind in the kitchen ! -RRB- Now if the price of the pods could drop to the dutch-market prices -LRB- about $ 2 per 18 pods -RRB- it would be even better , I would give it 6 stars . But it 's worth the money!Thanks Douwe Egberts .
 I buy this for my husband -- a coffee fiend . He wo n't drink anything else since I bought him his Senseo coffee machine . My daughter , who wo n't drink anything hot , actually wants one of these machines to make this for herself . Go figure !
 I became hooked on Douwe Egberts coffee while living in Belgiun 20 years ago . It 's great to be able to get it in the U.S. now .
 I just tried this one , too , and also the new Irish Cream and the Vanilla flavors . WOW . In short , I ca n't rave enough about the Senseo to begin with , then these rich new flavors come along . The hazelnut has just the barest hint of mocha , and the subtlety is captivating . Never thought I 'd wax poetic about a cup o ' joe , but I 've gone from being a rare-occasional-cup drinker to a daily addict since I got the Senseo , and the new flavors are turning me into a 2-3 cup per day gal . These things make Senseo very easy to love .
 Medium Roast is ` ok ' and 100 % arabica . In the dark roast it seems they added robusta in it . There are better European coffee -LRB- carte noire for instance -RRB- , but not available in US.Bought it at Amazon -LRB- as other reviewers indicate , At Target availability is random ... -RRB- . You may try other brands , as pods are also available for Senseo from maxwell , home of coffee , folgers ... .
 After spending 2 weeks in the Netherlands last year , I was hooked on Douwe Egberts coffee and found one place in all of Dallas/Ft . Worth that sold it . Finally ! America gets Senseo ! The coffee I woke up to for 2 weeks and loved . The medium and dark roast are my favorites . Douwe Egbert is excellent coffee . Once you 've tasted this high quality Dutch coffee , you 'll never go back to American/Columbian nor that burnt stuff sold in those bookstores . Hopefully prices for the coffee will come down . For now , it 's cheaper for my friend to ship me Senseo coffee from Holland -LRB- package of 18 pads there is less than 2 Euro -RRB- than to buy it here in the States or online . Now I will celebrate SENSEO DAY , the day I received my Senseo machine -LRB- tho it arrived without the free coffee cups -RRB- every year !
 A like a very mild blend of coffee and this one is great . Smooth and not bitter and these pods seem to be getting harder to find .
 These coffee pods are much easier to use than the minature cups and they cost about 30 % less . They make a good cup of coffee and store well too .
 This coffee is the best coffee available in the US today . I 've served it to 14 other people also , since trying it at my house , have gone out and bought it too . The whole Senseo System makes the first cup in the morning and all day thing . Gone are the days of burnt or cold coffee . Now Everyone gets a fresh delicious cup anytime of day or night and whichever flavor or style suits them best .
 I have been enjoying drinking Senseo coffee for a few years now , and having recently tried their new flovor Vienna Hazelnut Waltz , I have a newfound favorite . It is absolutely delicous and uniquely Senseo coffee . I deffinately recommend trying this product !
 i just love this senseo cofee puds , great taste , always fresh and most of all i can get my cup of cofee ready in about two mintues .
 they are excellent
 These work great with the senseo machine . We use double the amount of water recommended and the coffee turns out perfectly , and fills a normal coffee cup .
 If you like flavored coffee , and you like the Senseo system - you will like this . It is my favorite of all the pods and I have tried them all !
 Every so often , the Hazelnut is out of stock , so I have purchased other brands and have been disappointed every time . I 've learned my lesson ; from now on , I 'll wait for the Senseo Hazelnut ! It 's the perfect strength and flavor .
 If you have a Senseo machine -LRB- and frankly , if you are a coffee lover and do not live above a Starbucks , you NEED one -RRB- these are the pods to use.Rich , flavourful and designed to work with your machine !
 Anyone know how to get through to a human to say that my Dec 12 shipment never arrived ? UPS robbery ?
 The coffee by Senseo is very tasty . The only problem I have is that it is messy getting rid of the pods after you use them . Clean up is the `` pain . '' You also have to rinse out the pod holder each time . Coffee machines with the K cups are better for 2 reasons - easier to clean plus there is n't a `` residue '' flavor left from the coffee you 've made . I used a tea bag -LRB- following another reviewer 's suggestion -RRB- and was able to make tea using the Senseo machine but it tasted like coffee . This is the problem with all pods because the oils from the coffee remain . I 've tried other brands of coffee pods but have found the Senseo to be the best .
 Very tasty coffee!The formulation is perfect for a great cup ! I am partial to Douwe Eberts ' coffee . Use one pod with 6 oz of water & it is perfect !
 My favorite coffee . I 'm so glad I can still order this online . I can not fine this in the store anymore .
 This is good tasting coffee for your Senseo machine . It is not bitter and is very palatable to the taste . The coffee does not turn out watery but is also not very full bodied . Much cheaper price than buying single packs at the grocery store .
 If you have a Senseo , then you know how difficult it has been lately to find the pods in stores . Thanks to amazon , I have a large stock at a great price.Exactly as I would expect from the bold Sumantra blend , with a lot of velvety , frothy crema on top that you can only get with the Senseo . Delicious and a great buy .
 Loved the fast service getting our Senseo coffee to us . This our favorite coffee . There is nothing like it , and trust me we have tried a lot of different types of coffee .
 Senso is hard to find on the shelves in my little town , but this is good coffee and a good way to get it .
 When I searched the net for pods there were lots of warnings that the senseo brand was n't so good . Granted I am not an avid coffee drinker , however I really look forward to a good morning cup of coffee that wo n't burn a hole in my stomach . I usually run one senseo pod through twice and have a perfect cup . If anything - needs a little more of the flavor -LRB- i.e. hazlenut , vanilla -RRB- added to it . But still very good .
 This item was shipped so fast and tastes wonderful ! I will buy again for sure and tell all my friends !
 We have used this brand of coffee for over five years . we love the foam and taste and ease in making it . .
 I have the coffee m aker and ca n't find Senco in the stores . I 'm really glad that you have it and the convenience of having it delieved . I will recommed it to others . Lucille
 This coffee has a smooth taste . Also , it has a mild flavor , not too strong . And it is the best coffee I have ever tasted .
 I love the ease in using this product . You just pop it in and you have a delicious cup of fresh coffee in a couple of minutes .
 This coffee is great and we used it for several years . It then became too expensive for our budget . Got ta cut somewhere !
 We love or Senseo and the coffee , but the pods are getting hard to come by , and the price has been jumping way too much .
 This is the best coffee i ever tried , seven years drinking it every day ; ca n't wait for the morning coffee ...
 The pods contain fresh and tasty coffee and are so easy to use requiring little clean up . I love them !
 Breakfast blend is hands-down the best Senseo blend . And Amazon offers them at a great price . I would highly recommend . Not as intense as dark blend , but still very bold tasting . Sometimes the darker blends , even medium , have a bit of an acidic taste or a sharp , tongue-piercing taste . The Breakfast Blend is a perfect balance of strength , taste , aroma , and intensity .
 This product was perfect and exactly what I was looking for . I was pleasantly surprised when I saw 4 packs of each coffee !
 I love my Senseo coffee maker and was worried when they stopped carrying them in stores . Thank goodness , I can purchase them here at about the same price and they arrive at my door within days .
 I order this again and again . It tastes great and smells wonderful . Perfect alone or mixed with their regular flavors . The shipping is allawys quick .
 We have one of the Senseo coffeemakers that requires coffee pods rather than the newer -LRB- and much more expensive -RRB- cups for single serve . I do n't drink a lot of coffee , but my husband does and loves the Senseo coffees . Sumatra is his second favorite -LRB- he prefers Columbian , which we also order from Amazon in the Senseo brand -RRB- flavor of coffee , and he vows that the Senseo pods are as good as Sumatra brewed from freshly ground beans . It is certainly convenient to be able to brew a cup as needed , because it is always fresh , rather than stale from a day of sitting on a warmer . For anyone who likes coffee and does n't drink a whole pot in a couple of hours , the pods are ideal , and for those who like a strong and rich flavor , Sumatra pods are a good choice .
 Okay ... so I am new to Senseo and ALL of its varieties of coffees . The machine came with a sample of Dark Roast . It 's not that the roast itself was bad , it just tasted `` flat '' - none of the overtones of the nectar of the gods - and I was sorely disappointed . However , I was on a mission to make 1 cup at a time , having reviewed all the other 1 cup machines out there I was sure that Senseo was not just the best deal , but the best machine - and then ... when all hope seemed lost ... a light at the end of the tunnel was seen and at its core was Medium Roast . This stuff is good coffee people ! You can taste the nuances and hints of floral , chocolately , nutty , and all those other words that go with describing good coffee ... so I highly recommend these pods . They taste wonderful and will have you returning to the Senseo for another cup before work begins ... FIVE STARS !!!
 These coffee pods are very , very weak . I started with one pod , no flavor . 2 pods , a bit better but still weak and watery . 3 pods was all I get into my little Hamilton Beach but there was still no Hazelnut taste . I finally used 2 pods for just a half a cup and though it was somewhat stronger , there was still no taste . Very disappointed in this selection , looking around for some other brands.March 24 , 20012I like to update this review and give it 5 stars because I think I was a bit hasty the first time around . I only tried it in a cheap little 1-cup pot and I think that was the problem . I now use the pods in a 4-cup Mr. Coffee and it comes out absolutely delicious . I love the smell when it perks and enjoy the of it taste every morning . In fact , I 'm ready to send in my next oder !
 Senseo Pods are delicious and cost effective , especially when using the subscription option from Amazon.com . The coffee is smooth and frothy .
 Great medium roast `` pod '' coffee . I use this in the new Hamilton Beach that makes both 12 cups or 14 ounce single serve Pod coffee . Actually it is better than the popular store coffees that you buy by cup . If you like a coffee that will burn the hairs off your chest , this is definitely not the one for you !!!
 I love my senseo pod maker and the price you offer on the coffee pods is very competitive . They came quickly and I will certainly order again . JoAnn Jeandell
 But this is still pretty darn good . Senseo is my favorite way to start the day !
 I have tried other coffee pods in my Senseo single cup coffee maker and keep going back to the Senseo , love the consistent taste of the coffee .
 I was happy to find I could buy the medium strength coffee pods in quantity at Amazon because the retail stores in our area that sell this brand usually only have the strong or decaf types available and in small quantities . Through Amazon I am able to stock up with the pods I want .
 i was waiting for this and although it took a while to happen , i was glad to finally see flavored coffee pods . in my old drip machine i used to put cocoa and other flavors into the grounds to make flavored coffee because the pre-flavored varieties tasted fake and were sometimes oily from the flavoring added to them . these are just the opposite . tastes quite `` real '' with no funny hazelnut + chemicals after taste like some others . they taste natural and clean and are a welcome addition . not that anyone could ever get bored of regular coffee , but this product ads some nice variety!tastes quite `` real '' with no funny hazelnut + chemicals after taste like some others .
 This is just as good as coffee can be . The flavoring is barely detectable and , even then , can not be pinned down as hazelnut . It 's a subtle blend , like a fine perfume . Warning
 The hazelnut flavor is a little on the light side , but thats the way I like it . It saves me some money on buying the flavored creamer for my senseo coffee . Now I just add milk and sugar and I 'm set . I hope they will start making tea for my senseo soon .
 This flavor is out of this world !!! A `` CANDY BAR IN A CUP '' !!! Ladies you 'll love this one !! I 've had my Senseo coffeemaker for about a week now , and I just love it . I usually use one pod to make a 8oz . mug .
 I had been using a different and more expensive coffee machine . I broke it by trying to use the non-pod measure-your-own holder . So when I saw this system on sale and cheap , I thought I 'd try it.The Senseo coffee pods are great . The coffee brews quickly . I order them right here on Amazon . I like the strongest brew . It 's been a good experience with Senseo .
 This is my very favorite coffee , and I am very sad that it has been unavailable for months . Unfortunately , my Senseo Supreme coffee machine will not allow use of most brands of pods .
 The Senseo coffee is consistently good . I much prefer to making a fresh cup of coffee every time , rather than drinking something that has been sitting around all day .
 Great coffee and packaged in a way that does n't produce millions of tiny plastic tubs to burden the landfill . Requires a Senseo coffee maker which , to my mind , makes better coffee than you can find at those ubiquitous chain stores .
 I have been using the Senseo Coffee Pods to make my coffee for a long time . Lately I can not find the SENSEO Coffee Pods locally.As usual Amazon came to the rescue with great prices and quick service . My coffee arrived quickly and I never missed a day of my yummy Senseo Coffee !
 To me , the best of their specialty coffees -LRB- not counting the fancy stuff -RRB- . Better than Medium and Dark Roasts.Regulating the delivery and the lower price are a real bonus , particularly since Harris Teeter and Publix do n'tstock it anymore . I also get their decaf , which is good , and often use one pod decaf/one pod of regular . Seems tosatisfy my psychological need to cut back on the `` hard stuff . ''
 We love our Senseo coffee maker and love that Amazon.com makes it so easy to order the pods for our coffee maker . We use several different types and enjoy Breakfast Blend for a light , but delightful cup of coffee in the morning . Actually , you can use this coffee pod anytime during the day and we do !
 They no longer were carrying this flavor at our local grocery . I need to order more ! Its great stuff and half the price of Keurig .
 A FANTASTIC DELICATE COFFEE ! NOT A NORMAL COFFEE CONSUMER BUT PURCHASED THIS FOR FAMILY/GUESTS . THIS IS SO DELICATE AND EASY TO PREPARE = HAVE IT ON AUTO DELIVERY AND YES I REALLY LIKE IT .
 We love our Senseo machine and pods . Seems easier and quicker than making a pot , plus he can have his coffee , and I can have my favorite . Pods are well made and the machine delivers a great cup of coffee .
 I ordered this item sometime in September , and I finally received it for Christman , and it was worth the wait ! I would recommend this item only if you are not a coffee expert , the taste is mild , and it works for me because I do n't drink coffee everyday .
 You have a choice ... use the refillable pods or get these.I ca n't imagine using the refillable pods.Too much fuss trying to fill those little filters.Just toss one of these in and you 're done .
 Works great with Hamilton Beach single cup coffee maker . Good flavor , decent price . I 'm the only coffee drinker in the house so these pods are the way to go .
 I love my Senseo coffee maker , but can not find the coffee pads at any of my local grocery stores , so ordering on line is my only option . It is quick and very convenient .
 I decided to try medium-roast when I had such a hard time getting dark roast . To my surprise I like the medium-roast even better because it lacks the over sharp taste of the dark roast .
 I love my one cup coffee maker and the senseo pods are great tasting . perfect for one person . great product
 This product met my expectations and worked well . Cost was a little on the high side . Would buy again if needed .
 Since I live alone and do n't like coffee that has been sitting for any length of time , I bought a one-cup maker that is designed for these pods . I really llike having one delicious fresh-brewed cup of coffee anytime I want . These medium roast Senseo pods are just perfect for me .
 I have been using Senseo pods for several years , and for a while the pods were scarce . Thanks for keeping them in stock for me .
 I AM A COFFEE ADDICT IF YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN . I DRINK IT ALL DAY LONG . I JUST PURCHASED A KRUPS POD MACHINE AND DECIDED TO TRY THE SENSEO COFFEE PODS . THE MEDIUM ROAST IS PERFECT WHEN I USE THE 7.5 OZ SETTING ON THE COFFEE MACHINE . WHEN USING THE 9 OZ SETTING FOR THE LG TO GO SIZE I USE THE DARK ROAST . BOTH BLENDS ARE SMOOTH AS SILK WITH RICH FLAVOR . I HAVE NEVER BEEN MORE SATISFIED WITH A CUP OF COFFEE AS THIS BRAND . TRY IT , I AM SURE YOU WILL NOT BE SORRY . BEATS FOLGERS HANDS DOWN !!!!
 The coffee shown is great tasting and quick for those on the go !
 Our favorite coffee if the medium roast coffee pods by SenseoDouwe Egberts . We discovered the smooth full bodied coffee after we purchased our Senseo coffee maker last fall . We enjoy the full taste of expresso like coffee and the smooth foamy texture you get from the senseo coffee maker . Its like having your own gourmet coffee shop in your home every morning . We also have discovered the many different favored coffee that Senseo Douwe Egberts makes and enjoy trying them for different occasions .
 I 've tried numerous other pods with my Senseo , and I alway come back to the Douwe Egberts . I alway like some of the other brands flavors but they never have the same faux creme that DE has which must be why I like the Senseo in the first place .
 I love my Senseo , and I am thrilled to have flavor options for it . Personally I am not much for flavored coffee , and I prefer the dark roast , and that is what I drink myself most of the time . One of my favorite things about the Senseo is how easy it is to make everyone a different cup of coffee . The decaf folks can have decaf , the regular can have regular . Now the ones who like flavor can have flavor . I will definitely always have the flavored Senseo Pods in stock in our home so that we have them to offer guests . They love it.Of the new flavor options for the Senseo , the Hazelnut is my personal favorite . While the dark roast is my everyday cup still , after dinner , I now often grab one of these . If my husband is n't in the mood for hazelnut , it does n't matter . It is a Senseo , he can have whatever he wants in his cup .
 These coffee pods are wonderful . The hazelnut flavor is subtle and delicious , not overpowering and fake like other coffee brands . It brews up nice and frothy and only needs minimal cream -LRB- if you like your coffee light -RRB- . This is pretty much the only coffee we drink at home .
 I just tried the new Vienna -LRB- hazelnut flavored -RRB- Senseo pods . I 'm not a big flavored coffee drinker , but I just wanted to try something different . It 's a really nice cup of coffee . The flavor is n't too strong - which I like . I also like the combination of the different flavors -LRB- hazelnut , chocolate , etc. -RRB- . I had tried the folgers flavors but they are way too artifical tasting - ca n't hardly taste the coffee . If you want to try somthing differnet in your Senseo machines , you should check these out .
 So disappointed - not with Amazon but with Senseo - as Senseo has discontinued the pods . The Senseo coffer machine is terrific -- never a problem , and the pod cost was very reasonable . What to do now ??
 Love the smell and the non-bitter taste of these richly satifying pods . Much prefer over traditional coffee but only makes two cups , which is okay ; just need to know !
 What a great little item these pods are !! The flavor is rich and a great taste to them . I will keep ordering them !!!
 This is a great coffee buy if you have a single server machine.I have the Black and Decker , and they work very well.Keep the open bag in the fridge to keep them fresh.I have the automatic delivery and that saves me even more $
 I was expecting a deep , rich dark blend , but found that this was not more robust than the dark blend from Senseo . I think that I may have to go to make my own pods to really get what I am looking for . Not bad if you like medium strength coffee though .
 I ca n't say Senseo is equal to starbucks , but , I love my morning Dark Roast and some of the flavors in the afternoon with a snack or dessert . A quality porduct .
 The Sumatra Blend is my favorite variety offered by Senseo ! It is smooth , and very bold ! I 've always prefered a dark roast and this one tops my list !
 Love Senseo Douwe Egberts coffee pods . Great tasting coffee . Can make weak or strong -LRB- 1 pod or 2 -RRB- and it is always freshly brewed . It is a bit expensive , but I do n't throw away half pots of coffee twice a day , and I can select what I want based on the time of day or my mood at the moment .
 I 've been drinking one or two cups of Senseo Medium Roast Coffee Pods almost everyday for about two years . It 's so quick and easy . No mess . Reliable taste in each pod . It 's not that the coffee is outstanding -LRB- I 'd rate the taste as average -RRB- , it 's that it is so convenient and simple . Just what I need as I run out of the house in the morning.I 've tried the Senseo Dark Roast , but it was too bitter . And the Specialty -LRB- Brazil , Kenya , Colombia , etc. -RRB- Pods are a waste of money . I found that none of them tasted as good as the Medium Roast .
 Since I have had my Senseo coffee maker , I would rather go without than drink anything else .
 I had a Flavia machine for two years . Ran into the the Senseo in Germany during a business trip . Hotel room had it . For five days I had the medium roast in the hotel room to start the day . Loved it and now have it at home . A good strong taste with no real after taste at all . Very smooth . Strangley it tastes as good as it smells .
 I have tried several of the Senseo coffee blends and like Sumatra the best . It is a robust coffee , but not overpowering . However , if you do not like strong coffee , you can use an 8oz . coffee cup and press the double coffee button on the coffee maker and get a milder brew.Senseo is a great product and reasonably priced , unlike some of the other one cup coffee makers . I hope it is here to stay .
 I occasionally like to have a different flavor coffee - rather than just `` coffee . '' Hazelnut is one of my favorites , and this is a very good hazelnut . I use it in my Keurig machine because it 's about half the price of k-cups .
 Senseo pods are the best pods for Senseo machines . Other pods tend to be too thick . Good flavor for an afternoon treat .
 This is the BEST coffee I have ever had , it does n't leave a bitter taste and is smooth . My husband does n't like coffee , but he likes this . We love to have a cup when we first get up in the morning . This is our quite time and we enjoy our coffee . Amazon was easy to order from . You should try some .
 I 'm a big fan of Hazlenut coffee , and recently purchased this for traveling so I can use it with my new Hamilton one-cup coffee machine ! It works like magic , tastes delicious and perfect for traveling as no mess !
 My coffee pot and a taste of seven or eight variety of packs were a gift from my daughter . At first I was n't very thrilled with the coffee pot and did n't use it very often , maybe once or twice a month tasting each pod . We already have a good coffee pot and it was just fine with me until I tasted the Sumatra Blend , although each of the others were very good.I now only use my Senseo coffee pot and Sumatra Blend . I have a variety of other pods i.e. decaffeinated , french vanilla and hazelnut , etc. for guests , friends and family.Now our household is a two coffee pot kitchen , my husband 's and my Senseo and Sumatra Blend which I absolutely love and drink every morning . Thank you.Francine
 I previously had purchased this as part of a pack with 4 flavors . I enjoy this one and the Kona blend the most . Though the Kona blend is my favorite , this is a good runner-up . It 's a solid blend , not too strong , not too weak . It does n't really have any subtle nuances or anything , but it is a good starter coffee for your day .
 Excellent product and I love the automatic replenishment program . My wife always had trouble finding this coffee at a good price and now we have not only the desired product but at a good price and delivered to our doorstep . Ca n't beat it .
 Almost every morningI prepare a potfull of coffee . On the days when I just want a cup or two I use the Senseo . I 'm not much for the coffee so thick that it can hold up a spoon . Senseo Breakfast Blend is just right . I enjoy the bonus creme it leaves after it steams a fresh cup . The little pod can be reused in the garden so zero footprint . What can you do with those little plastic cups from the other brand ?
 We first learned about Douwe Egberts coffee when invited to a wedding reception and had a memorable cup of coffee.We later learned that Senseo was using this brand and were hooked . Have been enjoying it ever since !
 Her brand of coffee and so difficult to find . She loves the taste and the price .
 We have a new pod favorite in our household . You guessed right . Have always enjoyed the majority of Senso coffees but this new blend is an excellent coffee . Very smooth -LRB- not in the least bit , bitter -RRB- and tasteful . Highly recommended .
 My husband and I enjoyed the mellow , but full-bodied flavor of this coffee . It 's good any time of the day . For those who like a smooth and more mellow coffee , this is a good choice .
 I love the new Sumatra Coffee Pods . Sumatra is a wonderful low acid coffee and I was delighted to find them in Senseo pods . The flavor is as I remember Sumatra when I used to purchase it at specialty coffee stores in California . -LRB- I live in a VERY rural area and choices are extremely limited . Amazon shopping takes you to specialy brands and flavors and that is where Sumatra fits belongs -RRB- . My only negative is there are two less pods in a package .
 I have tried several of the Senseo brews , and I prefer this strong and aromatic blend to the others for a good morning bracer . It has a nice clean taste and pleasant aroma . To my taste , this is the strongest of the Senseo blends . +
 Great Coffee for those that like what in America would be STRONG coffee . Even at a mug size with one pod the coffee is nice and not `` thin '' . Highly recommend it !!
 We normally brew a full pot of coffee in our home each morning as there are enough coffee drinkers to make it worthwhile . But in the afternoon , sometimes one of us wants a cup and it is not worthwhile to brew another pot or grind up the beans to make a smaller pot . That 's what we have our Senseo for . We keep a couple different kinds of pods around to suit various tastes , and this one suits mine.These are a little stronger , and more full-bodied than the basic medium roast Senseo pods , yet the flavor is not quite as acidic as their dark roast pods . I use one pod for a `` double '' serving -LRB- the button with the 2 cups -RRB- , which is -LRB- I know -RRB- not the recommended way , but I still seem to get good results . If I happen to be making one first thing in the morning and need a little more strength , I will use 2 pods and press the double first , and then the single to get a slightly larger and stronger cup .
 This is much better than trying to find the pods at the grocery store ! And cost is less , too ! We have really enjoyed our Senseo -LRB- also purchased from Amazon ! -RRB-
 I bought the Senseo for my partner -LRB- wife ? we just got married ! -RRB- because she can get cranky before she has her cup of coffee in the morning . It was the best present I ever bought either of us ! In about a minute , using these coffee pods , she has a cup of consistently delicious , frothy coffee and she loves it . She has tried several other types to see how they are , but this is the one she always goes for and always makes one of those `` yum '' noises when she drinks it , and , still , about two years later , often thanks me for buying her this gift . -LRB- I know it 's funny , but I 'm just happy I figured out how to avert `` the crankies . '' -RRB- And , on Amazon , it 's as inexpensive as I have found it . Plus , they deliver ! I usually order a month 's worth at a time and keep it in the freezer . A coffee addict 's perfect fix .
 I really enjoy this flavor so much that I have to hide it from my husband when I am running low .
 We got our first Senseo during their Drop the Drip online promotion in December . My husband loved the coffee , especially the Medium Roast . We ended up buying another Senseo for him to use at work . I do n't drink coffee , so this was the perfect solution . No more making a pot and tossing the rest . He can get a cup of joe or make two if he wants . The pods were a little pricey though ... at Walmart they average around $ 3.84 for 10 or .38 each . Buying bulk like this , it makes them .25 each at the current price of $ 17.96 . They come each in their own bag of 18 , so no worries about freshness . My Dad also got a Senseo via Drop the Drip and we just sent him some Medium Roast because he loves it too . It is a great gift for Senseo lovers . He lives in a small town and never thought to look to Amazon for his Senseo coffee needs ! I think when he runs out , he will be on Amazon looking to buy the multi-pack .
 I love that I can order this under the Subscribe & Save plan . It 's WAY cheaper than buying it at the grocery store . And this is good coffee -- the Senseo is fabulous because I can limit how much coffee I drink by only making one cup at a time .
 Love the Senseo coffee maker ! Love the flavored coffee options , but have a really hard time finding them . Not only does Amazon have all the great flavors , the price is the BEST and if you stock up ... shipping is free ! Everything should be so easy . Thanks !
 I have two Phillips coffee pod makers and prefer to order my Senseo pods from Amazon rather than buy from the local markets because of the no shipping charges and great prices on the sets of coffee pods Amazon offers .
 Great coffee . Amazon used to be the best price , howver lately Target and Walmart offer better `` deals '' . I continue to use Amazon as they have a good subscriber serice and this way we have the same quantity shipped every month .
 We 've been using the Senseo machine for several years now and these new pods are the tastiest so far . Disappointed that Subscribe and Save is not possible on this blend -LRB- at time of writing at least -RRB- .
 Received a Senseo coffee maker several Christmases ago . Settled on the medium roast and have enjoyed it ever since . I use it exclusively . My guests seem to also enjoy it .
 It 's nice not to worry about running out of coffee and the price is great .
 I love the Senseo and it was great being able to get more variety of pods in addition to the dark or medium roast that my local grocery store sells . The Vienna Hazelnut pods provide with a great tasting coffee ; the flavor is not too strong , it is just perfect .
 We have as Senseo coffee maker and it 's hard to find , conveniently and where I usually shop , a variety of coffee pods for it . Getting them here and delivered promptly certainly makes it much easier .
 Do not waste your money buying any other brands of the Rosehip Tea available in the US market . I 've tried all of them , from Whole Foods , Fresh Market , GNC , Organic/Not organic from any possible grocery stores and had total disappointment . Once you 've tried the real rosehip tea , your search for a good one will be endless , as it was for me . I was wondering how is possible to sell a product under the name of `` Rosehip Tea '' with no even closest flavor of the rosehip , or even worth , no flavor at all , like having a sewer water boiled and served . Well , maybe these manufacturers hope that the majority do n't know the true flavor of a good tea and will buy their misleading product . Do n't trash your money ! Stop your search and buy this one , the only `` Rosehip Tea '' that taste as rosehips . Enjoy !
 Thanks to Olenka 's review ... I decided to purchase this tea for a nephew who recently returned to the US from Ukraine . Upon his return , he tried finding rosehip tea ... but it was difficult to find and what he found was not very good . He loves this tea , however , and says that it is very flavorful .
 Thank You EuroGrocer - You deliver Happiness !!! Onno Behrends is ABSOLUTELY in their own League !!! After buying my 1st box three years ago on a whim at Big Lots , I was hooked . Returning to find the tea discontinued , I started a daunting year-long replacement task . I tried several other brands along the way , which became both expensive and disappointing -LRB- most are mixed tea blends -RRB- . Having found it at Amazon , my husband surprised me with a case of 10 boxes & I was in Tea Heaven !!! Due to my bragging , friends & family became curious and soon I was handing out little gifts of Rose Hip Magic . Now even the guys are on board
 It is hard to find rose hip tea as goo as Otto Behrends . I know . I 've tried .
 I was wondering why i like the tea so much and then i saw that it is coming from Germany ! I am europian I guess I still like the best old Europe stuff : -RRB-
 This Rosehip Tea comes from Germany where it is a daily stable . The flavor is out of this world and being high in vitamin C it has a slight sourly taste but can be very well tolerated without added sugar . The four packages contain 50 each tea bags - this will last you a long time .
 I 'm thoroughly pleased with this tea . I purchased it based on the recommendation of another reviewer . It brought me back to times I would sit and sip a similar tea with my grandmother . It is a healthy brew and very flavorful . High recommended .
 We have been using vege-sal -LRB- we call it veggie salt -RRB- for years , so when our local grocery stores stopped carrying it , we were distraught . We looked online and found it here and ordered . The product came quickly and it 's the very same vege-sal we have been using all these years . We are thrilled to have it back in our pantry and on our table .
 I 've been using this product for decades , and it is my all time favorite seasoning . I especially love it on eggs , cottage cheese , and avocados ; but I use it in/on everything that I would use salt in/on . It allows you to use less salt and still get a great flavor . I also prefer it over other spike seasonings due to it 's fine grind - a little goes a long way and it is n't crunchy . I just moved to an area where I ca n't find it in the stores , so happy to find it on Amazon !
 I have been using this product for years ! It is a wonderful combination of vegetables and salt that reallt adds pizzazz to your table when used it instead of regular table salt.Add this it to a simple olive oil and vinegar or lemon and olive oil dressing to really make your salads exciting . A great product!Vege - Sal - 20 oz -
 So nice to get this way - the store is out of it often , and this will last for awhile .
 Love my vege-sal , I have my whole family hooked on it and I order it in big quantities for everyone . I use it on absolutely everything . I ordered thru Amazon and have really good luck .
 Our family loves Ribena , a British favorite . Ribena is a delicious black currant concentrate . Add water and enjoy it hot or cold . So glad to have found it on Amazon as up until now it 's been very difficult to get in the USA .
 Properly diluted this is a wonderful sweet and tangy drink that goes with a lot of different foods and snacks including curries and Italian food . Ribena is also very good mixed in ginger ale , tequila or champagne . I 've also had a gelatin desert made with this , yummy ! I used to know a Pastor of a tea totaling church who used this as in place of wine for communion and other people tell me that it has also been used in place of blood in some rituals and magick work . I prefer to drink it myself This was a classic British nursery treat which may account for the suggestion that it is `` better with '' the British form of Mayonnaise perhaps the worst suggested pairing on Amazon.com
 I remember my mum making this drink for us when we came home from school . Now I dilute this drink for my child and she loves it . In fact , I am so glad Amazon.com are selling this product , as it reminds me of home.I am also quite astonished on the reason why nearly every food type I pick up contains high fructose corn syrup . At least with British foods I know that one would not be comsuming ingredients which would damage one 's health .
 After looking for Ribena in the states for the last 7 years finding it on Amazon and then loosing it is disappointing ! I really hope Amazon starts to carry it again !
 I was so excited to see Ribena on Amazon and ordered the pack of 6 , but upon opening the first bottle and pouring some out to dilute it , I could see that it was weak and more watery than it should be . Although this is made in Britain , I have a feeling they dilute it to ship to the US . Cadbury 's and Nestle 's do the same thing with their chocolate ... we get the waxy stuff over here , meanwhile the UK gets the creamy , good stuff ! Unless it was a fluke , my 6 bottles were much weaker than normal . I wo n't order this again-I only gave it 4 stars because real Ribena is excellent and this does have the flavor .
 The pods are great . They fit the machine and they do n't break apart in use . The coffee has a nice taste . If you have a two cup a day habit , this packaging will last you for an entire month .
 I LOVE these pods . . I like fresh coffee . This answers my prayers . One cup or 10 cups when I want it , fresh !! I feel I am worth it . Every flavor I have tried I liked .
 This is my coffee of choice and I 'm glad it is in the pods for the Senseo . It is wonderful for that one cup of coffee in the afternoon or anytime you just need that one cup . And for Douwe Egberts the cost is good too .
 dark roast is good , the milder roasts are undrinkable . the daily cost of this stuff is sky high , and i seem to run out way too fast , even buying 4 packs at a time!what a coffee habit ! very nice for an afternoon treat though ...
 amazon delivered ny pods right away at a great price.I love the pods for the convenience . A superior cup of coffee in 60 seconds start to finish
 I 'm hooked on the Dark Roast Coffee.I 've found the best tasting brew is to use two coffee pods but drain into a large coffee cup . First I fill up the water container and let it heat up until the red light stops blinking . Then , using a large cup , hit the button on the right that will drain a regular sized coffee cup amount of coffee . Now hit the heater again and when the light stops blinking hit the button on the left.Hey , works for me .
 I use hundreds of these pods every month . It is perhaps not the most economical way to drink the equivalent of several pots of coffee each day , but the convenience and ease of making a personal cup of latte , by whipping up a splash of milk in the bottom of the glass , is well worth the cost . Also great to offer a spot of coffee to drop-in guests !
 Also this coffee can be purchased at Target for $ 3.99
 One downside of a Senseo machine , is that unless you want an espresso size cup of coffee , you need to make 2 cups , which means you need two pods , at around 5.69 and bag for 18 pods , it can get pricey . The dark roast solves the problem . You put one in , and you make two cups ! Before I found the Senseo , I was an average folgers , yuban mild coffee drinking type . I have the value pack on amazon grocery as a subscription ... works out great !!
 The Senseo coffee system is an excellent way to brew a good cup of single serve coffee quickly . It takes about 30 seconds so you can easily make another cup . I also like the variety of pods they offer . My favorite is the Kenya blend . The Dark Roast is good when I want a more robust flavor . What I do n't like about the Senseo pods is that the individual pods are not labeled with the name of the blend . I would like to put all of my different senseo pods into the same airtight jar for display but I ca n't do this because I would not know which pod was which blend -- they all look the same . So in order to know which pod is which blend , I must keep all the pods in their original packages and since the packages do not seal once opened , the pods can go stale . I suppose I could keep all my opened Senseo packages in a large tupperware container but that is such a hassle and so unattractive .
 This is the way I like my coffee . Dark , strong with a good flavor and aroma . This is the only pod that I buy for my Senseo and Bunn . Perfect for me .
 We have tried quite a few flavors of Senseo coffee and our preferred flavor is Senseo Douwe Dark Roast Coffee . We did n't quite like the `` cappuccino '' flavor though . We love Senseo coffee machine for its convenient single serving pods and easy cleanup . It is reasonably priced considering the convenience it offers .
 I love my Senseo ! It so easy and clean , albeit expensive to use , but what the hey ? It 's coffee and it 's quick and it 's tasty .
 We enjoy the Senseo Dark Roast Coffee for our single use coffee maker . The 4 pack is perfect , just enough so we do n't run out and not enought that we have to think of creative storage options .
 I love the Senseo Dark Roast Coffee in the convenient single serve pods.I had never tried it before I bought a Senseo Single Serve Coffee Maker.The taste of the coffee is rich and robust and the flavor stands up to my adding a little bit of creamer . It is never bitter , but always yields that rich roasted flavor that I love . I often recommend it to my friends and family and I would never want to go back to my old brand after finding Senseo Dark Roast Coffee .
 The last couple of shipments have not been on time . Can we do something about this ?
 This coffee has a wonderful flavor and provides the convenience of a one cup brew instead of a pot . You may also purchases flavors and it 's as good as the $ 5.00 cup you get at one of the coffee chains . The automatic refill program offered is an excellent and convenient way to make sure you never run out !
 Excellent coffee at a reasonable price . The Senseo coffee system requires a coffee pod to work properly . I bought one of the products for using loose ground coffee in a Seneseo coffee pot , but it did n't work and was messy . The Senseo coffee pods are easy to use and easy to dispose of . Great product .
 Maybe not the best I have ever tasted but they are very good
 Why buy your Senseo pods at the grocery store when you can get them from Amazon @ a much lower price and , if you order $ 25 or more , they 're shipped free ! I buy 4 boxes at a time , and because they 're vacuum-sealed , they 're all fresh down to the last one .
 These practical little pouches make it so simple and fun to make one great cuo of hot-joe !!
 I bought the single cup coffee maker that came with the Medium Roast . Have n't tried the dark roast but the regular is actually excellent coffee .
 This is a great product , so I do n't know why the stores have stopped stocking it . I will continue to order it as long as I can get it . Thanks !
 While I love this coffee , not sure why it went up on my last order . Hopefully it 'll go down or its my cue to find another delicous coffee .
 Now as the title says these `` dark roast '' pods are great if u use 2 pods , 1 IMHO is not `` dark '' enough ... Nice flavor though either way ...
 I have been most impressed with both my super-fast Senseo single-serve and its coffee pods . But no , the coffee does not taste as good as that I freshly grind . I realize that is an option if I want to produce my own pods but that would defeat the undeniable convenience of the single-serve machine . The coffee produced by this pod arrangement is happily strong - with this Dark Roast ; I have n't yet tried any others - and the crema is wonderful , over and over . I do pre-wet the pods before brewing . I guess I could also wet down the machine parts . And I do heat non-fat or 1 % milk in the microwave , then brew directly into that cup . This procedure mixes moo and joe quite adequately.There is some aspect to the taste of the brew that does not please me - not sure I can put it into words well . I think it is partly due to the inevitable not-entirely-freshness of the pods . In addition there is some kind of harshness that seems intended to masquerade as richness . Duh ? Maybe someone more knowledgeable about coffee prep can identify it better . I do not see anywhere on the package that these coffee pods are 100 % Arabica . Could that be it ? But for the convenience and cost , I can not complain TOO much . I am really happy with the purchases.Want to say a word of thanks to other reviewers who have made helpful suggestions and observations . Here 's one I 've found through experimentation
 I have been drinking Senseo coffee Dark Roast over the last 8 years . I always loved the strong taste and the creamy layer . This was while I was living in the Netherlands.A few months ago I moved to the US . I decided to continue my habit . I bought an American Senseo coffeemaker and American Senseo coffee pods -LRB- Dark Roast -RRB- . Although the coffee still tastes a lot better than any other coffee I have tasted in the US -LRB- including Starbucks ! -RRB- , the taste still is n't quite the same as in the Netherlands . I even switched over to using bottled water instead of tap water . It did improve the taste some , but not enough to make me forget the taste of Senseo coffee in the Netherlands.Mind you ... I am still quite happy to be living in the US . There is plenty of stuff to make up for the taste of my coffee :-RRB- .
 This coffee is really good ! We have been drinking it for our morning pick-me-up for the last 4 years ! My Husband says he has never had better.When we have quests and serve this coffee they all agree with him . We have an Amazon subscription to have it delivered monthly to our door so we do n't run out . Thanks Amazon for offering this great product
 The dark roast Senseo brand pods are more like a `` regular cup of coffee '' than the others . Very good single brew cup with nice crema layer .
 Subscribe and save , you wo n't be sorry . The options in monthly delivery are so convenient , I used a coupon code and saved 40 % on my pods , ca n't beat it with a stick . For a stronger coffee blend , take the pod out and steep for a minute , I am going to try different variety packs to get the most out of the deal , the dark roast is good , but I think I can do better . Most complaints I see are the strength of the coffee variety , the steeping trick works , there is coffee left in the pod , also , if your not rushed try blending the coffee with the pod between two cups .
 Love this coffee ... a nice , smooth , robust cup of coffee with no bitterness.And signing up for Amazon 's subscription/automatic shipping program is one of the smartest things I 've ever done . It 's not only convenient , but it saves me money and time ... I get 4 bags sent to my door for what 3 bags would cost in the supermarket , and I do n't have to go there and back for them either . Works for me !
 The Dark Roast is my favorite Senseo coffee . I love a super strong cup of coffee , and the other flavors/strengths just do n't cut it for me . The only thing better is coffee from a French coffee press and I usually do n't have the time for that method on a typical morning . Amazon 's `` Subscribe and Save '' program is great for this product too . I get 2 cases of coffee in the mail every couple weeks , free shipping AND a discount to boot ... and I never have to wonder or worry about whether the grocery store is out of stock , which they usually are !
 THIS COFFEE IS GREAT , GREAT TASTING AND THE PODS ARE SO EASY TO USE . THE ORDER IS FILLED QUICKLY AND THIS IS THE EASIEST WAY TO GET THESE PODS , WHICH ARE SOMETIMES HARD TO FIND IN THE STORES .
 The dark is not that much stronger than medium , so be aware if you like it strong ! I tried the ecopods and they just do n't compare to the ease and taste of the originals . They may be a bit pricey -LRB- I always use two and it averages out to about .55 a cup -RRB- , but in my mind , well worth it for taste and convenience .
 It does n't get much simpler than this . All one has to do is put the pod in the Senseo coffee maker , fill it up with water , press the button for one or two cups and , less than two minutes later , you have yourself some great-tasting coffee.The machine itself is not expensive and the pods , while not cheap , are n't very expensive , either.While Senseo is the equivalent of espresso -LRB- it looks and tastes strong -RRB- , the coffee itself will not have you bouncing off the walls . It gives you just the right amount of zing to go about your day.Senseo is definitely worth a try -LRB- but , beware , there is the tendency to love this coffee -RRB- . - Donna Di Giacomo
 The Senseo machine and Senseo dark roast coffee pods produce the best cup or mug of coffee in the world.Consistently rich and flavorsome , this brand of coffee -LRB- when used with well filtered water -RRB- will put a smile on your face and a happy taste for your libation each day . Better than an expensive mug or cup of commercially brewed coffee from any coffee house , Senseo brand never lets you down.Worth every penny to allow you to enjoy coffee as it should be -- and made at home !!
 For at least a full year now , we have been using Senseo Dowe Egberts Dark Roast Coffee Pods , and the Senseo brewing system in our home . As people who appreciate the difference between Good coffee , and the `` average cup of Java '' , we feel that the original Senseo `` Dark Roast '' Coffee Pods , make the best cup of coffee possible . Amazon 's excellent service and price helps an already perfect situation .
 Excellent coffee , dark roast flavor , brews fast and only have to make one or two cups at a time .
 Convenient , great taste , if you have n't tried this coffee yet , you are in for a lovely surprise .
 If you have a Senseo machine and drink a lot of coffee ... this is a great value and will stock you up for a while . Dark yet smooth roast .
 I found the mild was undrinkable and the medium barely tolerable . But the dark roast is quite good . Its on the Starbuck-type bitter side , but not as strong . None of these single serving coffee machines will taste like fresh ground . That is why you get some one star reviews for the Senseo.I keep the Senseo in my office for hassle-free single servings and it is great for that . Even the dark roast is really not strong enough to qualify as espresso , so I suggest you just use the double packets and make a large cup.Here is a further hint . Use a 10 oz cup , not a standard 8 . Then put your milk in the cup and microwave for 30 seconds BEFORE you make the coffee . After coffee is make make sure to stir with a stirrer . Stirring is important and is actually recomended by Philips.As long as your expectations are down to earth you should enjoy this product . The machine itself has been flawless and doesnt seem flimsy at all .
 Sure , Sarah Lee and the pholks at Philips think this baby produces the best coffee you 'll ever taste . It does n't . The snotty coffee folks , like myself , roast our own coffee and it is utterly superior . However it is a royal PITA to tote fresh beans into the office and I 'm the only one willing to go to that much trouble for coffee in my office.To solve this little problem , I purchased a Senseo and these pleasant Douwe Egberts Dark pods ! It 's a sturdy machine , completely employee-proof , and quite tidy . The coffee it produces is far better than anything that comes in a can and certainly will give Starbucks a run for their $ 6 venti 's . Think of the DE pods as an easy way to get fresh , hot , pleasant coffee in about 30 seconds . Use two pods , one dark and one medium for a fuller flavor profile or , if you 're a low-caf freak , do one decaf and one caf.I agree with another reviewer that you 've got ta pre-warm the mug you 're using if you like hot coffee-and the best way to do this is with some leche in the microwave . One final tip which out to assuage some of the folks who think the DE 's are weak : Run a few seconds of hot water through the machine without a pod inside . This gets the metal plates wet and hot . A good thing . Put your pods on the wet plates and close the machine . Let it sit for a few seconds . This lets the coffee get wet and swell a bit . This is called pre-infusion in the espresso trade and if you pull your 8 oz of pleasure now , it will taste pretty darned good.-J
 The Millstone and Folgers pods for the Home Cafe system 's fit in the Senseo machine from Philips . Podhead.com is going to have Senseo compatible pods in the near future so we are not limited by Douwe Egberts coffee as Phillips would like you to belive .
 The coffee machine is probably the best coffee maker I 've ever used , so long as you use their coffee Senseo Douwe Egberts pods . I purchased my coffee maker from Target ... what a disaster since they do n't keep consistent stock of the recommended coffee pods for this coffee maker . I now purchase my pods from Amazon ... they are dependable , in-stock and tax free .
 I have been drinking Douwe Egberts red label coffee for about 4 years now and the last time I was in Holland visiting friends I had a taste of Senseo Crema Dark Roast ... I love this coffee ... It is a fantastic blend and is so easy to make a cup of the coffee ... Last year I was given the Senseo Coffee maker and spent the money to have a special outlet installed in my kitchen and the plug changed on the coffee maker so I could enjoy it ... I would not pass on this coffee ever . . It is adictive , it is that good ... Buy this coffee maker and this Dark Roast blend and you will see what I mean ... It is well worth the money ... Also for those who did n't like the coffee , remember to read the instructions carefully because you first have to run clear water thru the Senseo before you use it ... . It adds to the flavor of the coffee and prepares the maker for use ... If I could I would rate this with 10 stars ...
 I like this one a bit more than the medium roast . More robust , not great but good enough .
 The Dark Roast is the best of the coffee pods available for the Senseo Coffee Machine . Full body coffee and as with all the coffee made with the Senseo Coffee Machine , never burnt . Fantastic !
 The Douwe Egberts dark roast is the best of all the senseo compatible pods currently available in the United States . While it lacks the slightly fruity nuances that many of us who patron starbucks have come to love and expect . It delivers a quick , convenient coffee that is full bodied , rich , and devoid of a burnt flavor .
 A year ago we brought the Senseo machine back from Holland and have been using it with a $ 100 transformer here in the States , but it was worth it all . Now we 're overjoyed that the machines have finally come to the USA , we already purchased three and have recommended it to friends who also have bought the machine . Our favorite is the Dark Roast as we have tried all flavors while in Holland . Yesterday we brought back the newest flavors from Europe
 We have a lot of heavy coffee drinkers who appreciate very strong coffee . Senseo Dark Roast satisfies them and gives them the richness and boldness of very fine coffee .
 I was not a true coffee drinker until I tried the Senseo . The coffee has the best taste and flavor of all the products out on the market . I just wish i could purchase the product in the Supermarket it would be so much easier . I think anyone who is a coffe drinker would attest this is the best product on the market .
 This is good coffee I grew up on.I am DutchI like the foam it creates and the convenience and speed of the coffee pods !
 A very rich taste especially with the foam at the top . I almost became addicted to this coffee . I was drinking way too much caffeine . But the flavor is fabulous with lots of body . I have now just talked myself into having a cup.EW
 I like the product . I like the free shipping . I can get the product from you for less than I can get it at the store . My only problem has been using more than one case a month but less than two . So I got the attachment shown in my purchases to carry me through the period when I am out.Dan
 I advised Amazon that I did not receive this package even though the documentation said it was delivered . Amazon said I have to check with my postoffice . My postoffice says I have to file a form , which I did . I am going to advise my credit card company that I will not pay the charge on the bill . I like the senseo coffee pods very much and the Dark Roast are hard to find at my grocery store . That 's why I ordered them online.Susan Cohn
 I was very skeptical when I first purchased the Senseo , but me and my guests have been very impressed with it ... I would highly recommend the machine and the Senseo coffee as well . You would not be making any comprises . Promise.I have had the machine for a year now , and it produces the same quality cup of coffee today as it did the first day .
 Ok , you have or want a Pod machine . Many choices , the Senseo is the best of them . Why you want to buy one is likely because you want barista coffee that 's easy , cheap , or fast . The Senso does that , but it 's not better than espresso . Maybe as good , that 's for you to determine.That 's the usual tradeoff
 I still like using the Senseo machine and pods . They are super convenient - allowing for just a cup of coffee when I want it and not having to deal with either cooked coffee that has been sitting on the warming tray too long or cold coffee . I use my in the office . It is in a common kitchen area . Several others staff have their own little mini coffee pots and have to do the measuring of how many cups of water and how many scoops of coffee . I just pop in the pop , push the button , and in 90 seconds have a hot cup of fresh coffee.and that is good enough to get started in the morning .
 My husband loves this rich , robust dark roast coffee . We agree it is much better than Starbucks and we love the pricing . It is not as strong or leaves a chicory aftertaste like Starbucks . I am a fan too , but prefer the medium roast . Either way you can not lose . Santa brought us a Senseo coffee machine with the Dark and Medium Roast Pods . Of course , Santa would chose the perfect strength for each of us !
 excellant coffee . I ca n't believe it is so easy to get exactly what I like . Excellant service .
 The dark roast is good coffee . Never liked the other flavors . Well , the decaf is OK . Super Saver Subscription brings price down to about $ 0.22 per cup of coffee . And Senseo means it 's always fresh . Occasionally one pod in a pack will have ripped open -LRB- in transit , or from manufacturer -RRB- . This makes a mess of the other pods and will result in the occasional extra gritty bits in your coffee . Call Senseo if this happens , and they 'll send you a coupon for another bag .
 We got a Senseo machine 5 years ago as a gift from a friend and would never go back to regular drip coffee . This is full , rich , and has a wonderful little foam on top .
 Senseo coffee and coffeemaker are better than buying fancy coffee . The aroma , flavor and body is wonderful .
 My wife and I each have one cup of coffee each morning before we leave for work . We 've had a Senseo maker now for about 4 years . We have found that the Dark Roast coffee makes a very rich , flavorful cup of coffee . Much better than any drip maker . We both use two pods and make a double cup for both of us . It 's a great help to getting us going in the morning . It is n't cheap but we feel it 's worth it . We buy the coffee from Amazon or Target -LRB- when they have any -RRB- .
 What can I say ... If Douwe Egberts was good enough for my dutch grandmother , it 's perfect for me . I like this flavor best with my Senseo ... It has a nice dark full body flavor without the burt bean taste I tend sense with starbucks . It 's a shame most americans have n't bought into single serve coffe makers as our Dutch counter parts have . Every cup is fresh brewed and does n't sit long enough on my desk to get that old taste either .
 I like to treat myself on the weekends , and I truly love this coffee . I can relax and enjoy it very much before I get started with my daily work .
 I discovered Douwe Egberts coffee on a trip to the Netherlands a few years ago and fell in love with the excellent flavor . At that time , and perhaps still today , the only way to get that coffee in the states was via Senseo . Then , gradually , even Senseo started disappearing from the grocery shelves . Thankfully Senseo -- like so many other things -- is available through Amazon . It 's the same great quality delivered to my door .
 I order these for my elderly mother . She finds them easy to use with minimal clean-up . The flavor is also good .
 I enjoyed the Senseo coffee pods for 2 years , and now they become so expensive since Senseo withdrawn from the US market.Google it and found others had the same problem too . Tried one of the suggestions from others , switched to Baronet coffee pods -LRB- larger size of pods -RRB- so you will need the coffee Duck to hold it in.Search Amazon for the following product to use ... Coffeeduck Classic
 The 4 pack is so cost effective . I love the Dark Roast -LRB- and medium roast -RRB- flavor . Just add some creamer and good to go . Brewing is easy and the smell of the coffee carries throughout my apartment . Love it !
 Senseo pods make great coffee , and are more environmentally friendly than K-cups . Right now -LRB- May 2012 -RRB- , Senseo pods are a little hard to find , but I 've been assured that they 'll be back at normal supply levels in the near future .
 After being introduced to Senseo Dark Roast Coffee I realized that it tasted better than any specialty coffee I had ever tasted , including ones I bought at Starbucks or similar stores . It also tastes very good when Baileys is added . However , it is almost impossible to find the pods in stores any more ; therefore , I purchase them through Amazon .
 I really like the Senseo Coffee Pods . My old Senseo maker broke and I got a Bunn . The Senseo pods fit perfectly . I do prefer when Amazon has the variety packs , but they were out and so was I , so I got the Dark Roast . I would love it if Senseo would print the name or a code of some kind to tel one pod flavor from another I take them out of the bags and put them in canisters . So far of all the brands of pods I have tried , Senseo 's is the best flavor .
 I know I will always have my perfect cup of coffee with foam on top . It is extremely easy to make and cleaning takes less than a minute . I highly recommend it .
 I first experienced Douwe Egbert coffee when I lived in Brussels , and happily sipped it daily for several years . Imagine my dismay when returning to this country I found no equivalent that could spark my taste buds to the same degree no matter how many coffee vendors I tried.At long last , I once again have a deeply satisfying , caffeinated nectar to sip as I gradually come to life each morning on my patio overlooking the lake . Thank you Philips and Douwe Egbert for adding immensely to the quality of my life and bringing Europe back to me , if only for a few minutes each day.As a postscript , let me add that I think the Senseo coffee maker , for the price , is superb .
 I 've had a Senseo for several months . I have tried several coffee blends , and find that I enjoy the dark roast the most .
 I love this dark roast coffee ! I am not the type of person who buys coffee at coffee shops and such , I just like one cup every morning . This coffee has a nice aroma and rich with a slightly bitter flavor -LRB- which is what I like -RRB- .
 This coffee is my husband 's favorite . I enjoy the Medium Roast myself . This coffee tastes great !
 Amazon prices for Senseo Coffee Pods are less expensive than what I was able to find in other places . When I added shipping etc from other sources it would then cost me more than when I purchase from Amazon . Great service and fast delivery and great tasting coffee.Senseo Douwe Egberts Dark Roast Coffee Pods , 18-Count Packages -LRB- Pack of 4 -RRB-
 We got a Senseo machine at work . I was skeptical . Then I tried it.I 'm not at all sure that it saves energy , but it sure does make terrific coffee.I favor the Dark Roast variety.And Douwe Egberts Dark Roast Coffe Pods have turned me into a Pod Person.So I bought a pod machine for the house.Greeeeaaaat stuff .
 We love this product , it stays fresh , is ready in minutes and has the same advantages as products madewith more expensive espresso machines .
 I consider myself very lucky , I am a degenerate caffeine addict , and this is a very costly habit . I walked out of a $ 7/day cappuccino habit to brewing my own coffee , which was slightly cheaper . When I discovered pods , I tried every premium brand I could find , but none really pleased me.Then I ran into the Senseo Douwe Egberts Dark Roast Coffee Pods at Target . Not only they were exactly what I wanted , but they cost half as much as my next candidate.The problem
 For a pod coffee system , this is one of the best ! Very flavorful .
 I am very impressed with the Senseo coffee system . I have tried several of the coffees available and all are good , especially the Vienna . Its not as rich as the Bold roasts of Starbucks but its still an awesome cup of Brew . The Dark roast is quite rich and aromatic . Try it , you 'll like it .
 Great product at reasonable price ; hope to find it again at an evern better price .
 I think Amazon is the best on line shopping place , there is . It has quality fast shipping and great service . Thanks Amazon , keep it up.I wouldnt get my coffee pods any where else .
 No more visits to the espresso stands . Add a little milk to the Senseo dark roast coffee and you have the BEST latte ever . -LRB- and WAAAAY cheaper and more convenient ! -RRB- Receive great raves from everyone I serve it to .
 I can not even think of drinking any other coffee ! It is better than any specialty coffee from and shop or coffee house . Ca n't be beat .
 We 've enjoyed Senseo coffee for a couple of years now . I prefer the dark roast . Tastes like coffee from Starbucks , only much cheaper .
 I 'm so glad that I found this subscription offer . It 's a great price with no shipping !!
 I love the convenience of Senseo pods -- pop 'em in , fill the water tank , and press the start button . The dark roast is my favorite , but I wish Senseo would come out with a French roast and other darker , richer varieties . I know there 's a Senseo espresso now , but it requries purchasing an espresso pod holder , so I have n't tried it yet . Perhaps it would work in my regular two-pod holder if I used one espresso pod and one dark roast pod ... have n't tried it yet . That works with other pod brands that I sometimes use with the Senseo pods -- one of each in the two-pod holder . I tried Senseo Sumatra , but did n't go back ; less satisfying than the dark roast . We go through six to eight Senseo pods daily at my house , so I take advantage of the handy automatic order process through Amazon . I love serving Senseo dark roast coffee to guests . They 're always impressed by the foamy head and fresh-made taste and aroma . It 's good coffee , but I sure would like more darker , stronger varieties .
 Senseo Douwe Egberts dark roast coffee is a finer cup of coffee than I 've ever gotten in a -LRB- corporate owned -RRB- coffee shop . Using two pods produces a full bodied cup of coffee without a hint of bitterness . I used to spend hours grinding coffee beans and tamping down espresso in a portafilter . Now , I can get a cup of coffee that is infinitely superior to American auto-drip coffee -LRB- i.e. dish water -RRB- in under a minute .
 What more can be said ? Good , clean , full bodied ... it sounds like a commercial . It 's so good that , I 'm sorry to say , even my kids like it .
 This coffee is the best we ever found in the USA . Of course we have also the Philips-Senseo coffe-maker . WE LOVE IT !
 Great Coffee which is hard to find in local stores
 I have been using the Senseo for some time now and I realy can not live without it anymore . It changed my life !! You have to try it now !
 I am trying to find out if these Senseo pods will work in the Melitta One-One . Do n't even say , `` Call Customer Service '' . They all act like mindless drones who insist that you must purchase THEIR coffee maker , but WILL NOT answer the question whether the Senseo pod will fit/work in the one-one . E-mail me
 I like this item B0001ES9FI very much You should read more reviews to find out more about it
 When I received the 16 pod pack rather than the larger one pictured , I was disappointed . However , J&R customer service was WONDERFUL . I called them , and they reimbursed everything -LRB- shipping included -RRB- They also gave me the opportunity to keep the ones I had at a reduced price . For the great customer service , 5 stars ! : -RRB-
 I will not drink any other kind of coffee at home . I have the Senseo machine & very happy with this .
 I was very happy with the taste of the Douwe Egberts Dark Roast Coffee Pods . It has a nice rich coffee flavor and also has a nice froth on the top . I will be happy to order this coffee again .
 The Senseo Douwe Egbertts Dark Roast is as close as I 've found for a strong cup of coffee out of a pod coffee maker . I use the 5 oz . and it 's still not strong enough , but hey , the convenience is there . If the pods were stronger -LRB- for me , a lot stronger -RRB- I 'd give Senseo the full 5 stars .
 I have yet to try the other coffee flavors , but I have to say -LRB- being a bit of a coffee snob at times -RRB- the dark roast was the best cup of coffee I 've had at home , or most locations , ever ! I love dark coffee but can never get the taste quite right , with these I can drink it black and it 's perfect . I was going to try another flavor but I 'm so in love with these I had better stock up ! They do seem a bit pricey , but for a good cup of coffee quickly , this stuff is the best !
 The process of pushing water with a certain amount of pressure through these pods , produces a flavorful , frothy cup of coffee . If however you use one pod for each four ounces , you are not having an inexpensive experience . If however you supplement your brew with instant coffee and brew eight ounces of coffee from each pod , you can get the same frothy effect and have more control over how strong your want your coffee.I even know somebody who uses each pod twice -LRB- sixteen ounces of coffee from each pod -RRB- . There is not as much froth on the second round but the coffee is still serviceable .
 This tastes more like Starbucks than any other coffee I 've tried . It 's my favorite for the Senseo machine , although I have n't tried the Vienna yet .
 If you like your Senseo coffee strong , then you have one choice , as all other styles and flavors seem to brew up kinda weak . Many of my friends like a combo of one dark and one flavored .
 I love the dark roast but the Target near my house has the 18-packs for $ 3.83 each . So it 's cheaper to go to Target .
 almost the best home brewed coffee i have ever had and the price is great much less expensive than the grocery store i highly reccomend it if your into coffee
 I really like my new Senseo maker , but I found that with one pod the flavor was too weak and with two it was too strong . So I found a way that anyone can make their own pods at home on another website.Now I make my very own coffee pods with my favorite brand of coffee . It costs a LOT less and the flavor is EXACTLY right .
 Going on a regular basis to Holland , I got to know the Philips Senseo coffee machine well . I even have one in my condo overthere . Since I knew that the machine was introduced in North America I tried to buy one in Canada . But no such luck , the machine is only available in the USA , too bad . I bought one in the US , including the whole stock of Douwe Egberts dark roast coffee pods in the local U.S. Wall Mart . I thought that I could order more supply over the internet only to find out that shipping is only available in the U.S. Shame on Philips and Douwe Egberts for not introducing the machine and the coffee in Canada as well.I can really recommend the dark roast coffee pods , the machine works very well , but I would even be more happy if I could go to my own -LRB- Canadian -RRB- store and buy the stuff instead of asking my mom to bring the coffee from Holland , where they have by the way more coffee varieties such as mocca , French vanilla etc.Henny de Gruijter , Sooke B.C. , Canada
 Simply because I always get up late and need a fresh cup of good strong coffee to get me started . As I 'm always in a rush , this machine , that brews one or two cups of coffee in abouyt 90 seconds is a life-saver . The coffee tastes great -LRB- especially the Dark Roast -RRB- and has the frothy cream layer I always liked so much from the Cafe-creme they serve in Europe .
 I just got the new Senseo coffeemaker and it 's been a hit in our office . The dark roast coffee is just that , and I recommend it for those who like a hearty brew . My only gripe is that the dark roast definitely tastes like Columbian coffee -- I 'd like to see a variety of blends , not just a variety of coffee strengths . I 'm also buying some of the Melitta pods to see if they work with the Philips coffeemaker .
 I 'm an American living in Belgium and have used a Senseo since my $ -LSB- ... -RSB- Italian Automatic Espresso machine packed it in about four years ago . The Senseo makes great coffee using the pads -LRB- pods -RRB- available here . I use D-E Medium with a good slug of milk and my Belgian wife uses a grocery store generic VERY STRONG with three or four teaspoons of light brown sugar in a cup not much larger than a thimble . This machine suits our different tastes perfectly -LRB- as a matter of fact , so did the old Italian machine , but it was too expensive at the time to buy a new one -RRB- . The reason for this mail is that we 've decided to move back to the U.S. this fall . We were thrilled to find that the Senseo is now available in the U.S. My wife had actually threatened to take our machine with her and buy a 110v . to 220v . transformer to satisfy her needs for a `` fix '' . I sympathized , as I 'm not sure how long I 'd survive on American perked or dripped coffee in the morning . In fact , we 'll probably buy two machines 'cause we also plan to buy a motor home and do a lot of traveling . I 'm sure we 'll have to try several different `` pods '' -LRB- that term will take some getting used to for us -RRB- . But thank you Amazon for making everything so easily available . We 'll be back in touch in the fall .
 I 've found the pods to be weaker in strength than what a filtered reg . coffee maker would make . I therefore use only the dark pods and use 2 pods for 11/2 cups , stopping the cycle before it completes the second cup . It 's an easy way to make a small mug of coffee and easy to clean up after but for true coffee lovers its not the best choice .
 I bought this coffee pot because I go to work very early and to make a whole pot would be a waste.Now we are spoiled and only drink Senseo coffee.We like the dark roast , we use one pod and make two cups.I was having a very hard time finding the pods in the supermaket and was happy to find it at Amazon-the price is great and its shipped directly to my home .
 This Coffee machine is top notch . It creates , realistic , European style -LRB- just like i had in Amsterdam -RRB- coffee in about a minute . If one is a true coffee lover , with a discerning taste , then one will be impressed with the quality of coffee this machine puts out . It 's much less expensive than buying at Starbucks , and also much better tasting than Starbucks . One draw back , is that , one ca n't find the coffee pods sold everywhere , but it 's worth it , if you require quality coffee in your cup.This coffee lover , gives this machine a final grade of A + .
 As Dutch citizen in the States , I have missed my cup of coffee.Finally , my worries are over . The Senseo is sensational.The pods are too expensive though.In Holland supermarkets sell compatible pods from their own brand , same quality a third of the price .
 I just got the senseo coffee machine and it came with the medium and light coffee . I ordered the dark myself . I much prefer the dark . Its richer and has a fuller body . Its stronger . If you like stronger coffee this is the one for you.I also tried to double up the medium blend . While this was better it still wasnt as good as the dark .
 This Dark roast coffee taste nice and very close to the expensive nEspresso machine cofee taste from my work . Like it .
 I now ordered and reordered Senseo Egberts Dark Roast Coffee Pods from Amazon.com 5 times . It 's great having free shipping , saving money over the retail price and not having to go out to the store . Thanks Amazon.com
 Pod type coffee takes the guess work out of making the morning cup o'joe . D&E ; Coffee is smooth with a great frothy head . Wish they offered an espresso pod.Buz
 I 've tried all the varying blends ... mild through dark roast , flavored . . and dark roast wins hands down for a taste similar to a conventional quality drip blend.I usually prefer Starbucks while on the road but for a quick home brew with no mess , Dark Roast is my preference for a good single cup of coffee .
 Utterly delicious and often hard to find in grocery stores here inbucolic San Francisco .
 If you like your coffee dark and flavorful , strong and smooth without bitterness , this is the right choice for the Senseo Coffeemaker . I have tried a number of substitutes and all have been disappointing .
 We have been using this coffe for more than a year and we love it . However , it is expensive on a ` per serving ' basis . It is also hard to find . The grocery is often sold out . The best price and most reliable supplier we have found is Amazon.com .
 And I make it in my favorite coffee maker ... Senseo 's . Of all the coffee they make , the Dark Roast is my favorite ... just like the coffee I got in Holland ! The Decaf is alright for the evening after dinner and it 's all that my husband can have . But the morning is the time for me to have the deep rich coffee of dark roast Senseo . It 's the best !
 I can use this dark pods and get a big mug cup out of one pod . Using 2 made it too strong for our family . This allows the coffee to go twice as far . GREAT BUDGET IDEA . Overall I like the combo of the pot and the pods .
 My husband enjoys this full flavor of coffee , especially in the morning .
 Its fast and easy to use . No mess no fuss . Coffee comes out fresh and tasty . Whats not to love ?
 The Senseo is a great machine when you do n't have time to make and enjoy a pot . I still enjoy the weekend pot of coffee however this is great for a quick fix.The reason I give the Dark Roast the 5 stars is because its the fullest flavored product they currently have . If you thought the other flavors were just too weak try this one .
 This is great tasting coffee and so easy and quick to use.Amazon service is the best !!!
 We enjoy the taste , as well as the simplicity and ease , of making a fresh cup of coffee whenever desired .
 Product is very easy to use to make a single cup of coffee . No more wasteing a full pot of coffee for one cup .
 When freshly brewed , this is my favorite coffee . However , it does repeatedly get an after-taste when it cools or sits .
 Our family has been hooked on Senseo coffee for about a year . The dark roast is the best . It 's a nice , rich , full flavored cup of coffee !
 The Senseo coffee is a great easy alternative to the regular american coffee , virtually no clean-up or maintenance . Do n't give it a 5 because it is far from a perfect espresso and a little pricey .
 I never have a bad cup of Senseo , which I consider our backup to the Keurig machine and cups . It 's simpler and cheaper -- and good .
 If you are looking for a really dark , intense Starbucks like brew , this is not that strong . It suits me perfectly .
 I was so glad to find Senseo pods on Amazon ; they are just about impossible to find in a store where I live . Senseo coffee is so good ; made a coffee lover out of a non coffee drinker !
 I titled my review `` simple dark roast coffee '' because that 's exactly what it makes . There is very little complexity to this coffee , no layers of flavor . And for some strange reason , it fails to create a crema/foam in the cup . I purposely use the espresso insert in my maker in order to get the crema , I just run the pods 3 times to get a proper cup . This pod fails to create the foam and that is a little disappointing . But the taste is good and I enjoy my cup every morning .
 Amazon gave me the Best Senseo coffee deal , ever !!! The delivery was sooner than Icould ever have thought . My package of Senseo arrived perfectly . No bumps , no packagebreakage . Overall , a great experience .
 I use these pods every day and can purchase them at my local market . The price on Amazon was much more reasonable and was delivered very promptly . They also had a acceptable experation date .
 I have used this product for some time.However , not all grocery stores carry it.When I saw the add on Amazon.com ` se-mail I decided to send for it . The product came in very quickly and I was pleased with the service . A big plus is the fact that it is cheaper than when I purchased it at the store . I am going to have it sent to me every 2 months -LRB- which I think is a great idea -RRB- and I can just cross it off my regular grocery list .
 The price was great and shipping was quick . I would highly recommend this to others who enjoy Senseo coffee .
 This coffee is getting hard to find at Target and Walmart - though I do n't know why . The price via Subscribe and Save is the best I 've found , and it 's wonderful having it delivered -LRB- in fancy boxes , I must add -RRB- to our door on a delivery schedule we choose . Highly recommend both the coffee and the S&S program to receive it . Free shipping !
 I have been a devout believer and drinker of the Senseo Coffee Maker and coffee pods for years . I have given the coffee maker as gifts and regularly hear from friends whom I serve the coffee to state that it is by far the BEST tasting cup of coffee they have had from a home brewer .
 When I have my servents bring my Senseo in the morning , I come alive . The corporate shennanigans I commited drift away and I 'm awash in the sensual pleasure of Senseo . After my first cup , I could shoot a hunting buddy in the face , and still feel like a hundred dollars . When it comes to the coffee you have to pour bourbon in to forget your transgressions , this is the stuff that goes from 0 % proof good to 70 % proof great !
 I love the pods . They are so handy and perfect for a one or two person household . No mess , nothing . I bought one of the little inserts that I can use any super market coffee and it is good but I still prefer the pods . This particular brand of coffee tastes great too . I use one of these pods and push my `` 2 cup button '' and for me , it comes out perfect every day .
 I LOVE this coffee ! I 've taken my coffee with cream only for years , but plenty of it . This coffee is so good I find that I 'm cutting back on the white stuff so I can taste more of the really rich coffee flavor.What a great way to start a day !
 not bad for a single serving pod ... it 's still not strong enough even if I put 2 for me . But easy and fast for those early morning rushes when I do n't have time or money to stop at Starbucks .
 I enjoy this variety when I want a very robust cup of coffee . It has very good flavor .
 I recently sent for a Senseo Coffee Pod maker on a very good deal , & was looking here to get the pods . I read a lot of the reviews , & was looking foward to getting them here , plus this brand sounds like it would be to my taste . However , they apparently do n't ship to Alaska ! At least it said they do n't ship to my location , & since I have gotten other items from Amazon , I assume it 's the Alaska location . How disappointing , after reading so many great reviews . Just had to vent a bit . I enjoyed the reviews , though , they really are a help , good & not-so-good .
 Senseo Douwe Egberts Dark Roast Coffee Pods , 18-Count Packages -LRB- Pack of 4 -RRB- this is a great product and a great service from amazon
 If you have a Senseo , and you drink coffee regularly , this is by far and away the cheapest way to buy the pods .
 I subscribed to receive these and have been using the pods in my senseo for the past week . I have been much happier with my senseo coffee maker as a result of these great tasting coffee pods . If you are in a hurry in the morning , the one cup coffee make is a real help to get out the door .
 Hands down the best coffee on the market . Better than any $ 4 coffee beverage from Starbucks . The Senseo machine even makes foam on the top automatically ! If you are a coffee afficiando , do n't waste time grinding beans and making whole fresh pots of coffee constantly , just get one of these machines and buy these coffee pods !
 These coffee pods have been great . Wife does n't drink coffee so it does n't make sense to make a whole pot . I like coffee strong . This is n't that strong on its regular dose -LRB- 1 pod with 1 serving -RRB- , but it gets the job done . For me , its the convenience and the price . Cheap , simple , and decently tasting .
 If you have a senseo pod coffee maker , this product is a must . It is delcious , fast and no waste .
 I 've been buying this coffee for years and it never disappoints . Start every early morning with a cup !
 Having gone through what I believe to have been every available pod for the Senseo brewer , I am convinced that this blend is by far the best . A nice potent blend with great flavor , aroma , and crema . There is even a lady in my office that fills her conventional coffee pot with these pods beacuse she loves the blend more than anything else . Highly recommended
 My husband and I love our Senseo Coffee machine . The coffee pods are not always available in all stores and they are a bit expensive . By ordering them from Amazon on an automatic delivery system they are a little cheaper and there is no shipping cost . We are very happy with Amazon and this product . We also have gotten the Hazelnut flavor Senseo coffe pods and they are delicious .
 The dark roast is strong enough that I only need 1 pod to do a full mug , so I can have my 2 cups of coffee in the morning with only 2 pods . The other flavors of Senseo required 2 pods per mug .
 We have 2 Senseo coffee makers and love the ease of use with the pods and the variety of flavors . I use the automatic shipment option so i never run out .
 I first tasted this coffee in Holland , and now it is available in the US with the coffee maker it was designed for . A true taste of European coffee at its best . Not for the timid or faint of heart . Real strong coffee , not like the junk made in the US -LRB- brown disk water -RRB- .
 I love the dark roast !!! Especially with fat free half and half . My son loves the vanilla but dark roast is for me . With that creamy layer on top and fat free half and half it 's like dessert !
 I love this coffee , I use it at work . No mess , and good without cream
 Really good and tasty coffee.Easy to make with the Senseo Coffee Maker whichis also wonderful !! Really much superior than Home Cafe Coffee Maker andFolgers or the other coffee pods .
 The Dark Roast Coffee Pods brew a great cup of coffee . It 's no Starbucks but it 's not five bucks a cup either ! ... . less than twenty-five cents !
 So yeah , I feel a little bad taking advantage of my Amazon Prime membership to get coffee pods boxed up and shipped to me two-day , but hey , it 's cheaper this way than buying four bags at the store.If you like drak , strong coffee , this is your best bet among the pod-portioned offerings .
 I like this item B0001ES9FI very much You should read more reviews to find out more about it
 IF YOU LIKE GREAT COFFEE FAST , DOUWE DARK ROAST IS THE BEST I 'VE HAD . I HAVE A SENSEO COFFEE/POD MAKER AND YOU CAN NOT DO ANY BETTER . EXCEPT MAYBE STARBUCKS .
 Positives :1 . Outstanding quality coffee -LRB- better than other manufacturers ' coffee -RRB- 2 . Outstanding shipping service from amazon.com -LRB- free shipping with two 4-pack cases very responsive -RRB- Negatives :1 . The price went up -LRB- previous price of $ 14.97 per 4-pack case is preferable -RRB-
 My family loves the rich vanilla flavor of the Senseo coffee pods , while myself , love the dark roasted . Pretty fair price here on Amazon for coffee pods , as they can get a bit expensive . But ... very much worth it ! I love fresh brewed coffee and having a Senseo coffee maker and using their pods is like getting a coffee treat each day !
 This is an amazing coffee . comes out of the machine with a nice froth on top , very hot and deliciuos . Starbucks was my favourite , but now it is the Pod coffee by philips . try it yourself and you will see it is a great tasting cup of coffee .
 We love this coffee and machine . But you need dark roast -LRB- light is weak , medium ok -RRB- . We tried Maxwell House and Folgers pods too but there was no comparison . We also bought the adapter so you can use your own coffee , but again , no comparison - it came out much weaker no matter how much coffee you crammed in . We also make tea in the maker - just stick a couple of teabags in and you have a frothy cup of tea too . We love this . Anybody want to buy a used Krups ? 2012 UPDATE - I take it all back . Senseo closed up shop apparently and the pods are definitely not the same quality . The taste is n't as good and the seams of the pods splits open - leaving a mess in the bag . Very very unhappy with it - gon na try another brand pod . It 's a sad day in coffee land .
 This is a great strong flavored coffee without bitterness . It keeps well in the thermos too ! Enjoy
 The Senseo coffee maker creates a light foamy coffee regardless of using Dark or light roast . The roast type does establish a wonderful flavor . I can tell a maked difference between using another name brand VS the Senseo brand . &#60; br / &#62; Make a great cup of coffee ! Using Senseo coffee and the Senseo machine , your coffee will be truly Senseo . Senseo is all you can want it to be . &#60; br / &#62; Brett Swearingen
 Shipped very quickly . I 'm so glad these are available again and not for $ 50 . Dark roast tastes great in my Hamilton Beach single coffee machine .
 I have been drinking senseo coffee for about 7 years now . When I first started drinking it I have to admit I thought I was paying too much for it . But compared to the other coffee alternatives out there , this is cheap in my book . After all , nothing beat a great and I mean great cup of coffee first thing in the morning .
 Excellent price for coffee I love . Senseo is no longer available in stores and other online sources are too expensive .
 I was skeptical about all the claims but got to admit , it DOES remind me of the coffee I get when I visit Europe . Creamy , frothy , and great tasting ! I use the Dark Roast pod and make two cups per pod and it is perfect for me -LRB- plus save a little money -RRB- ! I hot , freshly made wonderful mug of coffee in less than a minute .
 Very good coffee . We have gotten rid of our drip coffee maker and only use the senseo . We were always wasting coffee in the drip maker , so this is a great way to use only what we need to . If you like strong coffee , these dark roast pods are great !
 Of all the pods , the dark roast is the best as the flavor is full and most like an espresso .
 I love this coffee ! It brews very well in the Senseo coffee maker . The reason I can not give this 5 stars is the high price .
 I love the Senseo coffe . I have had my coffee maker for 2 years and the Senseo dark is my favorite . I can not even think of drinking drip coffee anymore .
 Friends introduced us to Douwe Egberts regular grind coffee.Our daughter-in-law gave us a Senseo coffee maker.We tried them both over a year ago and I stillstart the day with a frothy cup of the dark roastby Douwe Egberts !
 I have been enjoying the use of my Philips Senseo Coffee maker for over a year . I 'm the only coffee drinker in our family so being able to brew one cup at a time is a conveince.I 've tried other brands of coffee pods with my Senseo machine but the Douwe Egberts pods produce the best cup of coffee with a full , rich , smooth flavor and a nice head of foam . Never tart or bitter.I pefer the Dark Roast but keep some medium and mild roast on hand for guests .
 We really enjoy the dark roast of these coffee pods , however , the only drawback is you always have to use 2 pods because one does not make enough coffee so in that respect they need to make larger bags of pods as they do go pretty fast and are quite expensive .
 I 'm used to drinking Indian filter coffee a lot stronger than this , but this was very acceptable . Amazon offered a much better price than any store in my neighbourhood , at least 2 to 3 dollars less .
 These are fantastic ! Other than blowpops , you ca n't really find any charms products in the store anymore . These are wonderful , and they 're in all of the old , classic flavors -LRB- lime instead of green apple , for example -RRB- . They have a sweet yet tart flavor.Only problem with this can was that it only came with one lime-flavored sour ball . Which is okay because I ended up getting a ton of the cherry flavor .
 Charms sour balls still taste great ! I enjoyed them back in the 60 's , so do n't pass these by , you 'll love them ! Quick delivery too !
 I gave two jars of these tomato preserves to a friend for Mothers ' Day . She spent a number of her younger years on a farm in Nebraska where her mother made tomatoe preserves . She loved them and has not been able to find any in California . So , when I saw them online , I ordered them for her for Mothers ' Day . It was a nostalgic treat for her and I know she 'll be getting more .
 The name says it all . `` Very Cherry '' indeed . This jam is rich in flavor and a delight for your tastebuds . My jam arrived in good time , no dings , breaks or spills . Yum !
 We love using this ! It 's great mixed with a little vodka -LRB- you use a lot of dust for a small amount of vodka , be warned -RRB- and creates a very metallic looking color to your royal icing or fondant . For royal icing make sure it 's dried for 24 hours before you paint it , or it will pit . One note , it does n't work well on chocolate . The silver luster dust covered nicely , but the gold just did n't look right . You could n't get it on thick enough to look like gold .
 I have been working on perfecting a recipe for Steak au poivre and have finally , after three years , hit on it . I only use this product for that recipe , and it works perfectly - 1/2 this with 1/2 Better than Bullion and I get a nicely glazed and very tasty pepper steak . Can not speak for it beyond this recipe , but for this use , I give it five stars .
 I am nuts for Old Fashioneds and I find Fee 's Aromatic to be superior to Angostura . The warm , delicate spice of Fee 's is the perfect complement to a good bourbon .
 I 've had the big name bitters before , but decided to try Fee Brothers , and wow , the flavor is intense , exotic , tropical - I will use Fee Brothers from now on .
 Reiterating previous reviews of this product - Fee Brothers Old Fashion Bitters are an excellent alternative to the angostura brand . I find the aroma stronger , more pleasing , and the flavor more intense . This allows me to put less of the product in my cocktails and still reap great results . I wish it came in a larger bottle !
 I ordered this product because Angostura was scarce locally . My wife says it makes the best manhattan she 's ever had . -LRB- two dashes FB , one ounce sweet vermouth , two ounces good bourbon -RRB- I think this and FB Orange Bitters might become my Christmas stocking stuffer of choice for all my friends - and my bar will likely never see that `` A '' stuff again .
 Order it . Open it . Smell it . Just awesome . Orange , peppery , delicious.Cons
 this are the best bitters we have found . This one is the basic , there are others if you want to branch out .
 This product has a great flavor . It arrived very quickly shortly before Christmas . I am looking forward to trying it with some recipes . Mixed with cinnamon schnapps and bourbon this makes a very warming winter drink .
 Okay . Let 's be strait . I 've been using the old standard Angostura aromatic bitters for decades . It 's what my Father used . I even use to love the fact that years ago , on it 's label , it referenced medicinal use for &#34; flatulence &#34; . It no longer does . Nor does it even list Angostura Bark as an ingredient . Fee Brothers , under it 's ingredients lists -LRB- among other things -RRB- Angostura Bark ! Thank you . Nuff said ?
 Love , love , love the old fashioned bitters . You ca n't go wrong with the classic flavor notes and it was just what our cocktails needed . Thanks !
 I have been a customer of Adagio Tea for the past year and have never been disappointed by their service or tea . My favorite so far is the Yunnan Black . I am typically a green tea drinker but this one is excellent ! Adagio ships quickly and the prices are great !
 I am a tea lover . I wo n't touch coffee , not even mocha or coffee icecream . Over the years I 've gotten to know various different teas and tea brands . Adagio is one of the best brands I 've tried and its prices are better than average for tea of this quality.Yunnan Gold is Adagio 's premium grade Yunnan tea . Its lower grade , Yunnan Jig , is quite good and very inexpensive , but Yunnan gold is fantastic . It is an assertive tea , able to stand up nicely to milk and sugar , but it is n't the slightest bit bitter . I have had it black and it was still tasty , but I prefer to have black teas light and sweet . Even when I have accidentally over-steeped it -LRB- you should steep it for about 3 minutes -RRB- , it was smooth and mellow . There is a natural sweetness to this tea and very complex flavors that are spicy yet subtle.FYI , this is considered a black tea . Black teas are so named , based upon how long they are allowed to ferment . Green tea has the least fermentation , oolong has some fermentation , and black teas are allowed to reach complete fermentation . Generally speaking the more a tea is fermented the more caffiene it contains.This is a perfect all day tea . A pleasure first thing in the morning , and yet delightful all day and into the night -LRB- it has caffiene so if you have insomnia avoid drinking it and all caffiene beverages after 4 PM -RRB- . If you like bold tea , like a hearty Assam or Cylon , this tea might be too delicate for you , although I still suggest you give it a try , you might be seduced by its many virtues .
 For almost two years now I 've been drinking mostly Darjeeling from -LSB- ... -RSB- . -LRB- And that 's after a decade or more of heavy coffee drinking -RRB- . I like their Darjeeling . The experience inspired me to try other teas . And Adagio 's Yunnan Gold was the most impressing among my findings . During the last three weeks I have n't touched my Darjeeling stock . It 's my start of the day . No sugar , no milk , no lemon . My only wish is that Adagio start packing bigger quantities , for customers who live on this side of Atlantic .
 Yunnan gold is one of those teas which has an incredible fan base . I 'm a tea fanatic and wo n't drink coffee , so tea is very important to me . Yunnan Gold is sweet with a slight peppery feel that can be drunk anytime . -LRB- Avoid at night if you 're sensitive to caffeine -RRB- . It is a complex tea that you will be turning to time and again . The only tea I like better is the Golden Monkey because it is so sweet and smooth.If you 're looking to try a really high quality black tea , this is a good one .
 The name says it all . `` Very Cherry '' indeed . This jam is rich in flavor and a delight for your tastebuds . My jam arrived in good time , no dings , breaks or spills . Yum !
 Walnut vinegar is a delicious addition to all kinds of salad dressings -LRB- makes a * great * vinaigrette -RRB- . It gives a mysterious delicious flavor to potato salad , and it 's wonderful over sauteed or steamed greens , asparagus , or green beans right before serving . It caries the flavor of the walnut into foods better than walnut oil . Beware of inferior brands , though -- J. Leblanc is the best one I 've been able to find generally available in the U.S.
 We loved the jam , and when I called with an extra request they were so helpful . We will definitely order from this company again and I will recommend them to friends !
 this jam is wonderful , it has a nice clean taste.it 's not too sweet or to sour.i always wondered what chokecherry tasted like , from reading references to it in native american stories.now i know and am so glad to have tried it . it 's something i will keep ordering
 First
 I have switched to a low fat diet -LRB- all kinds of fat -RRB- . I get 1 eating right broccoli slaw package canola oilin my scanpan garlic ginger paste , onions -LRB- optional -RRB- , pour in the contents broccoli , cabbage , carrots or similar -LRB- loads of veggies to choose -RRB- , then oyster sauce and low sodium soy sauce , a teaspoon of each per 2 cups of veggies , stir fry for 10 minutes max and voila Chinese veggies . Drop a few drops of rice wine vinegar and pull the noodles out of the micowave -LRB- 7minutes on high in my Fastapasta -RRB- and Dinner for 2 or 2 nites !!!! Sriracha sauce optional . All done in 15 minutes 0000 saturated fat and delicous .
 These noodles are the real thing . They taste exactly like the Asian noodles you get at a Chinese food place . The best part is that they are healthy ! They have no trans fat and barely any regular fat . Try these with a bunch of veggies and some stir-fry sauce on top for a delicious and quick dinner that is good for you . These are also a great value if you order them on Amazon with the subscribe and save .
 the perfect noodle with excellent flavor , awesome texture which does notturn soggy , and a perfect complement to any stir fry or broth . my nextpurchase will be for 2 cases . this is the best !
 Annie Chun 's Chow Mein Noodles are excellent . I was pleasantly surprised when it took less than 5 minutes for the noodles to soften in boiling water -LRB- I had cooked for 3 -RRB- . I have used these noodles in soup and dry dishes . They taste very good and have a nice , firm texture in both . Good quality chow mein noodles can be hard to find , so I am happy I found these on Amazon and ordered them with Subscribe & Save .
 I received these in the mail recently and tried them out last night based on others reviews . I was very pleased with the texture , taste , size -LRB- length and width -RRB- and quality of the noodle . I ca n't wait to use them again .
 These are the best noodles around . They have great taste and texture . They cook quickly . I use them for my stir-fry , and they have even replaced my regular spaghetti .
 These are a high quality noodle that is excellent for Lo Mein or other Asian dishes . Consistant quality with great taste and texture .
 I sampled this beautiful cheese at the Harvest Grill in Dobson , NC part of Shelton Winery ... it was on our wedge salad and made our whole meal ... I immediately asked what is was and found it here on Amazon ... order it , you wo n't be sorry !!
 This is a very nice , versatile item in Jyoti 's lineup . I had this for lunch today with a peas/carrot/corn organic veggie combo mixed in , and it was tasty and filling.Here 's my opinion
 Our favorite way to serve this item is to mix it with chicken , but it 's great as is if you 're a vegetarian.To address an earlier review -LRB- which gave the product a single star when it was clear the reviewer was actually rating the Amazon site , not the product -RRB-
 What can I say this is totally my own viewpoint but I LOVE this stuff . To me heating is optional . I have to buy this at a health food store 20 miles away from me but I make the trek every month and stock up . I usually by every can they have -LRB- like 6 -RRB- I have a very hard time not eating the entire can in one sitting . Good gracious I love this Stuff ! Oh and when they say spicy buttermilk sauce , it 's really a highly spiced sauce not a hot sauce . one word
 I got tired of waiting for my monthly trek to the healthfood store an hour away to buy this product , and searched here to see if I could buy it `` on demand '' . I was thrilled to see it offered , as well as all the other Jyoti products . It is my favorite canned product ever . I have produced a reasonable facsimile with potatoes , curry , and buttermilk , but cant get the incredible spice mixture of the original right . It may be the only dish I like better out of a can than what I can make fresh.as for the previous review regarding the `` dumplingness '' - the word dumpling has been used to mean so many different things , meat or filling wrapped in dough , a flour/water paste dropped by spoonfuls into boiling water , or a dessert made by wrapping fruit in pastry and baked . These dumplings are made by mixing cooked potatoes with flours , oil and spices , so while they do differ from more traditional dumplings , it is a nice descriptive term for them - much better than `` little balls of spice potato mixture '' - lol.as for restraint ? I have none and now when I open the can I am going to eat the whole thing . I add just enough water to rinse the residual goodness out of the can and most often eat it as soup . If I only have one can and have to share it , I pour it over rice and add some sliced chicken and veggies.Enjoy !
 As an experienced cook , I can remember when using an ingredient out of a can signified that you were cut off from fresh ingredients and therefore were up a creek without a paddle . Then I met Jyoti canned entrees , and my world turned upside down . Jyoti makes Indian entrees out of the freshest possible ingredients and manages to put them into a can and preserve the freshness . Moreover , the ingredients are perfectly seasoned , and can be used right out of the can . Not that I do , but I could . My usual method of cooking with Jyoti is to prepare a meat ingredient such as fresh ground lamb , seasoned with Kalyustan 's Jordanian lamb spice , with yogurt as a binding ingredient , and finely chopped onion . I saute brown mustard seed , decorticated cardamom pods , turmeric , cumin seeds , fenugreek seeds , fennel seeds in a little oil , saute the meatballs until just brown , and then add the Jyoti spicy potato dumplings in buttermilk sauce until heated . Serve on naan , for which I usually substitute whole wheat pita , sprayed with olive oil and heated . Jyoti ingredients are a wonderful discovery for the casual Indian cook .
 I was a little taken aback when I first ate this . The potato dumplings have a texture suspiciously similar to tater-tots . Though surprising , this is not a downside - if anything it improved the overall awesomeness of this sauce concoction . I eat it on brown rice and its tangy salty creaminess reminds me of mac & cheese . It is n't exactly the healthiest thing you could eat , but it is really satisfying . I would recommend eating it on something else , however . It is a little overpowering -LRB- though not very spicy -RRB- on its own .
 If I had to choose one word to describe this Indian stew by Jyoti , it would be delightful ! Admittedly , I 'm a relative novice to this kind of Asian cooking , but I know what I like , and I really like this stuff ! The delicious buttermilk sauce was thick and creamy , whilst the potato dumplings were just plain scrumptious . Be forewarned , however , that this dish is heavily spiced and salted ! From what I gather , this is typical for Indian cuisine . The unique blend of spices is , all at once , wonderfully exotic and nearly overpowering . The curry flavor comes right-on through , whilst the other spices were a bit more subtle , yet completely unfamiliar . Adding some fresh vegetables , e.g. , sugar snap peas , Vidalia onions , bell peppers , sugar beets , etc. , would help to lessen the saltiness and tone-down the spiciness , as well . This stuff would be great over biscuits , rice , noodles -LSB- you name it -RSB- , or as a base for a myriad of casseroles . If you 're at all adventurous , then , for your own sake , jump off the deep end and order-up !
 Tastes pretty nice , if a little bland . The nutrition facts -LSB- commented on by another reviewer -RSB- is on the can as well as this page ... one 15 0z container has approximately 280 calories . Will probably buy this product again .
 I love this and their one with kale and spinach the best although all the jyoti canned Indian foods are excellent.Healthy and tasty is a combo that ca n't be beat . I am having some over whole grain pasta right now.edit -- the reviewer whose title was tasty with a bit of heat likened the taste of the dumplings to potatoes but it is much closer to the taste of pureed buckwheat groats -LRB- kasha -RRB- which I personally like a lot . Not nearly so bland as potatoes.The ingredient list on this is not completehere is the whole thing for those lookingFresh Buttermilk , Organic Potato Dumplings -LRB- organic vegetable oil
 I have bought this one 8-10 times and have loved it every single time . I love the texture of the potatoes and the consistency and tangy undertones in this Kadi . It is seasoned right with a fair amount salt , the way I like it . And it is ample quantity for myself and my wife and gives respite from mundane home-cooked food on boring weekdays . I must say though that this review would be useful and appropriate only for a south Indian as myself , and I honestly can not attest to the authenticity of taste for a traditional North Indian item as this is .
 By itself the flavor is too strong and overwhelming after a few bites . I used as an additive with other stuff mixed in for my pasta . The buttermilk cream base lends itself very good as an additive .
 This is a good alternative for when you want miso , but do n't have the time to make it from scratch . If it was n't so expensive I would have it more often . But if you can find real miso paste in your area , it is far more econimical to buy noodles , paste , tofu , and whatever veggies you like to put in it .
 No MSG , 100 % Pure , easy to * nuke * -LRB- Microwave -RRB- ; take to work or if as a Caregiver or to Young At Heart - I have done awesome and creative things with this beloved favorite Anne Chun 's Miso Soup Bowl . * Added frozen snowpeas to peas at the last 5 seconds and let sit to keep their tenderness yet maintain their crunchiness * Cut up fresh veggies from garden to cook with or tossed in halfway in cooking -LRB- note
 i love these :-RRB- great meal if someone is on a diet cause less then 300 calories and there very good :-RRB- and good for you i would give these 5 stars : D
 Why ? Because the noodles come SOFT , sealed in plastic ! If you are tired of noodles that `` crunch '' or that have to be reconstituted out of the original cardboard , you are in for a treat ! Available in something like a dozen different varieties , try them all and then subscribe to your favorites in order to get the lowest price.Note
 I hate been eating these bowls for YEARS . This is NOT restaurant quality miso soup , the tofu is pathetic . The flavor however is good -LRB- weaker -RRB- and the noodles are AMAZING . Honestly so good . So crazy good ! You do n't need to do any of that rinse noodle stuff unless you want to -LRB- I stopped a long time ago -RRB- . I do no special ordering of my packets , just dump and delicious every time . Amazon however needs to work on their prices , their prices are cheaper than most supermarkets , but if you have a Trader Joe 's nearby , they sell them for 1.99 a bowl .
 I have add this soup before and would recommend . Most all the soups are good but I like the miso best .
 I read these reviews before eating this product and agreed it was bland . Then I added just a splash of low sodium soy sauce , and it was SO MUCH BETTER -LRB- for both the Udon and the Miso -RRB- . If you were to eat noodles at a Japanese restaurant , there would be soy sauce on the table for this purpose anyway .
 Went to the store to try any `` Annie Chun '' product I could find , and this happened to be the kind there.My first impression was `` what the hell is that brick of dehydrated crap ? '' . I 'm referring to the veges they put in there . . they looked awful.I made the soup by putting the veges/sauce in the bowl , noodles over it , and then poured the boiling water over it . I was instantly impressed . The vegetables actually looked like veges instead of `` vegetable flakes '' . The noodles were very thick and tasty . The sauce was pretty spot-on for miso . All in all , a very good product for the price and ease of making . I was quite hungry when I ate it , and it definitely took away the bite . I would n't say it 's a ` filling ' lunch , but this along with some veges/meat mixed in or maybe a side salad or something would be perfect.I only gave it 4 instead of 5 because I felt like the broth could 've been a little bolder in flavor . Do n't get me wrong , though , I 'm definitely going to be ordering some Annie Chun products off of here now -LRB- probably start with Pho and Kimchi -RRB-
 This product is a little over-rated , yet it does have the convenience factor going for it . Taste is what made me give it a 4 rather than 5 .
 I love Annie Chun 's soups and was very pleased to see that Amazon also carries them . Now , I can just order them online and save some money also . Excellent soups , by the way .
 I really think the taste of this soup is great . You are n't getting fresh , just made to order soup , you are getting a microwave meal . But I do think this is the best alternative ! all of the veggies and herbs reconstitute very well , but the tofu does n't but because it is small , it isnt a big deal and did n't taste bad .
 If you 're a fan of Miso soup , you 'll like this combination . It 's flavorful ; fast , and filling . I add squares of baked tofu for added protein .
 There are a few staples for most office worker , and some sort of easy to heat soup is one of them . Unfortunately , most soup cups are pretty poor ; either terrible for you or they taste like paste . Annie Chun 's is an exception . The noodles are great by comparison to Ramen noodles . They have a nicer consistency and flavor , and are thicker by comparison . Another plus is that the soup does n't contain nearly as much sodium as Ramen , meaning it is quite a bit healthier.The miso soup variety is my wife 's favorite . I enjoy it as well , but not as much as the not-and-sour variety .
 Most of the time when I do n't have a free minute to spare on going out to buy food , I microwave up one of these . They 're delicious , healthy and easy/quick to prepare . Plus they 're cheaper than going to a Japanese restaurant and having udon there . I eat these relatively often so I 've solved most of the problems people had with the cooking process.I 've found that the vegetables rehydrate best if you stick them under the loosened noodles and then fill the bowl up with water -LRB- just trap the vegetable square under the noodles -RRB- . This solves the problem of the gritty tofu as well - mine always come out soft and chewy with that method . Also , if possible , microwave the noodle bowl instead of using boiling water . The noodles come out much softer and the miso paste dissolves easier if they 're cooked in the microwave for the 2 minutes.I hope this helps the upset reviewers below . I have these at least once a week and they 've become a rather delightful staple to my diet .
 I buy these soup bowls and take them into work . I usually work over lunch and they provide a fairly healthy light lunch -LRB- fairly because they are a little salty -RRB- . The dried tofu in them usually does n't reconstitute well but everything else is fine.My only complaint is the biodegradable marketing gimic , a nice idea but I think it is mostly to make people feel better . Nothing rots in the landfills . And I tried putting one of these bowls in the compost heap , two years later it is still kicking around somewhere in the backyard -LRB- no it did n't rot -RRB- . The paper wrapper and plastic wrapper are certainly not compostable .
 I purchased this when it was about -LSB- ... -RSB- for the 6 pack . Found the deal on -LSB- ... -RSB- . Great deal . Do n't think it 's worth over -LSB- ... -RSB- however . Pretty expensive at it 's normal price.This was my first time trying this brand . Probably one of the best instant soup products I 've tasted . This is n't loaded with salts like most others and it taste healthy.My only gripe is the amount of plastic and waste caused by this product.Here 's the ingredients / nutritional info if anyone is wondering : Ingredients
 I love these noodles . I think they make a really fast , filling lunch and they are delicious . However , the miso noodles seemed a bit weak to me . But I put in a tsp of soy sauce and it fixed that issue . -LRB- I guess they want to hold down on the sodium and I get that . -RRB- To make these noodles , you refresh them in hot water , then microwave a freeze dried cube of scallions , seaweed and soup base , along with a packet of white miso -LRB- shiro miso -RRB- and some water -LRB- after you 've drained the hot water used to refresh the udon . -RRB- That 's it . Takes about 2 minutes total . If you have no restrictions on salt , save a packet of soy sauce from Chinese takeout and you can doll up these noodles to suit your taste.I like the texture . They are slurpy and chewy-good . I never even leave a drop of the soup behind .
 Ca n't find this product anywhere in this state , so I purchased from Amazon . What a lifesaver . Great flavor and easy to prepare . I 'm on Weightwatchers so a nice treat with lunch .
 When you do n't feel like cooking dinner , or if you only need to cook for yourself , it 's easy to make , tastes good
 Bought mine at Trader Joe 's - much cheaper there , and this was my first Annie Chun product.Why are people comparing this to a restaurant ? This is an * instant * noodle bowl ! That said , the noodles actually came out better than some normal cooked udon I 've had ! I skipped the direction step that said to rinse the noodles first and just dumped the packed into the bowl , added water till the water line , and microwaved it for 90mins as indicated . Everything turn out great except for the tofu after stirring the noodle a few times before consuming ; the tofu remained hard . Next time I 'll add some real tofu.A couple complaints
 I 've been keeping an eye out for different lunchtime food-type items I can bring to work and make with little fuss -LRB- aka , water and a microwave is about all I have access to -RRB- . I really was n't sure what to expect with this . I did n't know if it would be like the ramen noodles that college students survive on or if it might actually be a passable lunch . Luckily , it turns out to be far better than a `` passable '' lunch and it 's a pleasant surprise.Now , there are a good numbers of steps to prep it , but nothing you ca n't handle as long as you have access to water , a sink and a microwave . Do n't need a measuring cup , I just use the fill line on the included bowl -LRB- another bonus , as I did n't have to scramble to find a microwave-safe bowl -RRB- . It cooks up faster than I expected , which was nice not having to wait longer after all the other steps . The amount of food does n't look like much at first , but after it 's done , it 's rather substantial . I had plenty to eat and it was n't too salty like some miso soups tend to be . The noodles helped absorb some of that , I think . My only gripe , and it 's relatively minor , were the `` onions '' that were included in the mix . They turned out rather soggy and limp to such an extent I do n't think they could be classified as onions anymore . Maybe more like , `` Clear , pliant tasteless `` O `` s . But other than that , it was quite enjoyable . I would buy this again , and I 'd like to see what other flavors are available .
 This soup is delicious . My kids love it . I try not to buy it often because the wastefulness of the packaging is atrocious . Every bowl generates so much trash . Even with the subscribe and save discount , the price here is terrible . It is higher then I 've seen in any grocery store , even Whole Foods . You can find this in stores for less than two dollars a bowl .
 I enjoyed Annie Chun 's Miso soup . I have only two problems with all of the Annie Chun 's soups that I have bought from Amazon.First , there are so many that I have trouble deciding which kinds to pick . The second one is that My son and his girlfriend also likes eating these soups . I have bought as three different kinds at one time but , after dividing up the soup I got less than they did . My son eats Annie Chun 's soups everyday for lunch . He 's in college and it saves him money and he saves a lot of time by fixing these soups . I have already promised my son that after taxes I 'll order several more and he and his girlfriend has already put together a list of their favorite kinds !
 I keep this soup in my office for an occasional quick lunch . It is not as good as miso soup in a japanese restaurant - but it is very satisfying and filling .
 At last someone has discovered how to package this soup & sell it . Priced well & delicious . Quick & easy to make & the bowl it comes in is reusable for storage of other items . I love this product !!!! A wonderful , quick lunch .
 This is great if you are in a hurry . Basically just rinse the noodles and drain . Then add the 2 packets to the noodles , water and microwave.Sometimes I add chicken to it . Does n't taste as great as soup from a restaurant but its great to take to work .
 I 've had miso soups at various restaurants and this is actually really good . I love the fact they are environmentally concerned with their products . I 'll buy their products just knowing they care so much about how much we have to throw away , so it 's biodegradable . Only thing I 'm not crazy about is the noodles , I would have preferred a thinner noodle , only because it 's so bulky , and not really typical of Asian dish .
 great for a quick meal - just add hot water . it even comes in its own biodegradable bowl ! I like this flavor the best out of the 3 other Annie Chun 's soups I 've tried .
 Of all the Annie Chun 's soups , this one is my favorite and I buy it whenever I have a chance . Quite tasty and very healthy for you . I highly recommend this product .
 This is the only soup that I 've been eating for over a year and have n't been sick of yet . I really like bringing these to the office since they provide a very convenient lunch and they are n't as bad for your health as the other brands of soups to go . It 's true that they are a little salty but it 's not to a point where it 's unbearable.The reason why the dried tofu sometimes do not reconstitute well is because they did not get hot/heated enough . I always microwave my soup half a minute longer than what the directions on the package says so that the tofu can become soft -LRB- the way that they should in a soup -RRB- . My vegetarian and non-vegetarian friends really enjoy this soup as well as an extremely picky co-worker who I introduced this product to . Whenever they come over to my place and they get hungry , they 'll ask for this soup when they see it in the pantry.The only thing I wish is that the size could be bigger - it 's a good light lunch so I have to find something else to eat to be completely full .
 This soup was actually the best instant product I 've tried . I bought both varieties for lunch at work . They are easy , rinse the noodle/veggie block to get excess starch off , put it back in the bowl , add as much water as you like . -LRB- I like my broth strong , so I use about two thirds of the reccomended amt -RRB- Open and pour in the broth mix , which is liquid insteaf of powder - so open with a scissors not your teeth unless you are adventurous or lazy like me . ;--RRB- Then put the lid back on and nuke it.It 's tasty , filling , and smells wonderful.The best part is the bowl though . It 's made of food starch , so it does n't stain from the soup , get hot in the microwave , or get soggy after use . Unlike the styrofoam cup of soups , it does n't release toxic fumes as it is microwaved either.And though the package does n't say so , it is reusable . I rinsed it out , put a block of cheap ramen in it and the flavor pack the same amout of water and nuked it ... . perfect and easier than pouring boiling water into something else and waiting forever.Great soup , even better bowl .
 Obviously tastes are subjective . . I love this soup . Ca n't get enough of it . Make sure you cook it hot enough so the noodles are soft . The spices and flavors are great .
 This soup is quite delicious . The broth is incredibly tasty and the fried tofu topping were really delicious and added nice texture . This is surprisingly filling given that the who bowl is well under 300 calories . I 've tried most of Annie Chun 's other soup and noodle bowls , and this is one of my favorite . Will definitely buy again !!
 I never cook it as soup but I stir fry the ingredients instead . Heat hot oil in a pan , add the noodles and once the noodles are soft and crispy , add the soup mix and crushed up toppings . You will have the best stir fried noodles ever . Add in an egg , chili paste , soy sauce or chicken to make it even better . It 's amazing .
 Easy to make.Tastes great.Nice to have in the pantry for a quick bite.Pack of 6 makes it a nice stockpile for the family .
 I purchased a similar product at Costco and the first one I made was so salty I threw it out and returned the rest.This is really as close to a restaurant quality item as I 've had in quite some time . I like to add green onions , some leftover steak or chicken and Chili Garlic Paste for some heat.I love asian food and I highly recommend this product .
 Annie Chun 's Udon Soup is one of my favorite packaged meals . The noodles are much better than many dried udon noodles that I 've purchased in an attempt to recreate the soup . I usually make this when I need to eat something fast . The Udon , Kimchi and Miso are all good soups , but the Udon is definitely my favorite of the bunch . The other dishes -LRB- except the Teriyaki , which is not very good -RRB- , are not vegetarian -LRB- fish or chicken broth -RRB- , so I appreciate that these are veggie - and vegan-friendly . My only complaints are the price in a grocery store -LRB- Amazon-subscription and Trader Joe 's have the best prices by far -RRB- and the serving size listed on the nutritional panel . 1/2 bowl is not realistic , in my opinion , at least not without adding other items or serving it as an appetizer . However , there are not many calories in a serving , so a full bowl is still very diet-friendly . Even a full bowl is not filling for me on its own for lunch , but I will try adding sliced mushrooms to it before cooking . This might be enough to help satisfy me for a lunch along with some fruit .
 These noodle bowls are great ... my whole family loves them ! I 'm glad Amazon carries them by the case because they are so much cheaper than buying singles in the grocery store . I will definitely buy again and again .
 I initially got hooked on Annie Chun 's at my local grocery store . Unfortunately , they sell these soups at ~ $ 5 a piece , so Amazon -LRB- or Trader Joe 's -RRB- offers a much better deal . I enjoyed the udon soup because of the chunky noodles . If you have tried the miso soup , the udon soup 's broth I think is stronger in flavor in comparison . I also love that the bowl is biodegradable ; though the packaging for the soup base and toppings are not.If you feel like the noodles are not tender enough , just microwave for an extra 30 seconds to soften them up.Bon appetit !
 My husband has been dragged into my Vegan world because of our health and he was a great meat and potatoes kind of guy . However , he loves pasta and noodles of all kind so I have been able to entice him with some of the great products Amazon sells . He also likes it because it 's quick and easy to cook and he 's the cook!I am not quite as big a fan-I find them a little on the bland side so I add vegetables and spices to liven up mine .
 Delicious Noms in a biodegradable bowl ! I have these often at work , and like to keep a couple in my drawer for when I need to take lunch at my desk . WAY better than the cheapo ramen bricks/noodle cups , these noodles are made with wheat flour -LRB- as opposed to the regular `` all-purpose '' stuff -RRB- . Flavorful and quick!Note
 I had to write a review because this is the kind of soup I have been looking for , great taste , filling -LRB- so no more cravings -RRB- , `` kind of '' nutritious , low preservatives , and low salt -LRB- you can decide how much salt you can allow into the soup -RRB- . I highly recommend this soup to anyone who travels like I do and needs to have something at hand 24/7/360 .
 The noodles are n't fried in this soup , which is a big plus - traditional ramen soup noodles are fried and high in fat . One major tip when making this soup
 I have always been an instant noodle soup fan and this is by far my favorite . It 's a little expensive to buy them one at a time in the stores so I was really happy to find them on Amazon Subscribe and Save . My husband and my little girl also like these - they 're great when you come in from playing outside or are in a rush -LRB- three minutes with hot water added -RRB- . I like that the ingredients list is
 Officially these are box noodles . With that in mind , I think these are good quality . I recommend soaking the noodles first as instructed . I like the taste , the noodles have good texture , and I crave them when I am under the weather . The broth is mild , yet more appealing to a diverse palate than plain chicken noodle . Note the serving size states it is .5 of bowl , but I 'm not sure who just eats half . Even with eating all , the calories and fat are decent for a lunch , but as with most packaged foods -- the sodium is a bit high . Also , it should be a given since it is noodles -- that this is not a low carb friendly meal , but it does not attempt to be . I did find that buying it as a 6 pack from Amazon was much cheaper than my local grocery .
 I just had a bowl of this soup for dinner and it definitely hit the spot . This was far more filling than I expected it to be . I will definitely buy this again , it 's great when you are in a hurry or just not feeling up to cooking a bigger meal . I should say as I do n't have a microwave I made this following the directions for making the soup without a microwave . All I did was add hot water -LRB- heated the water in a tea kettle -RRB- and stir it all up .
 Finally there is a quick way to make a great Udon Soup at home ! For any Udon fan , this is a must try product . The noodles are as good as Udon noodles get , and the soup mix is great base to start your Udon . Here is the way we make Udon using this product as a base : We take the noodles and soup mix from two packages -LRB- bowls -RRB- , add some additional soy sauce and spices we like , and boil it all in a pan -LRB- you do n't need to screw around with all the noodle rinsing , just throw them in the pot -RRB- . When the soup and noodles are warm , we add chopped romaine . This is super good , and costs less than $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for two LARGE servings of Udon - a deal by any standard !! When we really want a full-on Udon , we add some sliced pressed fish like the restaurants use in traditional Udon -LRB- the half moon pressed fish , white with the orange/red coating -RRB- and shrimp . This is heavenly !!!
 Really enjoyed the Udon soup and will definitely keep it on hand in my office for a quick lunch when needed . I found it was a bit spicy , which I was n't expecting but liked very much .
 i started buying these bowls last year , to stick to my resolution of avoiding drive-thru when i 'm at work . i keep a case under my desk . i really like these for when i want a hot lunch . it 's a little more prep than say , campbell 's , but definitely worth it . and while i had the same complaint about the lack of flavor as other reviewers , i simply adjusted the amount of water i used to compensate . my other complaint would have to be the texture of the tofu and vegetables used , but that ca n't be avoided when freeze drying . i do n't even use the little packet ; i just add in fresh ingredients . it 's a great way to get my daily serving a veggies , especially knowing how horrid a cook i really am . the gals in my office have gotten hooked as well , and we now have ` vegetarian fridays ' twice a month in a bid to get healthy . these are always brought in by at least one person .
 I love this soup . It 's low in salt -LRB- which is hard to find in a good soup -RRB- . I always have a few of these on hand . They 're great when you 're sick . Add a little hot sauce to amp up the heat . Highly recommend .
 The udon tastes okay by itself but is not very filling . If you add other things such as more red pepper flakes , meat , mushrooms , etc it becomes much better . Otherwise decent if you are not a fan of the other instant noodles such as cup ramen .
 I think the Annie Chun 's noodle bowls are pretty tasty , and as someone else commented , it does seem like plenty of food for a lunch -LRB- but not too high in calories -RRB- . They 're very easy to make , and it 's good to have some on hand for those days you run out of time to make a lunch . The bowls are biodegradable , so that 's a plus , and really , they are pretty darn tasty . Perhaps a bit more expensive than I would like , but Amazon has a good price on them compared to my super market .
 I was n't expecting this Udon soup to be too great , given the low price -LRB- $ 11 or so with a coupon -RRB- . It was surprisingly tasty , though , without being overly salty . It takes about 5 minutes to prepare
 The fresh noodles are far superior to the dried ones that are in most soup bowls . The broth and extras are as authentic and natural as they could be . The only soup that may be better would be a homemade one made by a talented cook . I am hooked . The other varieties are excellent as well .
 Okay so you need to look at this in the context of other instant noodles , and not compare it to udon you got in some cute little noodle shop in Osaka or whatever.Firstly , this is vegan . The ingredients do include `` yeast extract '' so if eating yeast extract a problem for you , then pass . I 'm not a vegan , but I think this is a plus because it 's good for everyone : -RRB- Secondly , the cardboard outer and the plastic bowl are recyclable/decomposable . I agree with the other reviewer who pointed out that nothing decomposes in a landfill but at least it 's made out of corn or potatoes or something and not petroleum . This is also better than styrofoam cups that * some * other cup noodle brands use . The little sauce packets are probably not recyclable but they 're little.Thirdly , the veggies are nice . Shiitake mushrooms ! Bok choy ! Such an improvement over the dried peas and carrots in other crappy brands . There are also a few pieces of tofu -LRB- very few -RRB- . They 're the weird spongy type , not the silky type.Fourth ! No MSG!Additionally , the noodles have a nice texture and it contains all natural ingredients -LRB- no chicken `` flavoring '' -RRB- .
 I first picked up Annie Chun 's soups at Target on a whim -LRB- honestly , the biodegradable bowl was a bit of a curiousity -RRB- and now I am a frequent purchaser both in the brick and mortar stores as well as here on Amazon.The Udon Soup is different from other Annie 's products in that the noodles are larger and more tubular - this can make them a bit tricky to eat straight -LRB- I chop them up with my spoon to avoid dropping them in my lap -RRB- . The flavor is very mild , so anybody looking to be wowed with complex combinations of spices should look elsewhere . They are a nice , low key lunch or snack on their own or a hearty dinner if you add other vegetables -LRB- snow peas and other mushrooms are very savory -RRB- . I have them sent -LRB- along with the Miso and Teryaki bowls -RRB- to directly to work to keep on hand when I do n't have the time or inclination to get something else . Two of my co-workers who hail from China have tried these also and give them high marks compared to other brands . I especially like that they are free of nasty preservatives and artificial flavorings .
 From what I can gather from the other reviews , Amazon must be lumping together the reviews for all flavors of Annie Chung 's noodle products here . I took advantage of the buy 2 cases get one free offer , and bought 2 Udon Soups and 1 Teriyaki . The Udon Soup is incredible ! I was surprised to see that mushrooms and green onions are floating in the bowl just like in the picture . It is full of flavor and delicious , plump , udon noodles . As a bonus , the large bowl of soup has only 110 calories and .5 grams of fat . That 's less than Special K once you add milk , and much more filling.The teriyaki noodles were a bit disappointing , though -LRB- hence the 4-stars -- I 'd give 5 to Udon and 3 to Teriyaki -RRB- . The sauce has a plasticky , sugary aftertaste , and the noodles get gummy and clumpy . The vegetables in this one - in contrast to the udon - are tiny and freeze-dried . I dare you to pull out a piece of identifiable tofu ! With 5 times the amount of fat as the Udon Noodles -LRB- 2.5 grams , still pretty low -RRB- and 2x the calories , I would think they could flavor it up . I must admit , though , that I will finish the case in favor of the office-mystery-spinning-vending-machine ...
 I am in the process of trying all of the Annie Chun 's noodle bowls and soup noodle bowls . I tried this one last night . I thought it was pretty good . Really big noodles but the reconstituted veggies have a bit to be desired . They were n't awful . They were exactly what they are . The broth itself has a really good flavor . I had to add a little salt though , a little bland without it . It was a little spicy but not overly . Just enough to give it a great flavor . I will surely buy these again . It was the perfect thing for a light supper or would make a great lunch . Filled me up .
 Having lived in Japan for quite some time this is the closest product I have found that has nearly the same taste as you could get in a Japanese noodle house . Highly recommend you try this .
 Very easy good tasting meal that I make at work . Good just as is , but i add some pepper flakes to add some zing .
 This is the second time I have ordered this product . Makes a tasty quick lunch as is or add a few left over veges , strips of Sundays roast , or what-have-you . Intend to try more ' Annie Chun ' products .
 Annie Chun 's makes a line of soups and noodle bowls , among other shelf-stable items , and also labels which ones are vegan -LRB- not all varieties are -RRB- . I 've been eating the Udon bowl for a while now , and it 's my favorite `` instant '' soup . There are three packets -- noodles , toppings , and seasonings , and you put all three in a bowl , add water , and heat in the microwave for a minute to 75 seconds . The broth is rich and savory , and the toppings reconstitute into recognizable vegetables -LRB- especially the mushrooms -RRB- . It 's my go-to lunch when I need something quick at work or I 'm not feeling well.The bowls are also reusable -- I 've noticed my coworkers using them for other things -- so that reduces landfill waste.My only gripe is that while it 's 110 calories per serving , a serving is half a bowl . I ca n't imagine anyone will save the rest of the soup for later ! I usually eat the whole thing . Still , I absolutely recommend it .
 This is a great tasting filling soup . I add low sodium soy sauce , mushrooms and tofu/shrimp and it is a perfect low calorie , low suger meal . I have this on subscribe and save which makes it a good deal too .
 These udon noodle soup bowls are awesome ! Love them ! I like ramen noodles , but I like this better . The flavor is good , & . I like the veggies included or add fresh ones . I keep a csae of these in my emergency food stash at work -LRB- in case I get snowed in , has happened by the way , or have to work late -RRB- . I have several cases at home for emergency food or just to eat . Actually I have on a couple of occasions made these in my camping cookware on the grill when the power was out after a storm -LRB- everything has to come out of the plastic bowl of course -RRB- , & they were just fine . These are great just to have around .
 The noodles have a good texture . The broth is flavored like soy , a bit bitter , but soft . However , I would recommend the same brand 's hot and sour noodle soup more . It is pretty mild , but has a sour broth , which hits the spot when you have a cold .
 Why ? Because the noodles come SOFT , sealed in plastic ! If you are tired of noodles that `` crunch '' or that have to be reconstituted out of the original cardboard , you are in for a treat ! Available in something like a dozen different varieties , try them all and then subscribe to your favorites in order to get the lowest price.Note
 This soup is perfect for a quick , lite , meal . The taste is good , and it is enough to satisfy hunger ... but as I said , it is `` lite '' not `` hearty '' or `` filling '' . I say it 's good for work because it does n't require refrigeration , and it can remain in a desk drawer ready to save the day when there 's no time for a more elaborate meal .
 This Annie Chun 's udon soup is very easy to prepare . I do n't think the first step is necessary either . Just add the water to the noodles and dried vegetables , cover it with the lid and microwave it for about 31/2 minutes . Add the sauce packet . The noodles loosen up after you stir it . If you what a more filling soup , add meat/vegetables . My kids and I really love this soup ! I just purchased more from Amazon , because it 's a better buy here than at the grocery store !
 Yes , these soups are a little bland , but just add a little soy sauce -LRB- to taste -RRB- and they 're delicious . If you were to eat Japanese noodles at a restaurant there would be soy sauce on the table for this purpose anyway .
 This is one of my favorites . I like to put green olives and marinated artichoke hearts in mine -- and some extra minced garlic . It is really good and it not too spicey or hot . This will always be in my pantry .
 These only take 1 minute to make , the noodles are already expanded as in NOT DRY - They taste great and I dont feel like I just ate fast food when I finish one of them . . or two : -RRB-
 I love the Udon noodle bowls , and I find that they are great as a lunch with some veggies or something on the side . They are addictive , and I have even subscribed to these and the miso soup bowls monthly . I do n't like the texture of the tufo in the miso bowls , but the flavor is almost as good as that of the Udon bowl . Both are healthier than most packaged food by a mile .
 This is a good tasting , quick lunch item.I bought it on the `` Subscribe and Save Program so it was even more reasonably priced and even standard delivery was quick .
 Very light on the tummy with a wonderful aroma and taste . The noodles are tender and not too soft . Wonderful soup and easy to prepare .
 For anyone who needs a shelf-stable , quick lunch option , this is the one ! The soup is delicious and the prep could n't be easier , plus I love that you can prepare and eat it right in the bowl . I always make sure I have a few of these in my desk drawer at work , so I never have an `` I forgot my lunch '' issue , and the portion is big enough to actually constitute a full meal -LRB- for lunch anyway -RRB- . I love the Udon flavor , and my husband swears by the Miso .
 For a mass-produced instant udon , this is probably as good as instant can get . Easy to prepare and self-contained , it makes for an excellent and healthy quick-fix in a pinch . It tastes pretty good and is mostly guilt-free
 Food ** I really enjoy the Annie Chun 's packs . I 'm not much of a soup person -LRB- because they usually do n't fill me up -RRB- but these noodles are very filling and they are a great when I do n't have time to go out for lunch at work . They are easy to store so I can keep some in my desk at work . Oh yeah , did I mention they taste good too.Convenience *** I live in Chicago and take the train to work . Ordering these on Amazon.com is great because I can have them shipped straight to my work without having to run around and pick them up . I wish there was an option at Amazon to ship everything together instead of in different shippment -LRB- especially since I 'm not in a rush . That way I would feel like I was making an environmentally friendly shipping decision . -RRB- Thanks ,
 This is a great product ! Annie Chun 's soups are really good and healthy . I loved finding out that Amazon carries them so I have the convenience of ordering them online and at a lower price .
 Annie Chun 's Udon soup is simple to make and extremely tasty . I 'm always looking for easy-to-make lunch items for work , and this one is tops . The noodles come in a vacuum-sealed packet ; they need to be soaked in hot water in the plastic bowl . After you drain the water , you add the seasonings and fresh water and then microwave it . It takes less than 5 minutes total and tastes delicious . The noodles come out slightly al dente but still soft and filling - so much higher quality than any other packaged noodle soup . The broth is not overly salty and has a nice , subtle heat due to the dried chilies . It really is a perfect at-work lunch solution when I want something more satisfying than a cheap ramen .
 My husband and I both love this soup so much !! It is so tasty and filling ! I love how filling it is for how few calories you get ! It smells HEAVENLY when I am heating it up -LRB- people at work constantly comment on how good it smells -RRB- . I keep it in my desk drawer and then all I need is a microwave and water.I have tried a few other soups in this line but this is BY FAR my favorite . I have it on subscribe and save because we eat so much of it so that save me some $ $ . TRY IT !
 Annie Chun 's Udon Soup makes a quick meal that is larger than traditional soup cups and without the reconstituted texture . The soup bowl holds about 3 cups of soup , which is a nice size for lunch . It 's all-natural and vegetarian , consisting of noodles in a flavorful soy soup , with dried mushrooms , onions , bok choy , herbs and spices . The ingredients come in 3 packages
 Yep , like the title , I 'm getting this again . The first shippment lasted 1 week . Here 's my review ... This is a great quick meal for lunch in the office . Instead of spending 5 or 6 bucks to get add extra lipids to my arteries , I decided to try these noodles.The noodles were already cooked sealed in a vaccum bag . The dehydrated vegtables actually look like vegtables after you add water to it . Overall , I felt it was a pretty `` authentic '' Udon experience . I really enjoyed these noodles . Also , at 110 cal per serving -LRB- there is 2 servings in the bowl -RRB- its a not too bad for you . If you want something quick , great tasting , and not good for you , this is your item.The sodium is a bit high , but you can always control that with how much of the soy sauce you put in . Overall , I give it 4 stars ... cause there 's always room for improvement !
 ... it 's not too bad . They keep a long time so when I forget my lunch or simply have to work much later than I expected , I have something to eat at work without resorting to a vending machine . More filling than popcorn and one of the better shelf-sitting noodle bowls available . Adds variety to my workplace pantry .
 This soup offers a great mild asian flavor without all of the weird `` american asian '' flavor . After my latest trip to China , I wanted to find an authentic soup and noodles in the States . Udon Soup is Japanese but according to the packaging , it originated in China and was brought to Japan by a monk . So that explains the Chinese flavor . The noodles are packaged moist and fresh . The bowl is biodegradable . It makes for a great lunch at home or work ! I highly recommend !
 Vegan , healthy , and tasty . If I could eat them everyday I would ! Even my 2 year old niece eats it !
 I have been an Annie Chun devotee for years , and when she came out with her line of Udon and Miso Udon soups , there was no going back . These noodles and fresh and light , not fried , and the vegetables taste real . Even the packaging is biodegradable which I love . I like to add fresh tofu , broccoli , carrots and dumplings and then its a very hearty lunch . My favorite for years to come !
 Lovely soup . Not as spicy as some of Annie Chun 's other soups , so if you do n't like your food too hot , this is the one for you . The great biodegradable microwaveable bowl has 2 servings , amounting to a total calorie count of 220 calories , so great for dieting , you can have the whole thing . Nice thick Udon noodles . Ready in one minute too ! Much better than the noodle cups you 'll find in grocery stores . And shipping was free as my grocery order was over $ -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 I love this soup . It has remained one of my favorite soups for over 5 years now . Regular grocery stores charge up to $ 5 for a single soup , where the least expensive store which sells it -LRB- Trader Joe 's -RRB- , sells it for $ 2.69 . When I found out that Amazon has an amazing deal on these , I was soo happy . If you sign up to have it shipped on a monthly basis , you get a 15 % discount AND free shipping!We have a six pack delivered to our doorstep every month for what ends up being only $ 2.35 per soup and free shipping !! Between my husband and I , we have no problem going through 3 soups each per month without feeling worn out on it.This is by far the best Annie Chun 's soup out there and the best deal I 've ever seen for it . Delicious flavor , easy as pie cooking instructions , and thick yummy noodles . Especially with the soup filled months of winter coming up , this is an excellent purchase . Especially when it saves you money and a bag worth of soup to lug home from the grocery store .
 This is a really great soup . The price is a big high , but it makes up in quality and value . The bowl is biodegradable and the paper that covers the bowl can be recycled anywhere , making this one of the most environmental friendly food products on the market . However , what it helps in the environment it does not take away in taste . The taste is very mild , which considered ideal in Japanese cuisine . You can dilute the taste or give it more taste depending on how much water you put in , but the ideal amount of water is the amount instructed to put in . If you added to much water , the water will not be as brown as pictured ! there is not much veggies as pictures but the noodles are soft and delicious . It is a great meal for those who work at the office , just heat up a cup of water in the microwave and pour . For the large males , it might leave you a bit of wanting more . For children , the serving is more than enough . On average , it leaves you feeling just right !
 product comes with its own cooking bowl -LRB- which is very convenient and environmentally safe , because it 's bio-degradable -RRB- . Cooking time
 Annie Chun has done something right with this soup . I eat it by itself or sometimes I 'll add additional mushrooms . It fills me up and is low fat unlike other soup brands that want you to add the oil packet . Udon does not come with an oil packet and is great for lunch or dinner . My 9 year old loves it as well.The only things that I add to this soup each time I eat it is Sriracha sauce to make it spicy and lime . It is also good with cilantro if you have it handy.I like the fact that I can eat a low calorie lunch without knowing I 'm eating low calorie and be full.The udon noodles are in a fresh pack and I just cut them into small pieces with kitchen scissors .
 Oh , this is what it is . FAR better than ramen , more like ramen for the after 40 . Plemty o'sodium AND I even add a dash of hot pepper sauce and tamari and if I can cooking sherry . Anyway REMOVE from packaging . Cook in ceramic in toaster over or on Calphalon type skillet . Squeeze fresh 1/2 of oranic lime . Emjoy cheap tasty hot filling lunch , no tax , no tip . Just re-reordered AND the price SLIGHTLY beats my employee discount at a health food store .
 The noodles in the package are fresh and really tasty , and the soup is good too -LRB- for a packaged soup -RRB- with mushrooms and onions . I really like these noodles , a lot better than standard ramen .
 I eat Annie Chun soups for lunch at least twice a week . The flavor and overall quality of these soups is much higher than the other instant soups in the grocery store . My only complaint is that I wish the company would get rid of the plastic container . I keep my own bowl at work for soups and do not use the one in the package . This would not only be more environmentally friendly , I would think it would allow the price to be lower as well . If the price for these was lower , I would probably eat these every day !
 Annie chun , you 're so sexy on the noodle cover , i wish there were more ladies like you out there.Not only you 're good looking but your healthy style cooking is also as good as your beauty . . I founded you at the supermarket and now you 're coming to my house because i buy bulk of your products.May I get your autograph , lolYou 're one special lady , thank you keeping me healthy with your time comsuming products ... I love you and all your health products !!!
 I started to love Annie Chun 's udon soup in March 2007 . Although it was on my AMAZON GROCERY LIST for many months cause i read a very bad review from a guy that did not know what is great . I just ordered many A. Chun 's soup noodle bowls . And i will order more again in future . Annie Chun is a cute and talented woman and she is the 1st Asian female that i admired and read her story about her soup noodle for second time on Amazon.com .
 Great for ayurvedic oil infusions . I have been using it regularly to infuse my various home made herbs and it works great . It is highly absorbent and makes an excellent , non-greasy moisturizer for dry , itchy skin and scalp .
 Just what I 'd hoped it would be . I ca n't say enough about the Fee Brothers products . I use them , I recommend them . If you like authentic tasting essences or bitters you wo n't be disappointed .
 This is an excellent soba noodle . It cooks up aldente and does n't fall apart in the cooked dish . Try it !
 I have only given this product 4 stars because it contains wheat and is not all buckwheat ; I did not find that information when I located the product . I am keeping what I bought and will eat it sparingly because of the wheat but it is a good-tasting pasta . I will share it with friends who do not share my sensitivities and do better research next time .
 These buckwheat noodles are among our favorite summer snacks , and my 7 year old son will eat them anytime . You want to cook them according to the package instructions and then flush them with cold water in the sink until they 're chilled , then strain . You can actually ziploc these up and get a couple of days out of them if you do n't feel like cooking on a hot summer stretch.In a bowl with Memmi sauce -LRB- sort of like a teriyaki style sauce , soy , sugar , etc -RRB- water to thin the memmi , sliced or shredded cucumber , carrot , chili 's , whatever you like . Wonderful tasting and refreshing , takes 5 minutes to put together .
 these seriously are awesome ... my entire family loves them :-RRB- I could n't find them anywhere in my town . . thank goodness for Amazon
 I had soba noodles a few months ago at a restaurant and really liked it . So I was hoping to find some good noodles to make my own soup . I have n't been able to find the noodles that tastes like the restaurant yet , but this one is the best one I found in term of texture and taste . Also , it 's cheap .
 buying a case of 12 12oz pkgs with free shipping made these noodles a great deal , much less than buying at the whole foods store .
 These noodles are great . I have been serving whole wheat pasta , then after reading about soba noodles , decided to try them . I chose this brand based on the price and reviews . The first time I served them with grilled zucchini and a marinara sauce . After the first bite , my husband asked what kind of pasta I was using . When I told him , he asked me to never use anything else . I had to agreed , they were the best ... even better than regular pasta , as they seem to absorb the flavors of the dish . Guess we are hooked .
 Purchased these noodles because they were a phenomenal price . No regrets , have made salads and soups , all with excellent results .
 This is my favorite soba noodles . Most tend to taste like cardboard or pasty but this one is just great . Makes a great side dish or works really well in miso soup for a hearty meal .
 My family likes these soba noodles - they show up on our menu for Saturday lunch without fail . I make sure not to overcook them and dunk them in ice water as soon as they have boiled , to prevent them from turning soft or slimy.However , I have not sampled any other brand of soba noodles nor have I been able to determine how much buckwheat flour -LRB- as percentage of total flour -RRB- these noodles contain . So I am not able to provide a more objective review .
 This product is really outstanding when compared to your standard , supermarket noodles . It had taste and texture both my wife and I really liked . I do n't think we 'll ever buy regular noodles again .
 I have n't recieved the noodles yet , but I 'm very impressed with the price ! With my sights set on making a soba dish , I headed to the grocery store to find that an eight-ounce package of Soba noodles was selling for $ 7 . And my recipe called for twelve ounces ! I just could not see paying $ 14 for a simple noodle dish . As an experiment , I bought one package of soba noodles , and one $ 3 package of Udon to see if the soba noodles were really necessary . The soba noodles were significantly better for this dish , so I was resigned to have to pay so much for my yummy dish.Then I came here to and found that I can get a larger package of noodles for a little over $ 3 per package -LRB- after shipping -RRB- ! I was very pleased . I hope they taste good ! I 'll be back for more , as I think I 'm becoming addicted to Soba noodles !
 I did n't want to buy these when I noticed that they were manufactured in the US -LRB- plus , Annie Chun is Korean so I wondered how authentic her Japanese soba would be -RRB- . However , the price was good so I decided to try them . They 're actually fantastic -- good flavor & just the right amount of chewiness . These work well on their own , for yakisoba or soba soup . I ca n't tell the difference from noodles I used to eat at stand-up soba places in Koriyama .
 I agree with the 5-star reviews for this product . These noodles are excellent tasting , have a good texture and cook up very quickly -LRB- 4 to 5 min in boiling water -RRB- . I have not really bought many soba noodles in the past , so I 'm not sure how these US-made noodles compare to authentic Asian soba.It is easy to saute some veggies and make a quick sauce -LRB- or use a purchased sauce -RRB- , for a weeknight meal . I often cook the whole box then divide in half , making 1/2 as a hot stir-fry dinner and then save the other 1/2 -LRB- plain noodles -RRB- to use the next day . I put the left-over noodles in the microwave for a brief time -LRB- just to bring them to room temp -RRB- then assemble the salad . Amazingly , the noodles taste fresh and good the next day , possibly better tasting than freshly cooked . I 'm sure they would make a great noodle soup , although I have not tried yet.Ingredients are unbleached enriched wheat flour , buckwheat flour , water , egg whites , salt . They seem pretty healthy and have a decent amount of fiber , although they are probably not as healthy as a 100 % whole wheat pasta , for example . For the 12 oz box , 6 servings/box , amounts per serving
 Delicious , fast-cooking , healthy noodles . And at a great price ! What more could you want ?
 I like these Soba noodles a lot and the price is definitely the best I 've found . If you 're looking for 100 percent buckwheat noodles , though , these are not . I mistakenly assumed all Soba noodles were made from only buckwheat and I did n't check the ingredients . They taste great though !
 I like these noodles . They cook quickly . The buckwheat gives them a little more flavor than common spaghetti noodles . For a simple one-dish meal , serve some stir-fried meat and vegetables on top of a bed of soba noodles.Just be careful of the price . Similar quality soba noodles cost less than $ 2 per pound at local grocery stores . Amazon 's price is sometimes better , but usually not .
 It took me a couple times to get used to the texture of soba noodles , but I really like them now . At times , we put pasta sauce over them , and eat them like spaghetti . Other times , we eat them just by themselves with some tuna or sardines . They taste great . Buckwheat has a low glycemic index , so they are good for diabetics .
 I will never buy regular pasta again ... ok , that ' not true . But these are a definite fave .
 I like these soba noodles the best . They are a bit thicker than other soba noodles I have tried and hold up better in cold noodle salads . I ca n't get them where I live , so it is wonderful to be able to order them on Amazon .
 Theese buckwheat noodles are so good and my non-health food loving husband actually prefers them over regular spaghetti . He normally hates whole wheat spaghetti . Just use with regular tomato sauce , you do n't have to use them only for asian-style dishes . Once again , another great product by Annie . Yum-Yum Annie Chun !
 Glad I purchased this creamer . I have a coffee station in my bedroom , but no refrigerator . This product does not need to be refrigerated so it works for me .
 I think the product is great and I use it everyday . The packaging and the ease of use is amazing . I use to get the big packages from grocery stores but always wasted it as it expired within a week of opening , If you are a big coffee drinker then this probably isnt good economically but I am once a day coffee drinker and it works for me perfectly .
 Great to have on my pantry shelf through the winter . In the event of snow or inclement winter weather when I get out to get milk , I still have cream for my coffee !
 Not much to say . I use them in my vacation rental cottages , and sometimes I buy them thru Amazon . They seem to work great , and are always fresh . Would order again .
 We like the mini-moos . Much nicer than nasty dried creamers , easier than running to the store constantly and then having someone leave out the half and half quart so it goes bad . These are tiny ; one is fine for a touch of white in a cuppa . But I use six in my 8 oz coffee so the compromise is ... we leave these out for clients next to the Keurig or for tea , I bring in my own carton of half and half for my coffee . I 'll be the first to admit I drink strongly brewed coffee light so you may not have to use as much or go to my two solution method . But it arrived fast and fresh , has held up fine for three months now -LRB- and we 've tried mini-moos before and those lasted , too -RRB- . The tiny containers are soft sided plastic so they 're gon na look irregular and squished up . They 're fine . For us it is great to put out for visitors and not have to remember to put them away every night . We have them in a pretty covered jar by the coffee pot so we offer real dairy not tacky chemicals . Fits the bill .
 Great product . I bought a box that did not live up to its expiration date , but chilling the ones that I do not need out works just fine . Will order again .
 I love being able to use real Half & Half and not have it go bad in the frig . I keep it in our unheated garage and it keeps for a long time .
 I love this kind of product delivered to my door . It 's wonderful just opening the box and enjoying what 's inside . highly recommend it .
 There is no way to get around the short expiration date of this product . They come straight from the manufacturer with a 90 day shelf life . Mini Moo 's do n't need to be refrigerated . However , I have learned they will last long after the expiration date if they are kept in the refrigerator .
 This is a good product but I ca n't believe such a high price usally Amazon is close on prices but you can buy these at Sam 's club for $ 7.68 .
 Truth is , the LoL Mini-Moo 's are everything they are promised . I ca n't take my coffee w/o cream , that being real cream half-and-half . That flavored liquid stuff and powered stuf just does n't cut it ... so these are the PERFECT ticket when you do n't hav a place to refrigerate the store-bought stuff . The only reason it did n't get more stars is the indicated `` Shelf-life '' date . It 's like 2 months after purchase . With the UHT method and no refrige-needed , I can not understand why this is n't more shelf-stable longer ?? I plan on keeping it in a sporadically used kitchenette , an ofice setting is perfect , so I hope it lasts longer than the 2 months . I wish Lo'L would include some printed information regarding why the short life in the package , but alas , nothing.Otherwise , good stuff !
 The creamers arrived perfectly packaged , with an expiration date well into the future to allow for long-term usage of these very handy individual creamers !! I recommend purchasing from this seller ; other sellers I 've experienced via Amazon selling these creamers were not as responsive as this seller and had a short-fuse expiration so I ended up throwing away most of what I ordered . I intend to order this product again from the same seller !!! Recommend this seller and product highly !
 If you like brewing your own coffee & adding cream , but drink little enough that those pints of half & half go bad in the fridge well before you 've used them up , this is a great alternative . They do a fine job creaming coffee , are real dairy -LRB- with only a couple relatively innocuous additives -RRB- , and keep well for a few months .
 very easy to use , tastes good in coffee , and nice that does n't needrefrigeration
 These creamers are the perfect solution to have at work in your desk so you do n't have to use that horrible powdered stuff that the office provides .
 Completely addicted to the Raspberry , Strawberry and Cherry Laces and Bites !! If you like candy that has a `` hard chewy '' texture and is not too sweet , try them ! They have a texture somewhere between organic fruit leathers and Twizzlers , but are much better for you .
 Since being diagnosed with Celiac Sprue Disease -LRB- Gluten Intolerance -RRB- , I 've had to avoid `` conventional '' store bought licorice as they all seem to contain wheat . Candy Tree lets me enjoy licorice again . This licorice is firmer than Twizzlers but has a nice raspberry , cherry or licorice flavor . If you have to avoid gluten but still want to feed your licorice cravings , Candy Tree is for you .
 Was looking for an organic version of the ` australian ' licorice bites that are out there and so tasty , and this one works for me . Does n't taste quite like the non-organic versions , but still rather addictive ! Love the three kinds I 've tried - cherry , strawberry , and raspberry . Be aware , though , one package is actually two servings - and it 's easy to eat one all by yourself !!
 I did n't realize that this was ` the ' brand to use for making arepas , but it does n't surprise me at all to find out . My friends and I used to use Maseca when we made arepas on the weekends , or the morning after a party at our house to fuel the clean-up effort and for whomever was still hanging around . After more than half a decade of doing this we stumbled upon PAN and realized just how much better it is at making a beautiful smooth almost creamy masa . The results are not even comparable . Luckily we can get it quite easily in any grocery store in or around DC , I 'm sorry to here that you have a hard time finding it in CA -- that 's surprising . So this review is really for comparison of brands . So as far as that 's concerned , this is it . If you are thinking of ordering corn flour/corn meal on the internet for making tamales , arepas , tortillas , etc. this is the brand.And since I 'm writing a review anyhow , I might as well share , this is how we make arepas : Mix PAN white corn meal with water and a bit of salt to make a masa -LRB- dough -RRB- which should be wet enough to easily form into thick smallish pancake like forms in your hands , but should n't come off in little globs sticking to your fingers . However you will get sticky hands eventually . Cook these on a medium heat using a cast iron skillet lightly greased with olive oil until the arepas are nicely browned on both sides , then transfer them to the oven to keep warm while you finish the rest . I like to make my arepas fairly thick , about 3/4 '' and 5-6 '' in diameter . Made that way not many people can eat more than 2 , because then of course there are the fillings ... Grate some fresh mozzarella cheese , put 2-3 cans ofGoya Black Beans - 24 Packin a pot with chopped green onion and a little salt . Simmer on a medium low heat like that until they look and taste done . They should be served hot so if they finish before everything else is ready just re-heat them before serving.Guacamole and salsa are also a must , and you can have a little extra chopped cilantro on the table for people to add if they like.For the salsa , chop about one small red onion very finely . If you find raw red onion too sharp a taste you can soak it , once it 's chopped , briefly in a bowl with salt water to draw out some of that intensity . Finely dice 3-4 large ripe tomatoes removing most of the watery bits . Mix with the red onion , juice of half a lime , add some chopped cilantro and salt and pepper to taste . Only add the salt just before serving as it will draw out the juices in the tomatoes . Or instead add half - 1 pack of Goya Saz&oacute;nGoya Sazon Goya Clntro/achte , 1.41-Ounce Units -LRB- Pack of 36 -RRB- . For the guacamole , use 5 ripe avocados chopped and then continue to mash with your hands . I usually give this job to some poor helplessly polite and obliging guest , but trust me it tastes better that way . Not when a guest does it but when it 's done by hand . You still get some nice chunks because hands just ca n't squeeze it all out before even the most obliging guest will ask to be excused , but it 's still nice and smooth . Come on , do n't be so fastidious ! They 'll wash their hands ! Season with finely chopped cilantro , fresh lime juice -LRB- the importance can not be stressed enough of only ever using freshly squeezed lime juice , whether you 're making a gin and tonic or guacamole -- no exceptions . And the same goes for lemon juice . -RRB- , continue seasoning with salt and cumin powder . Add to all of this some finely diced tomatoes and even more finely chopped red onion as well as some completely pulverized jalepano and you 'll have a killer guac.All of these things can be put out in bowls for guests to add to their arepas in whatever combination or ratios they prefer . But if you 're taking beans and cheese I do n't know why you would put them next to each other so that the warm delicious re-fried beans can slightly melt the cheese . Like I said before , you can also have a small bowl of chopped cilantro and or chopped green onion and or sour cream for people to add as well . & iexcl ; Buen provecho !
 All of you Venezuelan out there , you know this is THE deal , the real thing to make AREPAS.For all the other latin and north american bros out there , you can use this in many different ways . You can lookup recipes on the Internet that involves Harina Pan.Another product of Quality from EMPRESAS POLAR.Venezuelan-pride seal .
 I get this product since where I live there is no place to buy it , . product is original , great condition , fast service .
 Great quality with a good cost , if you are crazy looking for this in the stores , just buy it here is better , and actually pretty fast shipping . Is exactly the same that i would buy at Venezuela , and taste the same too .
 Thanks to Amazon because I can get the Harina P.A.N. for my family and friends here in USA , on California 's supermarkets is really hard to find this brand , sometime the Mexican or Latinos ' Supermarkets has only few bags but not a continue supply of this corn meal.The shipping is really expensive and the final price is really high when you compare the price of the product in Venezuela and here in USA . More than 5 dollar x each Kilo -LRB- bag -RRB- vs. less than 25 cents in Venezuela , but is just to remember the good flavor . Thanks again .
 I am so glad I can now find my favorite flour thanks to Amazon . There is not store around my area that will carry it . Now , I can have again my Venezuelan breakfast even though I am in northern CA .
 This item is just what I expected it to be . Handles nicely in preparation and cooks to perfection using the old fashioned skillet and oven method prviding excellent corn flavor .
 I chose that product because It 's a traditional product from my country and I could prepare delicious food with that.I recommend 100 % :-RRB- .
 This product is exactly what it is described . Arepas need to be made with corn meal that has been made from precooked corn , dried and ground into meal . That is why P.A.N. was created . Their product relieved the cooks from this time consuming process . I had been unable to find P.A.N. in our area so was really happy to find it on Amazon and to receive it so quickly . Now to making arepas !
 I 've been making homemade flour tortillas successfully for a long time , but the perfect corn tortilla has eluded me . No more . THIS is the masa I 've been waiting for . Do n't follow the recipe too rigidly though - I found the recipe on the bag left me with very wet dough , so I just kept adding more masa , kneading after each addition , until it got to the consistency I was expecting -LRB- it should not stick to your hands , but not crumble when pressed -RRB- . Make the balls of dough and press between a couple of sheets of plastic -LRB- I 've found two sides of a heavy duty Ziploc bag work best -RRB- and you 'll get the perfect corn tortillas . No more eating the grainy store bought tortillas that cost me a fortune in Japan . And although they freeze OK , they are much better freshly made .
 It is useful to know I can count on your product . It saved my day . The packaging was satisfying . Very happy with my purchase
 Excellent product , it really is what I was expecting.P.A.N . Pre-Cooked White Corn Meal , Imported , 35.27 ozWhatch out on delivery times , I payed expedite shipping and got it 10 days latter .
 I 'm from Venezuela and here we ca n't find this product !!!! Chavez U SUUUUUCK ! IT 'S COMPLETELY ABSURD . . We had none in december , thanks to U and your stupid-good for nothing-socialist policies that are making all basic products -LRB- like Harina Pan -RRB- dissapear from the market ... Again , Chavez , U SUCK !
 This product saves time when making my favorite cocktail -- the Sazerac . There are no worries about remaining grit as when I try to make my own simple sugar syrup . A time saver and quality product .
 Well made product with a good shelf life . It takes me about 4 months to finish one bottle , and during that time it has not shown any signs of crystallizing . Much easier and better quality than the homemade version that I used to do .
 Product came securely packaged . Great taste and consistency . Will definitely order a few more bottles for those cocktails made from scratch !
 Worked perfect for my Mai Tais !! This is definitely easier than making simple syrup myself ! All I can say is great !
 bought this for my husband for Christmas and he LOVES it !!! his mother made chokecherry jelly when he was a boy . he said this is almost as good as his mother 's : -RRB-
 I have been wanting some Chokecherry jelly for years . We used to spend every summer with my grandparents in Kansas and my grandmother would scope out the bushes and when they were ready she would pick and make jelly every year . This is the first time I have had chokecherry jelly in 30 years or better . Loved it . Bought enough to give all my siblings a jar for their birthdays !!!!
 This product is a gift for my husband and showed up much more quickly than I would have expected . Thank you for the timely delivery and I hope he loves it ! - Maureen D
 Absolutely one of my favorite coffees ! Ever ! I can actually taste the mint AND the chocolate . It will definitely be a staple at my house !
 As with all the Coffee Masters flavors I 've tried , the aroma of this variety is absolutely amazing . It smells like a York Peppermint Patty when you open up the bag ... mmm . The chocolate mint taste is not overpowering in flavor , but you can tell it 's there . I am weird - I was concerned , the first time I made a pot of this coffee , that the mint flavor/scent would permeate my coffeemaker , coffee pot and/or plastic travel mug . I 'm pleased to report that this did not happen ! This is a lovely coffee , not too strongly flavored but not too mild , either . Definitely one of my favorite varieties of this brand .
 Love this coffee . Good deal ... . Would recommend this coffee to anyone.It 's a great flavor and it ships very fast .
 My coworkers and I really enjoy this coffee several times a week , as well as every weekend . Great flavor ! Subscription ordering is wonderful !
 Before I bought this -LRB- there was a great promo at the time , $ 20 off 2nd 5 lb bag and free shipping -RRB- I read reviews saying how great it was , but now the reviews are gone ... very weird ! So anyways , I have a Cuisinart Grind and Brew , I have had one for 7 + years before they even had the carafe version . The only weird thing about this coffee is that it leaves little `` rocks '' behind in the grinder -LRB- and this is a newer cuisinart grind and brew -RRB- . All other brands , xxxbucks , etc does n't do that . But the flavor is great , we like ours strong but without that dirt flavor like some of the xxxbucks cofee has so this is great for us !
 Smooth , well balanced , deep . Yummy , may become my new favorite ! Dark but not bitter , not as deep as a French roast , but still full flavored without the '' burnt '' taste some dark roasts can develope .
 It was so hard to find these items anywhere , so when I found the crab apple jelly AND jam on Amazon , I got really excited . I try to find `` unique '' Christmas gifts for my hard to please brother in law . Well , crab apple jelly is one of his favorite things , and JAM is better appreciated from any fruit than jelly . So I bought him both , as well as some Maine blueberry jam . I think he 'll be happy this year .
 This is very easy to prepare . I added a lot of vegetables to it though or it would have been a little too salty for me ! If you usually add salt or soy sauce to your cooking you will have no problem with it , but if you do n't use much salt you will need to add some vegs or meat or fish or tofu to it . The flavor itself was great .
 I love this meal !! I add my own sauted vagetables , and it is simply marvelous . I 'm not big on heavy sauce , so I usually use about 80 % of the sauce . This is one of my favorite meals , and it 's fairly quick and easy to prepare . Amazon 's price is also far better than I find in the stores .
 This is deluxe packaged healthy noodles and black bean sauce . Not so greasy as in most Chinese restaurants , and if one adds some veggies and meat , and take into consideration that it 's somewhat a healthier food , this is then competitive in taste to restaurant quality black bean noodles .
 Although the order came a little later than expected , we can not forget the order traveled half the world to reach their destination . The scent is perfect . It tastes very good , though we miss a little more flavor to macadamia . Anyway , probably we 'll order again .
 This is the best hard candy . I bought 5 pounds of it and have to order more . These are perfectly flavored and are enjoyable to eat . The ordering process was easy and the delivery was fast . I will be ordering these again just as soon as I finish this review .
 This item is being used for my black and white wedding and I ca n't wait for my guests to enjoy them .
 I have been using orange oil for several years now . A small amount mixed in a recipe gives the after-taste of orange , much the same as grated orange peel . Too much will leave a bitter after-taste , but about a scant cap full will add great flavor . The orange oil keeps indefinitely in the refrigerator . I 've used it with fish , sweet potatoes , cakes and pies , orange flavored beef . The sky 's the limit
 The other reviewers have already told you about the wondrous ways to use it in food but I specifically buy it for cleaning . I add about a tablespoon of it to a sink full of water to mop my hardwood floors . Also , it take sticky icky glue residue from stickers , tape etc right off -LRB- orange oil is the main ingredient in `` Goo Gone '' a glue off cleaning product -RRB- . I recently used it to remove tape from hardwood floors . If you use it straight it will dull the shine so mix it with another type of cooking oil and do a test in a hidden area . After removing tape residue with the oil mixture you MUST clean it with soap and water to remove any orange oil residue . Also , to keep it fresh you have to keep it in the refrigerator . Be sure to wipe the bottom of the bottle before placing it in the fridge because it will eat through the plastic cubby bins . I have many eaten/burned through circular marks from the glass container on my new french door refrigerator cubbys because I forgot to wipe the drip off the bottom .
 I 've all but given up using citrus zest due to the benefits the oils . While both have great flavor , orange oil is definately stronger -LRB- and goes further -RRB- than zest . As it is a liquid , it does not add unwanted texture to your dish , either . I use orange and lemon oils in my NY cheesecake and have always had terrific results . The scent given to foods is stronger than with zest , too . I love the stuff . I just wish the bottles came with drop applicators . -LRB- I 've tried other lids with droppers inside , but the bottle opening does n't fit them ... . at least for the small 1 oz bottle . -RRB-
 I bake all my cakes with this oil and it gives a fantastic flavor to otherwise bland taste , even cupcakes , muffins
 Quality excellent . Tasted great in cookies that we orange dipped in chocolate , not overwhelming . It is a highly concentrated flavorant and will last a long while making it a great price .
 I first started using Boyajian oils at one of my baking jobs . These are amazing and add such great flavor to our baked goods - especially cheesecakes ! Be careful not to use too much , as it can add a sort of fake flavor . But used in the right amounts these are great !
 This orange oil is absolutely wonderful for flavoring baked goods . A little goes a long way and the bottle lasts a long time with no loss of flavor .
 While a little bit pricey , Boyajian oils are exceptional and well worth the money . A 5 oz bottle lasts a long time . I use the orange oil in pastry glazes and in quick breads like scones . Flavor is exceptional . I will never use any other extract again . I highly recommend this product !
 the product arrived a couple days after the max time , but the coffee is wonderful and I will reorder again but wont wait until I run out next time .
 Very tasty item , although I enjoy it more with some veggies , but overall great sauce , and quality product .
 Handy to take to the office for lunch , just right to leave me feeling not too full but satisfied . Mixes up easily when microwaved .
 Annie Chun 's Peanut Sesame Chow Mein Noodles makes an excellent lunch or dinner . The noodles cook quickly , and the peanut sauce is perfectly savory and sweet . It 's rich enough to be a meal . I add tofu and frozen veggies to make it more into a meal.Unlike Simply Asia , Annie Chun 's Chinese meals are made here in the US . The sauces are of higher quality , as well . Annie Chun 's is based in the Bay Area -LRB- Novato or San Rafael -RRB- The organic Peanut Sesame Chow Mein tastes as good as her other excellent meals . One can enjoy chop suey in the comfort of one 's own home !
 I really enjoyed the flavor of this coffee . It 's much better and fresher to grind your own beans . The aroma woke up my brother whom I 'm visiting in California . He said he hated flavored coffee.However , I caught him drinking my coffee instead of using his messy cappucino maker . I 'm sure the other flavors from Coffee Masters are just as aromatic .
 What a heavenly fragrance towake up to in the morning ! Two of my favorite flavors - rich , dark chocolate overlaid with just the right amount of raspberry . I used to get this from Gevalia , but they got too expensive . Coffee Masters is cheaper and has a better product . I will definitely order this again .
 This is the finest Cola I have found yet.There is a small store near me who sells it by the bottle.For cola drinkers , this is significantly better than Coke , Pepsi , etc. , but the real treat is when you use this in place of Coke in drinks . -LRB- for those of you of legal drinking age -RRB- It 's not just the quality of the liquor that makes a good rum & cola , Captain & cola , bourbon & cola , etc. , it 's the quality of the COLA that makes a good drink SOOO much better.Fore those of you mixing , use a high quality liquot with this high quality cola.I recommend Captain Morgan Reserve , Myers Dark Rum , Jim Beam Black , Maker 's Mark , etc. .
 An organic food store near my house used to carry it . Maybe Coke or Pepsi knocked it off the block because they still carry the other `` fruit '' flavored varietals . Cane Cola is my favorite , and this one is stand out . It 's absolutely what I envision original spirits to taste like . Too bad , I do n't see myself paying more than $ 3 for each 12 oz bottle . That 's far more than a case of beer , what 's going on here ?
 Yes , this is absolutely the best cola on the market , and we have tried several other `` prestige '' brands . What I do n't understand is why it costs $ 39 for a 12 pack on Amazon , when in the store they are under $ 2 each.I have seen another location on the internet where you can get a 24 pack for $ 30.15 .
 Remember Coca Cola from the early '60s ? I does n't taste like that anymore , does it ? Have you switched to Pepsi because it is n't as sickly sweet as Coke ? Well , make way for Boylans . This is so fresh tasting and satisfying the desire for real cola . It must be the cane sugar , which does n't overpower the true cola flavor . The Diet is n't as good , but it 's miles above Diet Coke . This stuff is n't easily available and sometimes hard to find , but it 's well worth the effort .
 I 've been enjoying this cola for about 2 years . I will never again buy the run-of-the-mill Supermarket deadly duo . crapAcola or Puksi ! The taste of Boylan 's 100 year old vintage cola , can not be described , but it sure can be enjoyed . I used to frequently like RC -LRB- Royal Crown Cola -RRB- which is a bit better the the two aforementioned deadly duo sold everywhere . Then I got turned on to Boylan 's and forgot about going out on search expeditions for RC . HFC is no good for you and Boylen 's actually tastes better served NOT freezing cold , with 7 ice cubes deluting the taste . 1 good sized cube is AAA perfection . This cola is EVEN Kosher ! Everyone knows that Kosher means `` clean '' , in the sence of the word PURE.No Aluminum can that you can not close and no sitting on the shelf for 7 months in a plastic bottle , absorbing the oils used to make that plastic bottle , either . A nice slender thick glass bottle , as soda was sold when product meant MORE than price , back in the forties & fifties!Damn good stuff !
 Hugh Hefner drinks Pepsi , which is a big point in its favor . But ... I do n't care what anti-conspiracy data I get , I remain convinced that `` Coke Classic '' does not taste like Coke did before `` New Coke '' had its ignominious reign . I 've never liked `` Coke Classic . '' It just was never the same . Pre-New Coke was an unmatched ambrosia . Until now . Boylan Cane Cola really tastes very , very close to the way I remember Pre-New Coke being . It has bite , an edge of berry , and manages to be full-bodied without becoming heavy . Too many `` small batch '' sodas have fancy bottles containing average sodas , no better than the supermarket brands . This is not one of those sodas . It belongs in the realm of Orangina , Vernor 's , and Thomas Kemper Root Beer . I do n't think I can reasonably be expected to diet as long as this remains on the market . I 'm nutty for the stuff !
 This is the best Cola bar none . No HFCS and proper carbonation rather than being over carbonated with the intent of adding it to a glass full of ice . This Cola can be served a bit warmer and without ice as it has a great taste . But I fear that many of you have been conditioned to the artificial ingredients of the main stay cola 's ; well , your loss . Unfortunately the price for this cola through Amazon is very high when compared to other sources . Given that American consumers typically choose price as a deciding factor rather than quality I bet that relatively few sales have been made through this medium . Anyway this cola is more than worth a try , it 's the only cola I drink but I buy it for a fraction of the cost charged here ...
 Not only does this soda taste great , but it is sweetened NATURALLY . High Fructose Corn Syrup -LRB- HFCS -RRB- is in practically everything these days , and it is one of the worse things we can consume.I discovered recently that being AmerAsian I am an easier target for Type 2 Diabetes and HFCS is a huge contributor towards that condition because it is an extremely refined sweetner . Therefore , I 've done my best to stop buying products containing HFCS . When it comes to fruit juices , this is pretty easy . However , I have been a Coke consumer for many years . Boylan 's CaneCola is the only cola I 've tasted that actually tastes like a soda , but does n't contain HFCS . I have tried one other brand called Cricket . While that is good , you can tell it is made with tea . Boyan is better ! And I think it is even better than Coke !
 I refuse to drink anything with high fructose corn syrup in it , and I hate the nasty taste of every artificial sweetener . That leaves sugared drinks , preferably with attention to reduced levels of sugar . You wo n't find much of a choice in your local grocery store , at least partly because stores make financial deals with carbonated drink manufacturers . Boylan , of which cola and root beer are my favorite flavors , is one of the more available brands -- but even Whole Foods has dropped it in favor of another brand I wo n't mention here -LRB- and do n't care for -RRB- . If you like `` Mexican Coke , '' give Boylan a try , I think it has superior taste . It is a really good thing that Boylan drinks are available with free shipping since a 12-pack weighs a lot ; some vendors on Amazon charge over $ 30 for shipping a 12-pack . Take care to figure out the actual total cost of the product plus shipping . Lastly I 'll note that on the web , Boylan drinks are usually more expensive than in the stores if you can find a local store that has it .
 the taste of the product was very good and i will more than likely reorder it again !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i just wish i could purchase it in omaha nebr !!!!!!!!! it arrived in a timely fashion i might try the rootbeer !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 11
 First tried this when I saw it at the local Whole Foods . And if they could keep it in stock , I would n't have to shell out to Amazon for it , but I ca n't help it ! It might have crack in it for all I know because I am ADDICTED .
 My partner and my FAVORITE soda . The taste is smooth and magnificent , the caffeine from coffee gives a great pick-me-up without the crash of general market sodas , the ingredients are natural , it 's a company with community values that I support , and I would much rather drink a soda made with cane sugar than one made with high-fructose corn syrup or aspartame . My partner falls asleep during movies constantly , even after drinking other sodas , energy drinks , teas , etc. , so I was ecstatic the day I found out that Boylan 's Cane Soda keeps him awake past 8:30 pm ! And on top of that , it wears off in a few hours for him so he can go to sleep when he wants to without a problem . This is a great product and I HIGHLY recommend it .
 This has to be the best cola that I have EVER tasted in my life , its way better then any other cola sodas that I have had . I have also tried the coca cola made with cane sugar , but that is nothing compared to boylan cola , its just amazing . The taste is not overly sweet , but just perfect . It doesnt leave you feeling all sugared out and nasty . I want to try the other flavors next to see if they are just as wonderful .
 This is the best stuff.I 've been drinking Pepsi for 20 years and always liked it . I later discovered that there are still colas that use real sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup . I ordered some Boylan Cola and Red Rock cola online and liked these better than any cola I 've had . I 'm not going to drink any other cola except this and Red Rock.It is also good as they are a smaller company unaffected by corporate greed which makes them use cheaper ingredients .
 This is the best Cola I have ever tasted . I first tried it when I decided to stop buying products with HFCS -LRB- as so many people mention about this awesome beverage -RRB- . But the fact that this cola is sweetened with Pure Cane Sugar is n't its only claim to fame.The first time I drank Boylan 's CaneCola , I thought it was sweeter than Coke . Soon I realized it was just more flavorful and actually less sweet - I had been conditioned to equate sweetness with flavour . It has a hint of cinnamon - a Mexican Vanilla type taste that I ca n't get enough of . The carbonation level is just right , in my opinion . I love a nice bite and this cola seems to have about as much as Coke does . I can imagine Colas tasted like this in the early 1900s - its everything a Cola should be.Boylan does n't compromise on anything . They only sell their products in glass bottles to preserve an authentic taste . No metallic residue taste -LRB- not to mention aluminum leads to Alzheimer 's -RRB- and no plastic petroleum taste.I was a life long Coca-Cola fan , but after my first Boylan ... I 'm just sad I did n't discover it sooner .
 This is simply put the best tasting cola I have ever tasted . It is so much more flavorful than Coke or Pepsi . By the way , did you know that the second ` p ' in Pepsi is supposed to be silent when speaking the word ? Many people do n't know that , yet I always order it properly even though I get puzzled looks and people `` correcting '' me . The nerve.Back to Boylan CaneCola , as other have pointed out - and as the product name implies - this pop is sweetened with cane sugar and it makes a world of difference . It may cost more - but it is worth it , at least once in awhile you cheapskates .
 BetteNoodles were tasty though salty , but when I got the package every single container for making the noodles was broken .
 Son has a fairly sensitive and educated palate , and he gives these noodles the nod . Usually make him sandwiches of various sorts , but occasionally take a day off and toss a pre-packaged item in the lunch pail . If the information on the package is real , these are decent food in eco friendly packages . Decent price through 6-pack from AMZ .
 These are great snack crackers . My family first tried these in Japan and fell in love with them . They are seasoned nicely with a salty seasoning . I ca n't find them in the grocery stores here in the U.S. but found them here on amazon . Glad I do n't have to do without them .
 So Hot Kid ! Makes these rice crackers for infants called Baby Mumums.My brother keeps eating my daughters crackers . I must admit they are very tasty -LRB- especially the veggie flavor -RRB- So I 've been searching for an adult rice cracker thats similar.These crackers were close . They are just too thick . Thats the only problem . If they were 1/2 or even 2/3 as thick they would be better . The flavor is sort of soy saucey . Its a good flavor . But i 'm still searching for an adult rice cracker as good as a Baby Mumum -LRB- but hopefully less expensive by oz -RRB-
 i am completely happy with this purchase in every way & would definately order from this person again . the ONLY bad thing i can say about it all is i did n't see them available by the case -LRB- HINT HINT sell cases -RRB- .
 It 's so hard to find healthy noodle bowls -- and the Annie Chun 's Noodle Express line does a great job of providing good flavor without scary nutrition information . Each tray is a little over 300 calories , compared to 500 + for a traditional ramen-type meal of the same size . I keep these at work in case I do n't have time to make my lunch , and do n't feel guilty at all when I eat them . Not everybody needs to watch nutritional information , but for those of us that do , it 's a really convenient product.The sauce & seasoning packet are about what I would normally expect from a comparable product , but the steamed noodles really make this a great change from the rest .
 These noodles are very flavorful and convenient considering they are vacuum sealed . They are very easy to prepare as well in your microwave . The best part though , is that these noodles are NOT fried like traditional ramen noodles are . They are steamed , and thus much easier to digest and also much healthier and lower in fat . According to annie chun 's customer service , none of their product 's noodles are fried . I have stomach problems and this is great for me.Remember that this is just the noodles and sauce , and a little garnish packet of vegetables . If you want a more complete meal , add some protein like chicken , tofu , etc. . The fresh pak noodles are very versatile and can be used any way you like . I 've only seen one other steamed ramen soup alternative and it was just awful . Thank you annie chun !!!
 -LRB- B000E123N2 -RRB- et.alles . I really am hooked on this product line , despite reading other reviews that say thus-and-such does n't taste like the restaurant versions . I do n't get out much , so I will never have that experience to spoil my own enjoyment . I also read a complaint about the noodles . Well , they are vacuum sealed , and depending on the noodle , might retain their natural noodle aroma , but that is all . Anything else said is bunkum.I would suggest that the packets of dehydrated spices , and blocks of goodies that comes with Tom Yum , for instance , be heated in a minimal amount of water first , and then covered with the noodles . This will allow the spices to rehydrate in the best way possible , and makes the product tastier.These are not inexpensive ; once you find the ones you like , order them through ` Subscribe and Save ' for the extra savings . You can stagger their delivery so you get one a month.And by all means , ENJOY !
 My husband has been dragged into my Vegan world because of our health and he was a great meat and potatoes kind of guy . However , he loves pasta and noodles of all kind so I have been able to entice him with some of the great products Amazon sells . He also likes it because it 's quick and easy to cook and he 's the cook!I found them a tad salty , but if you add some sauteed vegetables it helps cut down the saltiness .
 Helps keep my always hungry teen full . Was so tired of buying every box of this in my grocery store every week that I decided to auto order . What a great deal .
 The flavoring still needs work , but man oh man are the noodles themselves good . I 'd love a little more of something besides the soy sauce . However they are super fast and the noodles are FANTASTIC , so I will probably keep eating them and hoping someone gets around to tweaking the flavoring . Also hopefully lowers the sodium a bit because while I LOVE sodium packed/bad for me items -LRB- I can honestly eat 2 packs of Ramen noodles without an issue -RRB- , but in this item it alters the taste for me . I 'm guessing if you 're someone that packs on the soy sauce -LRB- I use a reduced sodium on a regular basis -RRB- , this wo n't bother you at all .
 my son and hubby loves this noddle . This is the healthiest prepackage noddle on the market based on my research.I loves Amazon 's subscription service !!!
 Good quality product at an excellent price , but do n't buy in the summertime as the chocolate will be melted !
 This is a good coffee at a good price . If you drink alot of coffee -LRB- like I do -RRB- , it makes sense to buy a larger bag like this . It smells wonderful when it 's fresh ground , and it tastes just as wonderful .
 Buy this for my grad students who really love the taste , quality of this coffee.thisisan excellent coffee ! Wished we could get a decaf version too .
 My husband will only eat crab apple jelly and it 's so hard to find ! One piece of advice is to order multiple jars because in our house this goes fast and the shipping is a bit pricey .
 I purchased the jelly and jam as a Christmas gift for a hard to please brother in law . I suspected he would like them , but I did n't suspect how much he would LOVE them ! He could n't say enough , how delicious they were .
 Tasted just like I remembered , when my mother made it at my childhood farm home . This jelly was just delicious although , due to shipping cost , rather pricey . I received this very quickly after placing the order with Amazon .
 the jelly was excellent , it was used in a recipe for sweet and sour meatballs that my mother has had for years . It is difficult to find this item locally so it was ordered from this site . I would recommend ordering it well ahead of when it will be used as it took much longer to arrive than I would have expected .
 My husband & I had looked all over locally for the wild crab apple jelly . It made a perfect Christmas gift for him . Thanks for the quick and well-packaged delivery & delicious product !
 My favorite jelly is crab apple and not easy to locate . This product tasted just like I remembered and when the jar is empty , I will be ordering some more .
 Very hard to find crab apple jelly . This crab apple jelly is very delicious and reasonably priced . I will be ordering more when my six jars run out .
 We bought the jelly looking for the taste that Grandma used to make . We found it ! The jelly tasted just wonderful on fresh made biscuits . This made for a very happy addition to our Thanksgiving dinner .
 I have never found Crab Apple Jelly sold anywhere on the West Coast , so when I found it on this website , I was hopeful that it would taste like the jelly I remembered having back East when I was growing up . It does , and I 'm very happy with my purchase -- I 'll definitely be ordering more .
 Just what I ordered , prompt service and shipping will definetly order again . Could not be happier . Thanks You
 I have been buying Lemonade in the 2 quart bottles and at 1.25 to 1.69 , it was getting too expensive . So shopping one day I saw Kool-aid on sale at 15 cents a packet , at that price I bought 3 packets , looking at the ingredents it had real lemon pieces in it . So I bought 5 pounds of sugar at 2.19 , as you have to add sugar to the contents.My Recipe ispour contents of one packet in a 2 cup glass measurer , add 11/4 cups of sugar enough water to make thin syrup , save a couple 2 quart bottles , pour contents in to bottle and add water to about 9/10 full , cap and shake . Add about 1 ounce or 2 , of fresh lemon juice , to add a little tartness . I use however Sicilia lemon juice which is not from conentrate , and to me better than lemon juice , -LRB- I add just a squirt -RRB- , because they also add the oil of the lemon . WOW ! now you have great lemonade 10 times better than any bottle stuff or condense powder stuff . If you want pink lemonade , I just add a squirt of Strawberry syrup . Your cost for 2 quarts of the best lemonade you can drink is just about 30 cents . I just could n't believe that KOOL-AID , made such a great product . Please try it , I find that a added quarterof cup of sugar , makes a big difference , and so a squirt of lemon juice . The only lemon juice I use now is Sicilia , which you should fine in the produce section , I advise not to use Real lemon -LRB- in no way is it real lemon -RRB- as it is from concentrate and has that preservative taste . Enjoy you wo n't be sorry !
 I mix this Chocolate Thunder with a Coffee Master 's decaffeinated Columbian brand . Coffee snobs may think this to be an odd thing to do , but all I have to say to them is , `` If you have n't tried it , do n't knock it ! ''
 The product arrived quickly and was wrapped well - but I ca n't imagine that it really cost $ 10 for shipping ! In fact , I know it didi n't cost that much to ship it . Seems a bit outrageous that the shipping cost as much as 3 jars of jelly . Because of the high cost for shipping I may not order again . It is for a gift so I have no idea about the taste or quality yet .
 other places where offering 4 or 5 oz for the same price . it was sent and arrived quickly , faster than expected . great for asian recipes . good deal .
 It taste so yummy -LRB- sweet/tangy -RRB- I love it !! And yes you can drink it right away or use it for cooking : -RRB-
 I just put my entire finger in this stuff and it has an amazing flavour . Remember , this is one of the secret ingredients in Worcestershire Sauce . Once you taste it , it becomes obvious that this would go great on steaks with some A1 Sauce or similar .
 I use this for one thing only and that is making my phad tai sauce . It has wonderful flavor and I always have some of this on hand !
 I made some Balinese food and this was exactly what the recipe calls for . A little goes a long way .
 I used this in some cooking . It worked great . I did not want to use the paste so I used this instead !! Item shipped fast and was well packaged . Thanks .
 When this first came out , I actually used it by heating up water in the in-room coffeemaker while in a hotel room while I was on a week-end vacation . The vacation was extra-special , and every time I sipped a cup it brought back warm memories of a special weekend . I kept it in my cupboard and treasured it for stress-filled days.Sadly , when I moved , I was no longer able to find this particular blend , and I have missed it desperately . So now , with my `` pack of 6 '' I am set for winter AND a lot of wonderful memories . OR , if I need more , I can always re-order ... and re-order ... and re-order . : - -RRB- If you have never had it , there is a distinct Cinnamon flavor mixed in with the chocolate , which gives it both a unique scent -LRB- ummmm -RRB- , and a gentle flavor of cinnamon mixed in with the mocha flavoring . If this sounds tasty to you , it will be , but if you want a plain mocha flavoring , this wo n't be your cup of cappuccino.My vote - 5 stars .
 if you like mocha cappuccino then you will love this stuff . every time my friends come over they try this and they love it . and one container last you a while prob . 2 solid weeks if you drink a cup every day .
 The only coffee I drink at home . Low calories , , sugar , fat and caffeine compared to other brands and excellent taste . Also seems to be low acied and does n't bother my stomach like say Starbucks coffee .
 the most great tasting instant cafe mocha ive tried , especially the hawaiian mocha and cinnamon mocha . its great hot with a little whip creme or cold on a hot day . if you love coffee try this one you will enjoy .
 I originally tried Caffe D'Vita 's jumbo cappucinno can available at Costco and loved it but when I moved out of California found my local Costco in Sequim , WA did n't carry it . Frantically I tried the Costco suggestion box to no avail so I went to the Caffe D'Vita web site and ordered direct from the manufacturer ! The price is higher in 16OZ canisters but there are several more flavors to choose from including Cinnamon Mocha , Hawaiian Mocha , Pumpkin Spice , Mint Chocolate , Chocolate Rasberry , Amaretto and Orange Mocha . There are a few other flavors but I do n't recommend them due to personnal tastes . In any event Caffe D'Vita is a terrific alternative and better value compared to the french vanilla cans you see in most grocery and box super stores.My favorites are Hawaiian Mocha , Cinnamon Mocha and the Cappucino .
 This is the best Italian sausage I 've ever tasted . I grew up in Western New York where it was abundant but I now live in the south where it 's hard to find -LRB- impossble to find with this quality -RRB- . My southern husband had been deprived of this delicacy until recently . A few months ago he ordered Sausage & Peppers from a fine Italian resaurant in Nashville . He loved it so much that I ordered the Espositos Sweet Italian Sausage as a birthday surprise for him . He flipped ! It was perfectly packed , arrived exactly when they promised it and was very fresh . I appreciated the close e-mail contact by the company , letting me now how and when it would be deliverd and it was right on time . Because I ordered early , I had to freeze it till his birthday . It was just like fresh when I thawed and cooked it . So easy to prepare and the bonus is that the nice folks at Espositos sent us an entire package of their fabulous sausage free of charge as a gift . This product may seem pricy but the quality and quanity make it well worth the price . There was very little fat in this sausage when I cooked it and the spices were right on . Authentic , delicious and we will be ordering again and again . I am highly recommending this product . It 's 5 stars all the way and 2 thumbs up as far as we 're concerned !
 This is great Italian sausage the way it should be made . Much to my surprise there was the cheese and parsley sausage sample included . A nice size sample and that has me hooked on buying another of Esposito 's sausage . I just wish the shipping was a bit cheaper . But if it is quality and service you are looking for ... this is the place .
 Great Sausage and Fast Shipping this Seller is great the turn around was quick and great food 10 amazon star 's for having great food .
 If you are like me you love a good falafel . Three or four of the deep fried little darlings nestled in a bed of lettuce , onion slices , tomatoes and slathered with tahini sauce -LRB- do n't forget the hot sauce ! -RRB- all held together in a warm pita . Ahhh , that 's what I call heaven . Well if you are craving falafels right now then order this mix . First of all I got tired of buying those tiny 10 ounce boxes in the supermarket . Here 's TEN POUNDS of the dry mix that you can dip into anytime you have the craving . Now I 'm the kind of guy that does n't use the mix right out of the box , although I 'm sure the taste is probably pretty good left as is I like to add a few spices and fresh ingredients to kick up the falafel to another level . These include dried cumin , fresh lemon or lime juice , fresh cilantro -LRB- corriander -RRB- , chopped red onion and garlic , and a few drops of hot sauce . Just be careful with the right amount of dry and wet ingredients - you want your falafel to hold together when you fry them . Too wet then add a little more mix . When thoroughly mixed let the mixture sit a few minutes to a half hour to absorb all the moisture , then roll your falafel balls -LRB- some people like to flatten them , I do n't -RRB- , I make mine about the size of golfballs . Then place them on a wax paper or parchment paper layered pan , cover with plastic wrap that has been sprayed with non-stick cooking spray -LRB- so they do n't stick -RRB- and plop the tray in the fridge for another half hour -LRB- or until you are ready to cook -RRB- - this will firm them up for deep frying . Ready to cook them ? The most important thing is to get your oil to the right temperature , 375 degrees , and keep it there . Use a cooking thermometer , and do n't let it touch the bottom of the pot , just suspend it in the oil - that 's what the clip on the side is for ! Do n't crowd the pot , this will only lower your temperature and you 'll get soggy falafels - yeech ! Gently , do n't drop them into the oil , put only a few falafels , four or five , in the oil at a time . Fry for 5-6 minutes , turning the falafel with a spatula so it cooks all around . When they are golden brown they are done . Drain oil off on a metal rack placed over a cookie pan -LRB- no paper that just holds the oil -RRB- . With this mix and the above recipe you ca n't go wrong . You 'll be making perfect delicious falafels every time .
 I use this product every morning in my Mocha banana yogurt smoothie . Easy , very tasty and even the grand kids want to drink this low sugar breakfast .
 This is a great tasting low calorie , low sugar and low cost treat . A `` serving '' is 35 calories -- I double that -- still only 70 calories . I add water and ice and blend -- yum ! I can -LRB- and do -RRB- have one of these every day for 2 weeks for what I would pay for one `` designer '' drink at a coffee shop . OK , I 'll admit it , I 'm addicted ! -LRB- Hehe -- my mouth thinks I am indulging myself -- only my brain knows I 'm being sensible ! -RRB-
 I actually use this product as part of my diet plan ! Instead of snacking between meals I drink a cup of Cafe D'Vitta a hour or so before my meal . It curbs my appetite and my cravings for sweets . It 's sugar-free and caffeine free too !
 I love this Mocha Cappuccino mix and I have tried them all ! I mix it with a scoop of Biogenesis chocolate protein powder for a delicious and healthy Frappacino . As good as Starbucks ! Satisfies my craving for the real thing and is every bit as yummy . Will continue to buy it often from Amazon . I have not been able to find this product in stores . Glad that Amazon carries it as a Prime item too . Thanks again Amazon !
 Love this stuff ; I recently went on a no sugar no flour diet , and I stopped caffeine ; so this is perfect . I use a medium mug , and I add about 1.5 tbsp . sugar free mocha , then two tablespoons cofeemate regular powder , then about a 1/2 tsp . Tasters Choice house decaf and then about 1 tsp . of the brand Target carries of sugar free vanilla syrup . Other brands are too strong or not vanilla flavored enough . Anyway , try this combo - especially for those of you who are not using your cans anymore , this will perk it up to a delicous tasting mocha.Trust me !
 What a great sugar free treat . Also tastes great with no sugar added vanilla ice cream.The price here is much lower than I have found elsewhere . I put it on autoship . I 'm hooked .
 I have used this product for years but this is the first time I have purchased the sugar free . I make `` frappuccinos ' by adding ice , sugar free chocolate syrup , and put all in the blender . Since I am not a coffee drinker , I usually throw in some French vanilla mix as well . Great taste , no calories , and it is very reasonably priced .
 I was introduced to this product by a friend from CA and found it to be something I have enjoyed for some time . It is easy to prepare , and on cold evenings , a joy to share . I highly recommend to anyone who prefers good taste and - one of the best points -- it is healthy if you do n't need the sugar !
 Love it ! Love it ! Love it!Have been drinking this for years as I hate coffee !
 I have n't been able to find the sugar free stuff in the store . So glad Amazon carries it . It is definately on my subscribe and save list . Makes your coffee so much better . Thanks
 My husband and I have been using the Caffe D'Vita products for 17 years straight . We are so pleased with the taste and quality of this product . There is no comparison . It is our `` treat '' at the end of the day , and you do n't have to worry about the caffeine , since it is virtually caffeine-free . He uses the regular mocha flavor , and I use the sugar-free , which helps to save calories for me . We will continue to enjoy our nightly cappuccino , and would highly recommend it to anyone who likes a warm drink that tastes amazing , and is easy to use .
 I 've tried lots of different cappuccino mixes and by far and away this is my favorite ! I like that it 's sugar free and has no trans fats so I can enjoy it without feeling like I 'm going to have to slog through extra long workouts or that I 'm hopelessly clogging my arteries.I have a fairly large mug and I make it using two mounded teaspoons of Cafe D'vita Sugar Free Mocha , 2 scant tablespoons of fat free coffee creamer and about 1/4 teaspoon of instant coffee . Very satisfying . I drink it almost every day and do n't have to feel guilty if I have more than one cup in a day .
 I accidentely was able to try this product some years back and have found that I drink it more than any other beverage . Thank you for carrying it and alowing me to puchase it .
 This is an awesome product - mainly because I 'm trying to limit my sugar intake and yet still enjoy my coffee `` sweetened '' like I like it.The chocolate flavor is superb and knowing I can have my one cup a day of yummy coffee guilt-free is such an added bonus . The fact that it 's instant is just another plus!I 've given it to friends who like unusual coffees and they all rave about it too !
 I 've been using this product for a long time . It tastes almost as good as the sugar version , and it 's ideal for someone on a low carb diet .
 I have been drinking this wonderful stuff for a few years now . Until recently have been able to purchase it at our local AFB Commissary , but they have stopped carrying it . Decided to check Amazon.com and there it was ! Sugar-free , decaffeinated and delicious ! And what 's more , it 's on Prime so it comes with free shipping . I like the Mocha flavor the best although the French Vanilla is acceptable . The Mocha is like a great cup of hot chocolate , with a hint of coffee and so creamy smooth . I can have this any time of the day ! Only 60 calories per cup ! That 's ` way under the 100-calorie snack that 's popular now . I highly recommend it . And thanks to Amazon.com , I can get it for just about the same price as the Commissary !
 I have used this product for several years , so I obviously like it . Have iused both French Vanilla and Mocha flavors . Primary reason is that I am diabetic and this does n't upset my diet too much . The only problem with this offer for me is that I made the cardinal sin of a buyer . I saw the price and jumped on ordering it before I checked the size of the container . We have been buying this product at our local Smart & Final for about $ 9.00 per 26.5 OZ . These were $ 6.00 each for only 8.5 OZ .
 Caffe D'Vita Sugar Free Mocha Cappuccino was an unexpected satisfying surprise the first sip I had . My mom who is a diabetic asked to see if I could find this product for her online . She lives in another state and the store that carried Caffe D'Vita Sugar Free stopped ordering it . She made some for me when I was home visiting and I could not believe how wonderful it tasted . And it is also caffeine free ! A serving has only 35 calories . It comes in a variety of flavors as well . What started as 1 person drinking the Mocha has spread to many of her friends and my friends as we introduce a warm cup of Chocolate Mocha to them . It can also be served and prepared cold or iced with a blender . Great product all the way around . Enjoy !
 This is ... hands down ... THE best decaf cappuccino out there . I 'm hooked and so are my friends . You can buy something similar in the stores , but not for this price . Great for Christmas gifts . Love it !
 My wife loves this . Here is our recipe : In a blender we add1 Cup skim milk1 Cup Ice3 rounded teaspoons Cafe D'Vita SF Mocha mix1 oz cofee liquorGreat stuff . Much better than what we find in the supermarket .
 I like the taste of Caffe D'Vita . It has a hint of bitterness which gives it some spunk but not so much as to be bitter . My wife does n't like it but prefers her coffee from a non-instant brewer .
 This is the best Cappuccino mix . It is so hard to find good sugar free products . I ca n't make it through the day without it , and at only 35 calories , what 's not to love !
 I love this drink mix and can only find it on line . Add a little whipped cream-what a treat on a cold day/night .
 I love the product as usual . I will continue ordering the product . The taste is what I like . Keep on sending it.Thanks
 I fell in love with this product when it was sold at my local COSTCO , now I ca n't live without it . It is a wonderful indulgence added to my coffee in the morning !
 This is my favorite sugar free mocha instant coffee . It makes a great dessert . I admit to using a bit more product than the instructions recommend . Amazon 's price is better than our local grocery store .
 I have been buying this item at my local grocery store.However , I saved more money buying it in larger quantity through Amazon.com.The mocha flavor is my favorite in both the sugar and sugar-free products.I enjoy a hot cup of this coffee in the morning with breakfast and then an iced version as a mid-day or as an after dinner treat .
 I love Rosie 's Kitchen spices . A wonderful combination for enhancing all your kitchen delights . I have used them for years . Great tins for keeping them fresh as well .
 This cookie is not sweet like most oatmeal cookies . It is a very heavy dense cookie not chewy or bendable.Overall taste is good if you can live without the sweetness of normal cookies .
 than the chocolate ones . Hmmmmmmmmmmmmm . . Yum , Yum . . pass me another one thank you very much .
 Everyone 's tastes are different . But this is my absolute favorite olive oil . It has complexity , and has this incredible long smooth finish . I pour it over heirloom tomatos , or grilled asparagus , or just dip good bread into it !
 Antara Olive Oil is wonderfully smooth ... like silk in your mouth . The taste is pure olive oil . I 've tried many others , including in Italy , and this is one of the best for the value .
 This oil has got to be the best tasting oil I 've ever tasted ! Very addictive as a dip with good bread ! Five stars ! Love it !
 This is by far my favorite olive and and it is excellent for dips and dressings !!!
 These were delicious , but not wrapped as well as I think they should be . They kind of melted out of their wrapping .
 gift for my brother - in-law . He loved the nuts and shared them with everyone . the gift was loved by everyone .
 Excellent product . I gave this as a gift and the recipient thought it was a great mix and was very pleased .
 We really liked these candies . The outer portion is slightly hard , the inner like taffy . Very much like Starburst -LRB- TM -RRB- , yet without all the artificial colors and other junk . Since my son likes Starburst and similar candies , he really likes these .
 I love these candies . The flavors are strong and delicious . One bad thing for the sellers is that I ca n't eat too many at once -LRB- sour -RRB- so I can enjoy AND control myself ! I keep coming back for more .
 Third time I have ordered this product and it always arrives quickly . Love this candy , wish I knew where to pick it up locally to prevent postage , but so be it . Marie
 this was sooooo deliscious but too bad i ate em too fast and gained 2 pds ! my fault
 These are the same thing as Pasailla Chilis and are readily available at my local grocery store . Why I bought them here I have yet to figure out . Great to cook with and flavor sauces and meats with .
 These are the same thing as Pasailla Chilis and are readily available at my local grocery store . Why I bought them here I have yet to figure out . Great to cook with and flavor sauces and meats with .
 These were delicious , but not wrapped as well as I think they should be . They kind of melted out of their wrapping .
 I own a small night club and this is , hand 's down , the most popular snack item we have . At first we were just giving it away until we started going through way too much of it to justify that anymore . In addition it is not available anywhere in town and , before we found it here , we had to go to a Sam 's club 50 + miles away to stock up on it . apparently it is about as close to being the perfect blend for a wide variety of tastes as one could expect to find . The company also makes a `` Club '' mix , as opposed to the `` Pub '' mix . I made the mistake of buying a huge supply of that and met will strong and continued ire from our clientele . They look about the same but apparently the Club mix lacks some vital ingredient .
 I received a whole package of this delicious , tasty , perfectly seasoned mix that contains just the correct variety of snacks -LRB- pretzels , crackers , nuts , etc -RRB- . Of course , here in Iraq we look forward to receiving care packages and the awesome snacks they contain . However , this snack was the `` Cat 's Meow '' . It is honestly the best snack mix I have ever tasted and my fellow Marines agree on this also . Once it was eaten by all , everyone was inquiring where I had received it and I could only say a caring patriot who included it in one of their care box of goodies.I loved it so much that I ended up on this page because I decided to go online and search for it , and see if I can get multiple packages of this shipped to my unit here in Iraq . I do n't mind paying a few extra bucks for it , to have for me and my fellow Marines to enjoy . It 's just that good that it 's worth it !!! This is a great product and all should try it . After you do , you wo n't think that Chex Mix can light even a dim candle next to the UTZ PUB MIX . Believe me , try it , and you 'll want to keep this stocked in your cabinet for everyone in your family and their friends to enjoy .
 I found these tubs at Costco and was dismayed to discover that they are no longer carrying them . I buy the 4-pack here at amazon and I am very satisfied . The snacks are tasty ; not too salty and offers a variety of chips in the mix that all blend nicely .
 This is definitely the best snack mix I have ever had ! It got me and my buddies through many movie nights while deployed in Iraq .
 I agree with all who have said that this is a great snack , but I just wanted to say that I piad $ 36.95 for a 4 pack of 30 oz containers from the actual UTZ site .
 I tasted this snack at my local pub and found it tasty ... much better than chips or other mixes . I was told it was sold in Sam 's club and Wegman 's for $ 18 per 30 0z container . Bought it from Utz in a 4 pack for $ 41.00 . Each piece has a different taste and texture ... Could not ask for a more delicious snack or a better price . Thank you Utz !
 Hands down , the best snack you will ever voraciously consume at a potentially unhealthy pace.It does contain MSG , so do be warned , but if that does not dissuade you -LRB- as it would never me -RRB- , give this a shot . This has been a godsend during road trips , movie knights , parties , and general get-togethers of all kinds .
 Enjoyed the product and they also provided very fast shipping . I 'm about out and need to order more .
 This mix is great anytime . I love it . Would recommend it to anyone that likes Chex mix .
 I absolutely love this mix . We keep it on our home bar and everyone loves it .
 I found this mix at the Ft Myer Commissary . I looked for this product last time I visited the commissary and could not find it . So here I am online looking and found it here . I could eat this all day . I 've tried several different snack mixes , but most have too many pretzels . This has a very nice balance of flavors and textures -- and not a lot of pretzels . I 'm stocking up !!
 This is an addicting , fantastic snack mix . It has a wonderful variety of crackers and blend of flavors .
 this bar taste good and give me energy to work out . it 's also good as a meal replacement on the go . I would recommend the peanut butter one , it taste better but this one taste good too .
 Yes , it 's very salty . Just thought I 'd get that out of the way right off the top.Maggi bouillon has better flavor and more interesting spices than the Knorr offering , and is something that every home cook should have in the cupboard.When you 're making noodles , rice , sauces , soups , stews , a little of this adds so much more flavor than salt , you can use much less . When you are dieting and just want ` something ' , a cup of this is infinitely better than that handful of chips , and stirs up in seconds.Recommended highly !
 I took a chance and purchased a pack of 6 of these `` Product of Peru '' roasted corn snack packs . I was pleasantly surprised and did not find my batch to be too salty at all . In fact I found them to be less salty than the original Corn Nuts that I remember from the past . However , do n't let the `` Chile Picante '' name -LRB- with flames -RRB- fool you into thinking that these are hot or too spicy . They have a nice flavor that is more of a `` zing '' on a toasted/roasted corn nut . I shared them with co-workers in several offices and they received rave reviews .
 The product luster dust was delivered in a timely manner and everything i was told it would be . It helped make the cake i baked for my daughter 's 30th . birthday something truly special .
 I bake alot and I am adding this to my long wishlist of baking must haves . It is very light to use .
 I call them this because I ca n't seem to keep the gumball machine full . Gumballs are getting harder and harder to find . The kids love these , they say they taste great . They are sized to fit any gumball machine , and the package size would be great for small machines . I have them set up on Subscribe and Save , so I 'm definately buying them again .
 These are great . Convenient sized packs . Arrived fresh and nicely assorted . No bad flavors , no aftertaste . Will definitely order again when I need a quick gumball fix .
 I was nervous about buying a whole case of these circus peanuts , and I groaned when I opened the box and discovered all the peanuts in each bag were clumped together . But luckily , the peanuts separated easily , and they taste fresh and delicious , with that wonderful spongy give and banana flavoring.I bought these to use as balloon weights for a carnival-themed party . I filled small tin pails with circus peanuts and tied balloons to the handles , and I left some unopened bags as decoration on the tables . While everyone thought they were cute , I only saw two people -LRB- out of sixty guests -RRB- actually eat any . I guess most adults do n't like them . But if you do , I think you 'll be happy with this brand .
 My husband loves Circus Peanuts -LRB- yes , he 's probably the only adult I know who likes them ! -RRB- , so I purchased this as a fun part of his birthday present . This product is not one large bag , but 12 snack sized bags . My husband preferred them this way because he could take them to work or wherever and they are already portioned for him . I also compared prices , and at the time I purchased these , it was actually cheaper to get the indvidual bags than to buy one large bag .
 What is not to like ! I got it as a gift for someone and received it fast . It was wrapped in fancy paper and I did n't really even have to wrap it .
 This is the perfect snack food for little ones ~ nutricious and delicious . My daughter loves the Cherry Berry flavor . It 's healthy , it 's a great snack to tuck into your purse for on the go , and it 's reasonably priced considering the fact that it 's real fruit . There is a bit of fruit dust in the bottom of each package , but it 's no big deal . The big chunks of cherry can also be a little too chewy for a small child , so we pick those out or break them up into smaller pieces . Once in a while we 'll catch an apple seed . We just pour the contents into a snack bowl to inspect it first . This product would be great for hikers and campers . We buy this on an ongoing basis to keep the pantry stocked . Yummmm !
 I eat salsa on something everday . I got this from a friend , and loved it so much I ordered a case . Just the right combination of spicy and sweet . Brought it to a friends house and it was GONE in minutes ... all the other snacks had n't been touched . They all kept stopping mid-sentence to say , `` I ca n't believe how good this is , I ca n't stop eating it ! `` Only one drawback ... it does n't come in gallon jugs :-RRB- yum !
 Arizona gunslinger can be summed up quite simply.It 's one of the hottest , but still flavorful hot sauces I 've ever tried . Most hot sauces at this point start pushing hard for the burn , but at the expense of the flavor . Not Arizona Gunslinger . It will toast your tongue , but leave it begging for more smokey pepper goodness after one taste . If you have n't ever tried it , and you like * hot * hot sauces , this is really worth trying at least once . -LRB- although you probably are n't going to want to order an entire case of it , but it tells you I 'm not kidding about loving this stuff . -RRB-
 I 've tried many different pods available for my Senseo . Every one had no flavor . Aloha Island 's coffee pods saved my Senseo machine from the trash . Their pods should be the ones sold w/the machine as Senseo 's coffee tastes like instant . If you want the taste you expect w/your one cup machine , use Aloha Island Coffee . I promise you , this is coffee !!!!
 Wow ! This coffee is so much better than the Senseo Dark Roast I 've been using in my Senseo . It 's not even a fair comparison . My only semi-gripe is that my Senseo machine does n't seem to understand how much water to squirt out over the pod , which is meant to be used as a single in the double pod holder . I have ended up using the two cup button once , then using the same pod and cup , the one cup botton . That gives me ALMOST a decent sized mug of coffee .
 The coffee that my Senseo coffee machine made never got beyond tasting plasticy and metallic , even though I rinsed the unit as directed when I first got it , and followed all procedures . I had to give up on it and get a Cuisinart , which I love . However , the flavor that emerged from these Kona pods , as far as I could tell -LRB- beyond the mask of the plastic -RRB- , was rich and good . Not smooth , because nothing tasted smooth with the Senseo , but as flavorful as I could get . To use a clich&eacute; , I would n't throw out the baby with the bath water . If your Senseo works and does n't make coffee that tastes metallic or plasticy , you might really love this coffee . I thought it had real potential , and I do n't blame the coffeemakers for what the machine did to the product .
 The small `` pods '' are wrapped in foil , so you can throw them into a backpack ! Tastes pretty good for `` camping '' coffee ! ha ha !
 It 's GUMMY candy . And it 's yummy . It 's like excellent strawberry round gummy bears covered in chocolate . Yum .
 None of my friends had ever seen this gum before - until I showed it to them . Needless to say , they all loved it ! Now , they always ask for more , so I think they all like it as much as I do . The first time I had it , and because I did n't know it was gum , I did n't chew it , so it dissolved and I swallowed it ... no harm done though !
 I brought some of these gums to a party , it was a hit ! not a single person has seen this kind of gum before . Everyone wanted more ...
 This granola is excellent with yogurt or milk -LRB- soy or dairy -RRB- . I also have baked apples and sprinkled this on top . Most `` healthy '' granolas on the market are high in fat and have refined sugar -LRB- `` evaporated cane juice . '' -RRB- The amount of maple used is low enough to not give you a buzz , but enough to add just the right level of sweetness .
 These organic cashews are covered in maple sugar and taste great . The 2-ounce package is resealable so you can carry it with you .
 Great candy for the price . Ordered for wedding candy table ! Everyone loved them . Came in as promised , and in excellent condition ! Thank you !! They were perfect !
 I love this brand of creamy toffee having bought it when I come across it for years . I especially love the licorice . I 'd like to find it packaged alone , in fact . This is a quality candy and makes a nice gift or `` thank you '' .
 These toffee 's are great . If you like liquorice you 'll really like these . These were received quickly and in perfect condition . Thanks Oatfield and Amazon .
 This is the same panforte that I purchased while in Siena , and it tastes just as wonderful ! And ignore the paper on the back . It 's just rice paper . You 're supposed to eat it . The Panforte Marghertia is the more authentic panforte , but I prefer this because of the spices . Great panforte .
 THIS IS BY FAR ONE OF THE BEST I 'VE HAD IN A LONG TIME
 Really delicious but impossible to remove paper from back of panforte . I ate the paper , but I would rather have not .
 Dyno 's are simply the best I have ever used , they make a great every day multi and an awesome pre workout supplement . I have not found any other product that are as safe and effective as DynoVites .
 My Mom was super pleased with the basket . She said she would use the same company for her gift baskets .
 Bought at Casa Fruta in Gilroy , CA and love it ! I put it in my ramen soup . I must confess that I put a lot more than most . My bottle is running low now so I will get some more . I would love to try them all . I think that blossomvalleyfoods.com has good prices but I just wanted one bottle . Thank you Amazon !
 I LOVE this pepper sauce ! I 've been hooked on it for years ; would recommend this to anyone who likes a little heat in their food , without the lasting burn . I seriously put it on almost everything !
 The Pepper Plant Chunky Garlic Hot Pepper Sauce 10 Oz . Has great flavor , as all the pepper plants do ! I just love it . It is a bit pricey , but worth it !
 We love this stuff . It goes on everything , from eggs to tacos This is the second time we 've purschased it .
 Taylor 's Market is awesome . Product is heavy garlic and uniquely unexplainable . A little on the bitter side , but really enjoyable when dripped on things like Nachos to give it a different zing .
 My husband absolutely LOVES this sauce . We picked some up on our way through Gilroy , CA once and bought 6 on our next trip through ! It adds great flavor to Tacos , Eggs , Potatoes , Breakfast Burrito 's , and lots more !
 I bought this years ago , after using it in a restaurant . It goes great on eggs and hash browns . It 's my favorite breakfast sauce . I found other selections at -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 this can can add a little pick me up to your foods.would reccomend to anyone .
 The Pepper Plant Chunky Garlic Hot Pepper SauceIf you love garlic and hot pepper sauce , you will love this !!
 This is the best hot sauce around . We use it in everything we make .
 Discovered these sauces at a restaurant in Monterrey , CA , and searched everywhere at the Gilroy Garlic Festival , but it was not available.Finally found it at Amazon.It 's spicy but does n't burn . Pleasantly garlicky . My family is hooked , and we put it on everything . Try it on grilled fish for something a little different .
 This stuff is AMAZING !!! Unlike many hot sauces that focus on the burn , this hot sauce has a fantastic flavor and still has a kick ! I 'm a big wuss when it comes to hot sauce , but I suffer gladly for the great garlicky flavor of this sauce . It 's very difficult to find in stores , but if you ever see it , it 's worth trying !
 I first ran across this wonderful stuff several years ago while visiting friends in California . It was instant love ! I have of course not been able to purchase this product here on the E. Coast but friends living in California , traveling through that area , and indeed . . every time I make a visit , bottles of this stuff wind up on my shelf.I use this tasty sauce on just about any appropriate food item . It is a condiment I keep on the table during every meal . Now do n't think you are just getting a hot sauce here ... no , no , no ! The flavor is what makes this the best . The only sauce I have ever tasted that came near it was from two bottles of liquid heaven I purchased in Jamaica which is made and bottled by a single family their and is almost impossible to get . This product though is almost its equal.The sauce is smooth with a garlic taste most certainly , but not overwhelming . No edgy jalapeno after taste is present -LRB- Jalapeno are not my favorite , that 's for sure -RRB- . This product , as one reviewer her put it , does not focus simply on the burn as most of these concoctions do . I am not sure what all goes in the stuff , but what ever it is , it works.This is the primary ingredient for a BBQ sauce I make -LRB- sorry , old family secret -RRB- and of course it works right out of the bottle on almost all meat , fish and many , many vegetables . I personally do not like any sort of sauce on my eggs but I have many good friends that do and they rave about this stuff every time they stay over and I fix breakfast for them.If this stuff is ever offered nationally , I hope they do not fool around with the process too much . I would rather it remain a bit hard to get than risk loosing this unique flavor.Trust me and give this stuff a try ... I promise you will not be sorry .
 The Previous reviews sums up the quality taste of this product.I found this product almost 20 years ago at a diner in Pismo Beach.At the time the Pepper Plant was a local -LRB- Atascadero -RRB- mom & pop operation and could n't be found south of Santa Barbara or north of San Luis Obispo.I was living an hour north of San Francisco and was fortunate enough to purchase the sauce at the diner , I purchased 4 bottles and hit that diner about every 6 months for years.The company was purchased by a larger gourmet foods manufacturer in Gilroy and did n't change a thing.If anything it was a benefit for the product as it is now in the heart of where the ingredients are grown.I was able to get my local Whole Foods to carry Pepper Plant and another store across town.I have noticed that people are discovering the fantastic flavor of a California original and hope more people discover the best pepper sauce in the west.The bar-b-que sauce is excellent too . Cheers !
 My husband and I always have this at a local eatery , and WOW , it works with eggs , french fries , burgers , you name it . It 's not as much Hot as it is SPICY and the balance of the garlic is a beautiful thing . It does n't drown out the taste of your food as much as it adds to it or enhances it . It also does n't have that obnoxious jalapeno taste that many hot sauces have . A must buy for the hot sauce or bbq sauce fan , or someone like me that just loves breakfast .
 This is the best thing to put on eggs and sausage for breakfast - EVER!Unfortunately , it also is very difficult to find in stores hence the need to order it online.Nothing makes eggs and breakfast heaven compared to this wonderful sauce . Garlic and hot pepper lovers will rejoice .
 I love the taste of this sauce ! It 's not super spicy , but has a good kick to it . Love it as a shrimp marinade and sometime I mix it in my BBQ sauce for a little extra something . Really yummy stuff .
 My husband brought a bottle of this home from the restaurant in Cali . He made pork chops with it , we think this is the best marinade for meats , it also makes a great dipping sauce .
 Delicious on anything you want spicier . Great garlicky flavor but not overpowering with vinegar like a tabasco . Somewhat like a Sriracha but not sweet . Makes dull tomato soup all crazy awesome . Eggs , potatoes , stir frys , vegetables , steaks , chicken . Triggers a Pavlovian response like you would n't believe . I am officially starving now . Dammit !
 This is the greatest garlic hot sauce in the world !!!! Tastes great on anything and everything . If you like garlic , you &#34; ll love this sauce .
 This is the best seasoning that you can buy on the market . Seriously . You ca n't got wrong with this ingredient in any dish ! Fantastic and so many uses . Buy it !!
 This is a great soup base , and I think it 's a better used as a base than stand-alone as a finished product . Consider making a soup with shrimp , fish balls , vegetables , and then serving it over noodles . A fair price would be $ 3.00 per bottle , however .
 My husband is Chinese and loves hot sauce , so I ordered this for him . He loves it ! It 's authentic !
 I thought this may be a little hot for me so I mixed a few teaspoons with a little mirin and sesame oil . Very , very good . However , I tried to order 5 more and the shipping was more than the product so I cancelled the order .
 A tablespoon of this mixed in with the classic NY Times Sesame Noodles Recipe -LRB- google it -RRB- , and you are transported to an upper west side chinese restaurant , circa 1975 . Not all that spicy , a whiff of 5 spice powder . Essential !!
 It 's great , drink it at bedtime and you will go to the bathroom in the morning .
 This product is supposedly the best brand you can get for Senna Tea . I can see why . It helped me go when I thought nothing would . You do not need Enemas when there is Senna Tea . Thank god man . . This stuff works . It took about 15 hours for me , which was quite shocking . It let everything out . Yeah baby ... . Oh yeah , and it tastes good too .
 great tea , let 's face it , indgestion and regularity can be a real problem for some of us . I 've tried a few cleansing tea , this tea is great to gently clean you out . When you start taking the tea , let it seep only a 2-3 min the first few days , I like the caffein free before bed and in the morning . . well you know .
 This stuff is awesome , it really does work . Iv only done it once so far becuase its hard to find a day where im not going anyway and i can just stay home . but i look forward to using it agian . good detox !
 This product was delivered to me fast . Everything that was supposed to be there , was there . I am a happy customer. : -RSB-
 I 'm so glad that there is a natural laxative product that does not cause uncomfortable cramping or unpredictability . I 'm only mad I did n't find it sooner ! It helps your digestion without causing emergency situations -LRB- like stimulant laxatives -RRB- . For those of us who have never been able to `` go '' regularly , this truly does help . And it continues to work even if you miss a day or two .
 Senna leaf tea lives up to its claims but prefer tea bags to be in separate envelopes .
 My husband is a nut for these suckers . We found these here at Amazon.com at a terrific price . My brother-in-law is also a nut for these suckers & as he is in Iraq we packaged some up in our FoodSaver & shipped them overseas . It is yet to be determined if they 've arrived yet . I 'm sure he 'll send us an e-mail with a huge `` THANKS ! '' once he sees them . My husband meanwhile at approximately 2.8 lbs of these things in just a matter of days , like 3 to be exact . Definitely worth the money !
 They carry this at our grocery store here in town , but I 've found out that buying on Amazon.com and getting the free shipping , I end up saving money on spices that I use most often . Morton & Bassett spices are quality spices , one of the top brands , pricey at the grocery store , less expensive here at Amazon . I was quite pleased with the freshness of the chives , they were not stale-smelling like bargain spices often are . Great for your baked potatoes , or on sliced tomatoes .
 My family all agreed on these cookies that we brought back from Siena , Italy . They thought they were the best cookies they ever tasted ! They are crunchy on the outside & moist and almond flavored on the inside . They were purchased in a small bakery shop in the Siena Square . The nuts are ground to a powder.Ingredients
 The chocolate flavor shines in this bittersweet chocolate . The `` callets '' are the right size for melting easily -LRB- I used them for truffles -RRB- . This is good chocolate , worth the price .
 Love this chocolate ! If you 've ever tried to temper with the crappy chocolate you find at the grocery store , you will instantly be grateful for this stuff . It tempered on my first try and tasted wonderful ! Definitely worth the money .
 Calebaut is premium Belgian chocolate . The callets are a convenient size for melting for truffles .
 I purchased this for making fudge . I made 2 batches , one using the Callebaut dark chocolate and one using Bakers brand chocolate . In my unscientific blind taste test 2 out of 12 people preferred the Callebaut , the other 10 preferred the Bakers . All said the Callebaut was smoother and creamier , but most said the Bakers was more `` chocolaty '' . The Callebaut was easier to measure and use -LRB- I did n't have to chop it up for quicker melting -RRB- . Maybe using a 50/50 mixture of each will produce the quality between smoothness and chocolate that I want .
 I have a candy bowl that sets on my desk at work . This `` root beer '' has been a hit . I bought it at a great price on Amazon and I will buy more when this supply runs out .
 This was a lovely gift hamper . It is small and sweet and can be given to anyone . My dad really enjoyed all the treats !
 I bought this basket as a gift for a colleague , so I never actually got to see it for myself . The recipient of the gift informed me that it was fantastic ! On the basis of that review , I would purchase again in the future .
 This is the favorite candy of my son , and he is the one who received it . They just loved it .
 My aunt - a certified snacker - was very grateful to have received this gift for its goodies , but also for the desk caddy she stores her mailing labels and notepads in .
 quick and easy and at my door in 2-3 days could not be happier i would definetly go through this company again
 Coffee lovers will love this , it comes with a lot of specialty items and I know two coffee drinkers who are going to love thisThank You Desk Caddy of Coffee and Treats Gift Basket
 I placed my order at 8 am and they shipped my order around noon the same day . Awesome thank you .
 brought his basket as a gift to a frend in another state . I did n't see it but the recipient was very happy .
 I sent this as a gift to a neighbor for helping remove some brush . He said it was nice and he liked it . I liked the ease of ordering and sending the gift .
 have given a lot of these away to customers and secretaries ... never had any complaints and have had a lot of ` thank you 's ' This is a great gift for the money ...
 This was the perfect size and gift for a go-away . Although the plate is permanently mounted , `` Thank You '' we were able to put a `` Happy Travels '' card in front of it .
 It was a delivery misunderstanding mainly because of the person who received it . Amazon delivered once again , many thanks .
 These are by far the best snacks around and my favorite of all the Sensible Foods dried snacks . Since I first tried these I have been hooked on them and they are a great tracel snack for me and my daughter !
 Boylan 's Diet Cane Cola is one of the best Diet drinks I 've ever had . They capture a `` circa-1940 '' cola feel , when all sorts of people manufactured regional cola brands . They 've done a fine job .
 Frankly , `` Granny 's '' is too hot for me , although I should 've guessed that from the name -- `` Peach 'n' Pepper . '' It was given to me , however , and I really do love the manufacturer ` sMango Ginger Habanero Sauce . While pourable , `` Granny 's '' is quite chunky , and I particularly like the recipe that mixes the sauce with cream cheese for a yummy dip/cheese ball . I 'm thinking I need to do that again ; the cream cheese dilutes the heat , and they really make a yummy pair.edit
 I LOVE THIS SAUCE !!!!!!!! It 's just the right amount of spicy with some sweet to offset it . It is delicious . We like to use it on wings . I turned my brother in law and sister onto it too . They both love it . I wanted to send them a six pack for Christmas and am really bummed out that it 's not available . H.E.B. -LRB- Texas grocery store -RRB- carried it for a while . Then I found it on Amazon and now I ca n't find it anywhere . It seems it 's being discontinued .
 I HAD NEVER HAD BUBBLE TEA UNTIL I BOUGHT THIS . I FOUND THAT I LOVED IT AND THE FLAVOR IS GOOD .
 This is good candy . I am a gummi fan , and this is the best I have tasted in gummi candies so far . I ordered it thru Warehouse Deals on Amazon and get an excellent price for this product -LRB- less than .50 per bag -RRB- . This is a good product .
 We used to drive to the Basket Loft in order to buy this brand of candy because they are just that much better than the competition , although the brand Wal-Mart sells is a good second -LRB- sour worms only -RRB- . Highly recommended for Gummy enthusiasts .
 One of my favorite candy companies of all time ! I would love it more if I could get it a little cheaper though .
 Such a good deal compared to the candy store ! I live in the middle of nowhere and love to stock my own personal candy store !
 Absolutely the best tasting artificial apple EVER ! If you like apple flavored candy , DO IT ! You wo n't be sorry ; -RRB-
 I love this candy , it is my favorite and this is the only place I can buy it . . thanksfor sending it to me so fast ...
 These are great but like the other reviews say , they are a little softer than your regular haribo gummies , I prefer the chewier texture of the gummy frogs but these taste great !
 I LOVE these gummis . I first had them IN Germany , and they are n't supposed to be tough and chewy like the gold bears . They are softer than that , and the flavor is green apple . They are one of my favorite candies . I did n't get any chemical taste in any bag I have ever bought .
 I 'm a fanatic for gummy candy , especially the sour kind . But most sour gummy worms look and taste like a chemistry experiment , and most apple and -LRB- especially -RRB- apricot fruit -LRB- ish -RRB- rings taste artificial too . Haribo does a much better job ; their pink grapefuit was my favorite gummy until I discovered these apple ones . They taste natural , real healthy apple flavor , less stridently sour than grapefruit . Now it 's a tie for top place
 Sits in a bowl - all 5lbs of it - I walk by it every time I go down to the kitchen . It tempts me , but I say no ! Only when I accomplish something will I abduct a single sugary morsel as a reward . To prolong the ecstasy , I nibble at it to nothingness . I 'd like to imagine its bountiful siblings watching in sheer horror from their glass home as I do the deed ... Sometimes I take two ...
 There are two apple flavors in the bag , as shown by the red/green v white/green candies . The red/green is a bit less tart than the white/green , with an excellent apple flavor . Neither of the candies tastes like the generic `` sour apple '' flavor used in most cheap candies . In short , there are no other candies with this apple flavoring out there , making this a must buy .
 I 've ordered several Haribo products from Amazon . The first was a 5 pound bag of gummi peaches , which were excellent . I did n't think they could be beat . I saw these shortly after the bag of peaches was finished and had to give them a try . Although they are not quite as good as the peaches , they still have a very unique apple flavor , like nothing you 've ever tasted before . I would highly recommend these apple gummi candies if you like the haribo gummi peaches or similar items .
 Haribo Gummi Candy , Gummi Apples , 5-Pound BagI bought these -LRB- Using S&S ; ! -RRB- to augment my standard purchase of the Haribo peach gummies that I have become addicted to , only to ignore the peach in favor of these BEYOND YUMMY Apple gummies . OMG ! Juicy , Yummy , and so like the Fuji Apples I crave . The green and red ones are THE BEST , but the green and white ones are also refreshing . When gone , I then began my , by now dull , Haribo peach gummies even as I yearned for more Apple ! GO for it ! And , these are also free of the allergens I have to avoid - - dairy , soy and gluten ! BEYOND YUMMM ! Is there a 10 star available ? No ? Then , Double 5 !! AMZ - - -LRB- Are you paying attention ? -RRB- How about a spell checker here !?!
 I never purchase huge bags of candy like this but I love all things apple . Plus , there was an extra 25 % off Haribo sale so I went for it and purchased this and the peach :-RRB- . I like the peach a little better , but both are good.A good tip that I read on the reviews here , was to keep them fresh in a ziploc bag or tupperware . I plan on splitting the bag with friends because it is definitely as much candy as 5 lbs sounds like - A LOT!The gummy is chewy , fresh -LRB- as much as candy can be -RRB- , not too sweet , and basically just a perfect bite or two of yummy goodness to satisfy your sweet tooth . I highly recommend this .
 I 've been hooked on the peaches to the point where I worry I 'm going to get type 2 diabetes . So I decided to try the apples . They have the same texture and taste wonderfully applely , not too tart and not too sweet .
 Haribo gummies are unquestionably the absolute best gummies out there . They cost slightly more than other gummy candies , but it 's because of their superior texture and taste as compared to Black Forest and other brands . If you prefer a soft texture with fake taste ... then stock up on Black Forest gummies cause that 's exactly what you 'll get ! These Haribo gummi apples are spectacular and PERFECT for satisfying your sweet tooth !
 Not sure what the 1 star reviewer tasted , but I did n't have the same experience . The gummies were very much in line with other Haribo gummi , and not at all like a gum drop . They are pretty thin and chewy with just the right amount of natural apple flavor . If you love green apple flavor , you need to try these .
 These are n't as sour as lets say sour worms , but they have a juicy texture to them . They have two colors , a green/white and a green/red . They apparently have different flavors to them . I love them and my girlfriend prefers the green ones .
 Several of us at my work place purchased this for one of our co-workers . This turned out to be an excellent gift . There are lots of goodies packed inside this gift basket and the price is great !
 I have sent this basket to several different people , -LRB- death in the family -RRB- and suprisingly I have heard from the recipients how `` happy '' and `` wonderful '' they thought the basket was . They enjoyed all the goodies and nothing went to waste !
 The family which received this gift basket from me told me that there were many great items in this gift basket . This family is one of the families in my neighborhood , and I do not talk with them very frequently , but it definitely sounded like they enjoyed this item . Like with most gift items such as this , I did not have the opportunity to see it or sample it myself , so I only was able to go by their response during their phone call . Since it seemed like a happy and authentic thank you to me , this is what I wanted to pass to others to help them in making their decision .
 If you are looking to gift someone with gourmet food gift basket , I guess these would be good choice . The number of items are large , and they all seem to be quality items .
 This is an excellent gift basket . I gave it to my mother . She loved it , and could not be happier . This is a very good deal and make sure to get the extra gift wrap at the amazon check out . It could not look more beautiful . Wonderful product it really shows that a persons cares by sending this gift .
 oh my gosh this item was super , my friend loved it , there was over 20 items in this basket , very tasty , of coarse i had to taste . great buy , worth the price , AAAA + + + + + +
 I sent this to my mother as a thank you for all she 's done for my family , she LOVED it , especially the basket ! Silly I know , but she was so happy and told me she loved me , I 'm so glad I could make her happy .
 Purchased this item for my parents ' 24th wedding anniversary . It 's a beautiful gift with lots of choice foods inside . I would recommend this as a gift for any occasion suitable for anyone - every foods inside will be greatly enjoyed by the recipient ! Ca n't say enough about the seller -LRB- Art of Appreciation -RRB- - BEST GIFT SELLER EVER !!!! Accomodated my request to ship out asap . THANK YOU !!
 This was a gift for our financial advisor . It went over very well and was appreciated . You might say it was a good investment .
 Super easy to use . I cut up chicken breast or thighs into strips and throw in a baggie with several good shakes to coat . Massage chicken . Throw on grill or grill pan , cook through . Wonderful exotic but not weird exotic flavor . Use in gyros , with rice or in salad .
 When I bought my tagine I was looking for some unique spices to put in the food that I planned to cook in it . This is really good on chicken , I recommend it !!!
 I combined this with olive oil and rubbed onto chicken breasts . I let it sit overnight and grilled the next day . Great flavor ! We ate this on pita bread with lettuce , chopped tomato and cucumber , hummus and feta . Great summer meal .
 Is the monkey on your back the Cookie Monster ? If so , these are for you . How they managed to ship these rich , luscious cookies so that they arrived intact is a mystery . The taste is delicious , rich but not cloying , and so good that you may well think long and hard before offering them to anyone not near and dear to your heart . . otherwise the recipients may well follow you with the intensity usually called stalking , just hoping you 'll drop a cookie . Seriously . They 're that good .
 My husband 's mon love this basket . She said it was darling , colorful and pretty . She was very surprised with the gift
 This is a refreshing tea that keeps your tastebuds wanting more . Please do n't compare this product to another company who does not make tea as their primary product . It would be like expecting an apple to taste like an orange ! While I wish this tea was easier to purchase at the organic food stores , it is not . If you like a sweet minty tea , that you do not have to add anything too , this is perfect !!!
 I started to panic when I discovered these were out of stock ... they are a just-right tasty treat ! The dark chocolate and caramel melt in your mouth , with the pretzel adding a nice slightly salty crunch . I guess I 'll have to try to find them elsewhere , grrrr !!
 These are yummy . We put them in ziplock bags as soon as they arrive as they seem to go stale quite quickly . Probably a good sign that they are n't loaded with some scary shelf-prolonging carcinogen .
 Every time i see such a bonsai , i 'm getting this sensation ... i really really love it ... i have 12 myself ... but all self made ... I would really love to buy me such a piece once , but i 'm doing this art now for about 4-5 years , and i guess more training sure ca n't hurt when ik comes to these old japanese trees.Now , IMHO i think this one is a bit overprized i guess ... you really have to see the tree himself ... and get docs and a bit of training from the trainer of this bonsai.I 'm seeing the word Brussel 's here , and that 's really odd to read you know , maybe it would probably be a bonsai from our beloved bonsai master here in belgium ... just too bad i 've never bin there ... But shears from Brussel 's ... hmmm , i have strong doubts about that ... most things here are imported . I never saw anything like that produced here ...
 As this is a gift basket , I did n't actually receive it . I sent it.However , the lucky recipient has mentioned it in emails no less than three times over the past month . Delicious , sinful , and decadent - or so I was told . Apparently the chocolate mints were a huge hit . -LRB- There were chocolate mints ? -RRB- Sending gift baskets is a bit of a mine field when you do n't really know your recipient , and when you 're doing it online and do n't know the supplier.So , thumbs up to this Supplier . You made me look really good . Will buy from you again AND recommend you highly to others .
 Oh , I was just floored when I received this basket from a business associate . The contents really said '' THANKS '' . I 'll be ordering this one if the occasion arises .
 Recently sent this to my best friend as a little thank you gift and she really enjoyed it ! Thanks !
 I ordered one of these for a gift to be delivered to a client in USA , so it is a great service for me to use , and the recipient said it was great and seemed to really love it , so I think this is one I will give again in the future!Helene Malmsio
 Bought this for my mom 's bday saying wish i could give her a million bucks for her bday but could only afford this . She loved it ! Thought it was hilarious and made for a fun bday present .
 I never saw this gift basket myself nor tried any goodies from it . I bought it to say `` Thank you '' to my business associate.The recipient liked it , so I think I will purchase it again in the future . It is priced fairly and it is a nice way to express your gratitude .
 Excellent Basket . My dad loved it . I gave it to him for his Birthday . Unfortunately , it was so good , that he did n't share with me . I took a few chocolate chip cookies and shortbread cookies when he was n't looking . They were good ! The basket looks small when it arrives , but it has numerous goodies in it . Would recommend highly .
 I had this tea at a place I ate and just had to find it for myself . I am so happy I did . Very nice and soothing for an evening hot beverage ! Worth having to pay postage ! Thank you and thanks to USPS !
 This chamo-spearmint combo killer is both , a powerful mind enhancer and your soothing masseuse of the night . Your mind will buzz at the optimal I.Q. levels while your body will experience an erotic meltdown.Second , great affordable price.Third , tiny complaint > packages sealed too tight . You ca n't open them by hand . And scissors make mistakes so might end up loosing the tailpiece . But that 's being nitty picky .
 I am very happy to find this tea at a great price ! It is the only thing that works for me , to help reduce cramps and swelling . I have also turned a few friends onto this tea and they are very happy with it . Thanks !
 Dandelion root is a primary herb in this tea and is recognized as a diuretic . It is a safe diuretic because it contains high levels of potassium to replace the potassium lost . This tea helps to temporarily reduce water retention , so common during certain times of the month . When you start to experience water retention , drink a few cups of this tea , especially during the 7-10 days before menstruation.The earthy , roasted grain taste is wonderful with an orange blossom honey or a packet of stevia . I steep this tea in my coffee maker because you really need to keep the water warm for about 10-15 minutes to really brew a good effective tea . Just put the tea bags in the coffee pot and let the water drip over the tea bags.Ingredients : Dandelion root , roastedChicory root , roastedParsley leafNettle herbUva Ursi leafCornsilkCarob pot , roastedBarley kernel , roastedOatstraw herbChickweed herbCramp barkAll the herbs are non-irradiated . There are no added flavors and this is a caffeine free tea for women.NOTE
 What can I say ! Mary Janes Candy are my all time favorite ! I just wish more stores carried them . Shipping on this product was very fast !
 this was a gift for a friend with a sweet tooth she always ate them when younger but havent seen them around in years when she opened them up it ws her best gift you would have thought but only problem was she would n't share thanks for a great gift
 Yes , 240 Mary Janes is a LOT of peanut-butter flavored toffee , but they 're so delicious ! The candies arrived fresh - they were delightfully soft and chewy . Mary Janes have a strong peanut butter taste that we love . They 're probably not so great for one 's dental fillings , though .
 Ordered this candy for a friend who was a little under the weather , it is her favorite . She saw the jug , and she cheered right up ! Shipment was fast , price was great ! And candy was good , she ate the whole thing already !
 I love Ice Breakers stick gum and it is increasingly difficult to find in the stores . I ordered it from Amazon to feed my addiction. :-RRB- The price was good , the service was speedy , the gum was delicious.Thanks
 I love the Ice Breakers gum because it will chew up to half a day and remain soft to chew and retains the minty flavor .
 Zamouri Spices prepares their deliciously unique spices with great care . They are absolutely delicious . A big plus are their online recipes ! I have made the Moroccan Barbequed Chicken on many occasions as it is produces one of the most delicious meals I have ever eaten -- and I do not like chicken!I suggest you peruse their online recipes to determine which spices to purchase . And buy more than you expect to use , because you will find yourself cooking more and more with their declicious recipes .
 I 've used Shawarma for Meat to cook osso buco -LRB- cross cut veal shank -RRB- and lambs on my tagine . It comes out great every time ! Along with this spice , I found it necessary to add sea salt and ground pepper to the meat before cooking it on low heat for 1.5 hrs . The meat comes out fork-tender . Great on white or brown rice . The beauty of tagine cooking is that you can bring the dish from stovetop to the dinner table . Very simple ... and delicious.The same can be said of Shawarma for Chicken . I normally do n't like to buy too many spices . Shawarma for Chichen and Shawarma for Meat both have very diffrent taste . I end up using these spices quite often on my tagine . Dump all the meat , shallots , onions , olives and lemon juice into the tagine and wait for 1-1 .5 hrs -LRB- scraping the bottom of the dish every now and then so it does n't burn . -RRB- Combined with veggie -LRB- sautee or steamed -RRB- and rice and you got one hearty meal . My family was quite impressed !
 I 've never actually had Shawarma that someone else has made , but I 've been on a mid-east kick for several years now . I wanted to try this instead of using my own , just to compare . I 'm very pleased with this blend and the family loves it too . It does n't have much salt if any , so I do add that to the cooked meat . I 've used it on chicken mostly but it will work on other stuff too .
 This is a good combination of flavors -LRB- spices -RRB- . There is something missing that I ca n't quite figure out , but I use it a lot and love the quality and mix . I got some Zamouri Spice from the Jerusalem Cafe that I wish I could figure out what it has that this one does n't . That is why the missing star .
 the taste on these is excellent !! cant beat the berry taste ! however , package says soft and chewy gummy candy , the gummy part is not at all soft!thats why i give a 4 instead of a 5 . the little nerds candys on the rope taste very good also .
 I love the variety of the sampler and the convenience of the pods .
 I 've purchased this assortment three times now and love the quality , quantity , and variety . It 's an excellent value and I much prefer brewing pods vs. grounds . The consistency of the pods is so much greater than grounds -LRB- especially with low-end consumer grinders and espresso machines -RRB- and the speed and convenience make it a no-brainer . Using pods and a sampler pack like this is like trying a different coffee shop every day .
 I 've been an espresso freak since I first tried one after viewing The Godfather Part II -LRB- Don Fanucci downs it in one gulp while talking to the young Vito Coreleone -RRB- . I used to go to Starbucks every morning , but I eventually decided to buy my own machine -LRB- Espressione Cafe Retro -RRB- and brew my own . I gravited to pods because they were so much easier and less messy than ground coffee . I buy the Sampler Packs from Podmerchant exclusively , but not because I am attempting through scientific research to find the `` best '' brand . There is no BEST brand . Sometimes I want something light and tangy , so I 'll reach for an Attibassi Nicaragua . Maybe a rich , heavy blast after a big meal ? Got ta be a Lucaffe Mr. Exclusive . Early afternoon is the perfect time for a Cafe Mako Napoletano . I like the variety , I like the colorful packaging , I like to be surprised and not know what 's coming next ! Espresso is a treat , a pure delight , something to be savored . Who wants to savor the same thing over and over ? Give me variety , or give me death !
 If you are new to ESE Pods , this is a great way to find the brands of pods you like best . Get this package and keep careful tasting notes - and remember , your machine will also work better with some pods than others . The idea is to experiment as much as you can for as little cost as possble and this sampler makes it easy.On my Francis ! Francis ! X3 , the Espressione , Lavazza , and Caffe Mako seem to be the better of the bunch so far . But I 'll probably be able reach a final consensus after my next sampler .
 I recently bought an espresso machine that had a basket for pods -LRB- be advised that you need to have a machine that has a special basket for ESE Pods - if you 're not sure , you probably do n't have one -RRB- . I thought I would give some a try and Pod Merchant seems to carry them all -LRB- I lived in Italy for several years and Pod Merchant has some Italian coffee brands that even I 've never heard of -RRB- . The sampler packs are a fun way to try different brands . Some are better than others , but trying them out will keep you from later ordering 100 of something you do n't like.The order was processed quickly and they were delivered no problem via UPS . There were also a couple of `` freebie '' pods and a coupon as a thank you for the order which I thought was a nice touch .
 At first glance , it seems like 60 cents per pod is really rather expensive . Starbucks charges $ 0.42 / pod in boxes of 12 . Other merchants like Podhead charge anywhere from $ 0.42 and up plus shipping . This sampler contains some exclusive pods that retail for much more making this a decent deal afterall . However , do n't be fooled into thinking you 'll really want to drink $ 2.00 pods on a daily basis . -LSB- ... -RSB- and they have free shipping on $ 75 or more orders . Most are less than $ 0.50 / pod if you buy a quantity worthy of a casual espresso drinker .
 The best sampling of pods I 've run across . Price works out to be about 58.3 cents per pod . What 's really nice is that I did n't know that you could get single-origin pods , and at least two of the brands in this sampler offer them , so it 's great to taste the differences in the single-origin coffees as well as the differences in roasts between manufacturers . Find what you like , and then you can get larger quantities of the pods you really like . No joke about taking notes , either . It helps to keep track of which ones you like and dislike ... There is definitely variation in the flow through the different pod brands too - so find what works well with your machine too .
 If you are just starting out w / espresso , or looking for a new brand-THIS IS FOR YOU ! I thought this was great . It gives you 2 of each . You are able to try so many different types of espresso in just 1 purchase . See what you like & go from there . I actually enjoyed all of them . I give this sampler 5 stars .
 I 've been buying espresso pods for a long time through various sellers and at Starbucks -LRB- although they rarely have any in stock -RRB- . It 's nice to find so many different pods available from one seller , much less in one package . I 'm looking forward to trying them all . Unlike another reviewer here , I consider the price to be more than fair considering what it 'd cost you otherwise to try all these coffees . The shipping was very fast too .
 I 've looked all over for a decent selection of espresso pods . I was sohappy to find PodMerchant 's Super Sampler . There are two each of 29different pods so I was able to try out more different pods than I 'd beable to otherwise . This is an espresso-lover 's dream ! I 'm also going totry PodMerchant 's Decaf Sampler .
 Some past there best buy date , but were still good . Will try again . and again . A great variety of Kenya , Italian , columbian , Arabica . Fun packaging , arrived in a big ziploc bag . Appreciated the UPS delivery with tracking and delivery notification .
 After multiple orders of this super sampler I decided I just HAD to leave a review . While the sampler is a good deal in terms of cost per serving the real kicker is the variety of espresso you get to try . While I have my favorites I can honestly say there is not a single pod in the bunch I do n't enjoy .
 What can I say ? I have n't had a bad one yet . Just need to figure out which ones to purchase next .
 I ordered a decaf sampler , but a super sampler was sent to me in error . I called up Pod Merchant and they very amiably said they would send me a decaf sampler at no charge because of their mistake . I received the next package in three days , with plenty of time before Christmas . I was very happy with Pod Merchant 's customer service and the espresso is amazing !
 ordered the super sampler for my new espresso machine . the espresso was excellent . the pods were very convenient . it was pricy , but i will order more .
 You like some more than other , and I definitely could have done without the decaf .
 I am relatively new to the home brewed espresso machines . After some trial and error I have found ground -LRB- no I do n't grind my own , yet -RRB- espresso that I really like . I have been buying the Illy pods at the local Bed Bath & Beyond , with the 20 % coupons they are a great deal.I happened across this E.S.E. pod assortment while I was looking at new espresso machines . -LRB- I wound up buying a Breville -RRB- I really love all the varieties . It seemed , when I was trying the different brands each one was better than the previous . I think that my favorite in this assortment are the Lucafe pods . The artwork on the pack is very 20 's and the espresso is outstanding . All the pods were fresh , they have dates stamped on the package . I have ordered multiple times since my first purchase and have signed up for the PodMerchant newsletter , which includes a discount code.This assortment is all blended coffee , that is , mostly Arabica with some Robusta . I did n't know what that meant , either , but do now . PodMerchant also offers assortments of 100 % Arabica , and even Lucafe assortments -LRB- just bought one - I was not disappointed -RRB- If you 've never used the pod adapter that came with your machine , time to order this variety pack and find that pods can be better than ground ! And less time to coffee !
 This is a terrific deal . Wonderful variety . My wife got this for me as a valentines gift - she does n't even drink coffee , so this was a real sign of love . It has been tremendous fun to sample all the different kinds . ESE pods are no fuss no mess , and all of these make fantastic coffee .
 I really like this sampler collection and would have gtiven it 5 stars but for the fact that I liked the same vendor 's `` blend '' sampler even better.This one is almost TOO much of a good thing . I ca n't keep straight which ones I like and which ones I do n't like -LRB- very few -RRB- . It will also take me a while to go through all of them.If you have multiple espresso drinkers in your house , this one may be for you . If you are the only one drinking it , I 'd opt for the smaller blend sampler and keep things a little fresher . Just my opinion . All are of good quality . No compliants at all .
 This is such an easy , much less messy way to use your expresso/cappuccino machine ! it 's so easy and it comes out perfectly each time ! I will just continue to get this pack , because every single one is a treat !
 Great assortment of PODs delivered in a giant , resealable bag . Highly recommended . Pods were all individually wrapped and very fresh . Great aromas upon opening some of the pod envelopes , too ! The graphics on the individual pod envelopes are pretty interesting ; definitely adds to the fun of trying all these new coffees . Each time I made an espresso I marked the empty POD envelopes A , B or C to remember which ones I liked best . I recently got a Francis X1 and this sampler pack has helped me enjoy my new espresso machine .
 What a Surprise when I opened my Amazon order ! I guess I didnt realize just how much coffee there was in the order . I am enjoying all the different coffee 's , especially since it is so easy to make W / the pods . Not the best press of espresso , but still a nice variety , and EASY to clean up.Thanks for the Trip.Patrick Pala
 This was a good sample of different types of pods , although I am not sure I can tell them apart in a blind tasting . There are definitely differences in the brands - I do like some better than others , but overall are all pretty good .
 So far all the pods have been good . The problem is that it is more work than I am willing to put in to properly evaluate all the different brands to see if you really like one more than others .
 I was only familiar with a couple that are in this group , that are my primary espresso pods . Most of them were good , a few not so good . Glad I tried it . This was a good purchase to compare my 2 favorites with . Sticking with my favorites
 Actually this large selection was overkill for me since I make flavored lattes instead of just making expresso , and I 'm missing a lot of the subtle tastes . But still , there are some brands that do n't go well in flavored lattes so it was a good way to find out what not to get in the future . I rate about 90 % of the brands OK to good . Three or four stand out for my purpose .
 Liked most of the flavors , but since I like my coffee strong and black , a lot of them were too weak . Good buy though .
 This super sampler was really SUPER ! It had a great selection of different brands of espresso to try . My ESE pod espresso maker got lots of use on vacation at the lake . However , to be honest , I used most of these in my Mr Coffee K-cup coffee maker by cutting open the pods and using the filter adapter . Beats hand pumping every time ! And the espresso comes out great !
 This is a fun product . We do n't drink high end coffee every day so I was not disappointed by the less than illy quality pods included in the sampler . I enjoyed the unexpectedly different cup of coffee . Coffee was always the same , and the variety pack `` mixed it up '' to use a silly cliche . The different wrappers were fun too -LRB- I know , that is very childish but whatever ! -RRB- . I bought another variety pack .
 Loved it !!! If you are from New York and move to texas ... This is best gum that reminds you of the Big Apple .
 Well it 's just as tastey as I remember from my childhood . It 's true though ... you either love it or you hate it . No middle ground on this one . My observation is that women like it while men do n't . I just wish it came in sugarfree .
 Everyone says this reminds them of what their grandma 's house smells like so I guess it 's an acquired taste .
 A million thanks for carring this product , my long time childhood favorite . Easy to order arrives as promised and in perfect packging , fresh and at a truly decent price .
 The candy that never left the market ... it 's still in circulation and am glad is available online . Scent of this gum is strong . : -RRB-
 My sister introduced me to this gum when I was a kid . I remember her chewing it as a teenager . Amazon rocks ! Thanks for having this hard to find product . I am ordering my sister a case for Christmas .
 The C. Howard scented gum is not available anywhere that I 've tried . So when my husband suggested the internet I searched and found it in less than a minute the vendor was easy to order from and in less than a week I had a years supply of this treat !
 I like this gum a lot , please do n't change the recipe like many other gum companies have done over the years . I especially like the way it freshens my breath and that freshening just seems to stay with me for hours ! Not sure how they do that ...
 If you are trying to get a great tasting gum + a fresh scented breath , this is the gum for you.It is the most favorite gum for Puerto Ricans on the Island and now it is available anywhere through Amazon . If you are like me , demanding in quality and taste this is for you . I stacked up for a year , maybe you will also . Be the first one among your friends to have the most unique tasting gum and the very fresh and clean scented breath . ... . Enjoy !
 Hey Everybody : I just purchased some Of Chowards sented gum recently and I looked all over the Country side for this Gum and it is hard to find in your Local Liquor stores and Mini Marts . I received it within a couple of Days from Amazon.com what a good way to shop . would Highly recommend buying this way . anyway Love the Gum it takes me back to the Younger days when we were doing a Little Parting and did n't want `` Pops '' to know what was going on . I gave some of them to my Co-Workers and they were like taste like Liquorice . It has like a flowery tast to it almost like you ca n't discribe what is in it till you read the back of the Box.Thank God I found them on Amazon . Oh I actually orderd 2 Cases of them . Thanks GG ?
 memories of childhood and it still taste as good as it did back then , I buy them from time to time.always very satisfied . : -RRB-
 I bought this at a Wal-Mart as a close-out , now it HAS to be in my cabinet !! Try this ... I am not one to measure . . I add to taste so you can do the same . . these are approximate :2 -4 Ribeyes1/4 -1 / 2 cup Dukree Steak dust1/4 cup red cooking wine1/8 -1 / 4 cup white vineger1/8 cup minced garlic1/4 -1 / 2 cup Olive Oil -LRB- Which ever you prefer -RRB- 1 cup water1-2 tsp california Garlic powerMix all ingredients in a zip lock bag and mix well . if you have meat tenderizer or fork tenderize before adding to ziplock . let marinade at least 30-40 min . best overnight !! remove add favorite season -LRB- more steak dust -LRB- litely -RRB- and grill ... . My family and friends think I am a Awesome cook !! enjoy !!
 As good as this is on beef , try it on BB ' Q ribs !! When we fix them , nobody wants any sauce on their ribs , they 're afraid it will ruin the taste ... haha . Great on grilled chicken too . Bought it at Sam 's now they do n't carry it . . go figure ?? I have half a 29 oz bottle left and everyone 's trying to talk me out of it ... not gon na happen !!
 This stuff is amazing . It brings a whole new dimension to steaks . Normally I 'm a fan of a plain steak without any sauce or anything else to alter the flavor . But if you sprinkle a little bit of Steak Dust onto your meat before cooking , you 'll have a taste treat . It 's so good , even giving it a whiff in the spice cabinet makes my mouth water !
 I bought this YEARS ago at Walmart and fell in LOVE . I could never cfind it at any other walmart close to me . Got ta love amazonl ! This is the best on Prime Rib . I have never tasted anything so awesome ! This is a MUST HAVE seasoning . I give this 10 stars .
 This product is by far the best from seasoning any beef items . The extra taste this brings is second to none . To this day I will not cook a steak without this item .
 I have been using this spice on all my meat for years !!! It is amazing and I just ran out so I came online and foundit on Amazon ... my family is going crazy without it ... try it you will LOVE it !
 This is my families all time favorite spice for beef . We go through tons of it . Could n't pass up the great deal . Very satisfied with product & seller
 This is just great stuff . Everyone who joins us for a steak wants to know where they can get some steak dust , wish I was selling it . By far , it is the best spice package I have ever had .
 I have been buying this stuff from Sam 's Club for years and using it on pretty much everything . It gives a very rich meaty , garlicky flavor and aroma to pastas , roasted potatoes , mushrooms , and anything else that can be imagined to be meaty and garlicky . At every party or potluck , I am asked how I made this wonderful dish . Last time I went to Sam 's I could not find it ! Thank goodness for the Internet . It 's well worth the price . When you use it , be liberal , and do n't add any salt . If you put it on roast meats or potatoes , do it before cooking , mushrooms and pasta - after cooking and draining .
 This is the best thing to happen to beef ! We love this stuff ! I use it on steaks , roasts , meatloaf , hamburgers , you name it ! You need to try it ! You can find it Sams club and it would be cheaper .
 The best steak seasoning I 've ever had . You 'll think you 're at a fancy restaurant.Be liberal with it . I coated my steaks till they looked like `` blackened '' style food . I get asked for my recipe every time I cook steaks for company . People are surprised when I tell them Durkee Steak Dust . It really is good.I 'm gon na try it on hamburgers by sprinkling a little in the mix .
 Durkee Steak Dust is simply wonderful on any and all kinds of beef , plus other rich fare such as mushroom sauces , soups , and pork butt roasts . It adds depth and complexity of flavor without being excessively salty . I bought the large food service package so I can send replenishments to my relatives who have used theirs all up . It can be hard to find in stores , which is why I had to resort to the internet . It 's worth paying the freight for this special treat !
 I ordered this on a lark . When I tried it I was pleasantly surprised . It has an interesting taste that I find to be a nice change from my usual steak sauce . Instead of pouring it on the steak , I put some in a side bowl and just dip bite-by-bite . It 's too bad this only comes in a six-pack , because this is a LOT of steak sauce . Still , I 'd recommend it . It 's really pretty good , and you might use some bottles as an curious , yet useful , present . When my current supply runs out - and this will take a while - I 'm sure I 'll buy more .
 We try to avoid snacks . Well , they 're almost impossible to avoid , so we try to control the damage . We eat few snacks and try to make sure that the snacks we do consume have some nutritional value other than just empty calories . One such snack is popcorn . It 's a whole grain product containing vitamins , minerals and fiber . The only problem with popcorn is all the stuff people put on it . So , we try to get popcorn with a minimum of extra added ingredients . For convenience , we like the microwave bags.Our choice for popcorn is Orville Redenbacher 's Smart Pop ! which we buy in 32-bag boxes at our local warehouse store . We can pop a bag and the two of us can consume the entire bag and only ingest 100 calories each . Furthermoe , it will bring each of us 16 % of our daily fiber needs . Plus , it 's sugar free . As far as snacks go , this is a good one . But , we still try to limit our intake.As an added note , on occasion we pop up a couple bags and head to a nearby lake . Our boy 94 years old -RRB- loves to feed the ducks.Gary Peterson
 Fell in love with this Thai paste years ago . I put a big dollop next to my jasmine rice or thin it down a bit with lime juice and use as dip for crudit&eacute;s , shrimp or sticky rice -LRB- Thai variety -RRB- . It is not for the timid . But it you have a taste for the exotic I think you will enjoy it.One problem
 i love these ... super tasty as a snack or in oatmeal or in cookies instead of raisins ... deliciously well worth the price
 These cherries are great . They are fresh and so good . They arrived the next day . I have eaten this companies cherries for almost 10 years . They are consistently of the highest quality . They are completely organic and cost much less than those in the health food stores . I would recommend these to all .
 Having most to the Pacific Northwest many years ago from Michigan , dried tart cherries are a treat I really miss . These are just as I remember them -- soft , tangy , and bursting with flavor ! Worth the $ 9 per pound for the quality you get .
 Jerry 's game in quickly and in a smaller box than I expected but they were fine I 'm sweet enough to useExactly what I needed
 AT A VERY LOW PEICE , THESE HIGH QUALITY CHERRIES COME AT A VERY LOW PRICE PER POUND . I HIGHLY RECOMEND THEM !
 The cherries lived up to their &#34; tart &#34; label . I prefer a the Traverse Bay cherries that are not quite as tart . These cherries pair up well with white chocolate and other super sweet foods . I use them in my homemade granola and since they are not side by side with the other Traverse Bay cherries I normally purchase , I can not detect the difference so readily .
 I have gotten these cherries as a gift before and love them . So now I order them and give them to my friends . They are super .
 If you 've had the good fortune of visiting northern Michigan and sampling the native cherry products , then you know how delicious these red dollops of flavor can be . This company is your source for cherries .
 I went to the company web site and the Amazon site was cheaper and had it in stock.These are great . Of interest the sugar free do n't have appreciably less calories.So , if you 're looking to save calories , they are virtually identical and the price difference for the sugar free is huge.They came in a giant bag that I broke up into four one pound baggies.I add them to cereal every morning.Fresh , sweet and delicious .
 I love cherries , and I love dried cherries . I found them 35 years ago at my corner Korean deli in NYC . Found them recently at whole foods for a ridiculous price and now I get them on suscribe and save at Amazon . I love them , everyone I 've introduced them to loves them , my dog thinks they are treats . I have given subscriptions to friends with gout and they have found them to be very effective in eliminating attacks . Great straight , in cereal , on ice cream , in stuffing , just about everywhere . Tart and sweet , the best dried fruit ever . And if you are watching your weight , they will satisfy any sweet craving , and be beneficial .
 I went through a four pound bag of these without getting tired of them . The quality was very nice with no bad ones in the batch . The flavor is consistently zesty and the texture is just like raisens.I will take a break for about a month , then buy more because they are low fat and healthy .
 I bought a box of these dried cherries while in Traverse City this summer . I had intended to divide up into small bags to give away to friends but they were so good I ended up eating the whole box . I eat some every morning on my oatmeal . I am glad that Amazon offers them on an automatic ship program so I do n't have to worry about running out .
 I love these dried cherries , they are juicy with just enough tartness . I 've put them in cookies and breads , oatmeal , salads , you name it ! With subscribe and save , you can get free shipping as well as a lower price . I got mine in 3 business days . Just in time for holiday baking !
 most reliable , best dried cherries . Do n't hesitate . I mix them with walnut halves and bring to work for a healthy snack . Great to keep in car for that ride home when you 're starving and have to stop at the store to pick up groceries and do n't want to buy out the entire store - have your walnut and cherry snack before going in - saves my grocery budget from busting .
 I would n't describe these as the best dried cherries I have ever eaten but they were pretty good.Traverse uses oil with the cherries to prevent caking , a little to much in my opinion . These cherries unlike the blueberries I bought from them were not as effected taste wise as the blue berries were.I would buy these again , the portion compared to the price makes them a great deal and their taste was rather enjoyable.These are not the best cherries out there but they are worth buying and their price is a great deal . Just make sure you have a large enough container to store them in and I recommend storing them in the fridge .
 On a whim , I sent a 2 lb bag of these cherries to my Mom as a Summertime `` Thinking of You '' gift . She adored them ! Months later when I asked her what she 'd like for Christmas , she immediately said she 'd love another bag of cherries . This was a nice change from her usual reply of `` You do n't need to spend your money on me ... I do n't need anything , '' which I 've been hearing for years.I think they are so appealing to my mother because she has a sweet tooth that she rarely indulges . She is very health-conscious and wo n't eat junk food . I assumed she 'd enjoy these cherries in her salads or in her oatmeal , but she says she always just eats them plain , `` like candy . `` I 've recently had more cherries shipped directly to my Mom 's address . Gift-giving does n't get any more convenient than that!Long story short -- These make a great gift for those hard-to-buy-for people .
 These are the best dried cherries I 've found and the best price on top of that ! The cherries are moist , sweet , tart and good in everything from oatmeal to salads or just plain for snacking.I love Traverse Bay 's dried fruits . Their quality and consistency are much appreciated .
 First visited Traverse City MI 5 years ago and purchased a box . Each year after waited to take trip to MI . Now we do not have to wait a year for our favorite snack .
 The dreied cherries were a hit with the whole family . It 's a shame that they are not available to order at this time . Awaiting e-mail to come when they are once again in supply .
 This product is always fresh and flavorful . I have been ordering the Traverse Bay Cherries for about a year now and have never been disappointed !!!
 I love these cherries . The problem is they do n't last much longer than a week . I probably should order the 40 lb container .
 We 've tried many brands of dried cherries but these are the best . At first I did n't think I would like having sugar on them but , honestly , the sugar acts as a preservative and keeps them moist and they are not too sweet . Just a balanced blend of sweet & tart and soooo moist . My favorite snack is a handful of the cherries mixed with a handful of slivered almonds . They are excellent on salads and cereal , especially on oatmeal .
 We are very pleased with this purchase . The cherries are great ! We have since sent boxes to family members . All orders arrived on time , no problems . Everyone is happy with their cherries . I would highly recommend this company and product .
 These cherries come packaged just as they are described . They are tasty , fresh and great straight from the bag . I often take them as part of my packed lunch to work and always mix them in my home-made muesli . The subscription service is a great option for regular repeat ordering and is easy to adjust when needed .
 I bought a few boxes of these and loved them , but be careful they do make you have gas so i was a full of gas while i ate them , I probably ate too much as they are good tasting .
 This is the 4th or 5th time that I have ordered these dried cherries.I use them on cereal , in muffin and cookie recipes or just to eat.They really are addictive , but much healthier than cookies orchips .
 If you love tart cherries , these are the best ! Super delicious & not too tart ... perfect on yogurt , in trail mix , brownies , cereal ... you name it . A true family favorite ... ca n't get enough of them . Wish we had them all year long !
 I bought these dried cherries based on all the positive recommendations on Amazon , and have found that the reviews are well-deserved . These cherries are fantastic ! They are tart , not too sweet , and make a great snack .
 Just great , I am reordering right now ... Cherries are delicious . Eat more dried cherries ... . excellent remedy against inflammation of the joins and gout .
 Any time you order -LRB- even when reading previews -RRB- it is a gamble . Nearly all of the previews for this were good , but I read one which was not and called the validity of all the other previews into question . I was concerned , but ordered any way . I am glad I did . These cherries were sweet , moist , and had that amazing cherry flavor that you usually only find in long cooked cherries . They were well packaged and delicious . If I need cherries again , I will definitely buy these .
 I love these ! The cherries taste wonderful and I keep them in the fridge for whenever I need a snack !
 Excellent quality dried cheeries and fast delivery from Amazon . Will certainly continue to order these as need arises .
 I was so excited to find this product on Amazon ! It 's sometimes difficult in my area to find even the 5 oz . packages of dried cherries in the supermarket . These are delicious and I definitely will buy again .
 We gave these a try based on the overwhelmingly positive reviews . The sweet tartness is every bit as good as others have described . To appreciate what a great deal this 4 pound box is , compare the price with what you would normally pay for the much smaller packages typically found in grocery stores or health food co-ops . This is definitely one of those instances where buying in quantity is a much cheaper option . We plan to order more of these cherries and will try other dried fruit from Traverse Bay as well .
 They were pretty good but I ca n't rave about them . I have had better , but they were good . Nothing else really to say , I bought them because they got so many great reviews , but they were just okay -LRB- average -RRB- .
 These cherries are large , moist and FULL of flavor ! We have been baking with them for some time , customers love them AND they are reasonably priced !!
 What a great snack and wonderful flavor - both tangy & sweet in the same bite ! Looking forward to using them in my cooking . I highly recommend them .
 got my package on time and the product was exactly what I wanted . thanks .
 My first experience with dried tart cherries was when I went to visit a friend from Traverse City , Michigan about ten years ago . As a teenager , she had worked in the cherry plant removing pits from the fruit , not uncommon for natives of the Cherry Capital . She took me down to Meijers to buy this exact box of dried tart cherries to carry home on the plane as a special treat.Then a few years ago , I began buying cherries at Trader Joe 's and they became a pantry staple for me . Once I realized my friend could get them on sale at Meijers and ship them to me for a significant savings and slight quality advantage over the ones I had been buying , I asked her to do that several times . It never occurred to me to look for them on Amazon where the cost is about the same as having them shipped from Traverse City and I wo n't have to bother my friend.Normally I do not buy sweetened fruit of any kind but the slight amount of sugar is necessary due to the tartness of the cherries , much as lemonade or cranberry juice must be sweetened , and it is completely unnoticeable . A slight bit of oil is also required to keep them from turning into a solid mass of moist chewy goodness!A few of these are great in smoothies , but not too many , as the flavor is very intense . I also enjoy them in oatmeal and cold cereals , with milk chocolate , and out-of-hand as a snack . Once , after carelessly mistaking them for raisins and adding them to scones , I got a very pleasant surprise ! They are great in rice pudding , cr&egrave;me brl&eacute;e , ice cream , and chicken salad.A wonderful one-dish lunch or light summer supper is `` Barley , Bacon and Avocado Salad with Roasted Chicken '' , but with these dried tart cherries added . The recipe is easy to find on the internet.If you ever have the chance to go to Traverse City to see the cherry blossoms or the fall leaves up on the peninsula , please take advantage of the opportunity as you will surely enjoy it . Now if I could just get Honeybell tangelos from Amazon , I 'd be set !
 The product matches its description . Have reordered twice . Great to have on hand . Keep sealed in plastic and stays fresh tasting for 3-4 months . Price in the 4 lb box is about 15 % of the per pound price compared to what the local markets sells its 4 oz packages for . Just honest good taste .
 It is very tasty for me as for my family and for all my guests.Do not eat it during TV show!Because you will not believe after ... that you are capable to eat so much .
 Ok , these are excellent cherries and go well with numerous types of foods . I ordered them after reading an article about the benefits of tart cherries . However , I was more preoocupied with the thought of the benefits than the amount of cherries in the order . A 4-pound box of cherries is a whole lot of cherries . I highly recommend these but for me , a smaller package would be more practical .
 IVE BEEN GETTING TRAVERSE DRIED CHERRIES ON A REGULAR BASIS AND HAVE NEVER BEEN DISAPOINTED IN THE QUALITY OR THE TASTE
 I have ordered these before and they are fine . Well worth the investment.Last time I ordered from a farm in Utah to get the unsweetened product . Even better with a lot more cherries . The reason why sweetened cherries are almost half the price is because sugar is cheap and it plumps up the fruit so you get half as many . I also read that sugar is a slight preservative.Bottom line
 Consistently delicious , reasonable price . Terrific for snacking , salads etc. . I recommended for people who are looking for healthy alternative to traditional snacks .
 I bought these after reading the good reviews and using the Subscribe & Save option.Packaging
 You get a lot for your money with these cherries . I really like Traverse Bay 's dried fruits . Their quality and consistency are much appreciated . These are the best dried cherries I 've found and the best price on top of that ! The cherries are moist , sweet , tart and good in everything from oatmeal to salads or just plain for snacking.Theyb are not tough like dried raisins or something like that .
 Had order these a couple years ago . Wonderful . Ran out and needed more . Doubled my order this time around . They last forever in the refrigerator . Excellent item to top a summer dinner salad . Ca n't believe how fast I received my order ! They must have shipped it out the same day . I would recommend everyone try the Traverse Bay Dried Cherries !
 Simply the best dried cherries in the country . . and delivered to my door no less ! What more could a girl ask for ?! ;-RRB- Get some !
 I used to go camping up near Traverse City and every year bought these cherries . Have n't been able to go in a few years , so I was so happy to get them this way ! This is even cheaper than in their retail store up there and they are just as wonderful ! Love to eat them out of the bag or in my oatmeal !
 Very good dried cherries , at a much better price then that in the supermarkets . Great in salads , breakfast bars , and oatmeal . Make sure to have some good air tight containers to store them .
 I must say , I was skeptical about purchasing this through Amazon and not the local grocery market . But , the price is what swayed me . I saved about $ 4.00 / lb with purchasing through Amazon . The taste was perfect . Just like the cherries I buy in the store . I would recommend to anyone !
 What a great value for these cherries . They 're a perfect snack for lunches , just thrown 1 ounce into a tiny tupperware and you 're good to go . What 's more is that they were way cheaper than getting them from a dried fruit vendor , while still being the best dried cherries I 've had in a very long time .
 This is my fourth purchase from these folks , and I could n't be happier . Well packed , fast shipping , and high quality fruit . I use to buy at Sam 's - but once I found these guys I got hooked . If you have any questions just email me sale@mfosterjeweler.com Thanks for using AMAZON and looking at my review.Regards , Marc
 This is the second year I have ordered dried cherries from Traverse Bay fruit . I have had occasional flare-ups of gout and arthritis and have found that cherries and cherry juice quickly bring me back into balance . Now I incorporate cherries into my regular diet . These cherries are moist and very tasty . I highly recommend them .
 Enjoy these dried cherries very much.Good flavor and moist.We are getting them with auto ship which makes them even better !
 If you are able to shop at Tom 's in Traverse City , you may be able to get a better deal . Maybe , maybe not . If you ca n't shop at Tom 's right now , here is the local grocery store best deal . So glad to be able to buy these cherries online . Ruthie
 Wonderful , Wonderful , Wonderful . These cherries were fresh tasting moist and just what I expected . We use them for everything from Oatmeal to glaze for meat . Good job on handeling and packaging .
 I like craisins and other dried fruits that are chewy -LRB- like raisins , but raisins are kind of boring and common -RRB- . These cherries are fantastic . I 've received a couple orders so far and shipping and packaging are perfect . They come in a single 4 pound bag , so I split them into smaller bags or one big zip lock bag . I sometimes give them out as gifts -LRB- a sandwich baggy full -RRB- and people are really happy to receive them and have many different things they use them for , from baking -LRB- biscotti -RRB- to just eating them as a snack . I like them as snacks and as toppings on cereal.I probably would not purchase these at normal price -LRB- only because I am on a tight budget -RRB- . I am accustomed to getting them at a discount and a subscribe & save discount -LRB- total ~ $ 20 + free shipping -RRB- .
 Cherries are fresh and delicious . One reviewer thought they were too sweet so I was a little concerned they would taste too sugary , but to my taste they do not . Bulk price & the subscribe and save feature make the cost reasonable for such quality dried fruit.Fast ship , too .
 I ordered these dried cherries through the Subscribe and Save feature selecting to receive this 4 lb . box every four months . These cherries are amazing !!! No chemicals added , they are moist and just sweet enough . The price is great plus there is free shipping through Subscribe and Save . I have to ration myself . I have changed the order to come every month .
 THESE ARE THE BEST CHERRIES , I 'VE HAD , AND REASONABLY PRICED , I HAVE THEM ON A MONTHLY DELIVERY , ALONG WITH THE DRIED BLUEBERRIES ,
 These cherries come very fresh , sweet , a bit tart , and very tasty . I put a bag in the fridge for everyday snacking , packaged up a bunch of bags to keep for snacks in my locker at work , and put the last bag in the freezer for later . So far have only tried for snacking , but I 'm sure they 'd be good in baked goods as well , in fact will probably try that this Christmas .
 I love these , and the really special part is that I am originally from Traverse City and my father had a cherry orchard . I used to purchase them when I would visit , so I am thrilled that I can find the same product online . Cherries are great for snacks , salads , etc. .
 Very good quality.Will receive a box every six months . Use with cereal.A little better than Costco 's dried cherries!Would recommend .
 I am 86 and have arthritis in my right knee . Heard tart cherries are helpful for that , so am giving that a try . The cherries are very tasty .
 Very tasty cherries . We eat them daily , my husband heard they fight inflamation which helps make his arthritis pain feel better . He swears by them . So buying a big 4 lb box is a good deal for us .
 I live overseas and where I shop stopped carrying dried cherries . These arrived quickly and are quite tasty . Decent value , too .
 Very happy with this product ... The cherries are a welcome addition to my morning oatmeal as well as my homemade trail mix .
 We 've opened our third box of these cherries . They are delicious . My husband eats a few everyday wit his lunch.We 'll be ordering more .
 My local store no longer carried the dried cherries . I was able to find these and they came quickly . I wish they were packaged in one pound bags instead of one large four pound bag .
 Fresh and very good on hot steel cut oatmeal each morning ! This is about the sixth box I bought , all very good .
 I love having this box of dried cherries . I normally eat plain yogurt in the mornings for breakfast , and this is perfect in there . In addition to that , they are the perfect side snack as well . The bag they come in is perfect for sliding into the freezer and allowing me to take out what I need when I need it . EXCELLENT flavor !
 Cherries are big , juicy , and just tart enough for eating as is . Works just like raisins or cranberries in baked goods . Dust with a little flour before chopping up .
 Since we discovered Traverse Bay Michigan dried cherries several years ago , we have continually bought and enjoyed them . They are not available in the area of the country where we live and we were glad to discover them on Amazon . The tart cherries are dried and processed with a bit of oil to help prevent them from drying out . They are excellent in everything from cereal to salads and can be used in place of dried cranberries to give foods a sweet/tart tasted .
 These are the best dried cherries you will ever eat . Not only do they come from the best cherry region in the country they are by far the yummiest I have ever tried . They are a great value for the money , too ! Do n't hesitate to order some today .
 These dried tart cherries are excellent and a real buy but only when ordered through amazon.com -LRB- rather than Traverse Bay -RRB- in the 4-pound box . We get them to help with our arthritis , taking 10 morning and evening . You will know within a week whether or not they will help , but most of our friends have found they help . Of course a piece of cherry pie would have the same effect , but these are lower calorie and much more portable ! They can be substituted for Craisins in granola , muffins , cereal , and so on .
 tried several brands of dried tart -LRB- `` sour '' -RRB- cherries , but the preservation process always added sugar to the point of candy-sweetness . These are actually sour ; terrific for baking -LRB- which is why I ordered them -RRB- & ADDICTIVE tangy snacking . Yes , a large quantity , but they stay soft in airtight containers , in cool or cold storage . EXCELLENT VALUE .
 Brought one case -LRB- 4 pounds -RRB- and gave half to my officemate . Now I need to buy more !! Really tasty and great value !
 Traverse Bay cherries turn my zero fat Greek yogurt into a breakfast dessert ! Great price , too ! These come in one large bag so I divide them into zip locks and freeze . The tangy taste is more appealing to me than other dried fruits .
 This is the first time I have ordered from Traverse Bay . I must say these cherries are a delight . I look forward to using them on cereals , in baked goods and with trail mix .
 Could n't be more satisfied with the purchase . Exactly as described . Fast shipping . Cheaper and better quality than I could purchase locally . What more could I ask for ?
 you wo n't go wrong buying these . soft and juicy , great in salads , trail mix , cooking and less expensive than buying from the store . we package them in zip-loc vacuum bags and throw them in the freezer for later .
 I bought my first box of the dried cherries recently and they are excellent . This morning I used my raisin bread recipe and made cherry bread by substituting the raisins -LRB- omit the cinnamon -RRB- and the loaf tastes wonderful . I could make these and give them as gifts . The flavor sparkles and I am very pleased . I will continue to buy these cherries from Traverse Farms .
 A great value for these delicious dried cherries . Very good to eat out of hand , in salads , recipes or any way you wish ! I can only find very small packages in the stores and at much higher prices , so am happy to be able to get them in bulk at this price . I appreciate being able to find products that are otherwise unavailable to me at Amazon !
 These cherries are so good and the price was exceptional . I loved eating them and they did ` nt last too long because they were so good .
 I was shocked to find these on Amazon ! I stock up on this very brand every summer when we go to Michigan & paid $ 24 for them in a Northern Michigan grocery store just a few weeks ago . I think I 'll just subscribe & save big from now on ! These cherries are awesome , absolutely the real deal from the Cherry Capitol of the World , Traverse City Michigan . LOVE MICHIGAN !!
 These cherries are juicy and taste delicious . There is no chemical taste as some from the grociery store have.I will buy again .
 I am so happy with my order for these delicious cherries.They were slightly sweet yet a little tart some thing for every one in my family . Instead of eating surgery snacks these cherries are a great replacement and has far less calories then candy . I will be reordering my next box soon.We just love them !!!!
 I ordered these to make a sour cherry chutney and love these . In fact , I 'll be ordering them again when this supply runs out !
 These are delicious . They are tart and sweet . Before purchasing these I purchased some organic , no sugar added Dried Cherries . These are a bit sweeter but not obnoxiously sweeter , just a bit sweeter than the no sugar added . The Organic Cherries were almost twice as much as these . The organic were 20 dollars for 2 pounds . I purchased the Traverse for $ 28.62 one time delivery . I have joined the subscribe and save program for $ 24.33 . Ca n't beat it for the price .
 Easy ordering ; prompt shipping ; great product . Will order from them again and again . Love those Michigan cherries and this company 's product is excellent .
 These were the best dried cherries that I have ever eaten . You can expect me to order them again and soon .
 These cherries smell and taste good ! They are not hard and not plumped up with a lot of water . The outside skin is shiny . There is enough sweetness but not too much .
 These cherries arrived promptly , taste great , and were completely as advertised . We broke the package down into smaller quantities and froze them . Would buy again , and will when the need arises .
 I bought these using the subscription method so the price is better than any other supplier I have found . They taste very similar to the ones I was getting at Wegman 's so I am not sure why some would find them tart or foul tasting . When I get the package I separate it into several bags and freeze what I am not going to eat and leave one bag open so I can grab a few when I feel the need . I do like them to dry a bit more so as they lay in an opened bag they get a little firmer and to me they lose no taste . I set it up so that when I am just about done with the last bag of my order there is a box on my porch . They let you set up how often you receive a new order so you can tailor it to how little or much you eat . I find them to be just the ticket when you have the munchies but do not want to eat a meal . Pop a few in your mouth and usually I am fine until I decide to eat a real meal . This is my third box and each has been very similar in taste . Oh I weigh the bags I make and so far every box had more cherries by weight than listed on the box .
 Got to love Michigan dry cherries ... nice tart and sweet taste . No sugar added but still plenty sweet.Glad they ship in large quantities.Next time i will buy large case of small packs to gift out.Order arrived in great shape . Will consider sending as gifts as well.Thanks
 Perfect combo of sweet and sour . No sulphates used in drying . Great snack instead of fruit snacks ! I will purchase again !
 They were better than expected . Tart and lightly sweetened . I use them in baking and eating for snacks -LRB- making my own mixes -RRB- ...
 Dried cherries are always pricy . But they are worth it . My standard breakfast is oatmeal with dried cherries added . When the local market -LRB- Wegmans -RRB- bulk prices went through the roof , I started the Traverse Bay Dried Cherries on a regular schedule.Last year was a bad year for cherries -LRB- at least in upstate NY where I live -RRB- . Climate change affecting the seasonal cycles causing the cherry blossoms to bud early and then freeze , so I understand the recent price increase . Still got ta have my cherries . These are top quality dried cherries . Never found a pit , although I know it can happen .
 I was pleasantly surprised at the sweet and tart taste of these cherries . They are also very plump and much larger in size than a product at the supermarket . I will be purchasing these again . The only thing that I would choose differently would be for them to be in a ziploc type bag so that I can zip it closed each time I get my serving for the day .
 These cherries were sweet , plump and DELICIOUS . I used them in salads , for baking and just plain old snacking on right out of hand . The whole family really enjoyed these cherries . They froze wonderfully also .
 These sour cherries are great by themselves or in oats or yogurt . Actually , I think they 're just a little bit too sweet due to the addition of sugar , but I ca n't readily find dried cherries that are n't sweetened . It 's not necessary to add so much sugar -LRB- and oil -RRB- because they taste naturally sweet.Cherries have great nutritional value too . In particular , the red pigment in cherries is an anthocyanin that a lot of researchers think reduces inflammation . There are two main types of cherries - sweet and sour . I like the sour ones best and these are sour.If these sour cherries did n't have the sugar and oil , I 'd buy them all the time .
 I wanted to step up my fruit intake , and this is a great way to do it . These will last me a long time , so I 'm glad I purchased the box . They look a bit like raisins but are plumper and sweeter . I added some to cole slaw and was happily surprised at the result . I will buy these again in this quantity .
 If you look at the price of small bags of dried cherries in a grocery store of speciality market , you 'll realize what a great bargain this 4 pound box really is.The cherries have a great semi-tart flavor with good color . Excellent for baking oreating as a snack .
 This is the second time I have ordered this because I liked the first batch so much . This time , the taste of the cherries was not as good as the first time , though . They seem `` older '' and it may just be that they were sitting on the shelf for too long prior to purchase . They arrived quickly with no damage . I will certainly order again , and hope for a batch like the first one !
 Very happy with these ; keep them in the fridge to add to granola and yogurt.Helps to get enough fruit in diet without having to worry about rotting and throwing away fruit , or being forced to eat it because it will waste . Good practical diet option , and I like having more options .
 I am VERY happy ! I need to eat more fruit than I do -- and I LOVE cherries ! So -- I was reading a lot of the reviews and , I am happy to report , the bag I received is a good one ! I was hoping that they wouldnt be dried out and hard to chew -- as some raisins and other dried fruit can be ! I think that they are not overly sweet and not `` oily '' as I feared they would be ! I , too , had noticed that you really need to catch them when the price is low -- I had kept them in my cart for quite a while and , wanting to order about a month ago was dismayed to find the price went up to almost $ 40 or so ! So-no order then -- but price came down and with `` subscribe & save '' got them for a very reasonable and fair price ! Going now to pack them up safely in a ziploc bag so they dont go bad -- and enjoy them . I also cant wait to turn my friends on to this `` almost '' healthy snack ! I would have given them 5 stars if the packaging was in smaller portions -- the loss of a star was NOT for the quality or taste of the product !
 Pros
 Traverse Bay dried cherries are absolutely fabulous . Bought them for my Dad to help with his gout
 This must be the BEST dried Cherries out there in the market . It 's juicy and not too sweet.For 4 Pounds I thought I should get a big box but not quite . Because of weight of the dried cherries quite heavey , box size just a little bit bigger than a letter size paper .
 Delicious . Will buy again . Tangy/tart , not too sweet . I did n't like dried cherries until I tried these .
 Love these cherries . Sweet yet tart . Dried yet moist . About the consistency of rasins , with that great cherry taste . They go great in cerial for breakfast . Or just to munch on for a snack.I 'm going to try jaring some for the pantry . But I 'm not sure if they 'll last that long . I may munch on them first .
 I missed getting my dried cherries from home in Traverse City , Michigan . The 4 pound box is a great size ! I have not been able to find anything like it since moving to Washington . And the taste of the cherries is incomparable ! Had a co-worker taste them without knowing where they came from , and she wanted to know where I bought them because she really liked the tart taste .
 Great cherries ! I eat them plain or in cereal . They 're also good for baking . I keep small container of them in the pantry and freeze the rest until I need them .
 They are a wonderful breakfast treat with edamame and nuts . YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM
 Package arrived promptly . Fruit was moist and fresh . My husband and I both eat 20 cherries a day and have found our stiffness and pain improved . Will order monthly now .
 We usually buy a big box of dried cherries when we go to Michigan on vacation , but our source quit handling the large boxes . My sister-in-law suggested I check online , so I decided to check amazon . I was pleased to find the fruit available for far less than I paid on my trips home to the Wolverine state . Great cherries , great price , great transaction ! Thanks amazon !
 I wanted to try a batch of cherry wine but could n't stand the thought of pitting 100000 cherries . This seemed almost ideal . Had to guess the dry to fresh weight ratio since information is not readily available . 1lb dry equals 3lbs fresh seemed like reasonable estimate so a box of cherries should yield 4 gallons of wine . Good recipes are on the web so look it up . Batch is 6 weeks old and seems promising . Dry & slightly tart . Maybe ready to share with friends by Christmas time.Update
 These are delicious , tart , and chewy dried cherries . Try not to eat them all ! Try to eat 10 a day for any gout symptoms . A tasty old remedy .
 I ate a pound of them in the first two days . They were DELICIOUS . The rest were vacuum sealed for later . Great product . Great delivery . Great Num Num !
 I am glad that another reviewer pointed out that these ship from different farms . The first order I received was very nice , almost as good as the Kirklland brand -LRB- but not as large or plump , -RRB- still very good . the second batch were smaller , dryer , maybe it is because it is summer now and it is last year 's crop ? In any event I was much less impressed by the second box . If I had received those first I would not have subscribed . Now if that is due to seasons then it is to be expected but the second batch did indeed ship from a different company than the first.Even at the lowest price I have seen here -LRB- about $ 18 -RRB- these cost a bit more by the ounce than the ones we get at costco ... and that is in the most expensive place on earth -LRB- Hawaii -RRB- . If they had them all the time I would buy those exclusively , but they do n't . Maybe they only ship / sell when they are fresh?I do not want to knock these to much . They are good and a much better value than at the average supermarket . We just have a better option . If they were as good the very small price difference would n't matter as the convenience would more than make it up . But I find the Kirklands better and more consistent in quality . I also wish they would not add sugar or oil to these :-LRB- I really do not want added sugar or fat in dried fruit ! I suppose it beats chemicals , but I do n't buy chemically treated fruit . These are good , but not the best I have had , and I am about as far away from cherry country as one can get .
 How many ways can you say , &#34; yummy &#34; ? Probably not enough to adequately describe these cherries . Yummy , yummy ! I think I 'll go get a hand full now .
 I eat these every day , with breakfast in my cereal , as a snack and in protein bars . I make various high fiber , high protein bars . My favorite recipe I call black forest . It is chocolate with cherries , a perfect combination . I am actually ordering more today .
 I 've order these a couple of time . Good product , fresh and well packaged . Suppose to be good for joints , whatever , taste good added to 7 grain hot cereal .
 I love dried cherries in my morning oatmeal and have been buying Costco 's Kirkland brand for years . Last time I shopped at Costco , they did n't have the Kirkland brand Montmorency dried cherries . So , I bought the replacement - dried Bing cherries . They were absolutely awful . I 'm not sure what those dried up things were and not really sure they were ever attached to a cherry tree because they did n't taste like any cherry I 've ever eaten.So , I started shopping on Amazon and these cherries sounded good and for the most part had good reviews . I am so glad I bought the Traverse Bay dried cherries . They are GOOD ! I bagged up part of them for freezer storage since it will take me awhile to eat all of these cherries . My oatmeal is going to be a lot better tomorrow morning !
 These are so tasty . Great snack and natural melatonin to help you sleep ! My mother in law always ate cherries because of her gout so we developed a taste for the tart ones out of a can . These are so much better , a little sweetness but not much . Yummy !
 I enjoyed the dried cherries a whole lot . Probably will be ordering more . The cherries were very favorable and delicious .
 A very good box of tart yet sweet cherries . Good value and quality for the money Would try other fruits
 Sweet tart dried cherries at their best . We but them all the time , and use them in our oat meal , cookies and just snacking on them . They are wonderful
 I 've never had dried tart cherries before so I did n't know what to expect . Upon opening the box , they were sealed inside a plastic bag -LRB- not resealable -RRB- . I tasted one ... then more - YUMMY ! They are n't really tart , they are slightly sweet and moist with a tiny hint of oil-feel on my fingers -LRB- to keep them separate -RRB- but no oil left behind that I could see . They are liken to dried cranberries but better.I put some into smaller , sealed plastic containers -LRB- I really need to buy glass containers -RRB- and snack on them . I also have a container of raw almonds , and one of dates so these are my snacks , sometimes meals . . along with bananas . Happy Eating !
 I agree with R.D. ... . it is hard to stop eating them ! The price does seem to be going up and down . Amazon suspended my subscription when the price doubled ... then the subscription became available again at a reasonable cost , currently half the price of the one-up order . I will continue to order them when I can afford them and allow the subscription to be suspended when I can not .
 Dried Cherries are very tasty , set it to deliver every two month at first , just totry it out , right now I need to make it deliver every month . Yes , it is good .
 These dried cherries rock ! They are delicious and are not too sweet or too tart - perfect . They go great with cereal , in oatmeal , or snacking right out of the box . The 4 lb box lasted ~ 3 months . I highly recommend for the price and quality .
 What can be said about a food product?The color of the cherries are uniform and a nice color . The taste is not too sweet and not too tart . It is really the perfect balance . I 've used these by putting a handful in my morning oatmeal and also alone for a snack.If any one you make home ice cream this would be a great addition to vanilla ice cream . Or even added to a pie.The only thing I would change about this product is the internal packaging . It would be nice if the bags was resealable.Traverse Bay Fruit Co. . Dried Cherries , 4-Pound Box
 These are so good and have a freshness to them that ca n't be beat . Excellent taste , texture and quality . Love to mix into my morning oatmeal !
 I ordered them because of the fantastic price and we are very pleased with the taste and quality . I am using them because they are supposed to help with gout flare ups and arthritis . I love the taste and am glad that I am on automatic shipment !
 These cherries taste amazing . When the box arrived it was nearly impossible to keep people away from just eating them straight from the bag . If I had to make one complaint , I would say that they are a little sweet for my personal taste . That said , they still terrific . Far surpasses anything I have been buying locally .
 Outstanding value , healthy , very tasty , useful in so many ways . Bought one for a gift and one for ourselves .
 I really liked these cherries . They are sweet -- but not too sweet . Great by themselves and awesome when added to my breakfast oatmeal . A real hit !
 The cherries are great . I always think I have too many and give a bunch away to my friends , family , neighbors and co-workers . Everybody is very pleased to have them and I 'm kind of a hero . : - -RRB- Anyway , they are sweet , tart , chewy without being sticky . I use them in oatmeal , salad , cookies , bread and for snacking .
 You heard me correctly . These are the best dried cherries ever to touch my taste buds and make a party in my mouth . I have tried dried cherries in the store and they are too sweet and not sour enough . Traverse Bay dried cherries taste like a cherry should taste , tart and sweet . The perfect balance . They keep me coming back for more . I just eat them by the handful and have never had them last long enough to make it into a baked good or trail mix .
 Traverse Bay Dried Cherries , 4-Pound BoxAfter suffering with a stiff and painful shoulder and not wanting another cortisone shot I ordered Traverse Bay dried cherries not expecting to see much improvement . I was wrong ! Within 7-10 days I realized that I did n't have the constant , nagging pain and I had n't taken an aspirin or Aleve for nearly a week . The change and improvement was subtle but definite . And all that time I just thought I was enjoying some of the best dried cherries I 'd ever tasted . I put them in oatmeal , yogurt , quick breads , sauce for roast chicken , or just pop a few plain as a great , easy snack . The price is right , the delivery was timely , and , if Traverse Bay keeps their quality well controlled and dependable , they certainly have a winner with these cherries . About 15 or so a day seems to work just fine and they keep me away from the candy snacks - and that 's really worth it ! I highly recommend them .
 Excellent product , Consistent quality throughout.Prompt delivery.Box contains one large 4 lb bag.Good value
 These are great when you are watching your diet , but still like to have something sweet every now and then . This is a good price on them also.Not only are these great to eat right out of the box , they 're also good on cereal or with nuts.A nice snack .
 For 25 years , I lived 40 miles from Traverse City , where the vast majority of the worlds tart cherries are grown . A cherry pie made with any other kind of cherry is a poor substitute!I have been enjoying dried cherries for a very long time . When I was a lad , a family friend who worked for a fruit processor would bring dried cherries to church once a year , shortly after harvest . They were an amazing treat . Then the fruit processors got more organized and dried cherries became available year round . Now they are nearly always in stock at the local Sam 's Club . On rare occasion , they 'll show up at a Sam 's Club outside of Michigan.During the early years , they dried the cherries quite a bit more than they do now , about the same level of dryness as the dried cranberries , similar to a raisin . Then they figured out how to dry them less while still maintaining an adequate shelf life . What a difference ! These have a chewiness more like a golden raisin but less sweet , and with that characteristic tart cherry bite . Delicious!I moved to Seattle in 2000 . They only grow sweet cherries here . When we visit family in Michigan , we return with two boxes of these in our luggage . Every . single . time . We put them on salads , in oatmeal , GORP , and in snack baggies . We sometimes share them , and everyone likes them . Our two kids love them as much as we do . It 's hard to make two boxes of them last until our next trip to Michigan . Now we do n't have to .
 Four pounds of cherries seemed like alot to orderI have used them in baking , In my morning cream of wheat and `` snacking '' at the computer.It was easy to bag them in sealable sandwich bags.I have found that cherries are excelent to relieve Arthritic pains .
 These cherries are delicious and nutritious . They are big , soft and my kids -LRB- ages 6 and 2 -RRB- love them - either straight or in their favorite snack mix -LRB- cherries , peanuts and dark chocolate chips -RRB- . I 've also used these for baking and they always turn out wonderful . Ca n't say enough about these Michigan homegrown cherries .
 Tried these cherries after reading about how cherries help will relieve inflammation and pain in arthritis and gout patients . They say about 20 per day works for most people , but I found 10-12 with each meal worked for me . After just 1 week the pain was almost gone . I will continue to order these.Traverse Bay Dried Cherries , 4-Pound Box
 These cherries are great . Plumper than a raisin and nice for snacking . I shared some of them with my daughter 's family and they 're going to order their own supply and make them a regular part of their snacking routine . Perfect when you just want a quick taste of something sweet . I 've also tried the Traverse Bay cranberries which are very good too . Comparing the two , the cranberries were sweeter and more like a raisin consistency . Both are great for baking . I have a cookie recipe that I tried with the cranberries , white chocolate chips and pecans . Best cookies I 've ever made . Also tried both fruits in scones . Also very good . And as others have mentioned , good in hot cereal . I will definitely be a regular customer .
 These cherries are tart , sweet , plump and perfect . Great for baking -- my boyfriend just put them in some banana bread , yummmm - or for snacking right out of the box by the handful . I love the Traverse Bay Dried Cranberries too , but I think I like these even more . No need to worry about freezing or airtight storage ; we eat them too fast . A great product at a great price . I do n't think you 'll find anything like these anywhere else .
 These cherries are wonderful by themselves , in cookies , or with a nut mixture . I 've had other brands , but I like these the best . I think that they are reasonably priced , especially for the amount and quality that I received.Monica , Tucson , AZ
 Great dried cherries from the heart of cherry country -LRB- as I 'm led to believe -RRB- . Perfect for salads or a high-energy snack .
 These cherries are great right out of the bag . In recipes they lend a sweet tartness that is hard resist . I used them in salsa , rice dishes , salads , chutney , and sundae topping -LRB- mixed with Bourbon ! -RRB-
 These cherries are delicious . No sulfates or added sugar . Great to use in oatmeal . I use them as part of a trail mix .
 THE CHERRIES ARRIVED WELL PACKED . THE TASTE WAS VERY GOOD , SWEET AND STICKY.I USE THEM IN MY CEREAL ALL THE TIME . THERE WERE MORE THAN I THOUGHT THERE WOULD BE.I LOVE CHERRIES , AND HOPED THEY WOULD HELP MY ACHES AND PAINS . THEY DID NOT!THAT 'S THE ONLY NEGATIVE .
 Although tart , -LRB- good tart -RRB- the cherries are excellent as `` extra 's '' , and most importanly , as a side fruit snack .
 I found these cherries to be of very good quality . They are juicy , tart with the right amount of sweetness . However , there are just so MANY of them that I wish someone else in this house enjoyed dried cherries , too :--RRB- Keep in mind
 A friend of mine always brings me back a couple boxes of these cherries when they visit family in Michigan . These are the best dried cherries I 've ever had . Sweet and tart .
 These cherries are great mixed with dried blueberries , almonds , and walnuts and kept in the refrigerator for a quick snack . Be aware however , the sugar content is quite high . Very chewy and tasty .
 These cherries are SO Good ! sigh ... to me , these are a real treasure in my pantry ... they are delicious and fairly priced -LRB- although I see the price jumps around -RRB- and store easily in my cool , cool storage . It is really thrilling for me to have these to bake in scones with sliced almonds and mix with popcorn and nuts with chocolate coating for snacking and what a special component for my trail mix . Cherries do n't grow where I live and I have missed them more than any other fruit since moving here .
 I was very surprised at the taste of the first cherry . Very moist , chewy , and tart ! Wonderful to eat by themselves , or mix them with your oatmeal and walnuts . I noticed they just raised the price of these on Amazon . But still worth it . Very good for you as well ! Invest in your health and go for it .
 This is the second 4-pound box of these dried cherries that I have bought through Amazon . They are really excellent , a perfect blend of tart and sweet , either on cereal or as a snack . Since 4 pounds is a lot , what I do when I open the box is separate them into four portions using quart size plastic storage bags . That way , you can just work on one bag at a time , and they stay fresh . Four pounds lasts a very long time , so for the priceit is really a great value .
 I actually bought my first box of cherries in person when visiting Michigan , but am so pleased to find them online . These are BY FAR the best tasting dried cherries I 've ever had . It 's so much truer to what a good , farm picked cherry would taste like . In our area , the next best price is one of the bulk box stores -- but these just blow the competitors away -LRB- even the dried cherries found at the health/organic food stores -RRB- . I 'd even pay a little more for the significantly better quality -- but now I wo n't have to ! : -RRB-
 These cherries are fresh and delicious . Shipping was fast and well packaged . It 's important to store these cherries properly to preserve the flavor . I re-bagged the cherries in smaller zip lock bags , and stored them in my fridge .
 These cheeries have a great balance between sweet and tart . I did a little checking and the little bit of sugar added really does n't seem to be much worse than some `` no sugar added '' brands that use concentrated apple juice as a sweetener . Nice large plump cherries , even so large that I need to chop them up a bit for my oatmeal or to add to cherry chocolate chip cookies . A high quality product that I would definitely buy again .
 We buy the these cherries and add them to many dishes that we make for family and friends . I have been adding them to oatmeal and other hot/cold cereals . I asked my wife to make banana bread and add them also to and it was a hit . I think most people that tried the bread loved the favors the cherries added to it.If you like these try the chocolate covered ones also , in dark and milk chocolate , OMG !!! Open and enjoy .
 Love , love , love the cherries . They are so awesome and delicious . We ate some of them and they are wonderful . I have used some of them in chocolate chip cookies and they too are great .
 Second time ordering these from Amazon.com ~ very fast shipping and the product was as good or better than description ! Gave some away as gifts in little bags with bows - got responses that my friends wanted to know where they could buy them as well ! Delicious tart cherries !!! Great to eat plain or add to oatmeal or recipes !
 I love cherries every way I can get them . These cherries are delicious and have as much if not more flavor than fresh cherries . I love them so much I get them with subscribe and save . They deserve more than five stars .
 I have totally enjoyed the dried cherries from Traverse City , Michigan , and would I recommend its purchase by every person . The cherries are excellent for health reasons as well .
 The dried cherries are wonderful . I did crunch into a few that had part of the pit , but it did not deter me from continuing to eat them . I would recommend this product to others and when this box has been depleted will order more.Thank you and ENJOY !
 I give these as a treat for good work at my school . Kids work extra hard to get a little handful.Great product . Sweet and tart .
 I love these cherries . I heard dried cherries were supposed to be good for arthritis . When I saw these on the Amazon site , I decided to try them . I had been buying dried cherries in the grocery store and paying lots for them . Since having these cherries available for a very good price , I eat a handful of them every day , and my arthritis is at the least , bearable . I really believe they help . One thing for sure , they do n't hurt anything .
 I have always eaten cherries fresh but as always if you do n't eat them quick enough they will go bad like any other fresh fruit . I was told that they can be found dry so I started my search online and found them with amazon.com at first I was not sure if I wanted 4 pound but decided more is better , I 'm glad I did because they are everyone 's favorite in my house . Thanks Traverse Bay Fruit Co. .
 I bought these to add to my homemade granola . I divided up the box into smaller batches for future use . They taste yummy though a little more tart would be nice . Prices do fluctuate , so keeping an eye out for price changes is needed to optimize value .
 Excellent quality . Tart , not sweet . Only one pit in whole box . Subscribe price is unbeatable . Why pay high grocery store prices ?
 I personally love fruit in most everything . I brought these and to my surprise my daughter and DH loves them . They eat them when having a sweet craving and in their oatmeal and because they 're sweet you do n't need sugar . I think it 's better than their love for Snickers -LRB- which will never die ~ we keep a case in the freezer for emergencies -RRB- . I drop them in salads and cookies and when I am out of candy I just melt some chocolate bark add almonds and these cherries and life is good again ; - -RRB-
 The dried cherries are very delicious . They have a great balance of tartness and sweetness . They have just the right level of moisture . Great for snacking or adding to recipes . Also fairly healthy , a great alternative to fruit snacks .
 I was trying to find some healthy fruit snacks for my kids , but everything had artificial colorings and flavorings . I started to look at dried fruits and realized that they were so healthy and economical.We love Grand Traverse products . We buy them every year when we visit Traverse City . These cherries are delicious .
 I have a bakery and use dried cherries in a lot of my products . I have tried several brands of cherries and they all pale in comparison the Traverse Bay Fruit Co. . This is the only cherry I will use , ever !!
 These dried cherries make a great snack when you are craving something sweet . I often mix them with nuts for a mid morning snack in the office , or throw a few in light yogurt . For me , they have just the right amount of sweetness . I have visited the great resort town of Traverse City , Michigan `` cherry capital of the world '' and this same box is found in the local grocery stores for about $ 22 . They are often offered on Amazon for about the same price .
 These cherries are delicious ; got for a great price from Amazon . Not too sweet , not too tart . They disappear quickly ...
 I ca n't wait to buy them again . The whole family loves them . My husband adds them to his cherry yogurt as an additional treat .
 I was a little concerned about ordering such a large quantity , but the price was good and the reviews were good . I am happy that I did buy the cherries . So good for snacking and adding to yogurt and on cereal . I have not used them yet in baking but plan to make some muffins with adding the cherries to the batter . Taste , for me , is the right balance between tart and sweet . After opening , I put the cerries in zip lock bags and placed them in the refrigerator . The cherries are fresh .
 It is my first time ordering these cherries . They are actually over my expectation.It came with one big bag . As soon as i open the bag , nice and fresh aroma come out . Each of them size about half of fresh Bing cherry . they are very moist and have good balance of sweet and tart taste . They are by far the best dry cherries i ever have.I put most of them into foodsaver bag immediately to preserve the moist.updated 04/11/2011Received second box of dried cherries . This time i am not so satisfied , the dried cherries are too dry , like regular raisin . So now I understand why some reviews mentioned the cherries are not so moisture.The first box i received last week
 There are dried cherries in almost every local grocery store but none can compare to Traverse Bay Fruit Company dried cherries . They are plump , sweet , tart , tender , and overall delicious . I use them in salads , baked goods , trail mix , and just for snacking . Try replacing raisins or dried cranberries in recipes with these cherries for very satisfying results . They are especially fantastic in a carrot cake or a mixed greens salad with toasted almonds , sliced fresh pears and bleu cheese crumbles topped with a raspberry-balsamic vinagrette !
 I got hooked on dried cherries from the local Whole Foods market . They were amazingly delicious but a little too expensive for my blood . On top of it all they stopped carrying them when the cherries were out of season . :-LRB- I did some searching and found these from the Traverse Bay Fruit Co here on Amazon . I decided to take a chance and give them a shot . One word ... AMAZING !!! Perfect in a number of ways a little sweet , a little tart a lot of yumminess . I will definitely be ordering more . Traverse Bay has saved my life and my wallet !
 These are wonderful ! They make a great snack . Like raisins , with a punch ! But the real amazement happens when you cook with them . They turn in to something like pie cherries ! I do n't know if I 'll have the nerve to try making a whole cherry dessert with these , but I think it could be done . In fact , I may have just inspired myself to try it . These are great , no matter what you do with them !
 I use these dried tart cherries with a generous handful , along with fresh pineapple including the core , raspberry and spinach or apples in my Vitamix - the tart cherries and the pineapple/core really seem to help the inflamation I experience from my arthritis . I truly feel the difference using these tart cherries , plus they taste delicious.We use the tart cherries along with my dehydrated apples in our rice cooker along with steel oats - absolutely delicious and so good for you.Concerned that the price has gone up from $ 18 . and change to nearly $ 25 ... hope they do n't get so expensive I ca n't afford them ... seems like all the Subscribe and Save prices have gone up $ 2 - $ 9 - ouch ! On a fixed income this hurts ... be well
 My wife eats 12 dried cherries everyday as they were recommended to help her health . Dried cherries have many compounds that have been shown to help many health conditions . You can check Wikopedia for other information.Well ... now to the cherries . The cherries taste great . They were all loose and not stuck together making them easy to repackage into smaller bags . I have tried dried cherries from the grocery store and other sources but they are not as good . I think one factor may be that you are getting fresh product from Traverse Bay Fruit Co which is located in the cherry growing region of Michigan . I plan to order more when these run out .
 I was a tad disappointed at first because these cherries are tart , but now I think they are better than the sweet cherries.I really like them , and guests do , too . I ca n't keep the little bowl full when anyone comes to visit . I keep some in my truck to munch on during my drive home from work - they keep me from stopping at a fast food joint . I ca n't wait to try them in a salad or on my oatmeal.I 'm saving my money to buy the dried blueberries next .
 Being a native Michiganer I have a love for all things Michigan . I was a bit concerned in purchasing these dried Cherries thinking they would n't be as fresh as what I can get in state . Boy was I wrong . They were delivered as fresh as if I were to drive up to Traverse City myself . Overall these things are great !!! 4 pounds of cherries is a TON ! So what we 've done is split the package into four freezer bags . Freezing 3 of the 4 . The bags defrost really well they just have to be kept in the fridge . I would have really liked to see the cherries be split into smaller packages within the big box ... . but ah well . Overall I 'm really happy !
 These dried cherries are grown in the USA and are delicious to eat plain or to use as a topping on cereal or as part of a trail mix.Another plus -- they do n't have any preservatives or sulfites added.There are two reasons that I gave these cherries four stars instead of five .1 . They have a lot of sugar added , and they are a little on the sweet side for my taste . I prefer to limit my sugar intake and add sugar to food sparingly , but that 's not an option with these cherries .2 . These cherries , all four pounds of them , are packaged in a single plastic bag which is not resealable . I would have preferred them to ship in several separate bags , or at least a big resealable bag in order to make storing them more convenient.I ended up repackaging the cherries into several heavy-duty Ziploc bags to store them .
 Very moist and tasty cherries . May be just a little bit too sweet for my taste , but much better then other dry cherries I 've tried so far .
 I love the terrific tangy/tartness of these dried cherries , and that they are rich and chewy . I eat them straight out of the box . I also tried Subscribe & Save for the first time with this shipment -LRB- and will in fact run out way before my next scheduled shipment - have to make a note to move that up -RRB- .
 Vegan . Natural . Kosher . Wonderful dried cherries . Perfect for baking . -LRB- My favorite is to add them to vegan chocolate cupcakes , just add to the recipe & mix before baking . -RRB- Also great for snacking and blending in smoothies . Great cherry flavor goodness , not overly tart . Comes packed in one large inner bag , which fits in a gallon -LRB- 3.8 l -RRB- ziplock storage bag . Or you can repack in smaller quantities after opening . The Traverse Bay area in Michigan and Door County , Wisconsin are famous for their cherry orchards . Definitely recommend a visit during harvest time , if you ever have the chance . Just received my second 4lb -LSB- 1.8 kg -RSB- box . Freshness dated to May 2012 . Can be stored in the refrigerator or freezer to keep fresh even longer -LSB- but if you really like cherries , especially at a grower bulk pack price , this is not an issue . -RSB- Made with cherries , sugar , and a small amount of sunflower oil to prevent clumping . No added preservatives or sulphites . All natural . This review is out there for those for whom it makes a difference . See all of my reviews and the vegancompassion Profile for more great choices . Check out `` Vegan Grocery Favorites '' and `` Vegan Grocery Top Ten '' & all the other helpful `` Vegan Grocery '' Listmania . Your input counts and will be greatly appreciated to benefit the search of others . Thank you . *** SUBSCRIBE & SAVE ***
 This was my first time ordering these cherries.My husband has gout , so I thought this might be a good snack to help him ward off attacks . -LRB- Cherries are known gout helpers . -RRB- I was n't thrilled with the price , but when it got down to a more reasonable cost -LRB- under $ 25 -RRB- , Iordered one to try . I was not sure I really wanted to , with all the mixed reviews of some ordersbeing moist and great and some being nasty and dry.The box we got arrived quickly and in good shape.I 'll post photos later , but wanted to get the review going.I must say that I had a much bigger box in the picture in my head.Yes , you get this box , but it is SMALL ! I know they list the weight , but it was a littlehard for me to visualize four lbs of dried cherries . I 'm probably not the only one.Upon opening the box , all the cherries are in one sealed blue bag . I guess the bluecolor helps with keeping the condition of the fruit from deteriorating.I cut it open very carefully , and decided to bag them up in snack-size zipper bags . -LRB- I was originally going to use our vacuum sealer to make smaller bags , but the quantitywas less than I had visualized . Zip top snack size worked great . I used a spoon to fill themto not touch any of the other cherries.Then came the big mistake - I ate a pinch of them.I say mistake , because my husband is going to have to be quick to get some!These were a little more tart than I thought they 'd be , but they are delicious.The bag we got had reasonable-sized cherries , around a fat raisin size . They werevery moist . As I let some sit in my mouth , they seemed to plump even more . Uponchewing , they released a wonderful flavor that made my mouth water a little bit.I can see using these in muffins and cookies , in your cereal , snack mixes and just eating.So far , I 've had more of the cherries than my husband . -LRB- Hey , you snooze , you lose ! -RRB- They are wonderful.Not sure a second order would be the same quality though . I am a bit concerned with all the mixedreviews about getting a consistent quality for the second order . They are too expensive to havesomething dry and tasteless arrive at the door.All in all , happy with this purchase .
 I love dried cherries and I could take up a LOT of your time raving about them . Or I could just say they were the perfect combination of sweet and tart . I love them by the handful and am thinking of dipping some in chocolate too . YUM !!!
 There 's not much else to say about them . Based on the other reviews I just had to try them , especially at this great price , and I 'm extremely happy I did . Traverse Bay Fruit co. has a new loyal customer .
 These were ok , they had a really good Texture . But I did n't really like the tart flavor as much . I loved the cranberries though . Either way , these are the best dried fruit I have ever tasted .
 The Cherries came on time and are fresh . We are enjoying them very much . I would order from this company again .
 I bought these cherries because they were1 -RRB- 2.5 times cheaper than local store 's cherries sold in small quantities2 -RRB- Perfect Amazon.com reviewsEveryone who has tried these cherries loved them . They 're perfect.PRICE CAUTION ------------- I have seen the price double for these cherries and then drop down again . My target price is in the lower $ 20s , and with the subscribe and save option you can get them below $ 20 .
 These are very , very good . I love these for a snack and they take care of a sweet craving too . Not too awful sugary sweet , just sweet and tart enough ! I tried a handful in my oatmeal with some vanilla creamer this mornining for a treat and it was so good with those sweet , tart cherries . They are great to snack on and add to muffins and in baking . A great buy in bulk , compared to what I find in our local supermarkets which are very pricey ! These are nice sized and fresh too ! They would be great in trail mix . My husband likes them as a snack in his lunch too ! Thumbs up !!!
 Who would know that dried cherries can vary so much in quality ? These cherries are exquisite . They are sweet yet tart , soft yet firm , and have fantastic cherry taste . I bought the 4lb box . You can pour them into a large jar and keep them in your kitchen . Note that these are much better than another brand of dried cherries sold here . All the positive reviews are perfectly deserved .
 Being a person with almost no patience , I had to open the Amazon package that arrived today within seconds of it 's delivery . Inside was the box of cherries , that box was opened too as was the package of dried cherries inside . Plucked a cherry from the package just to have a quick taste before running off to work for the day . The taste stopped me dead in my tracks !! Really , it did . I just had to grab a sandwich bag and fill it with cherries to take with me.These cherries are absolutely delicious , fresh , soft and chewy , sweet but not too sweet , a little firm and not at all hard and they are full flavored.No kidding , I ate a herd of them today.Can ' t wait to have a day off to try cooking with them ... imagine the possibilities
 I tried a two lb pack and then ordered this for a reorder , Tart cherries great for oatmeal , and sauses as well as snacks
 My first order of cherries was perfection . So moist and flavorful . Just delightful . I hurried and ordered a second shipment . I was so disappointed ! The cherries are coated with a thin film of oil to keep them moist . Well , this time the oil was rancid . Yuck ! So bad tasting . I really was surprised , since the first order had been perfect.I contacted Amazon and they are sending a replacement right out , no charge . So , we will see how this next box will be.I so hope it will be ok , since I really do love the cherries and plan to keep them on subscription to come at regular intervals.Did anyone else have this happen to them?I 'm so sad about the box of wasted cherries . ******************************************** UPDATE
 These are the best dried cherries I think you can get . I just bought for the first time and I have trouble stopping eating them . I could probably eat the whole box . They are sweet/tarty and fresh . Super delicious .
 If you can find a better tasting cherry anywhere I 'd be surprised . These are healthy , delicious and the very best dried cherries you 'll ever buy !
 A lot for the money
 I have purchased these cherries several times through Amazon and I have never been disappointed . They are almost half the price that I would have to pay at the grocery store .
 I 'm so glad I ordered these delicious dried cherries . They 're perfect for sprinkling into my morning oatmeal or I often grab a handful for a snack . I also feed these to my toddler , who loves them ! They 're a nice change from raisins . They also mix well with toasted almonds for a trail mix .
 Looking for something to snack on that is a bit tart and a bit sweet . These are fantastic , satisfying and really tasty . The price on Amazon is just outstanding , Order and keep in the freezer - we pop them in the mouth frozen , really good that way . Will definitely be ordering more .
 Great Bargain ! Put some in a bowl for snacks , then place the rest in zip lock bags and into the refrigerator . The stock of cherries has lasted months , and they are just a nice as the day they arrived .
 We were paying a fortune for small bags of dried cherries at the supermarket to put in our scones and are very happy to have found this source for the product . Came quickly , is very high quality and a good price .
 I ordered two packages of cherries , one for myself and one for a family member at another address . The box of cherries delivered to my family member was stolen -LRB- through USPS -RRB- and I contacted Amazon.com as well as the US Post Office in their region and the package could not be found even with a tracking number . Amazon.com replaced the package with no questions asked and only charged me for the initial package that was stolen . I would use Amazon.com again and have since purchased other items .
 The title of my review says it all . We go through the 4-lb . box every couple of months and have ordered quite a few boxes over the last year , and will continue to do so .
 These dried cherries are moist and sweet . I just divided the 4 pounds into smaller bags for convenience . They were a great buy for the price .
 I have found that the cherries from Traverse Bay area of Michigan are the best anywhere . Living in Albuquerque , we can not get such wonderful cherries locally , so I order them on-line from Amazon/Traverse Bay Dried Cherries . They are wonderful in salads , oatmeal , and they are the best in cookies , especially oatmeal cookies with walnuts , raisins and dried cherries . When we go to potlucks , everyone always asks for our oatmeal cookies with the cherries . The four-pound box lasts better part of a year , and they stay very fresh in the bag in which they are delivered . I have bought them in Michigan when I have visited there , and the price on Amazon is a good deal .
 I did n't hesitate to buy the 4 lb bulk of these dried cherries . I had purchased smaller quantities in the past and knew these would be great!Good for snacking or baking , you 'll enjoy them !
 several months ago i started eating oatmeal for breakfast to help control my diabetes . -LRB- it actually works . who knew ? -RRB- i 'm not a big fan of oatmeal , so i tried tossing some store bought dried cherries in it one day . it was better , but too sweet . > _ < the cherries tasted like gummy candy and did not fit the `` tart '' description on the package.however , i did n't want to give up ! i went on amazon and asked for these cherries for christmas . and oh my word ... not only are they an incredible value , they are INCREDIBLE cherries ! they 're tart , juicy , and fabulous just to snack on . i 'm asking for more cherries for my birthday because they 're so good ! in fact , my mom wants to try them because i 've raved about them so much . * ^_^ * i will order them again and again . great stuff !
 Cherries are wonderful . My problem is accessing my subscription so I can change it . How in the world can I find it ? I saw the cherries for a lower price one day and wanted to order but was afraid I would get two subscriptions . I would really like to increase the frequency of my deliveries but can not because this subscription is not available to me to change or alter in any way . This is possibly an amazon problem but even so , how do I fix it ?
 Please note that these may not be Michigan cherries - they are stamped ` product of the USA ' . That said , I 'm from Northern Michigan , and these taste like other dried tart Michigan cherries , including ones which are far pricier . They were well packed , arrived quickly and were delicious . Buying in this quantity makes a lot of sense , if you use any amount of these powerful and tasty antioxidants.Use them in chocolate chip cookies , use them in cereal , hot oatmeal , as a snack , in pancakes . Wonderful !
 I 'd never purchased dried cherries before . If you wait until the priced drop and sign up for -LRB- and then cancel if you want -RRB- subscribe and save , this is well worth the price . It comes in one large bag and the cherries are already pitted . I 'd buy these again .
 Good , Good , Good ! I should order these more than just for the holidays . Perfect for trail mix and Christmas Cakes !
 These are the only dried cherries that I will purchase . I have tried others and the Traverse Bay are more moist and have a much better flavor . They are great for cooking or for a snack !! The four pound box is a great deal too !
 Great taste in these cherries . Nice tart flavor-they taste like sweet tarts . I will definitely buy more again in this quantity
 We purchase these often and give them out as Christmas gifts to our friends and family . Not to mention I grew up in TC . J from Texas .
 Very satisfying purchase . Looked good and tasted better . The price was right . I will probably buy more . These cherries were good tasting out of the box and excellent for cooking .
 If you love dried cherries these are the best . A little to wet yet for baking I 'll say but for snaking - perfection !
 I have a membership to Sam 's Club and purchased dried cherries from there last month and thought those were pretty good ... until I tried these !!! Even with the high price -LRB- $ 34.99 -RRB- at the moment , these are still cheaper than Sam 's Club or Costco ! Who knew dried cherries are so expensive ?! I just sprinkled a few of these on my Nonfat Greek Yogurt and it tasted like heaven ... I will buy these from now on , customer for life !
 Love ! Love ! Love ! the cherries . And the fact they are from my home town , Traverse City makes them more more delicious . Arrived in the aloted amount of time . They are making great Christmas gifts . Would order again .
 Excellent taste and quick delivery . Also like the quantity . .4 lbs lasts us about 6 weeks . We eat it on cereal , snacks , nd mix it into greek yogurt . The flavors absorb into the yogurt making it very tasty . We used to buy dried cherries at Costco but they discontinued carrying them The price for these Cherries is a little more expensive , but pretty close to what we used to pay .
 There sure were a lot of good quality dried cherries , and that is a positive.One opportunity for these guys , would be the consistency in terms of size of the dried fruit . I know it is hard to control using real fruit , but some were nice and big , chewy inside , and others were small and tough . Flavor is great , so go for it
 These are just a wonderful tasty snack ! Ca n't say much more than that . They may be an expensive snack , but I am hooked . I will continue to keep these in the house !
 These cherries have a delicious flavor , and make a wonderful snack or addition to trail mix or breakfast cereal.The quality of the fruit is uniformly high , and the sunflower oil to keep them from sticking together works great.My wife makes a wonderful cherry bread , and these made the best she 's ever made . We do n't live convenient to a good source of dried fruit , so buying in bulk is great for us.If you love cherries , the flavor is excellent , and is not hindered by over-sweetening or by additives . A great way to add fruit in your diet . These do come in one large bag , so we divided them into convenient quantities in freezer bags and froze part of them .
 We 've enjoyed these cherries for many years . The 're good in salads , with other fruits , in pastries or just a plain snack .
 I have summered in the Traverse City area most of my life . Normally , I buy 2 or 3 boxes of these dried cherries each summer and take them home with me to Atlanta . -LRB- Traverse City bills itself as the cherry capitol of the world - whether it is remains to be seen - but they sure have a big cherry crop . -RRB- This summer , I was unable to go to Michigan , and ran out of cherries in July . Imagine my amazement -LRB- and happiness -RRB- when I found not only dried cherries at Amazon.com , but my actual brand - Traverse Bay cherries - and at a competitive price . While this may look expensive to the uninitiated , 1/4 pound of dried cherries sells for about $ 8 at the gourmet or grocery stores . Doing the math , that would put 4 pounds at $ 128 . Now ... about the cherries , they are heavenly . Put them in salads , in cookies instead of raisins -LRB- so much better -RRB- , in your oatmeal , or just eat them with your fingers . Tip
 I love these cherries for snacking , on oatmeal or salads plus they are good for you . The taste is fresh and slightly tart -- better than candy.Anyone notice the huge increase in this product ? I ordered the same product but distributed by another company for $ 28.31 through Amazon . The cherries were just as good . Sorry , but no can do at $ 43.97 for 4 lbs . Is that gouging or what !
 This is a great product . I love to add them to my granola and also put them on my fruit salad . Will definitely order them again .
 I had recieved these cherries from a houseguest as a gift . When they were gone , I ordered some for myself , as well as family members . They are delicious . I would in the future order smaller , seperate pkgs . vs. the one big bag that is in the box .
 We ordered these for use in Christmas baskets . The price was excellent and they are very high quality dried cherries . We have received cherries from this company before , and we were happy to find them available on Amazon for such an amazing price .
 Used to buy them from Sam 's Club , but they were long gone . Found them on Amazon and very happy with my purchase . Absolutely best cherries you can find !
 These are sweet/tart and free from preservatives , They taste like cherry pie without the crust and are a treat for those of us who must remain gluten and chemical free .
 Our favorite thing in Michigan is the cherries . We purchased some dried cherries this summer , as gifts and they were delicious . These Traverse Bay Dried Cherries taste just as great as the ones purchased this summer but we 're keeping them all to ourselves ! They are great on hot cereal and in cookies or just for a snack .
 I typically order a few boxes a year of Traverse Bay dried cherries and I have never been disappointed . I enjoy them in granola , yogurt , trail mix , or just on their own . I highly recommend this product .
 We 've tried otehr brands from all over , and these are by far the best value , best tasting & best quality we 've found anywhere !
 I love these cherries so much that I ate almost the whole box . Unlike another brand I tried , Traverse Bay seems to have fewer pits -LRB- I ca n't guarantee that it has none , but I have n't encountered a single pit -RRB- .
 I bought a box of these in Michigan last year . When I was close to running out , I started an internet search & found them on Amazon . Cherry Chicken Salad is my absolute favorite lunch . Just top any salad greens with cold , diced grilled chicken breast . Then sprinkle chopped dried cherries and either chopped walnuts or almonds over the greens . Top with Ken 's Honey Mustard dressing . Yumm !!! Michigan fruited oatmeal is another favorite . Mix chopped cherries , 1/2 cup applesauce a little brown sugar , chopped nuts of choice with 1C . old-fashioned oats and 2 C. of milk . Bake , uncovered , for 45 min . at 350 degrees . Serve hot or chill . I prefer it cold . Sweet cherries dry too sweet for my taste , but these tart cherries are perfect when dried . They make a great , healthful snack any time . Any fruit from Michigan is excellent in taste and texture .
 These cherries are great ! I 'm a lover of anything cherry and the dried version is no exception ! Moist and not too sweet these little antioxident wonders came delivered to my doorstep right on time and in perfect condition . They taste like cherry pie without the crust . Yes , they have sugar but not too much for my taste and are a wonderful snack when something sweet is required . They came in a single bag that I emptied into a jar for easy access and I must have chosen well as they 're all gone already ! A great deal and a great product ; I highly recommend them !
 I bought these cherries as a way to combat my cravings for sugar , in a healthy way . Within several days I was hooked . The best part about the cherries is the texture - just enough firmness without seeming dry . My family loves the product too - my husband mixes it with his morning granola , some chocolate chips and seeds . The result - a snack so delicious our neighbor 's kids asked if they could take it home after they tried some.Another point is the price . According to my research , at the moment when this review was written , they cost about 2 times less than comparable brands that carry dried cherries . Most regular grocery stores do n't carry dried cherries most of the year , so you have to go to a health food store , where a small packet will run you 12 dollars , that is almost 2 pounds worth of these cherries ! It 's also great that Amazon runs a Subscribe and Save special , because it makes it easier and less expensive to enjoy this wonderful product .
 Hubby & I eat these delicious cherries as a treat and a treatment for arthritis on a daily basis . Eat a handful or add to salads , muffins , pancakes , breads , etc. . Good and good for you !
 I buy these packages and get free shipping . The fruit is so large and plump and moist . You have to love these cherries to put in everything from salads to chocolate chip cookies !
 These cherries are the best you can get anywhere . I spend time in Traverse City where they are grown and dried and always bring a box home with me . They are great on salads , in cookies , and just out of the bag ! Glad they are available to ship ... one box never lasts long in our house .
 If you like dried cherries these are the best cherries to get . You can freeze them and use them later in cookies , on cereal and just eat them for a snack.They are the best .
 These are , the MOST delicious , dried sour cherries we 've ever bought ! They are sweetened just enough , do n't stick together in a lump , are just slightly juicy , have no preservatives AND taste great refrigerated ! For those who are wondering , 4 # just fits in a 1-gallon zip lock bag . On the box , it says a serving size is 1/3 cup and there are 42 servings . They were just over $ 27 on sale . I will buy these again !
 My entire family loved these cherries . Some would say $ 28 is too much to pay for just cherries but they are worth it . There is no chemical taste like you sometimes detect with apricots . Of course , these cherries do n't have any preservatives . They are tart and that 's a good thing in my book . My only concern is the high sugar content but if you moderate , it 's okay . It 's just hard to moderate when they are soooo good .
 The product was ontime and the quality was extremely high . I have ordered this brand more than once .
 4-pounds just are n't enough . These are great ! Very sweet and I only found 2 pits in the whole box .
 We were browsing Amazon 's Gold Box deals when we came across this four-pound box of treasure . Our family does a lot of holiday baking , sharing gift baskets filled with cookies , candies , and dessert bars and breads.These simply are outstanding cherries . They are tart and firm with a richness that we do n't find in bulk foods stores . Both of our sons tried the cherries and gave us their `` GG '' thumbs-up review -LRB- that 's `` Good-Good '' according to the under six-year old audience -RRB- . We 're thrilled with both the quality and the price of the Traverse Bay dried cherries . Since we 're members of Amazon Prime -LRB- highly recommended ! -RRB- shipping was simple.Of course , we 're used to buying dried fruits in smaller quantities . We opened the boxy and divided all four pounds into individual sealed bags that can be stored in the refrigerator , the freezer or in a cool , dry cabinet . That was a piece of cake.In summary , if you are planning some holiday baking or other recipes that call for dried cherries , this is an excellent buy with a quality that will have you coming back for more .
 Traverse Bay Dried Cherries , 4-Pound BoxThese are the best dried cherries ! They are big , juicy , and just tart enough for eating as is .
 These are really good . Plump , Tart , Sweet & Large . Really good for eating as a snack & excellent in baked goods , cereal , etc. . I like a cherry w/a bit of tartness & these are the ones ! Not overly sweet which is hard to find in a dried cherry . They are pliable/chewy - not dried to crusty bits .
 Nothing to say except they were delicious and I would recommend anyone to order them . They are fantastic and sooooo good for you !
 These cherries are awesome . I use them as an herbal supplement to ease inflammation in various arthritic joints I have and they are simply wonderful , delicious and work the best for me .
 Nicely packaged , arrived right away . I repackage them into smaller baggies and freeze them . Much cheaper than buying small packages of dried cherries !
 The product was exactly what we wanted and the delivery was timely . We would definately purchase from this vender again . The quality/flavor of the cherries is awesome . They are great for baking !
 Wonderful flavor ... great value ... will keep buying these Traverse Bay cherries ! They are great in cookies , salads or just by the handful !
 The cherries are very good . I have trouble eating only a few at a time.I just wish the price had n't gone up so much . This may be the last time Iorder these .
 Dried cherries are just like raisins/craisins , so if you like them , then you 'll like these.One suggestion would be to separate the 4 lbs into 4 1-lb bags . That would be very helpful , especially when trying to stretch out the supply over a long period of time.Otherwise , great !
 This product is as advertised . Very tasty and dried to the point so that they keep well , yet have a somewhat soft and chewy texture . I will definitely order them again when the batch is gone .
 These cherries are delicious ! I was surprised at how large they were . A moist tart burst of flavor . A would buy these again !
 This is my third box of the cherries . I love putting a handful on my cereal in the morning . They are very sweet and just a bit tart . They are also great in salads and make a awesome muffin.I will say that there seems to be some seasonal variation . One of the three boxes I received was n't quite as tart/sweet as the other two . They were still very good but not `` as '' good .
 I 've shopped around for the best dried cherries , and these are the very best . They are still soft , not hard and dried out . I use them when I bake , put them in salads , and eat them right out of the bag . My RA doc and I are trying all natural treatments , dark cherries are supposed to have anti-inflammatory properties .
 These are excellent . Some tips
 I 've been craving cherries all winter , and I am so pleased with the quality of these . We ordered the 4-pound box and I am so glad we did . Stored them in those snack size little zip lock bags ... We keep some handy for a great tasty and healthy -LRB- organic even -RRB- snack . These cherries are much larger in size than we anticipated , and the flavor is basically sweet with a nice tanginess to them . How great to be able to enjoy them all year round ! We also ordered the 4-pound box of blueberries ... they are excellent as well .
 I 'm very lucky to live here in Michigan , where these cherries are grown practically in my back yard . I am able to buy these at our local grocery store , but this Amazon price is AMAZING for people who are n't as lucky as me!We like to use these cherries all year round especially in chocolate no-bake cookies , chicken salad and granola bars . YUMMY!It 's true there is nothing better than Traverse City tart cherries ! Try them and you 'll have to agree !
 dont hesitate to purchase these - these are wonderful . tart and sweet and delicious . these are very cost effective compared to paying $ 4.00 for 5oz in the grocery store and taste just as good .
 I love dried fruit . . ALL of it.These are the best dried cherries I have ever had.I was making waffle batter when the UPS truck pulled up and I stopped everything in midstream to open these . I immediately chopped up a couple handfulls and into the waffle batter they went plus a half teaspoon of almond extract.Sooo good . I was eating them out of the bag while I was cooking.So moist , so big so juicy , so perfect.Since then I have made chocolate cookies with almonds , white chunks and cherries . I add them to oatmeal , trail mix and muffin batter.They are the best period .
 These dried cherries are great when no fresh fruit is available in the winter . I use them in my oatmeal with several other dried fruit .
 Love them , large soft and chewy just the way I like them . I could hardly stop snacking on them . I wanted to order the Blueberries but they are gone but will definitely be ordering more from Traverse Bay
 These Cherries are well worth the money and much cheaper than I can purchase locally . If you like dried cherries as I do , do n't hesitate to purchase these .
 Exceptional value when you consider the little package prices . My kids eat these by the fistful and it is excellent for them ! I recommend finding a good way to store them as they do not come in a resealable container just a plastic bag , but hey for the price who cares !
 Exactly what I was hoping to taste -- sweet-tart cherry flavor , slightly chewy texture.Yum!I placed another order : -RRB-
 I received the cherries and opened the box and my husband , father and I immediately had a handful each . Yum !!! Now , a week later , half the box is gone and I will have to order more . Wonderful taste , not too sweet . We love them and they are actually good for my husband to eat since he has diabetes and these do not cause his blood sugar to spike !
 Before these dried cherries became available on Amazon.com , I would purchase several boxes every time I went up to Elk Rapids , Michigan to visit relatives . The price on Amazon is comparable to the price in the local supermarket there and shipping is free if you purchase 2 boxes ! They keep very well for months in the original box or in plastic containers.These are the absolute best dried cherries anywhere . I cook them in my morning oatmeal and make trail mix . I also add 1/2 -1 cup of dried cherries to my chocolate chip cookie dough . Absolutely divine !
 The only trouble I have with these is stopping eating them.Great for eating alone or in cooking . Great on my cereal . Ca n't get enough .
 I love dried cherries and use them for dishes both sweet and savory , as well as for breakfasts and snacking . I noticed I was paying $ 7.99 at the grocery story about once a month for a 12 oz package and decided to see if on-line offered better options . I bought these , loved them , and then signed up for a `` subscription '' where I receive 4lbs every 3 months -LRB- you can choose the frequency -RRB- and earn at discount of I think 20 % . Net , net ... these are about 1/2 the price of the ones in the store , as good or better tasting . Nice blend of sweet and tart , and as `` fresh '' as you 'd want in a dried fruit .
 These are so good and good for you -- not too sweet and not too sour ! I divided the box into quart and pint sized storage freezer bags and keep some all year long to use in cooking , over cereal , or just plain to snack on .
 These cherries are a great improvement on the ones in the regular grocery stores . The quality is great and being able to order this quantity is advantageous to the holiday baking season .
 The package was received in good condition . The product was well sealed & fresh tasting . The fruit was of high quality , better than my expectations .
 They 're just right , and they 're hard to stop eating.If someone loves the fake sugary sweet taste , they might not love these . They are a little tart.For the quality , the price per ounce is usually good . I just wish the price would go below $ 20 more often.Great gift for a family to share .
 Good and good for you . I got them to add to my daily oatmeal , but have found myself snacking on them a lot more often than that . A nice flavor . If you like cherries , raisins , or dried fruit , you 'll enjoy these.These are also a great addition to trail mix .
 These are very good , and a bargain depending on whether they are on sale . Came packed well , I do n't taste the oil that other reviewers mentioned.A great snack or addition to salads .
 I stumbled upon these on Amazon and went for it not knowing what I was going to do with 4 pounds of dried cherries . When they came I began eating them and did n't stop until they were gone . I 'm not sure how long it took but it was probably less than a month and they were gone . They are VERY good . Great in salads , making your own trailmix or just by the handful . Traverse City , MI knows cherries and these are the best I 've had .
 I purchased these yummy cherries in mid January -LRB- ' 11 -RRB- , and they are just as moist and tasty as when I first got them , and I store them in the cabinet.I still probably have at least 1.5 lbs left of the 4lb bag.I love to use them in hot cereal , my latest fave beingBob 's Red Mill Cereal 8 Grain Wheatless , 27-Ounce -LRB- Pack of 4 -RRB- I also add sliced almonds , cocoa powder , a pinch of salt , cinnamon , and some coconut oil -LRB- after it 's cooked -RRB- . Fast , easy , healthy , and delicious ! They 're just plain good any way you choose to eat them !
 Love the cherries . I traveled to Michigan and bought some cherries years ago . I could n't find them anywhere in Houston so glad I could purchase them on Amazon .
 I 've been ordering dried cherries by mail for several years now , from another source . These cherries are just as good as my previous source , at a better price , thanks to Amazon Prime .
 I recently bought and recieved dried cherries . they were absolutely delicious . I ate them as a healthy snack and also used them in my yogurt . I am sure they would be great in baking too . The shipping was remarkable fast and well packaged .
 Definitely a great healthy alternative to all those sugary snacks out there . It makes a good trail mix to bring to the office or at home . It 's all pack into one bag , so you ca n't leave it opened too long , but once you start eating you wo n't go a day without it .
 We used these in making `` Cherry Bread '' in our bread machine . Works really well with a sweet dough recipe . The price is good at this time . These cherries are not overly sweet , but have a more of a tart to them . They also hold together well in our machine . They also make a good substitute for raisins in trail mixes . We store our excess in Mason Jars in fridge . Recommend them highly .
 These are sooooo fresh and delicious ! The price is definitely affordable and the cherries are worth every cent.I love the cranberries more -LRB- and give them a 10 -RRB- but these cherries are definitely a 9.99 :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- Arrived QUICK and in excellent shape.Thank-you Amazon !
 I 've bought Traverse Bay 's cranberries in the past when they were cheaper than the 48oz Craisins bag I find here on Amazon sometimes . Last time I decided to go for the cherries . Delicious ! Such an interesting tart , sweet , almost spiced flavor . I put them in my oatmeal almost every morning . I 'm ordering a second box now !
 Trying dried cherries was something that appealed to me , because cherries have notable antioxidant effects and the only other ways to eat cherries regularly are to buy juice at the natural food store or buy the yucky canned cherries in heavy syrup . I have access to Flathead -LRB- MT -RRB- cherries but they are perishable and only available fresh in the fall . I found that Traverse added a bit of sugar and sunflower oil to keep their product soft . I like the resulting taste , very tart , but meaty . Four pounds is a load of cherries , but I split up the shipment into plastic bags and settled them in the lower area of the refrig , opening just one bag emptied into a mason jar on the counter for a quick snack , with an eye on calorie counting .
 These are delicious ! I really like them and will order them again . They seem very fresh and are very good .
 Purchased these originally for my son in law because he likes tart cherries , and decided , based on the reviews that I wanted to try them as well . In my opinion , they are excellent ! Not too tart and not too sweet . If you are looking for a pucker your mouth tartness , these are not for you . I have used them on cereals , eat them plain , add them in with other fruits for a fruit salad and even cook with them ! Tart cherries are touted for their antioxidant properties and their ability to reduce joint pain over time . I have found these an excellent substitute for raisins !
 We love these cherries , I have been buying them for a couple of years.I have them out in a dish , we eat them as snacks , as well as in baked goods , on cereals , salad 's etc. I just received a box yesterday , but to my surprise , I guess I goofed and we got the Dried Cranberries instead . Do n't know about them yet , but I guess they ca n't be returned .
 I lived in the Traverse Bay area for a number of years which is how I became familiar with dried cherries . Now that I live across the country I was amazed to find that Amazon sells this delicious fruit . I use it for EVERYTHING
 I ordered one box , and ended up getting a subscription , less cost per box , one every 6 months.They are great !!!
 These are absolutely delicious . Our office received them as a holiday gift from one of our patients . Once you eat one , you ca n't stop ... simple , healthy snack ! YUM !!
 Delicious as described ! This is one honkin ' huge 4 POUND bag of cherries ! Oh my gosh there is a bazillion of 'em . Divvy them up and share with friends .
 I actually live in Michigan and every year head up to Traverse City for the cherry fest . It was during a cherry fest like 6-7 years ago that I was introduced to Traverse Bay dried cherries and cranberries . I have never eaten another brand since . If you like dried fruit then look no further . Traverse Bay sells Dried Cherries , Dried Organic Cherries , Dried Organic Blueberries , Dried Wild Blueberries , Dried Red Raspberries , and Dried Strawberries . Just check out the companies homepage . They even offer subscription based shipping just like Amazon . They also sell a bunch of other stuff as well including antioxidant fruit based vitamins , Jams , fruit concentrates , etc. . Dried cherries and dried cranberries are my favorites and I have actually tried a lot of different brands over the years . None of them have the quality , freshness and flavor that Traverse Bay has . I eat them out of the box , on cereal , in salads , and even in homemade ice cream . Dried cherries , or any other dried fruit for that matter , is a great snack.The bottom line - If your looking for high quality dried cherries then look no further . By the way if you love cherries and have never been to the cherry fest in Traverse City then I highly recommend you check it out . Its a great time !! 5 Stars !
 I have purchased both this 4 lb . box and the box with two 2 lb . bags . I prefer the latter for convenience of storage , but this larger bag was of excellent quality also , and seemed to hold up quite well.My one suggestion would be that the web site make clear how these 4 lbs . of cherries are packaged - all in one , or smaller packages .
 Traverse Bay Dried cherries , so delicious!Jusice just flows around your tongue as you chew them.So good , my generous hubby said he hoped I didnt mind , he gave a third of them away to friends !! Now , I need to order some more.Came packed well and came quickly from TC to San Antonio , THANK YOU . Keep up the quality work .
 What can be said about this product ? It is a 4-Pound bag of delicious dried cherries ! I have orded these many times before , each time they meet my expectations.Notes : These ship as a single 4 lb bag of cherries , i.e. you will want a large air-tight container to store them in . I have a tall container with a silicone seal , works like a charm to keep the cherries fresh for a couple months -LRB- although towards the end they are n't as fresh anymore , but that is the price you pay for storing them for a couple months -RRB- . The dried cherries also tend to have a longer shelf-life than dried cranberries .
 These are fresh , tender , and delicious ! I have tried other brands , but so far nothing comes close . Almost as good as chocolate , but obviously much better for you .
 Folks , I 'm not exaggerating -- these cherries are wonderful . I 'd never had dried cherries before that I know of , at least none with a slightly tart -LRB- not sour -RRB- and sweet flavor . The texture of the cherries ... again , I am astonished at how good these are . I 'm trying something that seems to be working out well , too -- I have been `` blooming '' the cherries by heating up some water on the stove , and then placing a handful of cherries in a coffee cup and then putting the hot water in there with them . Cover it , and let them rehydrate for a couple of hours . The cherries puff back up a little -- not like they were before drying , but it makes them a lot more like , say , canned cherries -LRB- except clearly , with no preservatives or syrup -RRB- , that you can chill and put on your cereal or ice cream ... These are great , and I eat them by the handful !!! -- Setherson
 These are really tasty , and not too sweet . We ordered another box . Great in oatmeal . They are somewhat oily , but this is not a problem , just a surprise compared to something like raisins .
 Used these as a door prize for a Michigan Party in the SW . Well received . Everyone wanted to be a winner .
 I have been buying these for the past few years when I catch them on sale . Retail prices on dried cherries are just outrageous so these are a great deal with Subscribe and Save.They are sweet but not cloyingly sweet like a few brands that I have tried . I have one box that stayed sealed in the box for a few months and when I opened it they were still nice and soft and not dried out and chewy as well.These are great in baked goods and my kids love it when I put these in our morning oatmeal or when making cookies to add in a change of pace from Oatmeal Raisin cookies.Overall its a great deal for the price and they keep fresh for a long time as well which is an added plus .
 I 'm not a dried cherry connoisseur , but these are EXCELLENT . Sweet , a little tart , chewy , not oily , and VERY cherry without tasting artificial at all . As far as dried fruit goes , these are GREAT . I 'd buy these again definitely , and at the just-under-20-dollar price I got them for , 5 dollars for a pound of a delicious , sweet , and healthy all-natural snack makes it quite the bargain !
 I had never tasted dried cherries before buying this product , so I ca n't comment on how these compare to other dried cherries . But compared only to themselves they are outstanding . They taste like cherry pie , yet they are unsweetened . They are simply naturally sweet.I enjoy eating this delicious treat either alone or with my daily serving of dark chocolate -LRB- my favorite brand isRitter Sport -RRB- . For those counting calories
 I have ordered these cherries twice now and will certainly order them again . They are plump , soft and delicious . They do have sugar added to them though , but they are n't too sweet . I package them into smaller freezer bags and take one bag out at a time for use . Every morning I add them to my cereal , and I use them in cooking , salads , and just to eat ! I highly recommend them !
 I 'm very picky when it comes to dried cherries - and these are wonderful ! Tart and juicy , the box arrived quickly and was an amazing value for the quantity . Thanks !
 I absolutely love these cherries . They are perfect . I have read some reviews that say they are oily , but this was not the case for me . So far , I 've used them in salads & for eating out of hand & we all love them ! I was worried b/c I had heard thru our local food co-op that cherries did not do well this year , but found these to be great .
 I was iffy on buying these because of the added oil . They do claim it 's only a tiny amount to keep them from sticking , and the reviews were such , that I figured what the heck.And I 'm really glad I ordered them . They are really delicious without a hint of greasiness or bad tastes you sometimes find with dried fruit loaded with oils and chemicals !
 These cherries are fantastic . The flavors and textures are excellent offering a very satisfying blend of sweet and sour . I am ordering another box right now . Just get some and enjoy .
 The taste is great !! They are GREAT for you !! I could n't be more pleased with the dried cherries , packaged very good , arrived on time as well . I read a review that said they were disappointed with the packaging not being ziplocked . Unless you are going to eat 4 pounds within a few days you would want to separate . I purchased quart size freezer bags and small snack bags . Separated out portion size -LRB- is high in sugar -RRB- and put several snack bags in each quart freezer bag . It 's handy when you want to put them in oatmeal , snacking , etc. .
 The oil itself is excellent and the lemon flavor is just right -- stronger than the stuff that you might get in a local grocer 's , at least here in Texas -- but it does n't have a processed , chemical taste.I find that using it as the only oil in a vinaigrette is too strong , and so you need n't go to the expense , but if it comprises a fourth to a half of the oil , and if the other oil is good , the balance is quite nice . In fact , if the acid in the vinaigrette is a good sherry vinegar , the flavor of the lemon in the oil is more noticeable than the vinegar .
 Agrumato oil pressed with lemons is superb on salads and in cooking . The lemon flavor is not overwhelming but adds a freshness that is surprising . You can use it in most recipes that call for EVOO . Try it in untraditional ways and you 'll find you love it .
 for cooking and salad dressings . Just the right amount of Lemon . Wish the Agrumato was not about to expire but was aware of that possibility of a &#34; best if used by November &#34; from another bottle that I had purchased recently . Will wait for another batch .
 This olive oil is sublime . The lemon flavor and scent is not too over-powering . I 'm looking forward to finding all kinds of reasons to use it !
 This is by far the best olive oil infused with pressed lemons that I have ever tried . For a really spectacular salad dressing that is sure to win rave reviews mix together Agrumento Extra Virgin Olive Oil with Pressed Lemons and `` Marukan '' brand seasoned gourmet Rice Vinegar Lite in approximate equal amounts -LRB- or a little more of the rice vinegar depending on taste -RRB- . If desired add a little salt and pepper and wisk all together until blended . This is so easy , but so delicious ! Enjoy !
 This fudge is rich , decadent and perfect for any dark chocolate lover . The fresh peanuts mixed with the dark chocolate make an excellent sweet treat . Order yours today !
 If you like cherries and chocolate , you will like these . They taste just like raisinettes , only sweeter and better . They make the perfect ice-cream topping and are good straight as well . They are kind of rich tasting if you eat too many at a time.Four pounds of these fit perfectly in a 1 gal ziploc bag .
 To be honest i was expecting more from a 4lb box . 4lbs sounds like alot of cherries , but really its not ! The cherries are stored in a box about the size of a ` storage ' ziplock bag . They taste pretty much like raisinets only a tinge bit more sour , dont get me wrong their still delicious ! But if your expecting more of a harry-and-david-bing-cherry flavor you 'll be sorely disappointed . Their still yummy and a great deal , just dont set your expectations too high .
 I love this product . It 's the perfect proportions of cherries to chocolate . I keep a small container of these at work and it 's perfect because when I get a chocolate craving , I can eat just a few and then I 'm good . The only thing that would make me love this product more is if it was less expensive so I could buy them regularly instead of being a splurge item or if they were organic -LRB- and that would make it more than worth the money -RRB- .
 Excellent quality cherries and great taste , simply a healthful treat . Treat yourself or those you love when you put them in small gift packages .
 Got these as a Christmas gift for my husband and he likes them so much he asked for a box for Father 's Day ! The price is right so I ordering them again today . : - -RRB-
 Traverse Bay chocolate-covered dried cherries are consistently good . I 've never found a package of these cherries that tasted anything other than what I 've come to expect . They make a good snack .
 I 've gotten the regular dried cherries before and loved them . I ate them as a snack and also with oatmeal . Amazon had a good deal on these so I jumped on it . I was n't disappointed , they were great . I gave some as a birthday present too !
 4 pounds of cherries sounds like a lot , but it 's not really that much.They do taste great and other than the cost , I 'd recommend these to anyone . I will likely buy them again especially if I can find them on sale . : -RRB-
 These are absolutely delicious ! The fruit is moist and chewy , decent quality chocolate . I keep these in a airtight jar on my counter and just a small handful helps with that afternoon slump , right before dinner . I feel they are a healthier choice than a candy bar or another cup of coffee . I also used these in a chocolate chip cookie recipe , using half cherries and white chocolate chips ! YUM ! I dont feel these are overpriced -LRB- about 20 bucks in early January -RRB- , considering the price of most dried fruit in the grocery store . Most important thing to me is these are made from fruit that is grown here in theUSA ! , Have you read the origin of many so called `` Organic '' dried fruit products , many from China , some fruit from the US and Processed in China !
 I have to hide these from everyone they are so good ... especially me ! True they are expensive but so good I may be addicted forever . I made trail mix from some of these with the raw unsalted sunflower seeds from Bob 's red mill I purchased here and the Nutiva raw cashews I also Purchased here , all I can say is it was heavenly . I like to snack on them when I am doing my school work it helps me concentrate better .
 I have been buying these cherries for many years now , and these are just perfect . I add them to hot oatmeal and cold cereals also . My wife stated adding these into her banana bread for special events and they were a total hit . If you are these and you like CHOCOLATE , try the choclate covered dried cherries too !
 I have purchased three boxes of these and they are great ! All the The batches I have received were of equal quality and were wonderful . The cherries were nice , moist and large . The chocolate was good and not overpowering . If you are looking for something like a cherry cordial , you will be disappointed . If you want something that will make your mouth pucker , you will be equally disappointed . These are simple treats for both the experienced and inexperienced palette alike.The cherries come delivered in a box and in a single large heavy plastic bag . If you do not plan to consume all of them in a short period of time , you will need to find a way of storing them , such as in zip-lock or vacuum bags .
 I have to admit that this is a great addition to the kitchen . My daughter-in-law introduced me to sticky rice . My wife and I were on vacation at the time and when we got home the first thing I did was look for the tools to make it . I found this product and am extremely pleased with it.Shipping time was great . I think it was only about 3 or 4 days for it to come all the way across the country . Nothing was damaged and nothing was missing . The aluminum cooker , bamboo basket and cheesecloth were all there along with the bag of rice . Instructions were included as well . I think we made our first batch the very next day . The cheesecloth keeps everything in place and keeps the basket from getting messy . Cleanup is easy too.If you want to try sticky rice or just need a replacement this will be a great addition .
 Excellent product . Remember to soak the sticky rice for at least 4-5 hours . The product could have been purchased through the seller at a cheaper price , but I like Amazon because I could always track my purchases easier .
 When I was in college , some missionaries once introduced me to sticky rice balls served with sweetened condensed milk -LRB- or hot sauce -RRB- . I have n't had it since then , until I saw this kit . I have to make it on a day I plan to be home because the rice has to soak for 4-6 hours before it 's steamed . And then the rice has to steam for 45 minutes . But the end product is delicious ... Enjoy .
 I have had a desire for Sticky Rice for many years , ever since my time in South East Asia in the early 60s . Until I came on this product , and the rice from Import Foods , I had almost forgot how it was supposed to taste . This kit brought all the memories back from those days , and the food taste from that region that I really love . I can see no other way to make rice taste like it should .
 I love this product and the company . Shipping was fast . I had to order from them again . I received what was pictured .
 My daughter and I love sticky rice . This kit makes rice that comes out the same texture as the sticky rice we get in restaurants . There are a lot ` sauce ' recipes out there so you can make the rice in this kit and then find a sauce recipe that suits you.I soak the rice overnight or set it in a bowl on the counter when I leave for work . After the soaking period , it 's super simple . Put it in the basket covered with cheese cloth and let it cook . That 's all there is to it .
 My husband and I visited Laos in December 2012 and fell in love with laab and sticky rice . At the Southeast Asian market I frequent , you can only buy sticky rice in 25 lb . bags , so I turned to amazon to see what I could get here . I bought this kit and then followed a recipe in which you soak the rice for about 8 hours and then steam it , wrapped in cheesecloth , in the basket for 30 minutes , turning the package over halfway through . I used about a cup of the rice for two people . The rice came out perfectly , just like in Laos . Maybe I 'll buy the 25 lb . bag next time !
 I wanted to imitate my adventures in Thailand upon returning to the states . I fell in love with sticky rice with Mango . My Thai friends showed me how to make this dish , but I could not find the perfect tools , until now . I am so glad I found this kit with everything I needed including the sticky rice ! Right out the box , I was able to prepare my favorite dish from Thailand .
 A buddy of mine told me this is how they make rice in Thailand , so I thought it would be fun to try at home . It has instructions on soaking the rice and the steps to after it cooks . I had a lot of fun using the product and the sticky rice was amazing . Also , I used it on an electric burner with no problems .
 This is delicious and easy to cook . My family asks can we have sticky rice often . I make it about once a week . Everything you need comes with the order . Great price . I prefer to cook the rice without the cheesecloth , though the bamboo basket gets a little dirty when you do n't use cheesecloth . I do choose to cook without the cheesecloth and it is not hard to clean basket . I assume the cheesecloth is for easier cleanup . I found a sticky rice dipping sauce recipe online and it is so good . Enjoy
 the item came quickly and wasn easy to use making great rice .
 Delicious dried cherries . Just finishing up our first 2-pound bag and thinking about trying the four pound box . Definitely would recommend .
 This collection of bread mixes is wonderful ! The directions were clear and easy , and the breads themselves were delicious ! I ca n't wait to try more mixes from the Prepared Pantry !
 I was very pleased with the quality of this bread as made by my Breadman machine , as well as the ease of use . It took me less than five minutes to put everything together . Wow!I would rate the mixes a five except I thought the price with shipping was a little steep .
 I bought this sampler to introduce myself to bread-making , and it hooked me . The Anadama bread was especially good , and the packaging should survive WWIII .
 This was the first time I tried these bread mixes . So far , having only tried two , I found them excellent . My husband loved the buttermilk wheat in particular . The texture , taste , and quality is simply first rate . Will certainly order these again .
 What a great idea these breadmaking mixes are ! The two pounds loaves baked up great using our Breadman Pro , and saved me a lot of money and time . This homemade bread is far more delicious than boughten bread . Love all the varieties . THANKS SO MUCH !
 This is a no frills food item . Simply plain popped corn . Really good flavor , and you dont feel guilty eating it .
 I purchased this decaf by mistake at the supermarket and loved it.Only after going through half the can did I notice it was decaf!Tastes just like regular ILLY but is also decaf ... soo if you want good decaf I recommend this .
 Really great decaff coffee . Tried many different brands and this one is alway fresh and just the right flavor . I highly recommend this product .
 Great quality coffee . This is some of the best coffee made . It is smooth and has great flavor .
 If you like coffee but watch your caffiene intake pick some of this up . Tastes great , could be priced more aggresively . The taste is full and rich with no bitterness .
 I love my coffee , I 'm a puertorrican that grew up with a coffee factory down the street from my house . I like my coffee string , dark and rich . While I was pregnant I could not have my coffee but when my daughter was born I looked for a decaf that I could get the greatness of coffee but decaf while breast feeding . - no caffeine/to litte caffeine while breast feeding - I tried many decaf nd they all failed . This is the best decaf I have tried , even a decaf espresso at Starbucks does not hold a candle to this decaf . It 's bold , rich and it 's amazing . I was impressed how the taste is the same as non-decaf espresso . If you love coffee like I do and you have to give it up for some reason this is your coffee . Hope you enjoy it as much as I do :-RRB- . P.S. I was one of those people that said decaf coffee was blasphemy ; -RRB-
 Like my title said , this is the best coffee you can ever buy , but there is a hitch . Before you spend 17 dollars online for a can of coffee , go to your local store . I bought this coffee for 17 bucks and then went to a store where they had it priced at 11.99 . Bummer ! Especially for a person of such limited budget as I. All in all , you ca n't fail with Illy , but check your Bloom or Trader Joe 's first !
 If you 've got congestion that just wo n't quit , this stuff will help you come up for air . Wasabi will clear you out long enough to taste the best mustard you 've ever had . Unique texture and flavor causes only mild beading of sweat to show up on your brow , but makes congestion retreat so you can breathe and eat happy .
 This is some great pop from the midwest , a serious classic in Detroit -LRB- where I come from -RRB- and Ohio . They have great flavors like Grape , Red , Rock N Rye , and Cream Soda . I miss it so much now that I live in Arizona and I have never found anything comparable to it .
 I crave this taste , it 's the most delicious flavor ever . I went back to Michigan where I was born . When I was in a store browsing and just happened to come across Red Pop , I got so excited , but then I realized I left my money at home . Well , everyone saw how excited I was and the store clerk just gave me the bottle free . That made my vacation .
 Great product . Great packaging . Easy to use and store . I would definitely recommend this product for all casual home bakers .
 I love this tea , I almost do n't want to review it and tell others , because it 's too good . For those who are coffee drinkers , it 's a darker , richer tea . Whenever I serve it to my company they want to get their own box of it . It has a great flavor , black or however you want to dress it up . I would highly recommend this tea to any tea drinker or coffee drinker .
 These lollipops are sweetened with sugar alcohols , which are not metabolized by oral bacteria , so they do not contribute to tooth decay . Excellent product !
 These are good treats for children in our office to calm them down after they get shots.They are made with Splenda which is better than all other sugar substitutes .
 I bought these for my 2 boys -LRB- ages 5 & 2 -RRB- so I could give these to them as treats and not worry about so much sugar on their teeth . They love these and we keep these in the `` treat cabinet '' for rewards and special treats . They taste really good and they do n't know the difference from regular lollypops . Highly recommend !
 They taste great . You can not tell they are sugar free , they taste just like regular lollypops with sugar .
 I 've looked in every retail shop and grocery store for sugar-free lollypops with no success . Thank God for the internet ! I 'm familiar with the Sorbee brand , so it was n't a far leap for me to make this purchase . Although the 5-pound bag may last me more than a year , it 's still a worthwhile purchase . My kids absolutely LOVE these lollypops . The kids find the flavors delicious , not to mention they ca n't tell the difference between these and sugar lollypops . All they know is they 're yummy and they ca n't get enough , which actually makes it difficult to say `` no more '' . Please note that if you have kids , you may want to transfer some of the lollypops to a smaller bag , and hide the big bag itself . That way the kids wo n't see such a huge bag of lollypops and freak out , thinking they can eat them all in one sitting . Yep , these lollypops are that yummy .
 My two year old has cavities , and loves candy , who does n't ? So I purchased these to help satisfy her candy craving and protect her teeth from sugar at the same time . My children , ages seven and two , and I love these lollipops . After trying my first one I actually read the ingredients again to make sure they do no contain sugar , which of course they do n't . I really wish they listed all the flavors because `` wild fruit mix '' listed on the description of this product could really mean anything . So , here are the flavors
 These are small lollipops that are good for everyday use . DO NOT think they will satisfy your cravings if you need sugar . For that , you may need something a little more substantive than fruity-ness - I suggest sugar free chocolate raisins , as they are delicious and the texture is great . Overall though , not bad - they 're certainly cheap at about 5 cents a pop .
 These are really tasty and are perfect when we have a dr. appt . or a trip to the store he is not into ... We do n't bribe much , but when we do - these are perfect - sugar free !!
 I quit smoking almost 11/2 years ago . The sugar free lollypops helped me tremendously with the hand-to-mouth craving . I also chew on the stick for a while when the lollypop is gone ! It would have been very difficult to quit smoking without the sugar free lollypops ! Also , when having a cocktail the lollypops help with cravings ! :-RRB- I recommend them highly !!
 These `` suckers '' taste as good as any sugar-laced lollipop . They come in a huge plastic bag and are individually wrapped.They are a bit small compared to regular lollipops , but that may be a good thing , since we all should eat sweets in moderation.The price is right , too -LRB- hey , that would be a good title for a TV game show -RRB- . My big problem with them ? I ca n't suck on them . After a few seconds , I just have to crunch them up . Bad habit , I know !
 I started Weight Watchers about 3 months ago and crave sweets like you would n't believe . I had a hard time going to the movie theater especially without wanting candy . Thank goodness I found these ! You can have 2 lollypopps for 1 point or 1 lollypop for o points which is amazing . Grape , Strawberry , Cherry and Lemon are all good . They do have the sucrolose aftertaste but after not eating sugary candy for 3 months these pops are sooo good ! I will buy another 5lb bag once these run out !
 Great suckers . Good flavors . Nice small size for the occasional kid -LRB- or grown up -RRB- treat . I was concerned when they arrived that they might be smashed to bits since they were packed in a rather small box for 5lbs worth of suckers . However , hardly a one has been broken . My 6 year old traded 80 % of his Halloween candy for these suckers after trick or treating ! How can you beat that ?
 I used to work for a hospital and these were the only candy available . The taste is great for sugar-free . Nice variety of flavors , as well . Recommend it for those cutting down on sugar intake and you need the taste without the sugar .
 The lollypops were shipped quickly and opened immediately . They aremulti-flavored and all taste great ! I had tried them at the doctor ` soffice and thought they were so good that I ordered some . I have a couplea day and they taste consistently good . Even my husband loves them .
 I hope this becomes available again . Great for diabetics and for myself and kids -LRB- I try to bribe them -RRB- but I do n't want them to have sugar . 23 $ for 5 lbs . I 'll buy over and over again , so please offer this again , they are awesome ! No sorbitol or maltitol or other stomach displeasing ingredients in them !
 I got these for a pinata - had no idea how many came in a 5 pound bag . I really needed a 1 pound bag or less . kids liked them . I should donate the rest to the dentist office ...
 These are great for giving something sweet to my grandchildren without loading them up on sugar . Great to fulfill the sweet urge .
 I have purchased these many times . No sugar means a lot to me . The flavors are great . The kids do n't know they are sugar-free .
 I bought these because they were Sugar Free and I was going to hand them out at a Dental Conference . This product is fabulous . The taste is really good and sweet . They come in a nice package that clearly states that they are sugar free . I would recommend them to anyone for any purpose .
 My 21/2 year old granddaughter loves these suckers . She knows where I keep them in my purse and tries to get them out herself . No guilt when I let her have candy !
 I am so happy with this purchase . These are by far the best sugar free lollypops that you can buy . They do n't have that bitter after taste , like most sugar free candies . I would highly recommend this candy ,
 I purchased these along with some other sugar free lollipops . They are really good and my granddaughter loves them .
 VERY TASTY We used these to help our 4 year old give up the pacifier . We gave him one of these instead at bedtime , then removed it when he fell asleep . -LRB- Ca n't swallow it like hard candy . -RRB- Worked great , and soon he did n't even ask for the sucker . Great tasting to us , too , no foul aftertaste . Whole family loves them .
 I am on a diet and the lollypops are a big reason I am losing weight . I was purchising them at a local health food store at a much higher cost . They are very tasty !
 I purchased these lollypops for my 2 year old son . It is a huge bag and will probably last us a year . He loves them and they have worked as excellent rewards during potty training . This way I do n't feel bad about him consuming too much sugar . They are very hard to find at any stores -LRB- even health food stores -RRB- and anything similar is at least twice the price . The only reason I gave them 4 stars is that they are not super sweet tasting like regular candy . My son does n't notice as the flavors are good but just thought I would warn you . 4 stars does n't do them justice so if I were to give them a percentile rating it would be 95 % .
 My son is hyperactive and borderline ADHD/bipolar . Whenever we are out to the mall or shopping or anywhere , he fidgets and chews his nails and talks and moves about and does n't listen and ca n't follow directions ... all of the activity overwhelms him ... . ANYWAY . I looked for suckers that do not have added sugars and after a little research , I found these with a sugar alternative rather than NUTRASWEET/aspartame -- the only thing I wish was different is that I wish they had the string handles -LRB- like Saf-T-Pops -RRB- . I bought them with the hope that offering them to him while waiting at the doctor or shopping at the grocery , he will have something to satisfy his oral fixation and hold his focus.He likes the flavors and they do the trick ! By the way , he is 81/2 ... I DO recommend buying these if you are looking for a simple , sugar free sucker to buy yourself 5 minutes of peace from a noisy child , or to quit smoking , or when you 're dieting.I hope this helps ! : -RRB-
 These are the best lollypops ever . My husband and I try to watch our weight . When we go to the movies we take along a few of these and we do n't miss the greasy popcorn .
 Good when you are trying to cut down on your sugar intake and watch those carbs . But do n't eat to many they do have a reaction .
 The `` lollypops '' arrived by the date promised.I teach in a private school that is sugar free , and I like to give the students sugar free treats from time-to-time . I had looked in various stores for sugar free lollipops , and could not find any that were reasonably priced . I was familiar with other products by Sorbee , so I ordered them . The kids love them , and the lollipops are great for students who have braces , and can not eat gummy treats or hard candies .
 These lollipops are wonderful ! They are a great , guilt-free treat for my children . The 5-pound bag has more suckers in it than I imagined , we have barely made a dent in it . They even survived the hot car at the beach ! Thanks for the great product !
 I purchased this kind of last minute . It did n't look exactly how I thought it would but it came speedy delievery which was great and my client loved the look it gave to her wedding cupcakes .
 Last Christmas I left my husband with a batch of sugar cookie dough in the fridge and told him to make Christmas cookies . So , he cut out and baked dozens of trees . Palm trees . Hmmm , I never thought palm trees were particularly Christmas-y , but what do I know ? I then assigned him the task of decorating the cookies and left him with a variety of options and was a bit timid to see what he would do . What he did was pipe them all in white and then dust them with opal sanding sugar . They looked gorgeous and very festive . I think the cookies got more compliments than anything else we prepared for the party !
 Love it l. . althou not a lot of color ... it does add shine to my cupcakes more than regular sugar .
 A lovely balance of colors for snowflake cookie shimmer . I like the size bag too ! I used this on ginger cookies and it looks good a little change from white sanding sugar .
 The sugar was perfect , I ordered it to go on a cookie I make only at Christmas time . The cookie is an almond flavored one that you make by chiliing the dough and then cutting off a small piece which you make into a ball and then roll by hand out so it is about 9 inches long . You try to keept it a little thicker in the very middle so when you twist it , it has a tapered look . You leave the top with a small opening so you can put a pretty ribbon thru it like it can be hung on the tree . When they are cooked and still warm you put a thin coating on them of powdered sugar and almond flavoring and water and when they are still sticky , you sprinkle the sugar on . They came out beautiful , I then put them in an old cookie tin and serve them up to company , they think I am soooooo talented and it is so easy .
 These peanut chews are addictive but very hard to find -- Just Born needs to get its distribution act together . They taste great -- not too sweet , and the molasses in the caramel that binds the peanuts together really goes well with the dark/bittersweet chocolate coating . They also have a great `` mouth appeal '' when you bite into them and then choose how you will savor each half . I 've tried the milk chocolate coated ones too , but they are not half as good . Enjoy !
