 I just ordered this fudge . It looked so good and seemed to be priced well I thought I would give it a try . I have looked at just about every store where we live and can not find any maple fudge . I am hoping this will taste as good as it looks . I will send another feedback after I have had my first bite . Ca n't wait .
 I am sure this is delicious as it had been recommended to me.However , it was completely melted when I received it , thepackage did not state PERISHABLE and the postage was expensive.I would not buy from this particular site again .
 So disappointed with this product . Bought it online because I thought it would taste high end homemade . It is going out to the troops in Afghanistan and I wanted them to have a taste of home for the holidays . Unfortunately , I found I could 've saved money and just bought Crunch N ' Munch . This product has a bunch of un-popped kernels per bag ; not randomly -LRB- which would also be bad -RRB- but at least 3 to 4 kernels per bag . I thought they would put their product through more rigorous standards of quality , but i see that is not a concern with this vendor .
 Found this on sale and excitedly tried it this morning in my coffee and a fresh fruit and yogurt smoothie . I was n't pleased with results in the smoothie because it did n't seem to dissolve properly , probably because of the cold . This resulted in my smoothie having a `` sandy grit '' texture but the taste was okay . It did dissolve properly in the hot coffee and tasted just fine.Maybe an hour or so later my tummy started gurgling and shortly after was my first of MANY mad dashes to the bathroom today . This started with the smoothie at about 8 AM and has continued throughout the day -LRB- it is now 4:15 PM -RRB- . The info about the product states that it does not cause gastrointestinal distress but other reviews support my experience that it certainly does too AND it continues for long after the product has surely been flushed -LRB- pun intended -RRB- from your body .
 Mild sweeetness - though ultimately tastes like soap - or something reminiscent of soap .
 38.39 is a ridiculous price for 12 red bull . especially considering they cost 2.09 in a store .
 It always amazes me how some outside vendors try to gouge consumers with their highly over-priced items on here . You can bet I 'll never buy anything from this vendor , even if it is a great deal.This is a ridiculously high price for Red Bull . On sale in the stores one can find it for $ 1.50 / can . Why would someone pay more than that online ? Caveat emptor -- let the buyer beware !
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas . It may be `` exotic '' wood but the paper stuck to the wood is coming off the front left corner and greatly diminishes its beauty . The tea is nice but it 's not worth the money , in my opinion . I knew the box would n't be hand painted but I thought the craftsman would 've done a better job of gluing down the paper .
 I received this as a Christmas gift from a friend who knows I like hot tea . ALL of the tea was some variation on flavors of green tea . I avoid drinking caffein , which green tea contains , so I gave away all of the tea and kept the chest to fill with my own selections . The chest is kind of cheap -LRB- paper glued over something , as described by another reviewer -RRB- . It 's pretty , but I do n't expect it to hold up .
 So disappointed with this product . Bought it online because I thought it would taste high end homemade . It is going out to the troops in Afghanistan and I wanted them to have a taste of home for the holidays . Unfortunately , I found I could 've saved money and just bought Crunch N ' Munch . This product has a bunch of un-popped kernels per bag ; not randomly -LRB- which would also be bad -RRB- but at least 3 to 4 kernels per bag . I thought they would put their product through more rigorous standards of quality , but i see that is not a concern with this vendor .
 diseased yellow pile of tortured meat , that 's what it is . I used to eat it ... but than I found out how it 's made , that 's just gross . people are disgusting and will eat raccoon 's a * on a stick if it 's called a delicacy .
 So , Amazon , you 're back to selling whale meat , fois gras , and other gross foods ? What gives ? Is it because few American 's eat it , or even know what it is ? And , it 's expensive which helps your bottom line . So , why not take stuff American 's do n't or are forbidden to eat -LRB- remember the ban on whale slaughter is now world wide and it makes your selling of it illlegal -RRB- . People are becoming more informed on a daily basis , and finding this kind of stuff on Amazon is little less than appalling , much less , law disregarding .
 Hand decorated ? Maybe by slave labor in some 3rd world country . I should have read all the reviews more carefully . The only `` exotic '' thing about this purchase is probably the chemicals used in gluing the cheap paper onto the chest . There are glue splatters all over the top , and scratches on the inside . The paint on the corners looks like it was done by 3rd graders . I purchased this primarily for the chest , and could easily forgive the poor selection in flavors if the chest was worth more than $ 10 . As it stands , I 'm going to try to return this to Amazon ASAP . *** Very Disappointed *** Read all the reviews before purchasing this !!
 This was a very disappointing purchase . The ` Premium Hand Decorated Exotic Wooden Tea Chest ' appears to be pine decorated with printed paper . Although the print is very nice , the description of it is a bit overblown.The tea inside was okay . Some of the combinations of flavors just did n't go well together , and often drowned the flavor of the tea .
 The teas are good , do n't get me wrong , but the whole reason I purchased this for my wife was because of the box . And the quality of the box is mediocre at best . The corners were worn and the gold trim paint was splattered all over the top of the thing . Yikes !
 `` Hand decorated '' ... ? Only if that phrase means cheap glued-on paper . I , too , purchased this item primarily for the chest . The chest arrived with the paper already peeling from all corners ; on the lid are several raggedy-edged holes in full view . Really disappointing . Does anyone from Bentley actually read the advertising copy ?
 The tea assortment in the chest is excellent , vey tasty . However , the chest is very poorly put together . The applique material does not line up and there are numerous rough edges . Not wht I would want to display on the countertop .
 Two parts to this review - one for the product and one for Amazon1 -RRB- I love this turkey pepperoni . Great taste , low calories , and little fat . It 's a much healthier product than standard pepperoni . My main complaint is I have had several packages where the pepperonin are encased in mold . I could n't see any visible holes or slits in the packaging , but the product inside was solid green and grey . This is not Amazon 's fault since they just ship a box of 12 that came straight from the manufacturer with all the original labelling etc. . One other time , I received only 11 of 12 packages inside the box .2 -RRB- The product listing is incorrect on this page or Amazon is unable to get it right . It 's listed as a pack of 12 6-ounce packages . I have ordered this product numerous times , and Amazon always ships a pack of 12 3-ounce packages . As I said above , the product is in its original packaging from the manufacturer and it clearly says in big bold letters `` 12 3 oz . packages '' right on the box . Amazon then applies their own sticker saying `` 12 6 oz packages '' . I have ordered this product 4 different times and each time I only got half an order . To Amazon 's credit , they have fixed it everytime -LRB- for me -RRB- but seem incapable of fixing the problem at the source . Either the website is listing the wrong size or someone in the warehouses ca n't read or do simple math . I have discussed this with customer service each time , but they still have n't fixed it.So , 4 stars for the product . 4 stars for Amazon always fixing my order in the end . 0 stars for Amazon 's ability to correct a simple problem .
 First of all , I have major issues with children 's snacks that are so full of sodium.I have to admit , my son loves these . What is not so great is the two or three days of garlic breath I have to endure afterwards . Was it so necessary to add garlic salt to a toddler snack ? The onion and other vegetables are more than enough to provide flavour .
 stay away from Great American Spice company . They do n't answer their 888 number , local number or emails . They have been investigated by their state attorney general for not shipping items . They settled.If they do n't care about their customers ask yourself why should you buy from them .
 stay away from Great American Spice company . They do n't answer their 888 number , local number or emails . They have been investigated by their state attorney general for not shipping items . They settled.If they do n't care about their customers ask yourself why should you buy from them .
 stay away from Great American Spice company . They do n't answer their 888 number , local number or emails . They have been investigated by their state attorney general for not shipping items . They settled.If they do n't care about their customers ask yourself why should you buy from them .
 So disappointed with this product . Bought it online because I thought it would taste high end homemade . It is going out to the troops in Afghanistan and I wanted them to have a taste of home for the holidays . Unfortunately , I found I could 've saved money and just bought Crunch N ' Munch . This product has a bunch of un-popped kernels per bag ; not randomly -LRB- which would also be bad -RRB- but at least 3 to 4 kernels per bag . I thought they would put their product through more rigorous standards of quality , but i see that is not a concern with this vendor .
 I am not happy with Gerber at all . I researched their products and they do not have to list ingredients if below a certain percentage . -LRB- LIKE IF GREEN BEANS WERE MADE ON A CONVEYER OF WHERE RICE WAS MADE AND THE RICE WAS UNDER A CERTAIN AMOUNT TRACED THEY DO NOT LIST IT ON THE INGREDIENTS -RRB- . The beans I did not know have fish oil in it . It is now listed on the product ingredients .
 really disappointment since the way they arrived was horriblei was trying reach them since couple of days no responsei recommend not to go ahead with this product . .
 The AAP says not to make your own green beans , spinach , squash etc. due to the higher levels of nitrates so I thought this product would be great to introduce green beans to my 6 month old . The product contains FISH OIL , so it is not a suitable candidate for a 6 month old or an introductory food for any age . It is also not returnable.While the amazon site lists the product ingredients as green beans and water only , the picture of the product says with DHA . The DHA comes from fish oil . After contacting Amazon to clear up the fact that this was not the product I thought I was ordering , they refunded my money . They offered to send out a new -LRB- replacement -RRB- item , but I think I would get the same mislabeled product . While I was not happy about the trouble this mislabeling caused I think Amazon 's customer service did a great job .
 The real ingredients is not listed by amazon . After buying the product , I found that it contains Tuna oil -LRB- source of DHA -RRB- . This should have been mentioned by Amazon , and they are refusing when I requested refund . Disappointed in Amazon customer service for the first time .
 I am very disappointed that Gerber has added DHA to their green beans . My son used to Love his Gerber Organic Green Beans . I -LRB- unwittingly -RRB- tried feeding him the new formulation with added DHA and he kept refusing it . I did notice that the consistency was different than usual - it had more of a gel like texture to it . And then I read the ingredients and saw that it had added Tuna Oil . !? Today I learned that another of his favorites , Gerber Organic Carrots , now has DHA added to it too . I 'm so frustrated ! Looks like I 'll be making our own baby food now .
 Okay were do I start , how about this may not be a wise source of DHA for your child . Watch a movie called Autism
 Gerber changed the recipe for the worse , this version is n't new and improved . It 's worse I think because of the addition of the tuna oil/DHA . When the weather cools down I 'll hide this in soups and stews as a mystery ingredient . Even the dog wo n't eat it : -LRB-
 The candy we received was not edible . It had long ago expired . We requested a refund , but it never came through . Avoid this vendor .
 So disappointed with this product . Bought it online because I thought it would taste high end homemade . It is going out to the troops in Afghanistan and I wanted them to have a taste of home for the holidays . Unfortunately , I found I could 've saved money and just bought Crunch N ' Munch . This product has a bunch of un-popped kernels per bag ; not randomly -LRB- which would also be bad -RRB- but at least 3 to 4 kernels per bag . I thought they would put their product through more rigorous standards of quality , but i see that is not a concern with this vendor .
 I thought these would just add flavor rather than such a sweet taste . I do n't like sugar in my coffee . Now I have 6 containers that I have to throw away . There used to be a product just like this that just added flavor and did not have all of the artificial sweetners . Not a good thing for someone who does not like sugar in their coffee but if you do it is good .
 The taste is not what I expected - I expected it to taste good and I did n't like the flavor . I mixed it with pesto because I normally use parmesan . It ruined the pesto . Not a big fan of it as a cheese replacement , however , I 'm using it as a nutritional supplement for home-made bread - the flavor does n't come out in the bread . So for nutrition it 's good , but not so good for taste .
 Not sure what all to do with these ... not working that well on popcorn ... surely does not taste like a cheese substitute . Did not dissolve in hot water yet to use as a broth or drink ... maybe that is the way to go but so far , not impressed and will probably NOT buy again .
 I really wanted to like this , but it is just not something I seem to be able to adjust my taste buds to . I had read reviews other omnivores liked it , and it was n't just for vegans or vegetarians , so thought it would be better than it is . The quality of the product seems fine - even flakes and nice color , but oh , the taste is something that ruins oatmeal or anything else I 've tried it in .
 I 've had a few of WP 's coffees before , which were fine . This medium light roast I purchased recently `` Tuscan breakfast '' was undrinkable . Yes , it smelled fresh and robust . Thats where the kind adjectives end . I brewed 2 pots of this acidic , bitter , and harsh beverage that I wouldnt wish on anyone first thing in the morning , before deciding to spare you all the same fate ... A better name might have been `` Industrial Byproduct '' . Of course , some people feel thats what makes a REAL coffee . But if this came to a my table at a restaurant , I would have been , to say the least , dissatisfied.A little side note for those purchasing this or one of the more acceptable blends ... the bag is a nightmare to open . Save yourself the frustration and grab a scissors . Cut the whole top off which seems welded together down to the wire wrap .
 Hurt my tooth . And I was disappointed in the taste . Not enough sugar in it .
 These looked wonderful and were a birthday present for a close friend . When they came the foil was all stuck to the candy . We tried to unwrap a couple and it made a bigger mess with the paper sticking terribly to the candy . In the end we were able to taste the tiniest piece which just made us more disappointed and angry since it was delicious . We would never order these again or do business with this company . And living in Florida was not the problem since we paid BIG prices for the candy and shipping , it was not hot and the package was literally put in our hands from the truck , so it did n't sit outside . Big Big disappointment .
 Kettle corn should have a subtle sugar crunch . This did not . It tasted chemically bitter . I usually read labels , but did not think about it when buying this product . I would never have purchased anything with sucralose . I threw it out .
 This popcorn is sweetened with sucralose . Do a search to read about sucralose . I 'm not eating this or feeding it to my family .
 I know this popcorn is healthy and all but it has very little flavor . I have had much better kettle korn , maybe kettle korn that is not as healthy , but at least I can taste it .
 These are clear hard crystals of salt , not the fluffy grains used on bagels and soft pretzels . They are the type you find on packaged hard pretzels .
 These are clear hard crystals of salt , not the fluffy grains used on bagels and soft pretzels . They are the type you find on packaged hard pretzels .
 The nutritional information on the packages I got do not match what is on the website here . Each bag has 4g of trans fats . Why the discrepancy ? Why do they need to add that to sunflower kernels ?
 I bought some because it was advertised as `` A healthy snack choice ... '' only to find out when it arrived that it has half a gram of trans fat per serving due to its use of a partially hydrogenated oil .
 the product purchased was david sunflower kernels . although the product date was not expired it tasted very stale , rancid . it is my guess this product was subjected to extreme heat or some type of poor storage . i ordered two cases , twenty large bags . we are `` slogging '' our way through it even though it does n't taste fresh . it even smells stale . i doubt i order from you again as a result of this experience . my last order was fine . what happened here ? new supplier ? it is not acceptable product . i do n't understand the difference in quality between these two orders . you wo n't have repeat business if you ship this kind of stale product . i have told friends of my experience . do n't you realize you not only lose my business but the fact that i share my experience with friends and family means they too will not order product that is shipped in this unacceptable condition . it is a hassle to return items . i was willing to make purchases when there were no problems but once this happens I no longer am willing to go through the hassle . It costs money to ship returns . Shame on you.esther jones
 I have a case of 8.5 ounce packages sent to me every-other month.Normally , I am quite satisfied with what I receive.So far every package in this last order - I just opened package # 7 out of 12 - is consistantly sunflower seeed dust . I must have received the packages that were filled with the last of the stuff in the bottom of the bin at the factory.The problem is that because I received one case from one specific packaging period at the factory - they are ALL like that . If I had bought them at a retail store one or two at a time , I probably would have only gotten one or two out of 12 bags of this quality.YUK !
 These are clear hard crystals of salt , not the fluffy grains used on bagels and soft pretzels . They are the type you find on packaged hard pretzels .
 I buy organic cranberry beans in 25-50 lb lots . They are a staple in our household . I had hoped to buy some from Barry Farm , and assumed - from their name - that they grew them . After all , they are a `` farm , '' right ? Understanding that some `` organic '' beans come from China , I thought I would call Barry Farms to confirm the country of origin for their beans . The female who took my call told me that they do n't know where these beans come from since they get them from a distributor -LRB- so much for the `` farm '' in `` Barry Farms '' -RRB- . I asked if she could give me the contact information for the distributor so that I could ask them directly . Her answer
 The micro salt was not really powder . The salt was micro in size but did not have the ability to cling or stay on a food substance when applied . After thinking about it I do n't think it can be changed into real powder form . Other then being really high in cost will stop me from purchasing it again . However I was glad to see this product exist in this form anyway . Thank you .
 The micro salt was not really powder . The salt was micro in size but did not have the ability to cling or stay on a food substance when applied . After thinking about it I do n't think it can be changed into real powder form . Other then being really high in cost will stop me from purchasing it again . However I was glad to see this product exist in this form anyway . Thank you .
 I called Barry Farm and spoke with two women to find out if there is any possible gluten contamination with the beans . Neither knew if the beans could have gluten on them because they are from a supplier and do n't actually grow them . When I asked who the supplier was she rather curtly said , `` I will not give out the names of my suppliers '' . I found that odd , on so many levels , and wondered if her suppliers are in China . A company has never refused to give me their supplier before . The best part was telling me I could wash the gluten off when I rinsed the beans . Due to all the recall mania , I am not willing to gamble my family 's health . Anyone else wondering what they do grow at Barry Farm ? The whole thing left me with the heebie-jeebies .
 The micro salt was not really powder . The salt was micro in size but did not have the ability to cling or stay on a food substance when applied . After thinking about it I do n't think it can be changed into real powder form . Other then being really high in cost will stop me from purchasing it again . However I was glad to see this product exist in this form anyway . Thank you .
 the one i got says `` cleanse '' on the box , I do n't know what it means , but I know that I picked the one that does n't say `` cleanse '' on the box . i 'm all the more angry because that one costs way cheaper . and all the more am i angry because i 'm not going to bother to go through the refund process . plus it took it ages to arrive
 I have no idea what all these reviews for this brand of dieters tea are talking about . I followed the directions nothing happened . Brewed a stronger cup-still nothing.Even measured out the water to 6oz and let the tea bag seep for five minutes-nothing just stronger tasting tea . On the box it tells you not to drink more than 1 cup in a 24 hour period - I drank three the other day not even thinking about it and nothing happened ! Just tasted like cranberry tea and nothing else . Strange .
 I bought this product based off reviews saying it tastes great and I was extremely disappointed . As soon as I started steeping it this smell filled my kitchen -LRB- my daughter even asked what the horrible smell was -RRB- . Sadly , it was this tea . I tried it and it tastes like sweaty socks also . It is so gross . I have tried adding honey , drinking it cold , drinking it hot , etc and they all taste horrible . As far as a diet aid , I do n't think so . I guess if you had a lot of excrement in you , possibly . I even doubled the suggested amount and I still did not anything happen -LRB- and no , I was not on the toilet a lot either -RRB- . All in all , this product was a big thumbs down to me .
 I ordered this product a week ago and I have not recieved it yet . I do n't know where it is . My credit card has been charged and their has been no tea as of yet on my doorstep . I am not happy . I go to the tracking site and it ca n't even tell me where it is . I do n't see a number anywhere to call . I fear I 've been duped .
 though i did not purchase this through amazon , i did get this recently from thw grocery store , and have to admit im really disappointed . i followed the instructions the first evening EXACTLY as instructed with the included paper , and no results . the second day , i brewed just a little longer , still no luck , -LRB- basing this off some other comments from other users here on amazon -RRB- then today i only did 6oz , not 12 as the paper instructs , and even brewed this for 6 minutes . still nothing.i really wanted this to work for me like it has for others , i had heard good things and was so excited , but still no luck . i guess im one of those people this doesnt affect . ill keep trying it daily till i run out , but looks like ill have to try something else.as for taste , its not bad . just tastes like tea leaves , not deliciously fantastic , but not nose-pinchingly undrinkable . good luck to anyone else . hope you have more success with this than i did
 I was so hoping to love this product after reading some of the good reviews , however , these made me so nauseous and sick . i do n't think i can ever drink tea again because of how sick these made me feel . It might have just been a reaction to my system , and my system only ... but i 'm throwing my box away !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! : o -LRB-
 I got the tea fast , and followed the instructions , only drinking 1/2 cup , which had no effect on my system , it taste pretty good though .
 Lovely sentiment , not what was expected , though . Somehow thought the cheese would be in a gift box similar to the one shown , not just stuffed into dismal styrofoam . I 'm not certain what to make of the leaking eplorateur that was rewrapped in some plastic wrap ... hmmm . . wonder if it was shipped out that way or someone had opened the container - it 's below freezing here , so doubt it `` thawed '' en routewill probably go out for dinner or to the jeweler next year
 No preservatives , no MSG , also NO flavor , and NO spice ! It was like eating plain ramen without any seasoning at all . If you 're a vegan and you 're looking for vegan snack foods , look somewhere else . This is n't worth the money .
 I would rather eat sticks or leaves from my yard . The noodles are awful , the broth is typical ramen broth . I bought a three cases of these because Nissin Choice ramen was discontinued at the supermarket and I wanted something a little more healthy because I eat ramen for breakfast often.I told my four coworkers I was going to throw out all the ramen and they all tried a packet . They all agreed it was the worst ramen they had ever tasted by far and would n't take it for free . I think I am going to donate it to the food bank , pity the homeless .
 This is an awful product . It leaves sand in your food and bottom of cooking pans after boiling something . Why there are so many ` excellent ' reviews leaves me wondering ... Who 's really behind these reviews ? Granted it may be `` Natural & Organic '' but so is dirt . I do not think there are THAT many folks who love to eat grit !
 I have enjoyed Zatarain 's products and , therefore ordered a number of boxes of dirty rice and cheese via Amazon 's Subscribe and Save process . My problem is the items received expire in like 108 days -LRB- 12 boxes -RRB- . I have purchased items at local stores and the best by date are almost always at least year in advance . This shipment appears to be at the very tail end of the cycle - the items are clumpy and appear to have been sitting around in a warehouse for a long time -LRB- obviously -RRB- . Ok got ta run and eat some before the expiration date !
 I 'm hoping this tastes better over time . There is definitely a metallic aftertaste . It is strong . Like `` maybe I just ingested something I should n't have '' strong . The effect is lessened when combined with other spices . I used a no salt blend -LRB- Kirkland brand -RRB- and added Nu Salt to give the blend a little more salty flavor . It worked OK , but not as tasty as I had hoped . I 'll likely try out other similar products . If they all taste like this , then I 'll just use it sparingly with heavy doses of other spices . It is definitely worth it to try to find tasty lower sodium options . Salt kills .
 This product was used in our hospital and had to be pulled.If you have poor renal clearance or suseptable to retaining Potassium you could have heart failure and die . I have seen this almost take 1 persons life before it was realized it was the Nu-Salt .
 I bought it for my father who just came out of rehab after stroke . Doctor told us to eliminate solt from his diet as much as we can . So I ordered Nu-Salt . This product does not even taste like salt , it tastes like an iron , very strange and unpleasant taste . People , please DO NOT buy a whole 12 pack before you taste it . I 'm actually pretty amazed that people leave good feedbacks for this product which is in my case totally oposite . Try to use lemon , lime or maybe different type of salt replacement but not Nu-Salt .
 Great to replace for cooking and sprinkling for those with hypertension -LRB- high blood pressure -RRB- since it has no sodium , but the taste/aftertaste will not be well received by all . Worth a try though .
 I bought this at the health food store , and I guess I could get used to the bitter aftertaste that , as one other reviewer says , ends up in your throat , but I should have read the ingredients more closely . Even if I liked the taste , I could n't use it because of that last ingredient `` natural flavor '' . Not sure if you 're aware , but that 's one of the many aliases of Mono-sodium Glutamate , as in `` Accent '' , and is a flavor enhancer . Many people have no known sensitivities to MSG , but I 'm a lifelong migraine sufferer and have to keep an eye out for it because it 's poison to my system .
 I have no idea who is submitting the 5 * reviews here , but they lost their taste buds years ago.This stuff tastes nothing like salt . It has a horrible bitter after-taste that lingers in your mouth ruining anything it touches.Try it at a restaurant or something before buying it . It even nauseates in cooking or in recipes requiring any significant amount of salt.If you are on a salt free diet , find something else . Yuk ! With a capital Yuk !! ============= UPDATE ===================== I have found one use for this . In cooking , with tomato sauce , if you mix it with real salt , you need much less salt . The tomato sauce appears to nullify the bitterness somehow . So , if you like pasta with sauce but have to cut down on salt intake , perhaps this is the answer for that.But it is NO salt shaker for the table .
 You should not use potassium chloride if you have kidney failure , Addison 's disease , severe burns or other tissue injury , if you are dehydrated , if you take certain diuretics -LRB- water pills -RRB- , or if you have high levels of potassium in your blood -LRB- hyperkalemia -RRB- . Potassium chloride may be harmful to an unborn baby . Tell your doctor if you are pregnant or plan to become pregnant . Serious side effects of potassium include uneven heartbeat , muscle weakness or limp feeling , severe stomach pain , and numbness or tingling in your hands , feet , or mouth.In addition to all this scary information ... product tastes horrible . Like something that is not intended for human consumption . Its bitter with a definate ` bite ' and aftertaste . I would not expect anyone to use this product regardless of their health ... it 's that bad !
 I have little luck with this seed and am very disappointed . I have tried several batches and get 10-15 % yield from them . I do not know if the is old seed or what the problem is . Wheatgrass will usually grow no matter what so I got ta believe the seed is not optimal . Very expensive waste of time and money for me = -LRB-
 I am new to growing wheatgrass & am very glad this was not the brand I tried first . I had been using some from healthy-eating and was quite happy with it -LRB- the only other brand I 've tried so far -RRB- but decided to try this one because it is about half the price . Wish I had only bought 10 lbs . instead of 25 . The grass here is very slow to grow and sparse and patchy .
 These looked wonderful and were a birthday present for a close friend . When they came the foil was all stuck to the candy . We tried to unwrap a couple and it made a bigger mess with the paper sticking terribly to the candy . In the end we were able to taste the tiniest piece which just made us more disappointed and angry since it was delicious . We would never order these again or do business with this company . And living in Florida was not the problem since we paid BIG prices for the candy and shipping , it was not hot and the package was literally put in our hands from the truck , so it did n't sit outside . Big Big disappointment .
 These are pretty bad . I had tried the mild cheddar variety and liked those quite a bit , so I bought 12 packs of each . I opened a bag of the white cheddar and was amazed at how unpleasant they tasted -LRB- did n't taste white cheddar -RRB- - now I 'm stuck with 11 bags ! I 'll sell them to you half price !!
 Just like my title says , it worked just as it 's supposed to until it suddenly stopped working . I am ordering both 64 oz bottle and a small squeeze bottle so I could keep refilling small squeeze bottle with the big bottle .
 Never buy this ; it worked about 1 week . I will never buy that again . I ca n't find another similar pump yet .
 I had thought this would be full of dried fruits and nuts -LRB- in other words , healthful -RRB- but it 's really just sugar laddened bits of hard fruits and only flavorless peanut pieces . I have given the local food bank all but the one package I opened which made me feel so unwell that it 's now in the rubbish . I am truly very disappointed in this product . It 's description belies it 's reality . If sugar is contraindicated in your diet ... steer clear of this product !! It 's low in salt and low in fat but so over sugared as to be actually nauseating . It 's too bad because it sounded delicious and so nutritious . All I can say is YUK !!! I suggest you leave this product alone unless you think high sugar is good for you .
 These types of fruit mixes live or die on the basis of how well the flavors in the package complement one another . The best of these kinds of things mix sweet fruit with sour or salty or chocolate or something else.Not this one . It 's just cloyingly sweet on top of cloyingly sweet . There are several types of dried fruit in the bag , but there 's so much added suger they all taste the same . Basically , everything is a little sweeter than normal raisins . This may appeal to the kids in your house , but the adults will want to approach this stuff with caution . You might be able to make this stuff edible by mixing it yourself with other -LRB- less sweet -RRB- things , but taken as-is you 'll probably consider this mix to be almost inedible in anything but modest amounts .
 Cha Cha Mix is definitely tasty , but do n't buy it in bulk here because it turns rancid and you ca n't return food to Amazon . The first few bags were super but bag five , which was still in code , tasted nasty , as did bag six . I did n't open any more and contacted Harmony and they sent me a coupon for a free bag but that does n't make up for the eight yucky ones I 'm stuck with .
 It as stale as it can get ! Shredded Paper with someSeasoning salt would taste better !
 Looks white and fluffy no dyes , but leaves your hands greasy . Is more calories than Act II .
 Why is it that every single time I purchase Redenbacher popcorn through Amazon , it 's stale ? It took me 3 tries to figure it out , but I wo n't be ordering it from them again .
 THIS PRODUCT WAS SENT WITH A SHORT SHELF LIFE AND I FELT IT WAS SNEAKY AND UNDER-HANDED , WO N'T PURCHASE FROM THEM EVER AGAIN !!!!!!!!
 When you read the -LRB- Klassic 3 Seed -RRB- ingredients , you ca n't dispute that this cracker is probably healthy ... . but only if you can get it down . This has got to be one of the hardest , tasteless things I 've ever eaten . I even tried this with different spreads . Eating healthy does not mean you have to sacrafice taste . I do n't know who wrote the first couple of reviews but I 'm convinced they must be associated with the manufacturer . Do yourself a favor ... keep shopping . There are many other good tasting and good for you things out there to spend your money on . Hope my honestly helped .
 I actually tried this stuff , and I ca n't really recommend it in good faith . It looks good in the bottle , but no cigar . It tasted like grocery pork and beans .
 Elevages Perigord is a company that promotes cruelty towards defenseless animals . They torture and inhumanly treat animals . Please do your research about them if you are thinking of buying any of their products.Amazon , I will not shop your site until products from this company are discontinued .
 Please consider whether you want to buy and consume something that was created in an inhumane way . There is no humane way to create a product like this .
 This is not worth buying . Save your money they taste like you are chewing on a piece of cardboard and tasted like it too . Flavorless
 Like the other Doctor Kracker Snack I reviewed they are as hard as a rock . Reminds me of pasteboard with cheese flavoring .
 I ordered these and got tired of them quick . I love healthy snacks but these lacked flavor and were almost too hard and crunchy to chew . I ate them with hummus which was ok , but when I tried to eat them plain , I could n't even get through one little pouch . Great concept but needs more spices to make them tastier and more flavorful . I am dissapointed that I wasted my money because I still have almost all of the packages sitting in my cupboard and I probably wo n't eat them . My dog likes them though , so maybe they will become his treats for awhile so I do n't feel guilty about throwing them away .
 well , they do n't taste like anything ... and they 're really hard to bite into - not crispy , just really hard . If you 're a sailor from the eighteenth to ninteenth century and you 're used to `` ship 's biscuit '' , then I 'm sure you will love these as they 've got more protein and better taste , and are also in nice sealed packages -LRB- no weavils ! -RRB- They remind me of Woody Allen 's line , `` I could make a lot of money selling these in a health food store . `` I went for these because of all the rave reviews , and I am now dissapointed . I guess I can feed these to my boyfriend ... he might eat them if he 's really hungry and there 's nothing else .
 I 've never asked Amazon for a refund . This was a first . I read the reviews . All gave high ratings . My experience differs . Yes , the cashews are jumbo , in fact they 're huge . However , they lacked flavor and many had a harder , more brittle texture then I 'm use too . Oh well back to Planters .
 Was expecting much better quality . A slightly stale taste with a minimum amount of sprayed on salt . Very disappointed with the nuts . If it was n't such a hassle I would try for a refund .
 Exactly what I wanted , will reorder when I run out . Came fresh and makes the best tea . Thank you very much . .
 Izze sparkling juices are generally pretty good . This one , unfortunately , is not . All I can taste in it is apple juice .
 I purchased this based on the good reviews I read from others . I like a nice strong cup of coffee , but after drinking this I am now aware that there is a whole other level to `` strong coffee '' ! I know this may not sound too pleasant , but the only way I can describe the flavor is that it taste like the bottom of an ashtray . No , I 've never tasted an ashtray ! But if one could imagine what an ashtray taste like , it would be this coffee . I know all those who gave this rave reviews probably want to shoot me , but I think it is only fair that anyone contemplating this magic extra bold coffee , needs to be prepared for possible disappointment . Since we had a whole box to use up , we tried making it several ways - larger cup size , to help weaken it , flavors , extra cream & sugar ... no matter what we did , we could not get that bitter flavor off our tongues ! : -LRB-
 I ordered this as a Christmas gift on 12/13 . On 12/19 I received an email that they canceled my order , the end . No explanation , nothing . -LRB- Other than my card would not be charged -RRB- I had to pay expedited shipping somewhere else to get a gift delivered by Christmas . Extremely unprofessional business practice to wait so long on the notification of cancellation .
 That 's what my mother said , and she does n't even like strong coffee ! We got her a Keurig machine for Christmas , and so far have had fun trying the various K-Cups . Mom is leaning towards Wake-Up Call as an everyday coffee , and my wife and I -LRB- who drink Jeremiah 's Pick Fogbuster or Longbottom Black Gold as our morning cup -RRB- think that 's good , too . So , to keep this short , Nantucket Blend does n't taste bad , it just does n't have much flavor . If you like your coffee very mild/weak , you might love it . If you like stronger , bolder , darker blends , forget about it .
 I would n't consider myself a coffee connoisseur , but I do know what I like and this is not it . I found this coffee weak and watery . I ran it in the smallest cup size that my machine makes and it was still weak.I will admit that the flavor was n't bad , but there just was n't enough of it . It tasted like I got a half packed cup . This was one that came as a sample with my Keurig system . I normally prefer French Roast , Sumatran Reserve , Dark Magic - you know something with a kick . But even the Breakfast Blend that I purchased had more flavor . Suffice to say this should be very low on your list if you want something that has a reasonable volume of flavor .
 I 'm a strong coffee drinker and thought to myself that a French Roast is a bold coffee . Well , I did n't find this to be very `` bold '' so I ca n't rate it well according to my taste for coffee.If you like strong coffee like we do - consider these :1 . Timothy 's Midnight Magic -- > BY FAR my favorite ! 2 . Green Mountain Dark Magic3 . Emeril 's Extra BoldThat being said , some people do n't like the strong taste of coffee so take my advice only if you are a strong coffee drinker .
 We love Hazlenut coffee , so we figured that the Gloria Jean version would be great . Boy , were we wrong ... . This was the weakest coffee -LRB- really slightly tinted brown water -RRB- that we have ever tried . After the first K-cup , we tried , the coffee was so weak , I thought that I had done something wrong . And the coffee tasted like hot water . So I made a second cup and watched the coffee as it came out of the Keurig . The last half of the brew was just clear water ... . Terrible.So I grabbed a Green Mountain K-Cup and shook it . I could hear the coffee moving around inside and felt the weight compared the Gloria Jean . No comparison , The Gloria Jean was as light as a feather.We packed up the rest of the box and sent it back . I do n't know what to make of this . Maybe we got a bad batch .
 How do you expect to get to someone 's liking if you do not even know how to spell their name , it is COLOMBIAN , not columbian -LRB- unless it is from Columbia , NY -RRB- :-RRB- ...
 I was very disappointed in this coffee from Van Houtte . It was weak , when it claimed to be bold . I had to add instant coffee to render it drinkable .
 I could certainly go on for more than 20 words about how much I hated this coffee . Fortunately I did n't pay for it because it came with my machine as a sampler . Yuck ! It does n't taste like good coffee and it does n't taste like French Vanilla . Point blank I could n't even finish the cup and had to pour it down the drain . The aftertaste is even worse . I do n't understand how anyone could give this a positive review but I guess it 's all a matter of individual preference .
 I love vanilla flavored coffee , it 's just simple and delicious . I was really excited to try this one , I thought it was going to be my favorite . But it has zero vanilla flavor ! I ca n't even taste a hint of vanilla ! It just tastes like weak coffee . I was really disappointed . If someone could recommend a better vanilla coffee I would appreciate it !
 I do love my Keurig coffee machine , and have sampled a wide variety of coffee flavors they offer . This one is NOT one of my favorites . It 's acidic , and that overpowers the vanilla and coffee flavors . You can do much better . The two best I 've tried so far are Green Mountain Wild Mountain Blueberry and Gloria Jean 's Mudslide -LRB- chocolatey -RRB- . If vanilla is your favorite flavor , I would try the Green Mountain or Gloria Jean version , or one of the others .
 I love French vanilla coffee and was looking forward to this . It turned out to be a huge disappointment because all I could taste was the milk I put in the coffee.When you read reviews of the Keurig coffee makers , people recommend using bolder , darker roasts . The Van Houtte French Vanilla is a light roast so I obviously knew it was n't going to be strong . But to be devoid of any flavor is not acceptable . When I made the coffee this morning , I even paused the Keurig during the brew cycle to wet the grounds better in order to produce a more flavorful cup . I also used the 8 oz setting rather than the 10 oz setting on my machine . None of this had any effect . The coffee pouring into my cup was a nice , rich color but there was no coffee or vanilla aroma emanating from it.In this case , I honestly do n't understand the positive reviews on this product . I actually like light roasts but this is the first time I 've had one that left me wondering where the coffee and the vanilla flavor was .
 Lurid ... weak , chemical tasting all describes this K-Cup . French Vanilla is not the best flavor but Van Houttes makes it seem like the worst . If you like weak , chem-tasting coffee then you will love this !
 Not as impressed with brand of coffee . It was very weak with the flavor . I would recommend the Green Mountain French Vanilla .
 I received two of these in a sampler package I had ordered through Keurig.com I made one cup , added my Coffeemate and Splenda ... and ... EWW ! It was so bad I poured the rest down the sink and threw away the other K-Cup . I will not be ordering this variety EVER .
 I bought these k-cups at the store to try out in my Keurig single cup coffee maker , they are horrible . Absolutely no french vanilla taste at all , it 's not just a weak taste , there is NO TASTE ! And to make sure it was n't just my taste buds , I made several more cups -LRB- using 1 k-cup per mug of coffee of course -RRB- for family members to see if they could guess what flavor it was , none of them knew and when I told them it was french vanilla , they were of course surprised since you ca n't taste anything at all.I will never buy Van Houtte again , what a waste of money .
 I bought this popcorn without reading the ingredients . I never would have guessed that it would contain artificial sweetener . I made a bag , and soon had a funny aftertaste in my mouth . A familiar aftertaste . Sucralose ! Who would expect to find that in a non `` diet '' popcorn ! WHY ??? They ruined it . It went in the trash . We do n't like the taste of artificial sweeteners and we do n't like the fact that one 's body does n't know what to do with them .
 An unhappy surprise - from now on I will be reading the ingredients label for kettle korn . A little bit about my palette
 Real kettle popcorn is sweetened with sugar and is a real tasty snack.Unfortunately sugar burns in the microwave so Orville Redenbacher -LRB- ConAgra Foods -RRB- have sweetened this with sucralose.Sucralose is definitely something I would n't give to my kid . Read all about it online .
 I bought three boxes of the Kettle Korn -LRB- `` Slightly Swee & Slightly Salty '' -RRB- flavor at my local grocery store . Nobody in my family likes this flavor at all . It 's actually going into the trash , that 's how bad it tastes.Our tastes may be different than yours , so go ahead and try it . Just do n't buy a lot of it without trying it first .
 This is not Sanders butterscotch ... it is Caramel.Sanders had a classic butterscotch that was featured on a cake , cupcakes and other confectionery delights .
 I have searched high and low for cotton candy flavoring to make cotton candy ice cream . well I happened upon this product and ordered it . When it finally arrived I tried it out in some vanilla ice cream and vanilla yogurt . It tastes nothing like cotton candy and does n't even have a candy like flavor to it ... more of a strawberry . It is horrible and I am very upset since there is no returns on grocery items . If you are looking for cotton candy flavoring that tastes like real cotton candy or cold stone ice cream this is not the product , it is a big let down !!
 I love these suckers but half were broken and I could n't use them . I was n't able to complete my classroom project with my students .
 There is nothing fluffy about this product but the box appears to have a picture on the top that seems to advertise that way . These are hard candy lollipops ! I had wanted cotton candy fluffy lollipops . They also arrived with about 12 broken or cracked of the 48 in the box and likely came that way from the manufacturer . Fortunately I only needed 33 for a classroom . . but I would never order these again .
 the tea buscuits expired in june 2009 . they are stale . the absolute never trust these people . they will not let you return the product or replace with ones that havnt expired . do not ever do business with this person or company
 This is really spicy hot stuff , had to rinse meat after using . NEVER HAD CHILI POWDER THIS HOT BEFORE !!!!!!! CAUTION
 NANA 's GOURMET COOKIE SAMPLER - 2.25 Pounds of JUMBO COOKIES ! Available in FATHER 'S DAY , BIRTHDAY & All-Occasion Themes.These cookies arrived at my home on time , but were stale and broken . A disappointment since they were to have been a gift . I would not purchase them again .
 These cookies were just okay but I would n't buy them again . There are better tasting prepackaged less expensive sugar free cookies in the grocery store .
 This is made in Spain and not in England . You can buy the in the Indian / Asian grocery for $ 6.99 .
 Hi . . I purchased Nestle Cerelac Wheat 400g England . . But it 's made in Spain !! Not from England !!
 Earth 's best organic food are wonderful if you 're on the go and did n't have time to make your baby 's food.The food that was shipped expires in two months ! Since it was a good price , I thought I would stock up . If I knew this , I would not have purchased it ! The baby food that i purchased last week at our local Whole Foods Market expires in two years.Now i 'm stuck with 48 jars of pears that will expire in two months .
 Earth 's Best makes good baby food that my child likes . However , I am rating their product here as it is available through Amazon . I 'm very disappointed , like the other reviewer said , about the very short expiration date.A few days before I ordered this , the page said it was n't in stock and that it would be available Sept. 15th . I ordered on the 15th , and it arrived on the 17th as promised with the free 2-day shipping . My case was supposedly the restocked pears , but the expiration date is Nov 09 . New stock should n't have an expiration date that is only 2 months away , even if it is on sale ! In the grocery store , the expiration date usually is 1 or 2 years away .
 The package did not appear damaged , but it was obviously not packed correctly . I opened up a mess of rancid baby food , with three jars that had been smashed during transit .
 These cookies taste like those health fiber cookies and not really that good , they dont contain alot of nuts or flavor , I purchased this flavor and the banana nut flavor . . honestly they both taste identical . I canceiled my subscription for them . but my wife says `` when she needs fiber she will eat 1 '' ... I just replied `` LOL go for it '' .
 I really would n't recommend these to my friends . I was really looking for something that actually tasted like a chocolate chococolate chip cookie . Just did n't like them ... Sorry
 DId not like the chocolate oatmeal raisin . wasnt very tasty . It is filling and wholesome but I would not buy again at this price .
 Amazon needs to start checking expiration dates on food products . On my last order of Erin Baker 's cookies , both kinds of cookies I ordered were past the pull dates . And being the kind of person that does n't check these kind of things , I did n't notice until my wife pointed it out after I had ate half of them.I 'll be looking from now on , though !
 Has neither a strong chocolate nor raisin flavor . A little bland for me and does n't fill me up yet is a lot of carbs for one serving .
 I realize the description is not always what you get , but this is extreme . This is nothing more than shredded coconut that can be purchased at many grocery stores .
 I bought this to make coconut milk for my coffee . But it does n't turn into milk , even in a blender . The bits are too big - made me choke on my coffee . Will never reorder .
 I expected powder not little bits that get stuck in my teeth and give my smoothie a grainy texture.Also not much cocnut flavor .
 I bought this to save a little money compared to Villa Manodori which is a spectacular balsamic but expensive . The Elsa was runny and bitter and tastes not much better than very inexpensive store bought balsamic . With the Manodori you only need a few drops . It is wonderfully sweet and aromatic ... nothing else like it .
 I purchased their 6 year old balsamic and it had that cancer causing caramel coloring in it so when you pay 10 times the price of something I could have bought at a local store and it has the same unhealthy ingredients in it , it does n't make me want to chance purchasing a more expensive item from the same company . I could have bought 32 two liter bottles of Wal Mart cola for the amount I paid for one bottle of their 6 year old balsamic if I wanted to buy something with this cancer causing ingredient in it .
 I got these in an effort to combat the combination of morning sickness & carsickness on a two-day bus ride I was taking . I really wanted to like them , but the taste was absolutely awful . If you 're thinking ginger flavor like ginger ale , this is n't even close . They were spicy and bitter and just plain icky - I tried twice , but could n't keep one in my mouth longer than about 45 seconds . Bummed that I wasted the money on these , I could have bought Preggie Pops instead for the same price - and they actually taste good !! Would recommend ginger root capsules instead .
 These candies taste okay , and helped with morning sickness a very tiny amount ... but the ones I received were long since EXPIRED ! ... Why would anyone be selling expired candy on Amazon ?! Maybe if they were FRESH they 'd have tasted better and worked better too .
 I bought these while I was pregnant because I was having terrible morning sickness . Me thinking I was getting something I could actually take was very wrong . These are not what I would call `` candy '' They are very spicy when you put them in your mouth . I did not have more then 2 before they went in the trash . I would rather have morning sickness then eat these .
 Well , I tried them but did not enjoy them . I like gingerale but I guess I do n't like ginger candies . If you like ginger you may enjoy these .
 If you want to completely waste your money on a product that absolutely has no detectable taste of ginger in it . . Well than this is the product for you . . The Company should of called this product Bruce 's Yams Sweet Potato bites ... Because that all it taste like ... It taste like a Sweet Potato losenge ... if such a thing would ever exist ... WHERE IS THE GINGER !! . . What a joke of a product ...
 These tasted so gross to me . :-LRB- Yuck . These were supposed to help with nausea ... not cause it . I do not recommend this product .
 I am a `` dyed in the wool '' ginger-lover and looked forward to a veritable explosion of hot , spicy , tangy ginger in my salivating mouth.Bummer ... what was delivered was a somewhat honey-flavored confection ... that was merely bland in its intention . Disappointing in demeanor ... exhorbitant in cost .
 Basically , they worked while I was sucking on one . But it felt like a jolly rancher or especially sour apple rings worked the same if not better ... I dont think anything would of worked for me at that time in my life . Maybe for mild nausea this product would be better but not for severe nausea .
 I hated this for my morning sickness , too sweet , made me even sicker . no thank you ! I would recommend the Preggy Pops
 I had a severe case of nausea/vomiting with my pregnancy , and these did n't make a bit of difference . So if you are like me , do n't expect this to be a miracle worker ... go to your OBGYN instead so they can help .
 These are the oiliest kippers I have ever eaten . I have a hard time digesting oil and these actually made me ill . They tasted OK but not worth the oil .
 Having grown up in London and being very familiar with Shepherds Pie , I thought it would be convenient to use this mix and , as it was produced in England , anticipated that it would be a good product . I was wrong and very disappointed . Even though I added vegetables to the mix , it remained bland and flavorless . It needs a lot of work to make it tasty and , that being the case , you might as well cook it from scratch - it 's not that difficult .
 Well I guess its back to Sams Club cuz they are $ 2.00 cheaper . Got ta go with the good prices . Knew this could n't last forever .
 I used to order this all the time when it was $ 27.99 . With the free shipping , it was a great deal . Now that it 's $ 30.99 , I will go to Costco and spend $ 2.00 less . It adds up !
 I really love Enfamil , as its the only formula that my preemie daughter would except . I was sooooo excited to see that Amazon had the 38oz cans for only $ 27.99 each , so I ordered several so I would n't run out . The next time I went to purchase more , I noticed -LRB- after paying -RRB- that the price went up $ 3 per can . My local Sam 's Club now sells the 38oz cans for about $ 1.50 LESS . I 'm very disapointed in Amazon . Sam 's has won my baby business .
 Wow ! $ 30.99 / 38 oz . = $ .82 per ounce . and that is without and freight.Our local Sam 's warehouse has it for $ .60 and that ca n't beat the Sam 's brand for $ .40 per ounce . All nutritional percentages are nearly equal to leading brands.Bottom line
 Amazon has increased cost of this item by 2-3 $ and this items is available less than $ 29 in the wholesale stores . Cost is star 1 , even though the quality of item is very good .
 I have brought similar products from amazon which arrived in good shape , but my last purchase the product was delivered in bad shape , the can was broken and the powder -LRB- Formula -RRB- was spilt all over the package and had to throw it away.Hopefully , this does not happen again .
 This is an excellent product but the price is way too high . Costco is $ 3 cheaper . It is even mark as clearance , how can clearance be so expensive .
 This was a fantastic find on Amazon for the price and free delivery - and no longer available -- what happend ?!?
 I used to buy this formula in bulk when it was available because of the free shipping and the fact that it was frequently out of stock . It 's a shame that the price has gone up . It 's $ 3.00 cheaper at Costco .
 This used to be a good deal at 27.99 until they jacked up the price .
 Sam 's Club and Costco offer this exact same product for around $ 29 . I heard so much about this product being cheaper on Amazon , but it was unavailable for so long , and now that it is available it 's more pricier than the club stores .
 The formula is really good and 5 stars ... however , the price is way too high for me to purchase it on here any longer . I can go to Sams and buy it for a lot cheaper and will do so until the prices go back down !!!
 Formula , 5 stars ! New price , 1 star ! Like the rest , off to Costco .
 The info states is a manufacturer discontinued item . Although it my be exactly what we see on shelves it may be nearing its exp date . The label in the pic is the old one -LRB- new ones are shinny gold -RRB- . Sams has it for $ 29.38 plus tax so it 's probably a wash when you compare Amazon 's sales tax savings -LRB- you do declare this on your State tax form . . right ! -RRB- and free shipping .
 I received the shipment of 3 cans from the vendor , all cans are damaged at certain degrees around the top and bottom edges . I am not quite sure whether they are contaminated or not and therefore plan to return them.This is the second time I received bad items from this vendor and will be the last time.The product is very good , my babies love it .
 Advert states that you will recieve a `` Case of 12 '' - I received 1 box of 20 bags . The advert also states that you are getting `` 90 % Off '' - I do n't know of ANYONE that would pay $ 90 for one box of 20 tea bags . The statement in this case rings true , `` If it sounds too good to be true , it probably is ! '' Even after contacting the seller , I received NO reply . Shady business practices and this seller should be avoided .
 I had purchased Va. . Diner Peanuts a number of times before and loved them . These were as crispy as before but had no taste . The family was very surprised and disappointed . I do n't know what happened over at VD , but we wo n't buy these `` premium '' legumes again .
 If you enjoy Virginia peanuts , then this is not for you . The nuts are small , broken the majority of times and just not good . These are clearly ` seconds ' that they would not include in their regular product . If you want a quality product , skip Virginia Diner and buy Royal Oak or The Peanut Shop of Williamsburg products .
 Unbleached flour should be no more then $ 0.50 per pound.Walmart sells gold medal brand for 2.38 per 5 pound bag .
 I love cooking with major grey chutney and a hint of ginger , but this brand has way too much ginger . The ginger makes it very bitter and overpowering .
 This used to be one of our favorite soups . Taste/quality has gone in the wrong direction , and so we will not purchase again . Gave away the remaining 11 cans of the pack to a food drive at our church along with some other items which had a much more favorable flavor .
 One of the main reasons I used to have for going to Costco was the delicious tomato bisque they used to have . It was a Kirkland-Campbell Tomato Bisque and I would buy it by the dozens . Unfortunately , I ca n't find it there any more . Checked two stores already , none to be found . So I tried Amazon and the closest match I could find . But it has very little to do with the bisque I loved so much . Now I am stuck with 11 cans I have no use for . Any suggestions ?
 I really do like my Senseo coffee maker . I , like others who have reviewed the Kona Pods here , was always searching for a better tasting coffee pod to use in the machine . I was excited to see that Kona now made pods and was also happy to see that they had a pod that was a ' 2 cup style ' . I have not found it to be a huge deal to use 2 smaller ' 1 cup ' size pods , but it sounded nice to be able to just put one large pod in the machine instead of 2 smaller one.After reading some of the reviews here , I could not figure out what some of the reviewers meant by the Kona pods making different amount of coffee per cup each time or how the coffee could be strange and undrinkable . It just did n't make sense . Well , it still does n't make sense , but it certainly happened with the coffee I made using the Kona pods also.My results were overall poor and it was very disappointing as the Kona pods cost a lot more than Folgers or other pod brands that I can buy locally . The first thing I noticed was that the coffee in the 2 cup sized Kona pods is packed in much more tightly than in any other pod I have ever used in my Senseo . The instructions for the Kona pods say to wiggle the pods to break up the coffee before inserting into the machine . The Kona pods feel very hard when taken out of their package . I always wiggled and jiggled the pods for about 10 seconds before putting them in the Senseo . After my problems with the Kona pods , my husband decided that I was not ` wiggling ' them enough . He promptly wiggled one to the point that it broke open . So , there is just so much that can be done to the pod before putting it in the machine.The first thing that I noticed was that the amount of coffee brewed when using the Kona pod was quite a bit less than when using 2 smaller pods . That did not make much sense , but after several cups of Kona , it was obvious that there was never the amount of coffee coming out as before when using 2 small one cup pods . The best I can figure out is that the Kona pods themselves seem to ` hold ' a lot more water . There is more water that remains in the pod itself after the brewing is done . The pod itself is heavier when I take it out to throw it away . So , I believe the reason that there is less actual coffee using Kona pods is that the pods themselves retain a lot more water and it can not pass through into the coffee cup.Then , as others have mentioned , there is the problem that happens to me about 1/2 the time when using the Kona pods . The problem is that for whatever reason , the water does not actually go through and penetrate the Kona pods during the brewing cycle . The ` coffee ' that is supposed to be coming out of the spout is just water ! This problem is one that I still can not really figure out . The Kona pods are a little smaller in diameter than all the other pods I have tried . So , I guess that somehow the water has enough room to ` go around ' the actual pod and come out of the spout without ` going through ' the pod to brew coffee . I also wonder if the paper filter of the Kona pods is different than other pods and for some reason the Kona paper is more difficult for water to penetrate . I have tried wetting the Kona pod paper filter right before starting to brew the coffee thinking that perhaps it would help the water to penetrate the paper and pod . But , that has not worked for me.So , it is back to regular more reasonably priced coffee pods for me . I have wasted too many expensive Kona pods trying to get a proper cup of coffee from them . Even when the Kona pods brew a cup of coffee , it is not as large of an amount of coffee as I get using other brands . So , adding the cost of the Kona pods to the fact that it brews a smaller amount of coffee equals a product that is way too expensive when it does actually work.I have been reading of a product called an EcoPod . It is a refillable pod for these type of coffeemakers . It might be the next thing I try .
 Echoing other reviews , performance is not consistant . One time we did get excellent coffee , this morning it jammed the Senseo machine with a steam lock and there is not telling when we will be able to re-open it . Considering the price of these pods , even only one bad pod makes it impossible to recommend the product .
 I was thrilled to find Kona coffee in pods for my Senseo machine . However , these pods do not really fit right . Consequently , sometimes you get a full cup that is mostly water -- then you might get half a cup . There is NO consistency in how much coffee will actually come out -- or how strong/weak the coffee will be . I ca n't tell if it 's manufacturing irregularities or whether the pods are just poorly designed . In any event , only about one in five pods actually produces a drinkable full cup of coffee . I emailed Aloha Island Coffee Company with my concerns and asking for advice , but have not yet received an answer after two weeks.I 'm going back the the Douwe Egberts pods -- at least they are consistent and A LOT less expensive .
 I have to agree with the guy who complained about consistency . I have wasted two very expensive pods so far . The first time I used a Kona pod the machine jammed and I could not open it for 24 hours , -LRB- caused a steam lock -RRB- , about 5 tablespoons of undrinkable crap came out of my senseo . The next time I tried a Kona pod I got a quarter amount of what should have been a two cup try . I am not very impressed so far . I am now afraid to try again .
 I had really high hopes for this brand . I used to use Thai Kitchen Green Curry Paste -LRB- check my review of it -RRB- but they changed something so I 've been on the look-out for a substitute . This had great reviews and a decent price so of course I gave it a try . I 've only used it once , but it was MEGA-salty . Now , I 'm a person who puts salt on bacon . It 's actually rare that I think something is too salty . I also made it with boxed chicken broth so maybe that added salt put it over the top?I 'm gon na try this again soon using less paste and a reduced - or no-sodium broth to see if maybe that reduces the saltiness . I 'll write a follow-up at that point . I REALLY want this to work !!
 Many people are unnecessarily intimidated when it comes to making curry paste . I am always disappointed by the people who are impressed with the taste of curry paste manufactured between 6 months and 18 months ago . Its not hard to find the fresh ingredients and make it fresh . It takes me less than 15 minutes to make something that is far superior in taste and nutrition to this product . This product is widely used in Thai restaurants where the cooks do n't want to cook , and do n't want to invest the time in training workers who change restaurants every 6 months ... they just want to hire untrained laborers who can open cans and scoop pre-made mixes out of containers . It takes a bit of time and practice to make curry paste , but do it a few and you can master the art of working with the spices . You will never go back to the cheap , low quality substitutes used in most Thai restaurants and sold in Asian grocery store . If you want the real thing , learn to make it or find a restaurant to support that makes their pastes from scratch .
 Beware ! Item in pic is Mutti DOUBLE CONCENTRATE tomato paste , but that is not what will be shipped to you . You will receive Mutti tomato paste ... not DOUBLE CONCENTRATE . Very deceiving and disappointing .
 Nasty !!! I bought other Oskri bars that I really like . I took a couple of bites of this one and I thought that I was going to throw up . I had to get a napkin and spit it out . I have 17 of them left if anyone want them and want to pay the postage they can have them -- just that bad.What made the matter even worse was that Amazon do n't refund on this item . I will have to go to Oskri and ask for a return.This is the first time that I have been unhappy with my order from Amazon . I thought that if it was comming from amazon then I thought you could return it to them . I thought if you ordered from a merchant that send the product to you , that you have to return it to them and I understood that however these are awful . I f they would have let me do no stars I would have . All I can say is yuck
 it 's very dry and super sweet -LRB- sugar taste not the natural dates taste -RRB- . i had to pitch most of them and would n't recommend it at all .
 Not much to say ... I love dates , but these bars were terrible . I ended up throwing most of them away .
 The overall taste of this sauce was a disappointment to me . I love many of this company 's products so I was a bit surprised that this chili paste did n't taste any better . There are bitter notes to this sauce which I attribute to chile seeds , vinegar and an excessive amount of salt . Buy some dry red pepper flakes and you 'll eliminate the bitterness of this sauce but otherwise replicate it almost perfectly.I much prefer the Huy Fong 's Sriracha Hot Chili Sauce . It is not only hotter but it has a wonderful sweetness to it combined with some pleasant garlic notes.This is a good company but not every one of its products hits the mark . This chili paste misses the mark by a wide margin in my view.The product label lists -LRB- in this order -RRB- chiles -LRB- with seeds -RRB- , salt and then vinegar . The vinegar and salt add a lot of bitterness . As I said - I like this company 's products but not this particular one . Salt and vinegar do NOT complement chiles that well in my view .
 These are screamingly average to boring . Unlike advertised , I got three bags each with 3 different flavored caramels one OK and 2 other so-so . I would n't order them again
 I got the spices and they were old stale and full of bugs -LRB- pantry beetles -RRB- . I had to throw the entire batch in the trash . I did n't bother to send it back pantry beetles are very hard to get out of the house and can easily invade your other spices . I am just glad I found them quickly and got rid of this stuff .
 Yesterday I wrote to this Seller stzting that I got 4 of these barrels of cheese balls , and each one had an expiration date of 1/07 -- seems like they went through their inventory and sent out everything that was old -- have not heard back from them , so that 's why I am writing this . We give a lot of these out to the kids in the neighborhood as presents . Today we got another 4 from a Seller -- these 4 barrels had an expiration date of 2/25/12 !!! The need to realize that taking old inventory just to get rid of it during the holiday rush does n't really work -- it 's going to be a long time before I order anything from them again ...
 I had high hopes for this product ... just to be completely let down by the broken lids on both jars which let the ghee leak all over the shipping box ! It was shipped with broken lids from the seller because the 2 pieces of broken lid were NOT in the box !!!!!!!!!! I will NEVER buy anything from this seller again !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BE WARNED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The ghee was runny , probably from sitting in storage at the seller 's business with air getting to the product through the broken lids .
 Upon receiving the KTC mustard oil , we noticed that the label said for external use only . As the product was listed with other `` gourmet food items '' we had assumed that this was a mustard flavored food oil . Not a mustard Seed oil . There is a big difference and one that could be dangerous if not noted . The Amazon ad did not relate any warnings or ingredient list that I could find , that would have helped me avoid purchasing the wrong item .
 It has the consistency and taste of a pizza sauce or tomato paste . It does n't have many chunks in it at all and `` Chunky '' is in the title .
 I opened the mailed box which was completely in tact and normal . When I opened it , immediately a smell overcame the entire kitchen . I cut the plastic bubble wrap off of the box of squash and noticed it wet and MOLDY ! One of the glass jars was broken and appeared to be for a while . There was mold and STINK everywhere . I called and thank goodness AMAZON offered to replace or refund it . Why would they send something like this for a BABY . My son was premature 30 weeks and has an allergy to protein along with reflux ... I can not imagine ! It really made me horribly upset and why I am writing this review to ZERO ... This is the first time I ever had a problem and a huge one it is to me . - AND I tried to give a ZERO star rating but I had to check a star to continue .
 ... these muffins are a big disappointment . See that lovely BROWNED muffin top on box picture ? Welllll , I 've tried several boxes of these , using different oven temperatures , making them plain , with fruit , with nuts , with everything I could think of except chocolate -LRB- hmmm , maybe I 'll try that ! -RRB- The tops stay a pale , pasty WHITE ! Sooo unappetizing . And false advertising , IMHO.Now for the taste . Another disappointment . They are bland bland bland , blah , blah , blah ! You MUST add additional ingredients or they are just plain , uh , RICEY tasting - and if you 're an older celiac , you know what I mean . Those first corporate attempts at making GF mixes were hideous ! These are no better . Yuck!Now for the size . I 'm a pretty doggone accomplished baker if I do say so myself , both prior to my diagnosis in 1985 with non-GF ingredients , and since , using mixes and baking from scratch . These just do n't RISE ! See the photo with that lovely dome muffin shape ? Nuh-uh . Perhaps they use old , REALLY old leavening ? Dunno . But they puff up only about 1/16 '' of a centimeter . Maybe . But I doubt it.Now for the boxed ingredients . Cheesh , you have to add all of the EXPENSIVE stuff to make these work . Butter , milk , eggs , and fruit/nuts/whatever . Fer cryin ' out loud , it 's truly no more trouble , and a WHOLE lot cheaper to make muffins from scratch.I desperately wanted to love these and give a great review . But I just can not . Make your own muffins and save your hard-earned money for some of the Gluten-free Pantry 's other mixes - I rate the following 5 stars without hesitation : Country French Bread mix - absolutely delicious !! We use our bread machine and they come out PERFECT every time ! And when we 've used regular oven , in our french bread loaf pans , we add some toasted sesame seeds , and they are incredible.Chocolate Truffle Brownie Mix - OMG - completely addictive !! Got ta watch out for these if you 're on a diet . You 'll want to gobble up the whole batch!Beth 's All Purpose Flour - quick & easy to use for all your baking -LRB- including those homemade muffins -RRB- . Spice Cake and Gingerbread Mix - delicious - and sooooo easy - I can prepare it faster than it takes my oven to heat up . -LRB- Is n't that one of the BEST reason for buying a mix ? -RRB- I add additional cinammon , nutmeg , ginger - we like it that way.Coffee Cake Mix - fantastic - and EASY - the crumble topping is included . Wonderful for a breakfast treat and NOT just for Celiacs.So that 's about it . Try it - you may like it . Hey - that 's what makes horse racing ! But do n't buy a whole case in the event that you do n't . Regards to all you brave Celiacs out there . Let 's hope that someday science can find a solution for us to make our lives a little easier . In the meantime , heaven bless these fabulous companies for providing us with these products .
 I really have no idea how this product has so many positive reviews . It tastes like cardboard . I 've tried fruit , nuts , poppyseeds and even chocolate . Nothing makes these taste better . I 've very thankful that I got these on the clearnace rack at the grocery store -LRB- although now I know why they were on clearance ! -RRB-
 I love salt , but these are way to salty.Bite carefully , many Pitts are left in.A lot of the 3.5 # is salt water
 These are far from my favorite . At first I thought they were ok and I did n't realize what great good tasting gluten Free cookies are out there to buy .
 Their Golden is golden but not a fan of this version . Just too burnt bitter a taste for me . If your buds leans toward the grilled flavors then you might like this however .
 As the reviewer stated before , the orange is quite acidic and the carrot juice is not noticeable . Hopefully the benefits of the carrots will still be felt in my body though.I purchased the orange and carrot as the Lakewood brand 's Carrot juice has lemon juice in it which is not truly carrots only . Carrots by themselves are excellent in a juice form I do n't know why they ca n't stick to the basics or come up with a better flavor to mix than orange or lemon .
 I bought this thinking that it would taste delicious , at Whole Foods . . It was $ 4.49 which is small for the size , also leading me to believe that I would taste delicious organic carrots and orange . It just tasted really watered down , and just ... not good ! I barely tasted any carrots and I did taste orange but very acidic . I love sour fruits but this was just not good . The color of the bottle fooled me . Do n't buy this item , save your money . Wish I went for Odwalla . Oh well lesson to be learned .
 The toffee tasted like butterfinger bars ... ok ... if that is what one thinks toffee should taste like . . Very underwhelming.Dissapointed and will not buy this brand again
 I bought these graham sticks based on their excellent reviews and having purchased Earth 's Best organic vanilla cookies , had high hopes for a healthy snack to serve my kids . Needless to say , I should have purchased one box at the grocery store first before committing to 6 boxes through Amazon -LRB- which you are unable to return - even unopened boxes - since this is a food item -RRB- . The crackers smelled strange even before tasting them . My 5 year old turned up her nose and refused to eat them anymore after trying a few . I wish I could describe the taste , but it would be really hard . It may sound strange for an organic food , but it was almost like a faint chemical smell . At best , I can say that they were n't anything like a regular graham cracker flavor -LRB- even as an organic option they should have a better taste -RRB- . My 2 year old did eat some of them without complaint , so I am hoping she will tolerate them through 6 boxes so I feel like I did not waste my money . Good price , but definitely test one box first to see if you like them .
 I really did n't notice Elmo on the package ? These are for kids more than adults . Nothing wrong with flavor , but priced for kids that scream alot .
 Very tasty but leave a funny taste in your mouth -LRB- an after taste -RRB- funny . I would try something different next time .
 the photo looks great . Too bad what i got had slivered almonds - not a single whole almond in the box!don ' t waste your money . the picture looks NOTHING like what they send . They should have to put up a photo of what it really looks like . they would n't sell any !!!!! VERY DISAPPOINTED and feel cheated
 the photo looks great . Too bad what i got had slivered almonds - not a single whole almond in the box!don ' t waste your money . the picture looks NOTHING like what they send . They should have to put up a photo of what it really looks like . they would n't sell any !!!!! VERY DISAPPOINTED and feel cheated
 Like others here , I acquired a taste to these things when I was a child . I can understand that they make some people uncomfortable ; they look like slimy worms from a deep dark cave . And their taste is nothing like a real hot dog . They are sort of in a class by themselves like a Dorito . You eat it knowing that it has to be one of the most highly manufactured foods in existence but , putting these considerations aside , I heat them up on toast and with a little cheese they are quite good . If I had a can here now I 'd eat it.But I do n't have a can here . Why not ? Simple
 These are the worst tasting Vegan Hot Dogs i ever tasted !! The Big Franks are good But these taste Awful !!! I have to throw them out ! They are that bad ! They taste like Metal They fall apart , And the Liquid they come in is really nasty ! This should not be Sold !
 I do n't understand all the 5 star reviews here . I am a very health conscious eater , and I usually like meat alternatives . In fact , I usually like health foods that others find disgusting . However , this product has a ridiculously grainy texture and little flavor . More importantly , it 's not remotely healthy ! It is made primarily with wheat gluten , which is not exactly a health product and has little nutritional value . The amount of controversial food colorings , preservatives and corn syrup in this product are also disgusting.I used to be a strict vegan -LRB- for three years -RRB- and a vegetarian -LRB- for 13 years -RRB- , but I 've come to realize that eating products like natural , organic turkey dogs are a much better choice than eating wheat gluten and soy protein concentrate products . This product is a great example of vegan not necessarily meaning healthy . I got a package of Linkettes at a big discount , and I would have been really upset if I had paid full price . At least they last for years , so I 'll use the rest as my emergency food stash .
 By Looking at the can , I thougth it was different product . When I opened the can , I found what was expected
 Trust the bad reviews - they are right . I got these pretzels because my favorite brand is no longer carried by Cost Plus , but remembered these from Trader Joe 's ... now I know why I did not keep buying them . These have an off taste and are stale , really awful . Do n't waste your money .
 Pretzels have been improperly stored and/or prepared with poor-quality ingredients , they have an off taste like rancid vegetable oil . I gave two stars instead of one because Amazon did try twice and refunded both times . Interestingly , I have bought this product before when it was available in the Seattle area and it was excellent . There is obviously a quality-control problem going on somewhere along the line .
 I do not like the taste of these pretzels at all . I wish I did n't have 24 packages of them . Hopefully the birds will like them .
 These are okay . My son `` tolerated '' them , so I will give them 2 stars . Otherwise , they are mushy dogs -- and not tasty . I love the Worthington Superlinks and I thought these would be comparable .
 I have been supplementing with Osteo Bi-Flex for the last few months because I had terrible terrible gum loss and was on the verge of having to have bone graphs done . I heard that Gelatin was the right stuff for the job . I just got back from the dentist and guess what ? My gums are healing and my pockets are receding . Muy Bueno ! Unfortunately , I had to have three cavities drilled on one of my front teeth , just on one ! Ca n't wait for the X-Rays in a few months ... Every time I take this stuff now and do n't immediately brush my teeth and use fluoride , I feel tooth sensitivity . I also , have huge deposits of plaque that grow on my teeth after using this product . Often times , these deposits must be removed with a professional dental picker ... On the other hand I do take a lot of this stuff , probably 3-4 times the normal daily dose . I originally switched to this stuff because I thought it was worth it to save the extra 20 bucks versus buying 2lbs of the GoBio Organic Gelatin . I am now switching back to the GoBio Organic Gelatin , simply for the tooth decay reasons -LRB- It also makes you feel better in terms of energy -RRB- . The GoBio stuff is less processed and sticks to your teeth less if you avoid letting it dissolve in water ... Would still recommend this stuff , but buyer beware if you have had dental problems in the past ...
 i guess that i was expecting something `` chunkier `` it tastes like salty mush to me - i started adding it to big pots of chili to try to use it up
 You literally have to smother this in some sort of sauce for it to taste half-decent . It tastes nothing like real chicken and on top of that it also tastes foul . DO NOT BUY THIS .
 I 've been enjoying carrot juice for years -- home made in my juicer and also another well-known brand sold in the produce department , which is also good . But recently I purchased Lakewood brand and was so disturbed by the taste that I thought the bottle of juice had somehow gone bad . Thinking it was an isolated incident , I did n't say anything about it when my boyfriend bought two more 32 oz . bottles to use in a recipe we planned to make this morning -LRB- a wonderful `` pumpkin pie '' smoothie made with carrot juice , sweet potato and dates -RRB- . We were making a large quantity , to serve to friends , and it turned out these bottles of juice were terrible too , so we had to scrap the whole plan . There is a real `` twangy '' almost metallic taste , bordering on rotten carrots . I do n't know if it 's the pasteurization process or what , but this brand of carrot juice does * not * taste like carrot juice . I would hate for people to buy it and think they do n't like carrot juice due to how this tastes . I do n't know what their process is , but the end result is very icky . -LRB- Sorry , Lakewood -- I really do n't like giving bad reviews ! But this stuff is not good ! -RRB-
 I do n't know how they did it , but this stuff tastes awful . Expiration was 2012 , I tasted it today - June 2010 . PLEASE DO N'T BUY THIS - YECCHH !
 I have to agree with the other negative reviews , and it may have to do with the 1 % lemon juice added which is in the fine print at the bottom . I did n't notice this when I purchased it , but obviously when you buy something that says `` Pure Carrot '' on the front , that is what you expect .
 besides salad topping what the hell am i supposed to with little pieces of pork flesh
 Product was of good quality , but expiration date was within about a month of when the product arrived . Be cautious about buying for your own pantry .
 What is the point of this product ? What genius invented it?Actual bacon is healthier than what goes into this product ! Yuch.Defatted Soy Flour , Partially Hydrogenated Soybean Oil , Water , Salt , Sugar , Artificial and Natural Flavor , Red 40 and Other Color Added , Soy Sauce -LRB- Water , Wheat , Soybeans , Salt -RRB- , Hydrolyzed Vegetable Protein -LRB- Corn , Soy , Wheat -RRB- . Soy is not particularly healthy and for men can actually act as the female hormone estrogen . Eat too much and you 'll develop man-breasts ! Hydrogenated oil is a carcinogen.Sugar is poison.Artificial flavor and colors are n't food , it 's chemicals.Hydrolyzed foods are not food.Pure fatty bacon is far healthier in moderation . This is a stupid product consumed only by those who do n't look at ingredients and think .
 this product is too salty , compared to the regular fri-chik . they must be compensating for the lower fat by adding more salt . i would rather have purchased the regular fri-chik !
 I am vegetarian and am accustomed to eating strange concoctions but this is some sort of red meat-looking -LRB- yes , it is red inside , unlike the picture -RRB- stuff that has no resemblence to chicken at all .
 I did not like the chewy , rubbery outer texture of the Fri Chik chunks ... When I ordered them I thought they would be like the Loma Linda Fried Chik ` n , which is soft on the outside as well as the inside ... Now I am stuck with a product I do not like .
 Please be aware that the ` Low Fat ' variety of this product is NOT the same as the standard ` FriChik ' . Whatever is removed to be able to sport the ` Low Fat ' moniker makes a world of difference . Standard FriChiks are delicious while the ` Low Fat ' variety are drier and less tasty -LRB- savory -RRB- . I hope someone at Amazon will take notice and start offering the standard FriChik .
 I just despise this product but everyone I know loves it . I think the texture of the lowfat and the regular is just weird .
 I seem to be in the minority here , but I think this is gross . I 'm thinking that having decided no more meat , maybe I 'll skip the `` fake '' meat as well . This one for sure . Now what the heck am I going to do with a case minus one ?!?
 I am a pretty open minded eater . Who knows , maybe I got a bad batch or a bad can . I could n't choke down a piece of this stuff ! Anybody want 11 cans of Low Fat FriChik ?
 Regular FriChik is delicious . This is not . Do n't be deceived by clever counterfeits .
 I buy this stuff every week at Publix . I have seen a ton of health benefits and the high potassium helps keep the water weight down . Also , it is delicious to drink , especially the type with blueberries mixed in.Having said that , I pay $ 5.15 for a 32 ounce bottle . $ 5.15 . Yes , and with sales tax , I 'm sure it 's closer to $ 5.75 . Come on , Amazon . This is a friggin ' rip off .
 One can buy the same 32 oz Bottle from grocery store for $ 9.99 thus making a 6 bottle purchase to $ 59.64 even after paying sales tax it will be much less than $ 75.36 + shipping . I dont know why would someone buy it from Amazon .
 I was getting the Langers fresh pressed pomegranate juice at Rayley 's -LRB- they recently stop carrying it -RRB- for a little over 5 bucks this is 16.67 per bottle ... please
 This product description does not say whether this product is pasteurized . Alton Brown on Good Eats says that if pomegranate juice is pasteurized you lose a lot of the antioxidant benefits . I would likely change to more stars if it is not pasteurized .
 I was very dissapointed in this product . It was stale , had no cheddar taste , and was just completely unedible . Had to throw it away . Very expensive for something that did not have good quality at all .
 These were really awful . After reading the great reviews on the worthing vegetarian hot dogs and meat I was real hopeful , but they were just gross . We do love the morning star veggie dogs though . They taste a lot closer to the real thing . These veggie dogs were very mushy and just broke in half when I tried to take them out of the can . Very disappointing . We are a vegetarian family of 6 and no one would eat them .
 After having had a subscribe-and-save subscription which somehow got converted over to another vendor ... Apparently the prior subscription was for the Chocolate Royale , because the Milk Chocolate swill tastes absolutely terrible . It tastes like it has gone bad , is sour , is bitter and generally seems to be of poor quality.I have , since the product was unavailable for some time , taken delivery of the Atkins drinks which are milk chocolate as well , and the Atkins drinks , in addition to being less sugar , taste fantastic.I can not abide by the Milk Chocolate Slim Fast shake taste . Maybe I got a bad batch , but I am now squarely opposed to this product .
 I was a regular customer of the canned shakes for lunch and breakfast on the go , but I hate the new plastic bottles and wo n't pay more for such goofy packaging . I 've stopped buying .
 I would rate SlimFast a 5 star ... or at least I would have until they jacked the prices up so high . The product actually does work ! I went from a size 6/7 in pants to a size 2/3 in 3 months . I felt fine and healthy , no issues to report . I was paying $ 23 and change for a 24 pack -LRB- cans -RRB- , which was very reasonable with the free shipping . -LRB- They arrived quickly , too . -RRB- Now they 're charging $ 65 - $ 70 for the same product , and the 20 pack bottles are n't much cheaper . Boo , Amazon ! Bring the good prices back !
 I used to love this stuff . It was tasty , filling , and full of the right kind of nutrients . However , a while back they came up with a new formula or something I suppose , and the taste changed drastically . It tasted as if the milkshake had been mixed with some kind of bitter tasting medicine ... it completely ruined the product for me . I wo n't be buying them anymore .
 This is the first time I 've tried the strawberry flavor and it will also be the last ... this product just does n't taste that great .
 I could hardly stomach these ... hopefully the milk chocolate flavor is better . My hands down favorite is actually Costco 's brand . Not chalky or weird at all . Do n't have a Costco membership anymore though . : -LRB-
 I 've been buying Slim-Fast cans -LRB- Cappuccino -RRB- for years and love it as a breakfast drink . Recently I found out that they 're no longer offering it in cans . That I could accept but , if purchasing the new screw-top bottles -LRB- that I could give a rat 's ass about ... -RRB- I get only four per pack instead of six for the same price ! Do companies think we 're all clueless on math ? I 'd be paying the same for two less servings . They 've lost my business completely . Slim-Fast , thanks for nothing ! The ill-will alone would cause me to never come back .
 Again , instead of 6 cans of 11 ounces each , now its 4 bottles 10 ounces ea and more money ????? I am not buying Slim Fast again . A customer for years , Publix/Kroger/Wal Mart brands are my new brands !
 I 've drank slimfast before in the past many , many times . I 've usually enjoyed all of them , and never had any side effects or complaints about taste or texture.There 's just something not right with this new slimfast . I do n't know if it 's because all of my CANS WERE DENTED , or if maybe it sat in the sun somewhere.Despite the horrible taste , I spent so freakin ' much on the order that I forced myself to consume as much of a can as humanly possible . About three fourths , with breaks and other `` chaser '' beverages.Without going into detail , it did a number on my stomach . I had a case of the horribles.If you 're insistent on giving this new slimfast a shot , I suggest purchasing it from a local store in a smaller quantity where you can insure that you 're able to return it hassle free -LRB- read
 I thought I was ordering the low carb version , these are high carb , high sugar , very unhealthy drinks . Compare to the low-carb version .
 Despite vigorous shaking , about half of the cans in my order contained soggy particles that reminded me of breadcrumbs . They were mostly grey-ish white , and left a smearing residue when squished between fingers.I first noticed these particles when I was drinking my third or so can on my way to work . I thought , That was odd , maybe it was a one time deal ? Nope . Found more flaky particles . Felt really grossed out . When I returned home from work I opened another can after vigorously shaking , poured it in a clear glass , and saw about a dozen or so flakes rise to the surface . It could be congealed minerals , but it 's definitely gross , and I do n't want to drink them . I 'm hoping the other pack I received -LRB- two sets of 12 -RRB- is flake-free . If not , I 'll call Slim and request a refund . We 'll see how that goes !
 I like slim fast , but I recommend going for the powdered slim fast . It is cheaper and you can throw fruit in the blender to make it more healthy . I was very disappointed with the canned slim fast because half the cans were dented -LRB- and it is not recommended eating/drinking things out of dented cans -RRB- . I will never buy the canned ones again .
 The only thing good I can say about this product is that it tastes good . That is true of the entire Slimfast line of products . They all taste good . But due to the high sugar content they are not weight loss products as the name of the product and company advertising suggests . Due to the low cost of sugar and the fact that most people prefer the taste of sugar , this company loads up all their products with sugar . Just read the label - all Slimfast products have sugar at or near the top of the list of ingredients . The FDA requires that ingredients lists be listed by the order of the abundance of the ingredient in the product . The smart consumer will not buy this product , unless you have no need for weight loss , and do n't mind buying a good tasting product from a company that misleads the public in their advertising.Since the main ingredient in all Slimfast products is sugar , their products have absolutely no weight-reducing characteristic . I tried the Slimfast products and program myself , so I know from my own experience that it does not work!The US Department of Agriculture did many studies to result in their well know `` food guide pyramid . '' It states that `` sweets should be used sparingly . '' Consuming meals of primarily sugar in 2 out of every 3 meals consumed -LRB- the widely published Slimfast diet plan -RRB- , could not possibly be described as using sweets sparingly.The Nutrition Action Health letter website indicates
 This stuff smells nasty ! Do n't get it ! Get any other flavor . All the others are great .
 I have been drinking Slim Fast ready to drink shakes for several years . They have been great for managing my weight . I normally drink the Slim Fast Optima in Milk Chocolate flavor for my lunch . I normally enjoy it and look forward to it . However , about a month ago , I noticed that the box looked different . I thought it was just a change in the box . Then , I tasted it and it was a little bit different . At first I did n't like it but I got used to it . Well , I started having terrible excruciating pains in my stomach every day . The first week I thought it was just a bug . It kept on for another three weeks and I tried everything . I was cutting out some herbs that I 'd been taking but no luck . Then , last night I was going to the gym to work out . I felt tired and decided to drink a shake for a little extra energy . Fifteen minutes later , my stomach was killing me . It hurt so bad that my back felt like it was hurting too . That 's when I realized it has to be the new Slim Fast Optima . I 'm sad about having to quit it but I ca n't stand that kind of pain . I may try the meal bars instead but I wish Slim Fast would go back to the old formula .
 This page selling SlimFast is linked from their corporate web site . I expected to find prices that were competitive with my local Walmart . The price per can at my Walmart is $ 0.75 a can . The price in this site is $ 1.56 a can !!! What a rip off ! I was actually going to order from this site until I got an old receipt out from my wallet and did the math . Ill stick to buying them at the store for now until the prices come down online .
 Sunridge Farms Butter Toffee Peanuts , 2-Ounce Bags -LRB- Pack of 24 -RRB- I purchased these snacks for the purpose of having them available for travel -- while airborne and during the land tours . I was disappointed because they did not taste very fresh although I was pleased with the flavor . I placed them in my refrigerator to keep them as fresh as possible but will probably dispose of them eventually since I do not enjoy them . I would not purchase them again .
 I am very , very disappointed . I bought myself the white chocolate almond bark as a present to myself for giving birth to my 42 year old son . The advertising photo showed whole almonds . The candy I received had not one , NOT ONE , whole almond . There was just crushed nut slivers . Absolutely not what I was expecting for the price I paid . Chocolate was of good quality but do n't expect it to look like the photo .
 I am very , very disappointed . I bought myself the white chocolate almond bark as a present to myself for giving birth to my 42 year old son . The advertising photo showed whole almonds . The candy I received had not one , NOT ONE , whole almond . There was just crushed nut slivers . Absolutely not what I was expecting for the price I paid . Chocolate was of good quality but do n't expect it to look like the photo .
 Arrived in the stated time . The taste is not for me . I like chai tea , but this one is not at all anything I would drink . Some may like it though , everyone is different .
 I did not know until I tried , but these seeds do not sprout with water . I guess they need soil . So I wasted my money on a useless producct .
 There 's no doubt that dealing with skinny and boney sardines is not for the faint of heart . Vertebral columns , spinal cords , various and sundry entrails , they 're all right there ... So here 's the alternative - skinless and boneless , promising a civilized , politically correct and appropriate eating experience.Not.These pale pretenders are like throwing out the baby with the bathwater . They 're dry and tasteless . Sure they 're easy to eat but why would anyone care?And to make matters worse , notwithstanding the fact that the Amazon product description says `` Product of Spain '' , these bad boys seemingly slipped across the border by the cover of darkness . Clearly marked on the box is `` Producto de Marruecos '' - Product of Morocco.So do n't waste your time with these . Go for the gusto . Vigo skinny and boney sardines come from Spanish territorial waters , and are plump , rich , and flavorful . If you ca n't handle the gore stick with tuna fish , or perhaps give Pablum a try ...
 I ordered Octopus and received this by mistake , I decided to try them since i like mussels . I had only had them fresh prior to this!I found them to be very hard to open and they were VERY salty to my taste!I gave them to one of my daughters and she agreed that they were too salty and the can was very hard to open ! I Would not buy them again , After looking at the nutrition facts they have 250mg sodium 25mg of cholesterol and 1 gram saturated fat!I will get fresh ones when I want clams again !
 The sauce these mussels are in is awful . It is very ascerbic -LRB- tangy/bitter -RRB- . I had to first run the mussels under water before they were palatable . I agree with the other reviewer
 If you add this to coffee and use any kind of creamer - powdered , liquid or real cream - it curdles ! I was looking for a flavor add-in after I got hooked on Duncan Donuts Strawberry Shortcake coffee , which is really pricey , if you can find it . This is the wrong product for that application . If I had any intention of making snow cones , it might warrant space on my shelf , but unless it turns out to play nicely in baked goods -LRB- I 'm not sure I want to risk having to throw out batter just to find out -RRB- , I ca n't see much reason for keeping it . A more complete description of what the product is intended to do and what it should not be used for would have prevented me from wasting money on it . It 's probably too much to hope that the seller will edit the description to make this product reach the right buyers .
 I am so disapointed with this buy ... These sardines are so over salted and no even hot at all ... So scally and smells funny ... I bought 2 packs of these and ended up giving it to my friendswho have thesame coment as I. ... I am still looking for the one perfect or if not , at least near perfect `` HOT '' sardines around ... . Amazon has the best deal by far ...
 The description of this product is sub-par . It came with a big box of chocolate covered peanut clusters ; I 'm allergic to peanuts.I 've only tried one of the coffee 's and did n't care for it , but it 's the first time I 've had Kona coffee . The items I could consume , tried and enjoyed were the three biscotti , two truffles .
 One of the worst instant coffee mixes . The fat does not blend and floats on the surface . Buy the Mt Hagen instant , instead , and add your own sugar , milk and maybe , cinammon . I returned this product .
 I was shocked to find out that it was already expired when I received it , the problem is that I paid to ship it overseas to my sister , she found out when she unpacked it
 I use well-filtered water and followed the directions to grow herbs and then salad greens . both have failed . why ? white fuzz aka fungus/mold . even tried to pull out any seed casings or seeds that did not sprout to avoid the mold . kept water levels high at all times . even added hydrogen peroxide to the reservoir . failed !! called support at aerogrow and they said they cant do anything about it except send another seed kit and I should disinfect the system again . did disinfect with hydrogen peroxide not bleach for my second planting . very disappointing ... salad greens look like they are limp and dying . roots are becoming brown . mold is greatly reduced however salad greens look sick and dying . will try to plant my third set of seeds after using chlorine bleach this time . very frustrating . no clear answers . would not recommend purchasing the aerogrow . i unfortunately stuck with the pro200 .
 Aerogarden does n't live up to it claims . Plants on outside corners underperform . I contacted Aerogarden directly and they sent me a new pump , which means you have to disassemble the unit and take the plant pods out to install . New pump does n't seem to make much difference . Save your $ and grow your herbs outside during growing season !
 I have had several aerogardens over the last four years . I recently purchased two new 7 pod gardens -LRB- pro 100 -RRB- . Up to this time I was a satisfied customer albeit you have to either read up on what grows best or just practice a lot . Recently I received new universal grow pods that are supposed to fit in all the aerogarden models . Despite what customer service says they do not fit well in my 7 pod . Worse is that the new grow pods do not hold the grow medium near the top of the pod . The new universal pods promote mold and rot and discourage germination . Up to this point I would have highly recommended this product but not now or until they create a better grow pod .
 Well , Aerogrow is sending me another unit . They have already taken the trouble to send me a replacement bowl which fixed the first problem and later , they sent a replacement pump which shut down the entire system . I do n't like contacting them and then getting replacements . My aerogrow setup does not look like the flourishing results at the local kitchenwares store . My consumer experience thus far has stank despite customer service 's efforts to fix the problems . Customer service has remained courteous and attentive . They have mailed out parts promptly but does that buy them my silence ? Well , I can see how the positive reviews are true on this site so make up your mind after reading all of them . Mine is just one experience . I lost money and I lost time and will start all over again once I receive the new unit . If I had ordered through amazon , I would have just returned it for a money refund . So if you want to try hydroponic growing as I did , then go ahead and buy this but I urge you to buy from amazon . Good luck.Here were my issues that were all responded to by aerogrow 's customer service : -LRB- 1 -RRB- I was misled that by ordering directly from aerogrow instead of Amazon at the cost of Amazon 's free shipping , I would become a special customer and receive discounts on future purchases on seeds and more machines . But when I wrote to aerogrow about not receiving any membership packet , I was told that the additional purchases should be made at the time of the initial purchase -LRB- when I have no experience with the worthiness of the aerogrow product -RRB- -LRB- 2 -RRB- aerogrow had to send me a new bowl because when I received the product the red indicator light for low water level was already on and NEVER shut off . Following the suggestions from the phone rep did not solve the problem at all . The new bowl fixed the problem . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Then I realized that deep in the growing period a number of herbs were not growing at all and was told that I had received a bad pump and would have to install a new one that Aerogrow would be sending me and that I would have to start all over again from the beginning with another packet of herbs that would be included in the package . -LRB- 4 -RRB- I unplugged the aerogrow and installed the pump according to the BLURRY pictures on the instruction sheet and now the entire machine will not turn on . Changing the pump is messy and not recommended . Do n't throw away the attaching screw for the old pump because Aerogrow does n't give you anything but the pump and the blurry instructions.The remaining survivors are going to die but that 's okay because I have a brand new packet of seeds and in two months , I MIGHT have herbs , right ? -LRB- 5 -RRB- I put the new plug in today and now the machine wo n't turn on at all . HELP!This product just is n't reliable and it is priced too high to be this risky . -LRB- 6 -RRB- Aerogrow reps always maintained a friendly tone and polite demeanor in dealing with me . However , I still felt wronged . When the replacement never showed up after weeks , I emailed requesting a full refund , offering to ship the machine back to them so they could investigate the problem . They said that I could chuck the old machine , the new one was at the post office because of a wrong address and that they would credit my credit card . I have to check to see if they did . I do n't want another aerogrow anyway .
 The Aerogarden was going great until today when the pump stopped working . I did some searching on the net and found others have the same problem . The pump needs to be replaced , I wrote Amazon to see if they are going to replace or refund my money for the Aerogarden . I am not very happy , especially when many other have the same problem with defective units . Buyer beware , you may want to wait a year or two until they perfect this system . Who want to watch their plants die because of a bad pump , then after they die you have to put in a new pump and start all over again.I do n't think they even tested many of these units before they sold them to the public . How could a problem like this happen to so many people if they did proper testing ? And if they did test them out good , they must not care about selling a quality product.My final thought is it works well at first , but does not last long .
 I received the Aerogarden as a gift . I have a green thumb and can grow anything . I looked forward to having fresh herbs to cook with . There are several things that make this product quite bad .1 . -RRB- The light is a beacon ! The grow light has to be on 14-15 hours a day and is incredibly bright . This wo n't be a problem if you have a kitchen far away from your bedroom but if you have an apartment it will present a problem .2 . -RRB- It does not work . I tried once to grow the herbs exactly as instructed . It did n't work . The plants grew only a little bit and then died after a few weeks . I ordered more seed pods to try again , trouble shooted using the FAQ 's on the Aerogarden website and again the plants grew a little bit and died . I am a gardener the product does not work .3 . -RRB- Complete lack of customer service . I called and emailed trying to get ahold of the company to tell them the product does not work and try to get some support . I got an auto reply from Aerogarden that said `` we are experiencing a high volume of emails and are currently 3 weeks behind in replying '' Well it has now been 2 months and I still have not heard a thing.SAVE YOUR MONEY ! This product does not work .
 I would n't recommend this to anyone . After a few months , I 've harvested about 5 ripe chili pepper , the halapeno has n't done anything , and I 'm about to run out of nutrient . I pulled some of the early sprouts , put them in a pot on my lanai , and they are doing far better than the plants in the 150 dollar machine . Point being , some miraclegrow , a few bucks , sunny spot on the lanai , or just a trip to the grocery store . Waste of money . Update , ran out of nutrients , so am using Fox Farms Grow Big , I now have some chilis showing up in the Aerogarden , the outdoor plant is now 24 '' tall , has well over 30 peppers on it , the Aerocrap has one semi-mature pepper and is 7 '' tall , do the math , not worth it , and made in china , insult to injury.Aloha
 I was really excited about being able to grow garden products in my kitchen all year long . Unfortunately , the results were not what I expected.I started with the standard herb garden . All of the seed pods sprouted on schedule . One of the bulbs burned out within 2 months . Aerogrow guarantees the bulbs for six months -LRB- which , by the way is their recommended lifespan -RRB- , so they sent me a new pair.Now on to the garden products themselves . Do n't get me wrong , they all tasted the way they were supposed to , but there was n't the intensity I would normally get from something grown in the ground . I was hoping that the nutrients that come with every kit would provide the elements needed for the flavor . They did n't . Since then , I 've also tried the cherry tomatoes and the salad greens . In every case , even with normally tasty cherry tomatoes , there was absolutely nothing exciting about the flavor of anything I grew in the garden.I wo n't be using it anymore . I 'll be better off using regular small pots and good potting soil with a little fertilizer.I can understand where hydroponics would be necessary and even taste good in the right situation , but using water exclusively for growing vegetables at home just does n't do it for me .
 I purchased 2 Aerogrow units -- one worked , one did n't . The 800 Aerogrow service number does not respond after many tries . no email response . Amazon of no value in my problem -- just try their circular system which leads no where -- I guess I 'll stick to books -- if I ordered this item from a calalog I 'd have recourse -- thru Amazon I have none.rMaho gardener
 Well , the company DOES state they have a ` germination ' guarantee - if a pod does not germinate , they will replace it free of charge ... The problem is that after following the directions for the peppers - pruning , pollinating , etc - NO PEPPERS ... So I called - they said to totally drain the Aerogarden , which I did , then refill with water and a 1 tablespoon of Epsom Salts - which I did - still NO PEPPERS ; so , I called again - they said , drain again , more Epsom Salts - STILL NO PEPPERS ... . so I called again - they then told me I should just toss the plants and start over - THEY GUARANTEE GERMINATION -- NOT FRUIT !!!! Here is a clue - what if I DO N'T START OVER ... and donate this piece of junk to the Salvation Army ! I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT unless you can find the seed pods elsewhere !
 This product rarely works unless you get the seed packs and immediately plant them ... Very expensive , and maybe 50 % of the time , you may or may not get anything to grow . I 've had this for 3 years now and rarely had but a few things grow ... Much easier to go to the garden shop and buy the plants and put them in your garden.I 've had tons of their kits sent to me , and only half of them seem to work ... I 'll call customer service , and yes they will send more ... but by then , the 3 that worked are growing big and you can not start the new ones.Sorry to say , this product is for `` rich people '' who have the time time play . I 'm only wanting to plant foods to eat and survive .
 Three of the seven herbs are not growing and the selection of plants is n't very good , think they should offer single plants .
 I purchased this for my dad as a Father 's Day gift because he likes to cook and he 's always had a green thumb . Unfortunately , it 's been over two months since he had it and nothing ever grew . He followed all of the directions to no avail . I contacted AeroGrow but they did n't seem to care and were zero help . I do not recommend this to anyone , unless you 're one of those people that enjoys throwing your money down the drain ? Instead , if you want herbs for the kitchen , I recommend buying dry herbs . And , if you want to grow herbs -LRB- or vegetables -RRB- then I recommend doing it the old fashioned way .
 I bought this as a Christmas present , thinking it would be a cool way to grow tomatos and jalapenos inside -LRB- I got the Salsa Garden kit -RRB- . One of the tomato plants did n't germinate . Aerogarden was quick to send a replacement , but it was too late to plant it . I ended up transplanting of the seedlings from the side that germinated to the other side.Within a couple weeks , the pump started rattling . I called in multiple times and never got to a live person . Emails went unanswered.Finally a couple weeks ago -LRB- it 's the last week in March -RRB- , the pump started to make so much noise I thought the dishwasher was on ! We finally got ahold of someone at Aerogarden -LRB- we left a message and they called us back a couple days later -RRB- . They said they 'd send a new pump . They also recommended that we switch from tap water to some sort of bottled water.The change to RO water did not help the plants , if anything they really did n't like it.Today the pump finally died . I 've transplanted the plants to dirt , where they 'll likely die . We called AG again , and they said that a pump had been sent and that they would send us another salsa garden kit.To make matters worse , when I tried to pull the pump out following the directions in the manual -LRB- I was cleaning out the basin so it would n't stink -RRB- , the pump cover broke!Ugh!Now I 'm using the grow light to help sprout some new seeds to plant outside in my garden . At $ 150 , it is a heck of an expensive grow lamp!Harvest ? Well , there are about 2 dozen green tomatos and a few ripening ones . We 've only got one pepper that 's growing . Color me disappointed !
 They sell now AeroGarden 6 models with 7 holes for planting and they call it AeroGarden 7 . The problem is that AG6 uses an aquarium-style pump -LRB- that makes bubbles -RRB- which is nosier than the original , AG7 pump which was a motor + impeller and virtually silent.Since the base was clearly labelled as an AeroGarden 6 this makes me believe that they just have a stock of AG6 bases that they want to get rid of ... I tried to get the old base with pump but the customer service was not able to help me on that . They confirmed though their `` upgrade '' : `` We upgraded the Classic Gardens so all would have the same bubble technology operating system . If you received an AG6 base with seven holes for planting , you received the new AG7 . We no longer have the older ones with the pump . The only gardens that have the water pump now are the Extra and Ultra . `` I believe that , by replacing the water pump , the only improvement is to their bottom-line / margin .
 I got my Aerogarden , despite the many bad reviews on the faulty pumps . Ifigured that surely it was n't a widespread problem . I had about a week of happiness , watching most of my plants sprout . A buzzing sound started within 10 days , but it was bearable . In about 15 days , the pump could be heard in the kitchen AND the living room . After 20 days , I had to move the Aerogarden to the only room in the house where there were no occupants most of the day - the utility room . To say it is loud is an understatement . I have called the Aerogarden help line . They told me that they had replaced the pumps with a different kind , since they were having trouble with the old ones . These new ones just were n't working out either , apparently . They would replace mine immediately . I have a black Aerogarden , but the customer service rep told me I could get a white replacement pump faster than a black one !!! I agreed to the white pump , but now I 'm not sure I can wait for even that to come in . I am pretty sure I will have to pull the plug on my garden . The noise is awful , and I 'm willing to sacrifice my herbs for my sanity . They agreed to send me a replacement herb kit for the herbs I will lose . Another problem I have
 I received this product three months ago . The first seeds started to grow then died within a few weeks . The customer service center is taking a month or more to get back to customers . Two months later they say that they will send me a new package of seeds . Great except after one week the bulb burnt out after only a total of three weeks of use -LRB- 2 at the beginning and one this time -RRB- . So , now these seeds are going to fail too . Ridiculous to pay so much for nothing .
 I bought two of these directly from AeroGardens . One with the salad greens and one with the tomatoes . I 've had them for 32 days now , and the greens are about 2 '' tall and the tomatoes show one tomato plant that is no more than 1/4 '' high . I called to do an RMA . I have hydronic -LRB- infloor -RRB- heating , set at 64 degrees , which is very uniform and should not have caused my AeroGrows to fail . I checked the pH and TDS and found that they are way out of whack from what they should be for acceptable levels . I will be building my own hydroponic systems for far less money after this experiment . I am glad I got these on the trial basis which allows you to return them if not satisfied . These may work well in a warmer environment but in the long run , they will not outperform other systems that you can build cheaper and bigger . To the company 's credit , they are paying for the return shipping so I am only out the initial shipping -LRB- about $ 30 -RRB- .
 I 've owned a couple of these for several years , and have had to repeatedly replace the upright support arm -LRB- about $ 15 a pop about once a year -RRB- . The arm has two copper-covered contacts which erode -LRB- NOT corrode -RRB- to the point where the copper covering entirely disappears . The company REFUSES to acknowledge this problem , so I 've left there customer pool for good , and mm spending my time and money researching far , far cheaper alternatives using good old aquarium air pumps and air stones , soda bottles and LEDs -- you can get LED grow lights now that work in regular lamps . -LRB- I 'll probably also try a hack involving the old basins from the AG 7-pod units , but -- now that the upright arms are worthless -- using an external aquarium air pump and air stone , and a separate LED . You can find other self-contained table-top hydroponic systems for less than half the cost of these , if you do n't want to goof around with soda bottles . Yeah , the AGs are spiffy gadgets -LRB- until the copper connections fail -RRB- , but the Customer Service stinks , and you can do everything this does on your own for much , much less cash .
 FixeD the mold issue these units have . Replaced the water with dirt and killed the pump . Now I have a very expensive pot with a light .
 I purchased the 3 pod and bought the salsa garden and after 5 months of care and followed all instructions only two very small tomatoes and one very small jI purchased the 3 pod and bought the salsa garden and after 5 months of care and followed all instructions only two very small tomatoes and one very small jelapino grew and after 5 months I was really Hungary after waiting ... I gave up and now planted the basil and wow it 's growing nice . I would not buy the salsa garden pod but I will buy herbs only . elapino grew . I gave up and now planted the basil and wow it 's growing nice . I would not buy the salsa garden pod but I will buy herbs only .
 I bought this for a gift for my daughter and later she decided to return it . Aerogrow does not accept returns after 30 days ! I can see not accepting seed packets but they wo n't accept the mechanical part - the garden device ! I find that quite customer-unfriendly .
 I ordered an Elite Aerogrow Garden on April 1 , 2010 . My credit card was immediately charged and here it is April 28th and still no Aerogrow ! I have repeatedly called customer service and while the people are quite attentive I have yet to receive a shipping confirmation - no Aerogrow . I am told my product is sitting on a pallet in their shipping warehouse . My , my ... An Extremely disappointed ex-customer
 This product is an awful waste of money !!! It started to sprout within a few days as advertised and that is it . After that the only thing that grew out of this total waste of money were small bugs . The small sprouts died off and the bugs took over . What a shame because this seemed like the perfect solution to my apartment blues . Needless to I threw it in the trash after trying everything but CPR to get one little plant .
 very bad customer service.my mother who is 86 years old bought one for her grandson who happens to be in the Army . She entered the wrong address on the order . She called aerogarden immeidately and Aerogarden customer service told her to order a second one and to fix the address problem on the second order . Aerogarden could have EASILY rerouted the order to the correct address -- she called within 10 minutes of placing the order . They forced her to order a second one and then they made her pay for the freight to return it to them . poor customer service all around . very unhelpful .
 No plural there . One bowl . We used this for 3 months and it 's been collecting dust in the attic ever since . I can see this being an interesting novelty gift for city folk , but that 's it . Truly disappointed .
 Got this for Christmas last year . It drains electricity like crazy - my bill was almost doubled ! In addition , the lights are on in the middle of the night and are nearly blinding . Not worth it for herbs you can easily grow outside in pots .
 I purchased the 7-pod AeroGarden approx . five weeks ago . I immediately set it up which was very simple to do . I inserted the pods and added the water and nutrients tablets as instructed . I saw sprouts take place within a week as expected . I check everything daily anticipating growth ... well this is where we are very disappointed . After five weeks the plants grew to heights of only 11/2 inches at best . They seem dormant , stopped growing weeks ago , and basically just quit on me . I followed the instructions and ca n't understand why they quit growing other than maybe the seeds were of poor quality . We have city water which we use on all of our house plants which flurish . So . . needless to say that we are very disappointed . I will go on line and purchase seven more seed pods and hopefully things will turn out differently . By the way ... I do have a green thumb , you should see my garden outside every year ... wow !
 I 'm an experienced gardener but thought I would extend my grow season . Long story short ... paid a LOT for this system , herb plants were so wimpy and weak after two months . called them and was told they had a problem with their nutrient tablets , sent out new ones . One month later , string thin plants , no progress . I purchased new lights $ 20 per set and a new flower kit for $ 25 and continued using distilled water and ... nothing . The new flower kit sent up a few very wimpy flowers , but mainly looked rangy and unhealthy . ONe last try , bought new nutrients and still nothing much.I am trying not to add up the kit , lights , nutrients , distilled water and time that went into a few flowers and a handful of herbs . I grow 100 times that much in pots on my deck.Also , its very important to note that I tried twice to post my reviews on their website and guess what ? Disappeared.They only post top rated reviews , no complaints welcome . Kudos to Amazon , amazing that you can get the true scoop from others instead of a bunch of fake positive reviews , right?Save your money , this is a gimmick ,
 This could have been so cool ! What an awsome idea ! I loved it at first and it worked great , at least for the herbs . The problem is that after just three crops , the pump gave out . But what can you expect when the pump is essentially the same size as an oversized postage stamp ? Total rip-off ... -LRB- and btw , I DID thoroughly clean it and get the stray roots out of the filter so do n't blame the failure on lack of maintenance -RRB- If you 're interested in a small hydroponic garden for the kitchen , I would suggest searching around for some quality units.-johnvisnaskas@yahoo.com
 I have had my Aerogarden for about nine months . I am definitely not impressed . I planted my first set of gourmet herbs which came with the garden , and all I ever got to harvest and use was tons of basil , more than I could ever use , and a little cilantro . The dill , mint , chives , and parsley never grew big enough to use . And I was really looking forward to picking fresh sprigs of mint anytime I wanted to make a mojito . I have been waiting months for that mojito . My results never looked anything like the big bushes of herbs they show on the infomercials . I planted my second round of herbs about 6 weeks ago . This time , most of my herbs did not even germinate . And my pump rattles ridiculously loud . I e-mailed the company and they are more than helpful and are sending out a new seed kit and a new pump . I am not looking forward to installing that pump after reading others experiences . For the money , it is not worth the very small amount of useable herbs .
 I wrote a long review of this product -- I purchased three -LRB- 3 -RRB- -- and then decided it was too long for anyone to wade through . So the following is the Reader 's Digest version : `` YOU 'LL LOVE IT -- OR YOUR MONEY BACK `` That 's what 's in large print at the top of the Aerogarden guarantee . And in the TV ad the founder of the company goes even further and says he 'll even pay return shipping charges.I do n't have my three aerogardens now . To me they 're not worth wasting electricity on . And did Aerogarden refund my money ? No . But they did send me a form-type letter indicating no responsibility on their part because more than 36 DAYS had passed and I 'd purchased the aerogardens from Amazon . SO MY SUGGESTION IS TO READ THE FINE PRINT AND GOOD LUCK !
 I bought this with such high hopes of having fresh herbs all winter -LRB- we successfully grow all kinds during the summer -RRB- and I was SO disappointed ! I followed the directions to the letter and did everything exactly as I was supposed to ... to no avail . Only 3 of the 8 plants even grew and were available to eat and after 3 months they ALL died . Do n't waste your money ... I wish I had n't !
 Little over priced for what it is . The lights are way too bright , so if you do not have a room to put it in , you will get a headache from the light . Where they show it sitting in a kitchen , I believe it to be very impractical.I have n't had mine long enough yet to get any product from it , but the plants are growing nicely .
 After 3 weeks , all that is growing is the two Basils and dill - no sign of anything coming upin the other three pods .
 I wish it were easy for me to get a picture up for this review . The reason is that the mint is gangly to the point that I have not yet harvested it and it has been six weeks . The Cilantro did not even sprout , never mind that one . The dill consists of five little sprites , not exactly harvestable either . The two plants that did well are the regular and the red basil . We have been eating those and they taste good . Overall , I 'd say this thing is a mixed bag . It is very easy to do , yes absolutely . It allows you to grow plants all year long in a controlled environment , yes . Does it work ? In mcase it does not , I 'd say it is pretty bad that it comes advertised a certain way - beautful ful plants and then when you do it yourself and you follow all instructions you will absolutely not get the same results . Personally I think it is not worth it , and I 'd gladly take a refund . By the way , the replacement capsules for your next batch are 20 dollars ! How do you spell rip off ? I 'd stay clear from this one .
 It took 2 kits to get a full garden . Only 2 seeds grew on the first kit . I wrote to aerogarden and they sent me a replacement , told me to use distilled water -LRB- the kit said not to use distilled water , to use tap water -RRB- . I received the replacement kit quickly and was able to get some more growth from new seeds , but took a few more times . There are 7 spots , 2 grew with first kit , 3 more grew with second kit , and 2 more are still waiting on . I like this product , but should be as easy as they said . I really like the customer service that went with the product though .
 I bought this unit on special from Amazon . I have followed the instructions to the letter and after 7 weeks , the only thing that can be harvested is the chives . Dill is doing ok , but looks nothing like the pictures . Basils , mint , parsley and thyme have barely past the sprouting point . I will try one more kit and if this does n't work it is going in the next yard sale .
 This thing is huge . At full height it wo n't fit on the counter under the kitchen cabinets . So definitely think about where you 'll put this before you buy it . Also , the output was n't what I expected . I 've grown the herb kit and the tomato kit . It 's easier to grow tomatoes outside than in this thing . I got a lot of dill from the herb kit , not much else . I do n't even use dill that much . I 'll definitely stick with an outdoor garden next year .
 It sounded neat but it has some major drawbacks . Only 2 weeks after purchasing it the water level low light came on and wo n't turn off . Only half of the pods appear to be sprouting - the others died -LRB- for a $ 20 seed kit I expect all to live -RRB- . The lights are very bright and the motor can be distracting but is n't too bad . Every 6 months you need to replace the bulbs .
 I bought an AeroGarden for my wife back in May . I 'll start with the positives
 Bought a unit for my 80 year old Mother at Christmas . Great for a month . And the pump started making noise . Got so bad she had to turn it off . Emailed the company and they sent a new pump out . That one lasted another month . Noise could be heard all over the house . Emailed company again . No reponse . Called several times . Customer service got back to me and said they had a batch of faulty pumps from China and new ones were arriving the beginning of April . They had been redesigned . One would be shipped by the 15th of April . Its now June 4th and nothing . I have left several messages with customer service . Hoping one of these days someone will call me back and take care of this . With the kits and shipping this cost me over $ 200 . And I am unable to return it since almost 6 months has passed . I should of returned it right away .
 High Promise , Less DeliveryI started growing tomatoes with my AeroGarden about two months ago . I got my first flower a few days ago , the first step towards tomatoes . Unfortunately , the pump on the device stopped working the next day.The FAQ on their web site advises me to open the device , take it apart , and clean the pump . They provide seven -LRB- 7 ! -RRB- pages of instructions to follow and the process requires the use of a flat head screwdriver , small pliers , butter knife and soap . You also have to provide containers to put the liquid in and find a place for the plants that require their roots to be maintained under water . They claim the cleaning will take 20 to 25 minutes on the first attempt.It actually took about 15 minutes to complete , but then my pump was perfectly clean ! The problem was not the pump , the problem was that the root system became so extensive after two months of growing , that the mass of roots blocked the pump intake located at the bottom of the tower.When your pump stops working , I suggest before you go to the bother of taking the pump apart , that you first try trimming the root system around the bottom of the pump tower . That is a MUCH EASER REPAIR compared to taking the whole thing apart . At any rate , I put everything back together , and the pump now works.I have several suggestions for AeroGarden management . Number one suggestion , do something about your NON RESPONSIVE CUSTOMER SUPPORT . Perhaps they answer the phone , but if you send them an email , do n't expect a response . Its been one week since I sent them a question about the pump failure ... no response to this date . Email communications is worthless with this company , so if you need help , call them . From what I have read about their phone customer service , you might want to have a few snacks at hand and use a speaker phone so you can do other things while you wait.Number two , I suggest that management learn a bit about a concept called `` Maintainability '' . Its related to designing a product so its easy to maintain . Apparently the pump on these things need to be maintained . A little point that is not mentioned in the sales literature . Having to take the thing apart to get at the pump so you can clean the filter is silly and reflects a lack of design competence . It would be a cinch to design something better this . I hope potential competitors are listening.Number Three , add to your pump failure instructions the fact that the root system could be blocking the water intake at the bottom of the pump tower . If your pump stops working , the first thing you should do is to move the roots away from the bottom of the pump tower . You can trim the bottom of the roots with a scissor if you are careful . If that works , you have just saved yourself a lot of trouble that you did not need to go through.Number Four , the growth feeding tablets are hydroscopic . That means they attract water . Keeping them in the little plastic bag provided will , in time , result in their merging together into a large amorphous mass . Management should provide a more water vapor resistant plastic vile to keep the growth feeding tablets in . Of course , that might cost five cents , so its not likely going to happen . So at the minimum , I suggest that users of the thing supply the necessary vile.In Summary , we have an intriguing product , where little attention has been devoted to maintenance design . We have incomplete instructions with respect to trouble shooting in the event the pump stops working . We have non responsive customer service , so if you do have a problem , and you expect to save your current plants , you are pretty much on your own.By the way , why is this thing called an `` Aero '' garden ? Its a hydroponics garden so it would seem that `` Aqua '' or `` Hydro '' or `` H2O '' garden would be a more appropriate name.Would I recommend it ? I bought the device because I wanted to learn more about hydroponics gardening . I expected little , so my expectations were met . Its a thought provoking gadget , but given all of the faults in conjunction with non responsive customer support , I have to rate it more in the un-met promise category ... that 's two stars . I ca n't justify higher ratings when you have a company that provides customer service at this level of ineptitude.Additional Info as of August 2008I have tried an additional Cherry tomato crop -LRB- see my review of the cherry tomato seed kit -RRB- . Based on Amazon seed kit reviews , it appears that about 70 % of the tomato seed kit reviews are negative . So its not just me . My second batch of tomato 's consists of a few marble sized yellow tomatoes , and NO red tomatoes . I am out of nutrients , and I am not going to pay AeroGrows inflated price for more nutrients . I suggest that the cherry tomato kits have a limited shelf life and that AeroGrow is ignoring that . What else can explain 70 % negative reviews under controlled growing conditions ? Save your money and do n't bother with the Cherry tomatos unless you are willing to throw the dice . I am going to try an herb kit next . If it does not do better , I will probably take the thing apart and redesign it correctly .
 I received a 7 pod aero garden a couple years ago as a Christmas gift . For 2 years I really liked it . I had fresh herbs all winter long it was great . Then last Christmas I received more seeds to plant . I got the seeds all ready and plugged in the Aero garden . It was broke and unfixable and the warranity had run out . I really would like another one but it is not worth the money for just 2 years .
 They 're certainly designed like razors , you pay for a lot of unnecessarily hard to replace parts . As far as I see it here are the major issues with the unit :1 . Undersized failure prone pump . We had and have pump issues , a lot of the reviews here mention it , and even their website is once again backordered . If they 'd gone with even a slightly larger pump they 'd have only a fraction of these issues . The filter is also directly placed against the pump , this dramatically drops it 's efficiency and means the slightest amount of debris will completely obstruct the pump .2 . Underpowered lighting that forces you to either stick with the fixed times hardwired into the unit -LRB- computerized ! -RRB- or buy an additional cord , because other than using a non-standard fitting -LRB- so you have to buy another cord -RRB- the lights themselves plug into rather specialized fixtures which mostly eliminates your ability to just swap BETTER units in . The lights that come stock are neither particularly efficient or very high in output.There 's no easy solution for the pump issue , the quality control on them is so poor it seems to be a very hit or miss prospect to find one that works long term . The lighting is also an issue , as you 'll be seriously restricted in what plants you can grow well with fixed photoperiods and relatively low light intensity.Overall I would not recommend this unit to anyone . There are far better designed and less failure prone systems that have already been on the market for years . The general design & build reminds me of the `` sharper image '' gadgets that would fall apart the 2nd time they were used seriously .
 Mine just arrived a couple of days ago , so plants have n't grown yet . However , just wanted to share how important it is to have the right place for the thing . The lights are VERY bright , and you 'd need to have a huge kitchen counter to place it on . It is bigger than I expected , and kind of intrusive . If I had seen it in person , I would not have bought it . Measure your space carefully before buying , and consider having very bright light almost all the time !
 I loved the idea of this but my white colored model turned a bright and very ugly yellow with one grow period . it looks revolting . I contacted the company and they refused to simply replace the top piece which had yellowed like this with one season of normal usage . . I am very disapointed with bot the customer service support as well as the quality of the item .
 though i did not purchase this through amazon , i did get this recently from thw grocery store , and have to admit im really disappointed . i followed the instructions the first evening EXACTLY as instructed with the included paper , and no results . the second day , i brewed just a little longer , still no luck , -LRB- basing this off some other comments from other users here on amazon -RRB- then today i only did 6oz , not 12 as the paper instructs , and even brewed this for 6 minutes . still nothing.i really wanted this to work for me like it has for others , i had heard good things and was so excited , but still no luck . i guess im one of those people this doesnt affect . ill keep trying it daily till i run out , but looks like ill have to try something else.as for taste , its not bad . just tastes like tea leaves , not deliciously fantastic , but not nose-pinchingly undrinkable . good luck to anyone else . hope you have more success with this than i did
 the one i got says `` cleanse '' on the box , I do n't know what it means , but I know that I picked the one that does n't say `` cleanse '' on the box . i 'm all the more angry because that one costs way cheaper . and all the more am i angry because i 'm not going to bother to go through the refund process . plus it took it ages to arrive
 I have no idea what all these reviews for this brand of dieters tea are talking about . I followed the directions nothing happened . Brewed a stronger cup-still nothing.Even measured out the water to 6oz and let the tea bag seep for five minutes-nothing just stronger tasting tea . On the box it tells you not to drink more than 1 cup in a 24 hour period - I drank three the other day not even thinking about it and nothing happened ! Just tasted like cranberry tea and nothing else . Strange .
 I bought this product based off reviews saying it tastes great and I was extremely disappointed . As soon as I started steeping it this smell filled my kitchen -LRB- my daughter even asked what the horrible smell was -RRB- . Sadly , it was this tea . I tried it and it tastes like sweaty socks also . It is so gross . I have tried adding honey , drinking it cold , drinking it hot , etc and they all taste horrible . As far as a diet aid , I do n't think so . I guess if you had a lot of excrement in you , possibly . I even doubled the suggested amount and I still did not anything happen -LRB- and no , I was not on the toilet a lot either -RRB- . All in all , this product was a big thumbs down to me .
 I ordered this product a week ago and I have not recieved it yet . I do n't know where it is . My credit card has been charged and their has been no tea as of yet on my doorstep . I am not happy . I go to the tracking site and it ca n't even tell me where it is . I do n't see a number anywhere to call . I fear I 've been duped .
 I was so hoping to love this product after reading some of the good reviews , however , these made me so nauseous and sick . i do n't think i can ever drink tea again because of how sick these made me feel . It might have just been a reaction to my system , and my system only ... but i 'm throwing my box away !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! : o -LRB-
 I got the tea fast , and followed the instructions , only drinking 1/2 cup , which had no effect on my system , it taste pretty good though .
 Purchased two packages of the 10-count Stand 'N Stuff shells . Out of twenty shells only five were intact . Very poor packaging on this product .
 The best thing about this expensive decaf is the shiny , purple packaging . The flavor is nothing special , certainly not as good as my favorite decafs from Durango Coffee , which cost about half as much . Save your money .
 I was looking for a really good special treat coffee - something very dark , but not bitter . Since I 'm limited to decaf only once or twice a week , I want to be sure that what I 'm drinking is special . This really was n't it . So far , I 've been happiest with Kicking Horse and Starbuck 's Sumatra decaf , neither of which , unfortunately , is organic . My search continues .
 I bought this come because it said it would help with your teeth but I found most chewing gum carries the same ingredients so I do n't suggest buying it for their advertised reason . As far as taste goes it tastes rather fruity for maybe 20 seconds and then the flavor quickly fades . In my opinion not worth buying better off just buying a regular packet of gum . You 'll find most sugar free gum contains xylitol . The set look at the packaging .
 To make sure everyone has a clear view before buying , the other side of the coin is that studies show xylitol also causes some health problems , such as headaches and queasiness.Personally , every time I consume or chew something with xylitol , I ca n't eat the rest of the day because I get so queasy .
 The flavor did n't even last two minutes . I did n't expect it to last long but less than two minutes ! Total waste of money .
 The gum is far too sweet , and the flavor wears off in mere minutes . That it contains Xylitol is great , but other flavors and brands do too , and I will try those instead of buying this again .
 2 stars because it actually delivers xylitol to my mouthhowever , as far as i can tell , all of the xylitol is found in the hard coating , not in the gum itself . therefore , unless you avoid chewing the gum , virtually all of the xylitol goes into salival suspension within a couple minutes , and you either have to swish a mouthful of spit around in order to expose your mouth biota to the xylitol for an extended period , or continually add new pieces of gum.-3 stars because the xylitol is only present in a significant amount as long as i dont swallow . the economics of buying pure bulk xylitol are probably better . the xylitol shouldve been infused into the gum.no word on if it helps slow or halt tooth decay , if anyone knows a strong strategy on remineralizing teeth -LRB- other than a better diet , im broke -RRB- please let me know in the comments , thanks .
 I use Spry xylitol gum regularly for a variety of reasons . I 've tried all flavors and this is by far the worst , with a strong artificial taste . Try one of the natural flavors . Two stars instead of one just because it 's xylitol .
 This Fresh Fruit Spry gum has artificial flavor , and the taste is not that great . The Spry Spearmint gum is naturally flavored and really tastes great .
 We 've gotten other flavors of Spry gum from natural food stores and liked them . So , I was excited to see fruit flavor available . However , I was very disappointed when we received it and it was artificially flavored . Not a big deal to most people , but it is to us . The only reason I ordered it was because I thought it was all natural . My kids did try it before we realized it , and they liked the flavor , but I ended up throwing most of it away . If I want artificially flavored gum , I can get that anywhere . I do n't need to order it . So , if your buying this just for the no sugar aspect this might be okay , but if you want `` all natural '' look for something else .
 The flavor does not lasted long , also of concern is that its imported from china . Hope mine is pure without any crap in it . Wish I knew about this before I purchased six of them .
 I bought Spry in the past because it was the only gum I found that did n't have artificial sweeteners . I 'm look at the label and the 4th ingredient is `` banana & pineapple -LRB- artificial flavoring -RRB- `` Amazon does n't list this ingredient ! This listing states '' SugarFree Gum Sweetened with 100 % All Natural Xylitol Spry Dental Defense System '' which is VERY misleading . If I wanted artificial sweeteners I would go to any store and pick up a pack cheep .
 Holds the flavor worse than fruit stripe gum .4 secs of awesomeness then it tastes like a chewing a tire .
 I had heard good things about Pro FlowersThose sent to my recovering family member arrived wilted and dyingGranted the weather was in the 100sThey just didnt stay cool enough to survive the boxNo more summer flower orders from our family
 I was disappointed because these cherries are so dry there are tough . I buy a mixture from qvc that is so moist therefore I am disappointed in these cherries /
 Use the basket twice and dissatisfied due to difficult to clean and slow to cook . Simple metal strainer works much better .
 I did n't care for the taste of these . I wanted to love them and use them as a `` chip '' substitute but it just did n't work for me . You do get a lot so I will use them in spaghetti sauce .
 This was really one of the worst purchases I have made online . The fruit would not ripen and finally had to be discarded . The photos are lovely and the description `` Guavas have a subtle and floral flavor with sweet and sour undertones . Soft and creamy when ripe , Guavas have a fully edible rind and small seeds that are edible too . No one can resist its rare and irresistible floral aroma . One bite will transport you to a tropical paradise . '' was really enticing.Sadly , not only was I not transported to the tropical paradise , no floral aroma and certainly not creamy they never ripened.Of course , had the fruit ripened I would have enjoyed the delightful fragrance that only Guava can give and would have relished every bite .
 The guavas were not very ripe and did not ripen over time . There were two that could not be eaten .
 These chestnuts are dry , flavorless , and very expensive ... do not waste your money on them ... I have contacted Melissa 's about the problem and have gotten no response ... stay away from this company !!!
 I Do n't know how they can say plump and juicy . . my were dried out so hard I could crack them in my hand.The delivery time was n't bad ... too bad the black berries were of such poor quality . ' Were these supposed to be freeze dried ? It did n't mention that in the description nor any instructions as how to `` plump em ' back up '' ? I 'm very disappointed .
 I was expecting a somewhat moist and chewy product like the dried cranberries I purchase in the grocery store to use in baking . This product is dry and crispy and not appropriate for use in baking or stuffing for poultry . It 's not bad , it 's just not what I was expecting and I do n't know quite what to do with it .
 I bought this as a gift for my father because he loves Hot Dog bubble gum , but when I got them they were not the original flavor that I ordered as it says in the description . Instead I got cinnamon flavor which is not as good as the original gum . I was very dissapointed and the packaging was really crappy . Had it been the original bubble gum I order as it said in the description it would have been fine . Also I tryed to contact the sellers and could not get in touch with them . I sent emails to them about my problem as well and never got a reply . Never ordering again !! Sad deal .
 Thought this is Japan made and purchased at almost $ 25 for $ 2 + a pack , I had bought other brands in local stores for a lot cheaper , this is the worst bean thread I had so far . Wish I could return it . My experience with Amazon is always satisfied except when it came to grocery products . From now on I stop buying food online .
 This product is a shoddy replacement for their European Dutch-Processed cocoa -LRB- in the silver container -RRB- which I used exclusively with fantastic results . I was mortified when they discontinued it . At first I was glad to see they put out another Dutch-processed cocoa . What a letdown . This product is over-processed -LRB- they used too much alkali -RRB- , is bitter and is headed for the trash . What was Hershey 's thinking ? They had a wonderful product that they discontinued and replaced with a lousy product . I will now only use Peet 's Dutch-Processed Cocoa or Callebaut .
 This is Hershey 's `` new '' version of what they called `` European Style Dutch Processed Cocoa , '' which was in a silver , white and red box . They updated the ESDP Cocoa to European Style Dutch Processed Cocoa -- Special Dark.I used to buy the old version -LRB- silver box -RRB- by the case . We LOVED it . It made the BEST hot cocoa , mousse and icings . It was rich , smooth and had a wonderful chocolate flavor . -LRB- The only way I can describe the difference is the old version was more like devil 's food cake than dark chocolate cake . -RRB- I called Hershey 's this Christmas -LRB- 2005 -RRB- to see if I could order another case . I was told they do n't make it anymore , the updated version is the special dark.I bought the special dark and tried it in several recipes . Even my kids did n't like the hot cocoa with the new Hersheys . The special dark is too dark -- and I do n't really mean bittersweet -LRB- which I like . -RRB- It 's not as rich as the old version and seems a little bland . I do n't know what Hersheys did , but I 'll be going to another cocoa . At one time I had a large tin of Guittard , which I will probably go back to.Lark
 I used to buy the old version -LRB- silver box -RRB- . My whole family loved it . It was the best affordable European Style cocoa powder on the market . I used it for everything , from hot cocoa , brownies and birthday cake fillings to chocolate mousse and truffles . It was rich , smooth and had a wonderful chocolate flavor . It was great !!! This year , before Easter , I run out of cocoa . I went to different stores trying to find my favorite cocoa - Hershey 's European Style . I could n't find it ! I called Hershey 's to see if I could order some and I was told they do n't make it anymore , the updated version is the special dark . I bought it but I promise not to make this mistake ever again ! It is black , without any flavor , and very unpleasant . If this is Hershey 's specialists idea of `` European Style - Dutch Processed Cocoa '' they are wrong ! Maybe they need a trip to Holland to drink some good dark cocoa and attend some training !
 Hershey 's silver can Dutched cocoa uses to be one of `` go to '' standards , I 'm very disappointed with the Special Dark cocoa . Bring the original back !
 I also used the silver can version until discontinued last spring . I contacted Hershey to see why they changed it and what was the difference . They said they had improved it to give it a richer , more intense flavor . I suggest they go back to the drawing board or better yet back to the silver can.I make one of the best devil 's food cake around , rich chocolate , moist , etc. even after freezing . -LRB- And the chocolate pies were just as enjoyable . -RRB- Now it is dry , lacks any flavor -LRB- icing as well -RRB- and is a great dissapointment to all.It does n't rate one star !
 I do n't know if the change was finances-driven -LRB- is n't it almost always -RRB- or simply product development trying to justify their existence , but Hershey 's new version of dutch processed cocoa is new but not remotely improved . The old Hershey 's dutch cocoa was a top-notch product for those on a budget -- great flavor , no harsh or bitter flavors , no interruption of texture . This cocoa guts most of that success with its strange twang -LRB- cocoa may taste earthy , but not dirty -RRB- and powdery texture . For goodness sake Hershey , take a page from Coke and just say no to `` new '' Hersheys Special Dark Cocoa .
 I use this and actually do like it . I buy some thingsin bulk from Amazon because I can get a price that isless than I can buy it at the store . My Publix alwayscarries this for 3.49 / per . This price is almost 4.00 / per.Maybe you could check with another supplier , Amazon . Iwill buy it if it 's less than what my Publix sells it for .
 So angry about this price on this item . You can get this from any number of national supermarket chains for less than $ 6 -LRB- on the high side -RRB- and if you 're not near one of them , several of them will ship ! What a rip-off !
 I 've used the silver can dutch cocoa for years and have always loved it . This Special Dark version is darker and does not taste nearly as good as the silver can variety . I had to make two batches of chocolate icing , and I only had enough silver can cocoa for one , so I used the new stuff for the second batch . The colors were completely different . The Special Dark version was almost black and did n't taste nearly as good . I had to mix the two batches together so that my cake did n't look bad . I think that people in my area are n't so impressed with the Special Dark version -- I 've noticed that it is no longer available at any of my local grocery stores .
 I have even written to Hershey 's to ask what happen to the Dutch Processed Cocoa -LRB- silver can -RRB- and they tried to tell me that the new can was the same thing . Do they think we are stupid ? The cocoas DO NOT even look or taste the same !!! What 's up with Hershey 's ? Does it have anything to do with their move to Mexico ?? I just do n't get it . Why would a product that so many people LOVE be taken off the shelf ?? Something just does n't add up here . I 've given up on the Hershey 's cocoa that my mother used to make her famous fudge for years . Really hated to see this one go .
 Natural cocoa powder is ideal for baking . Dutch processed cocoa is ideal for items that are not baked , like hot chocolate drinks . This mixture is not ideal for anything . Shame on Hershey 's for replacing a very good product -LRB- 100 % dutch processed cocoa -RRB- with this inferior one .
 I , too , used `` Silver Can '' Hershey 's European Style Cocoa for many years . I ordered it by the case from Hershey , because no local stores stocked it . It had a delightful flavor and aroma , and the color was very dark , but not unnaturally black like this stuff . Hot Cocoa made with Special Dark looks like dirt , rather than chocolate , and is nearly flavorless in comparison with Silver Can cocoa . I 'm only sorry I have to give it one star in order to review it . BTW , I found a very nice dutch process cocoa -- not as good as Silver Can , but very close -- from an online spice shop located in Colorado . It 's a bit more expensive than Hershey , but not cost prohibitive . Have n't bought a can of Hershey 's cocoa since .
 We just bought -LRB- from Amazon.com -RRB- a soft ice cream maker and while we love the maker we are n't thrilled with the fact that getting Dutch processed cocoa -LRB- the only kind recommended for use in ice cream -RRB- is very difficult.One thing for sure -- this ai n't it . It 's only average in flavor , no where near what chocolate ice cream should taste like . The fact they replaced their `` silver can '' product -LRB- the one recommended by all ice cream makers -RRB- with this one is despicable . One reviewer here likened it to the `` new Coke '' fiasco but this is worse , because there are few alternatives -LRB- at least with new Coke there was Pepsi : > -RRB- If you are going to make ice cream you might want to try the Ghiradelli Dutch processed sweetened variety -- yes it is sweetened and thus you 'll need to adjust your recipes , but it 's easily obtained and reasonably priced . Everyone recommended Droste but we 've yet to be able to find it locally.Shame on Hershey !
 Why , oh why , ca n't I get straight Dutch processed cocoa ? I bought this blend by accident -LRB- thought I was getting DP cocoa because of tricky labeling -RRB- and was severely disappointed . I use a lot of cocoa , and this blend is still sitting in my cupboard after 9 months . Time to search the internet for another company that sells DP cocoa.Attention Hershey 's , in the meantime , what are we to do for recipes that use DP cocoa ??? PS . This Hersheys blend tastes worse than than the two parts . IMHO DP and non-alkali cocoa should not be blended until just before using .
 I gave this one star because it is impossible to give it zero . As others have mentioned , the old , silver box `` European Style Dutched Cocoa '' was my standard for any recipe that involved cocoa - cake , brownies , cookies , anything . Then a few years ago , they replaced it with this crap . And it is crap , absolute crap . The distinctively darker color that resulted from using the old cocoa is gone , as is the taste . Now it 's worse in comparison to even the original hershey 's cocoa.There is absolutely no reason to buy this product .
 Awful tasting stuff , stupid me bought the 6 Pk . Ca n't feed it to the dogs , maybe the kids?I wonder where they got this `` stuff '' from ? I call it stuff as it not chocolate that I know and love .
 candy arrived broken ~ not good quality and unable to use the broken pieces in Christmas arrangement . I would neverparchase these again .
 I bought this item as a gift for a gentleman who plays Santa Claus every year . He always mentions this candy . It arrived in a halfway crushed box and the candy was all broken into pieces . This is terrible as I have no choice but to give it as his gift with the time left until Christmas . Very disappointed in the seller of this product . if you sell candy that is to be shipped , then PACK IT to be shipped as ordered .
 We have been eating this candy since we were kids and it 's hard to find in stores . When I saw it on Amazon I was thrilled . . then I read the reviews !! Most people said it was all broken when it came in . I ordered it anyway hoping for the best . Sure enough when I revceived it , it was in tiny smashed pieces . . Not in the beautiful ribbons like it 's supposed to be . . I gave it two stars because the flavor of the candy is still delicious . . Ca n't be served for company though , shame . . because it 's really delicious .
 This is one of those things that I must have for the holidays . Walmart has always been a reliable supplier . . until this year . Even so their price was typically around $ 2.00 per box . When I saw this on Amazon my first thought was that it was for a CASE of , at least , 4 boxes.It looks like I 'll miss out this year because the price is so obscenely out of line with the value .
 You can get this same brand for about 3 bucks at Walmart . Candy is great , but do n't see the reason for such a high charge .
 This product came to me stale.I would not oder candy again.I did not send it back and I should have.Will not buy again .
 Was disappointed with this candy . Was n't the same quality and most of the ribbons were broken . The flavor was good ... just not the same quality I 'm used to .
 The shipment arrived within the number of days specified , but the packaging was insufficient . The candy arrived broken , some in quite small pieces .
 This stuff is good in that it is candy and it tastes good but it is thick and nothing like the real old fashion ribbon candy you are looking for .
 It came broken in pieces . The ribbon was dull and useless . I had to just throw away i do n't recommend to anyone
 i bought this candy out of nostalgia for my childhood . My mother always bought ribbon candy to have around the house at Christmas time . When i saw the product on amazon , i purchased it with the idea of experiencing those same tastes . unfortunately , the candy arrived all broken but it was still edible so i ate some of each color/flavor . None of them had a strong flavor . They tasted very bland , in fact . Did not taste like I recalled from my childhood .
 This brand of ribbon candy is tasty enough but hardly what I 'd call thin . If you , like me , are looking for the super-thin -LRB- almost glass like -RRB- stuff that dear ol' grandma used to serve up at Christmastime , this ai n't it.And , as has been my experience more frequently these days , products sold via Amazon are not always the best price . I found this at my local meat specialty shop for almost half what they 're asking here .
 First I must comment on the price . It cost about 3 times more than what it should cost . I ordered it for my mother in law who was unable to find it . When it arrived it was as if a steam roller ran over the candy and then they put it in the box . The box was in perfect shape , so it was n't as if a damaged box caused this . I was very disappointed with this rather expensive purchase .
 When I purchased this product it was stale and was very hard to eat . It was disgusting dry and stale .
 i purchased this same product at rite-aid for 1 dollar in the christmas clearance aisle . it tasted delicious -- even more so for the price !!!
 I 'm pumping at work and looked for a product to increase or maintain milk production . I started drinking this tea and thought perhaps it was working . It had a decent taste once I added the sugar . Unfortunately I noticed that my daughter started having really painful gas at night when I nursed at home . I could n't figure out what had changed til I recalled the other reviews of this product . I stopped drinking the tea and her painful gas stopped . oh well , it was worth a shot !
 Vendor never shipped the product and did not contact me to tell me . I finally tried several times to contact the vendor , and was advised item was out of stock . This after it was too late for making Christmas candy for gift giving .
 My order arrived promptly but unfortunately NECCO decided to change the recipe of a long time favorite and their new `` original '' wafer is not at all like the true `` original '' . The true original had great flavor and color , the new original is tasteless and faded pastel colors . Necco should re-label their new recipe product to avoid confusion .
 Beware . These are NOT the original Neccos ! Neccos went `` all natural '' in 2009 . Lime could not make the transition , so now there are 7 flavors instead of 8 . And the remaining 7 do not look like or taste like the original Neccos . They 're faded in color , and I can barely discern white from purple from yellow from orange . The flavors are just `` off '' . Not sure why they felt they needed to go `` all natural '' . I mean it is candy after all . And the main ingredient is still sugar . If you remember and loved Neccos , I urge you to contact them at necco.com and let them know how you feel . Beet powder and purple cabbage in candy . Who ever heard of such a thing ?
 I have been a Necco wafer lover for most of my life-and still am-even at the age of 65 ! But , I WILL NOT EAT THIS DISGUSTING STUFF!They have ruined Necco wafers-I ca n't even tell what the flavors are ! I quit buying them and will continue to do so until they bring back the right ones-the GOOD ones .
 A couple of people commented that this candy is the same ORIGINAL product as the ones many of us remember from our childhood . It is NOT ! I just received mine , and was expecting the same delightful taste from my childhood in the late 40 's ... I 'm extremely disappointed ! The colors are faded , and there is virtually no flavor at all ! The packaging reads `` original '' , which I find to be false advertising . This is NOT the original Necco wafers that I grew up with , or that I ate just a couple of years ago . Very sad indeed !
 Bought as a gift for husband who wanted a miniature orchid for his bottle garden - is is not in garden yet as it still has not flowered . Better or some instruction would have been nice .
 I order 2 cases , -LRB- 12 packs per case -RRB- , every 45 days or so . In the past , a few crackers were broken . No problem . In my last 2 orders , nearly 3/4 of the crackers werw either broken or totally crumbled ! When Amazon shipped the packages , there was very little packing material to protect the crackers . I currently have 2 , unopened cases . Crackers or crumbs ?
 I tried one bite of this cracker and had to throw it away for fear of cracking my teeth . Buy the Wasa 7 Grain instead -- the 7 grain is light and crispy .
 I bought these crackers thinking that they were going to be a healthy snack , but they are way too hard and they do n't taste very good . I do n't recommend you wasting your money on these .
 I am a bit disappointed in this product . I have tried it before when I was on my cruise . The cake was super moist and it taste delicious . That is what prompted me to order this cake online . When I finally sampled the cake it was very dry . It was n't moist nor could you taste the rum . I believed the cake was old . It was not fresh at all . I guess I will have to go to the Caymen Islands to get the full experience .
 Taste like rum so if like rum you love but alo did n't like use to small to shre and too big for single serving . Like giant donut . The flavors in variety pack are gross to me
 Sent this to my dad for his 79th birthday . Mom said the cakes tasted good , but were super dry . Kept saying it over and over . They were so dry . Makes me sad that I sent him something with such poor quality for his birthday .
 While I love the Tortuga Cakes and have ordered them many times in the past I sadly need to leave bad feedback on my gift order this past Thanksgiving . The person who was to have received the order - DID NOT receive the order and I have no recourse but to ask them -LRB- they are in their 80s -RRB- to look under bushes , walk down the road and check with their neighbors , etc. to see if the package was miss-delivered or left outside in their absence . I will not be ordering Tortuga cakes -LRB- or any other items from Amazon that involved USPS delivery -RRB- as I ca n't rely -LRB- nor have no recourse on failure of the USPS -RRB- to deliver . Very disappointed !
 Unfortunately , i never received my tortuga rum cakes . UPS left this with someone in the building and I never ever received it I went to the person 's apt . after tracking the order and to pickup the cakes and they said UPS gave them a computer which they had ordered instead . No cakes . So I ca n't tell you if the cakes were good or bad.Please do not let UPS leave anything with anyone unless you 're home to sign for it . This happened this Christmas 2008 , I was heartbroken because I had paid for this already including shipping and handling . It added to an unhappy part of my Christmas.Thanks .
 Describing this material as `` cranberry tea '' seems unfortunate . It is merely bitter black tea with a few shreds of something not definable . Perhaps I should have realized from the picture that it would have no cranberry flavor or scent and ordered the cranberry-apple instead . I will return it to the company and they can compost it , because that is its only value . Laurence
 My wife says that it does not taste like olive oil . She is Italian . She knows what real olive oil tastes like . We put a small amount in the fridge . It would not freeze or thicken for anything . Real olive oil is supposed to thicken when cold . The company even lied to me by telling me that the olive oil tests on the internet which labeled Colavita as fake were because they used old batches of Colavita . I was stupid enough to believe them . Colavita is owned by the mafia . Do not believe anything they tell you .
 Bought this at a local market , on sale thankfully , and am fully disappointed . It 's bitter and does n't have great olive flavor , though it is quite a beautiful green color . If you 're looking for a mid-premium olive oil I 'd recommend Alessi or Lucini way over this product and both are in the same price range .
 This is perfect for making ice tea . Blends well with the hot tea and then they cool to perfection ! I use one squeezed lemon , 2/3 cup Equal and 6 tea bags per 2 gallons of water . Just great ! Thanks to Amazon . It 's the only place I have been able to find Equal in canisters in a couple of years .
 I normally do not write reviews , but I decided to write one in this case to help fellow buyers . We recently bought 2 tins -LRB- 1-ounce -RRB- of this item and I am VERY disappointed with the quality of the saffron . Despite its steep price , it is not pure saffron . We are seeing instant loss of color when dipped in water . The threads are breaking down almost instantly in water . Also , the taste and aroma are not very rich . I am quite disappointed with quality of the product and will never buy from this seller again .
 My husband bought a package of Ann 's House of Nuts Swiss Mix the other day . I took one look at the ingredients list -LRB- posted at the end of my review -RRB- and thought , `` How ridiculous . Why all those ingredients , things you would never have in your kitchen , when really it 's just dried fruit , nuts , candy-coated chocolate and peanut butter chips ? `` Tonight , in a fit of the late night munchies , I decided to try some.Yuck . There 's no taste ! The raisins are bland , the nuts have no flavor . Even the chocolate is boring . The dried pineapple has a powdery texture . Barf ... Here 's a recipe for you , if you 're in the mood for trail mix
 I bought this vanilla powder in Whole Foods , I assumed that Whole Foods sell best products . Unfortunately WH also sell GMO , but they pay me money back even for empty bottles of this vanilla powder.I do not recommend to buy this vanilla powder , especially for children and young adults , because maltodextrin is made from GMO -LRB- genetically modified organism -RRB- . Nielsen-Massey company also give me false info over the phone that they do not use GMO.Here is part of document I received from Nielsen-Massey company by email : `` To whom it might concern : Regarding MALTRIN M100 and M510 maltodextrin , these products are processed from some GMO raw materials . These products will typically test negative for GMOs by PCR method . Those products will not meet EU labeling regulations as a non-GMO ... ''
 I was disappointed that this product was not as advertised . It may be pure vanilla powder but it is mixed with a lot of sugar -LRB- dextrose -RRB- . The advertising on the side says it is ` sugar-free ' but the ingredients list dextrose or something similar . The ingredient list was covered by a sticky label so it was hard to see what the actual ingredients were.They need to change their product or their advertising . They do n't match . Otherwise , I like the taste and the fragrance of this product . Just do n't want to pay a high price for something that is part sugar .
 Bought this tea only to find out that the third ingredient is Artificial Flavor , even though the front of the box has the word `` Natural '' on it and the packaging certainly gives the appearance of a natural product . I called Good Earth and spoke to the manager of consumer affairs to find out what chemical they were putting into the flaver . Guess what . That information is proprietary . Guess the artifical chemicals they are pumping into their tea are bad enough that they wo n't even relase that information to their consumers . Shame on you GoodEarth!Good Earth Original Caffeine Free , Tea Bags , 18-Count , Boxes -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- -LSB- Amazon Frustration-Free Packaging -RSB-
 I picked up a box of this GoodEarth Caffeine Free Original tea at a discount store lately . I drank several cups . I was really impressed by the intensity of the flavor . How could it be so sweet with no sugar ? If you look at the packaging it `` looks '' natural and healthy , but then read the ingredients - number three is `` ARTIFICIAL FLAVOR . '' Considering that the order of the ingredient listing indicates relative percentage of contents , a significant portion of this tea is `` Artifical Flavor . '' Which means what ? What the heck is it made of ? Who knows - this stuff is getting tossed in the trash and I 'll never trust GoodEarth again . By the way , this is manufactured by Tata Enterprises out of India - you might want to do some research about them .
 For years I drank a daily pot of this formerly flavorful tea . I am so disappointed in the radical change in formulation that now has this tea tasting like dishwater to me . I have tried both the new decaf original sweet and spicy and the organic versions with no luck . Please post a review if the flavor returns ...
 The tea does not taste the same . After recognizing this , I compared its ingredients to the previous box design , and voila ! the ingredients are not the same -- this one contains artificial flavor . Not what I expected from this company ...
 This tea tastes like paper . I have made it by `` Sun Tea '' method and steeped tea then I tried steeping it long and short times . It lacks that wonderful POW , it used to have . This can not be the `` Original Tea '' . More than the color of the box is changed . I do not like this new tea . I drank the old Good Earth Ice tea instead of sodas . I am unhappy about the change . I tossed out my old box , so I can not compare the ingredients or distributors . This was a comfort , hot or cold , and now it is gone . How sad . I will not recommend or purchase this tea anymore . Francine
 For years I have been enjoying Good Earth Original Sweet & Spicy -LRB- natural flavor -RRB- tea but the last box had a different flavor , which I do n't like . I was n't aware that it was actually a different formula that has artificial flavor added . The two packages are almost identical in appearance . You have to read the fine print on the lower portion of the front of the package just below where it says `` Herbal Tea Blend '' . One will say Natural and the other -LRB- as shown by Amazon here -RRB- will say Natural and Artificial Flavor.In talking with a representative at Good Earth , I have been informed that they still make Sweet & Spicy without the artificial flavor . I expressed my concern as to their lack of clear differentiation on packaging . Buyer beware!Update
 We have been drinking the Good Earth original tea for many years but this recent repackaging has changed the tea for the worse . We barely get one 8 oz . cup of tea with a bag and it is weak tea . Very disappointed with the new tea which is a far cry from the `` original '' and should not be labeled as it is .
 I 've been using this tea for over a year . I do n't know what happened but this last order of six boxes is just awful . Did Good Earth change the formula ? Do n't know but I will not be ordering this again . They have ruined a formally wonderful product !! So disappointed ! However , after notifying Amazon my full purchase price was refunded . Now that is what I call great customer service ! Thanks Amazon !
 This used to be my favorite tea , but the formula has changed . I 've heard that if you can find the tea in the original pale yellow box , that it is still the old -LRB- good tasting -RRB- formula . Read through the other negative reviews and comments for more info -LRB- and notice the dates on the reviews , good and bad -RRB- . It used to taste like a liquid fireball candy , now it tastes like hot water with black pepper.Update Aug 2012
 With the new packaging came cheap flavor . I WAS a major fan and promoter of Good Earth Tea to my family and friends , drinking it once or twice daily . But , since Good Earth changed their product `` wrapper '' , I can hardly stand the stuff . It has a bland and artificial flavor now , even though the package indicates all natural ingredients . Think twice before buying this ! I would go back to drinking Good Earth in a second if they would return to the previous recipe , because I loved it !
 I LOVE ... LOVED this tea , I have been drinking it for so long I am not sure when I started ... but it is not the same , I had a stash downstairs and recently ran out . At the grocery I noticed the packaging had changed but I did n't think much of it.The tea just does n't taste the same . I read other reviews and I do n't know if the sweetener is the cause but its not the same . It does appear they may be putting less tea in the bags or again they have changed something . My cup of tea is no longer a dark , aromatic cup of joy , it is light brownish and the flavor is a hue of its former self . I sadly had to add black tea to my cup just to make it worthwhile.I grudgingly broke out my last original tea bag and made it next to this `` new '' tea ... . the difference is huge.If only I could get the original recipe , I 'd make it at home!I wrote the company for what it is worth .
 The purple box Good Earth Tea does NOT `` have the same great taste '' as the old beige box tea . It tastes different and not in a good way.The purple box tea is NOT 100 % natural . It has `` artificial flavor '' . Update
 The product description for this tea on Amazon states
 Not the `` ORIGINAL SWEET AND SPICY '' tea as advertised . Completely reformulated with cheaper ingredients and fillers . So sad , it was an outstanding product .
 This variety of Good Earth tea bags has artificial flavors , which is specified in the ingredients list , even though the description says this is 100 % natural . I just learned that this variety has the same item number as one available last year on which the ingredients listing included only `` natural flavors , '' not artificial ones . Very confusing .
 I purchased six boxes of what showed as `` Good Earth Original Sweet & Spicy Caffeine Free Tea '' . It was a good thing that I still had my old box of tea , so that I could compare . Not only did they change the look of the box , but they went to the dark side and changed the recipe as well . Did anyone notice that they did n't have lemongrass in it anymore ? Did anyone notice that they took off the `` Gluten-free '' stamp ? And last but not least , they added artificial flavoring to it . Are you kidding ? So , they took a winner and turned it into a lousy product . Does that make sense to anyone else out there ? I sent them all back !
 This has been my favorite tea for several years . The purple boxes list artificial flavoring instead of natural as the third ingredient . It now tastes like I remember kool aid tasting as a kid . Amazon customer service was great in refunding .
 One of the little joys in my day used to be opening up a pack of good earth tea , reading the little daily quote -LRB- which was almost always different with every tea bag ! -RRB- , and enjoying the really good , all-natural brew . Now the brew is no longer all-natural -LRB- my box has ` artificial flavor ' listed second -RRB- , and after my first batch of purple boxes significantly reduced the number of quippy daily quotes -LRB- there were about 5 in rotation -RRB- , now it 's just a sad little white paper hanging off the end of the string . I 'm officially out of love with this tea . Which is too bad , as I used to be a fairly good word-of-mouth salesperson for this tea . You 've lost my business , Tata .
 I was so suprized to see on the front of the box `` Artificial Flavor . '' It also had Artificial flavor in the ingredients too . I could n't believe such desceptive marketing . You think healthy good earth etc. . I have been drinking this tea since the early 1980 's . I had my first taste in the Good Earth Restaurant . Loved the ice tea version . I have n't had it for awhile and was excited to see it , got some and what a disappointment . A weird long after taste I never had before and a buzzy head . I sometimes will have reactions to chemicals or artifical ingredients . Unfortunately I wo n't be able to have anymore of this tea . Most likely others wo n't have the same reaction but who wants something with such deceptive marketing ? I 'll stick with other natural teas !
 I can only repeat what others have written
 I only gave this tea a star because I could n't post a review without at least one . It really rates ZERO stars.I had loved Good Earth Original Sweet and Spicy Caffeine Free Herbal tea from first sip , and it quickly became my favorite . When I was suddenly unable to find it locally , I was excited to find it on Amazon and ordered 6 boxes , with more to be sent automatically . Alas , the feeling was not to last . I was SO disappointed in the tea!I happily made a cup as soon as it arrived , and something was off about the smell . Then I tasted it , and all doubt was gone - it was NOT the same tea . Reading the ingredients on the box , I discovered ARTIFICIAL FLAVOR as the 3RD INGREDIENT ! UGH ! No wonder it was so awful ! YUCK ! It was so bad , it bears repeating ... YUCK ! It actually gave me a headache -LRB- similar to MSG -RRB- . Do n't buy this tea if you liked the original . It is no longer `` all natural '' ! I emailed a polite inquiry to the tea company about the change in recipe , and still have gotten no response.Customer service at Amazon was wonderful , as always , and promptly issued me a full refund , and I donated the tea to a local charity .
 I ordered Good Earth tea . When it arrived , I saw that the ingredients have changed and now contain artificial flavor . Yes , this info is listed online , but silly me , I 've been drinking Good earth for years and did n't know they have recently changed their recipe . I have can not simply imbibe whatever nameless artificial ingredient I want -LRB- medical issues -RRB- . Currently , this product is not eligible for returns . I suggest that Amazon put a large warning message on this product to let shoppers know prior to purchase that this is not `` Original Sweet & Spicy '' Good Earth . The original tea does n't have artificial flavors in it . Also , I looked online , and this company has very suspect practices . The 18-bag box of tea has artificial flavors in it , but the 25-bag box does not . I do n't trust the tea maker , and their business practices are creepy . Now I have six boxes -LRB- 108 tea bags -RRB- of tea I 'm never going to drink . AWESOME .
 Good Earth made the very bad decision to alter their perfectly formulated Caffeine Free Original Sweet & Spicy Herbal Tea and the new formula is not even as good as the average Decaf Chai Black Tea from Celestial Seasonings . This used to be the best tea on the market for quality and flavor but is now not even in the top twenty . I can no longer recommend this product . I wrote to the company and received no response . The complaint is as follows.Dear Good Earth Representative , I am certain you have received hundreds of this precise complaint but I felt the need , after so many times checking back in stores and purchasing a box of your Original Sweet and Spicy Herbal Tea only to find that the taste is well below the average taste of any cheap store brand chai , to ask that your company , please , reconsider the decision to switch to this newer formula/recipe for the Herbal Sweet and Spicy tea . It has been so long since I or anyone I know has had your wonderful tea because you replaced it , a year ago or more at this point , with a tea that no one , and I mean no one , that I know was willing to continue drinking . At least 8 women at work stopped drinking it right along with me and the reviews on Amazon of your new recipe are consistently terrible . I used to have great appreciation for your company and a great love for your product . If you wanted to offer a separate Ginseng-free formula , your company could have simply introduced a night-time ginseng-free herbal . The orgininal formula did not have to be retired in order to facilitate this change . Please pass this sentiment along to your superiors on behalf of myself and many of my relatives , coworkers and companions . None of us purchase your products anymore and we would come back to your company as loyal and daily drinkers of the old formula of the Good Earth Sweet and Spicy Herbal Tea if you would only revive the old formula and resume manufacture and sale of this lost and missed product . Thank you for your time .
 I am a big fan of Good Earth Sweet and Spicy Tea . In July I ordered a pack of six 18-count boxes of caffeine free Sweet and Spicy tea bags . I often give boxes as gifts . The flavor of the tea from this order was not good . Initially I thought maybe only one tea bag was bad , but each bag I tried had a bad taste . I asked a friend to try one of the bags and she had the same reaction and said it did not taste like the Sweet and Spicy Tea she was accustomed to . Perhaps this was a bad lot or the box is old . However , the expiration date is 10-Mar-14 .
 Like many others I have loved this tea for decades , both my husband and I would drink it everyday . We used to get it from Costco and then no longer could . Found it at our local Sprouts , but in a new purple packaging . Went home to enjoy a cup with my husband and he took one sip and put it down and refused to drink any more of it . I tried to continue to drink it , but gave up on it after about a half a cup . It really tastes artificial with very little of the beloved cinnamon taste . I am not even going to dontate this to the food bank as it is garbage and so it is going into the garbage . The packaging was very deceptive `` New Look Same Great Taste '' . Sadly , I no longer trust this company .
 I 've been drinking 2-3 cups of this wonderful , spicy tea for the last 6 months and absolutely can not live without it ! However , the last batch I received -LRB- an Amazon order -RRB- is almost undrinkable -- it 's as if there 's a missing ingredient and the tea is very bitter -- not sweet and spicy . I would love to return all of it -LRB- 6 boxes -RRB- and start over , but I 'm not sure how to do that .
 Ugh they changed the formula / blend of their tea ! It tastes dusty . Oh so sad - the box which is new to me says new look same taste but this is not true.I bought 6 boxes and it 's all getting tossed - so disappointed with this purchase and amazon for not taking it back
 Just another example , Of some conglomerateGoing & buyingA good ol' companyWith a darn good productWith a success ... that is time proven.Only to ruin it with a shiny new packagingAt the very expense of the soul of it.This new recipe with artificial flavour does not taste even close to the original and natural goodness from nature.They seem to have changed the recipe for some extra profit at the expense of making it no longer a completely ` natural ' product andmaking it taste different , and worse , in my opinion.I will no longer be purchasing this ` stuff ' with artificial flavour ...
 I have enjoyed Good Earth tea -LRB- in the old yellow box -RRB- for years and years ; it was by far my favorite bagged tea . But the last time I bought a box , in the ugly new purple packaging , I was horribly disappointed -- it tastes NOTHING like the original version . It is bitter , not sweet , with an almost metallic quality . I drank cup after cup , hoping it was just my imagination , but now I 'm throwing the rest of it out . I wish I could give it zero stars , but apparently that 's not an option on Amazon . I will sadly never again buy this tea unless they return it to its original , perfect flavor .
 I just bought 3 boxes of Good Earth Original Sweet and Spicy Hearbal Tea Blend , Caffeine Free in the new purple boxes . I used to love this tea when it came the yellow/beige box . The tea in the purple box is much less sweet and spicy and tastes awful . I wish I had one of my old yellow boxes to compare ingredients , but I believe that they have changed significantly . The change is in addition to some new artificial flavor . Did the old one have roobios like the new one does ? The ingredients list looks very different . Good Earth has lost a loyal customer .
 I 've enjoyed drinking Good Earth Tea for the past 10 yrs , way back when it appeared in a cream colored box . Liked it so much I decided to subscribe for regular delivery since often I would need a few boxes and my local store was out of stock . Several companies , Trader Joe 's , Whole Foods told me they had quit stocking because of variability of quality and poor customer comments - I should 've paid attention . I have cancelled my subscription - in the past 3 shipments , there have been so few good bags I can count them on one hand . The rest well , frankly taste like crap . My strongest recommendation to people thinking to buy - DO N'T - it 's a waste of your money and after reading some of the previous reviews , who knows what is being included in what was once a great product . NO NO NO NO NO - DO NOT BUY !!!!!!!!!
 I used to love this tea , but something has gone wrong with their quality control since a change of ownership . The tea has gone bad . Do n't buy it . It tastes awful now . I mean really really really awful .
 I have been a Good Earth Original Sweet and Spicy tea drinker for a long time . Heck , I used to frequent the Good Earth restaurant in Pasadena , California back in the day wearing my Birkenstocks and flowing tie dye skirts . Good food , good tea , good service . But I digress . The flavor has changed because the ingredients have been changed . LIke other reviewers , I compared ingredients and found
 This was my go-to favorite of all time teas . But after the last shipment of tea , I do n't know that I 'll ever order this from amazon again , and judging by the other reviews , it 's not just one bad batch.I had the same experience with the bitter off-tasting tea . In almost all of the tea bags in ALL of the boxes , you saw that the tag , instead of being plain paper , had a shimmery , strong smelling substance on it that rubbed off on the tea bag . I choked through the tea , not wanting to waste it , but ultimately , I just do n't like it anymore . This is definitely the `` artificial '' part of the tea , and it just does n't taste the same anymore . If I do buy it again , I 'll buy it in a store where I 'm not stuck with six boxes of horrible tea . What a disappointment . I loved this stuff before .
 I used to love this tea ... I like it nice and strong , sweet and spicy . The new forumula is very bland , it does not have the cinnamony sweetness of the old formula and really has no appeal at all . BOO Good Earth for wrecking a very good product
 Another great product ruined . This used to be my favorite tea , but it 's been changed and is n't even close to what it was . I bought a box a month ago and hoped maybe it was just a bad batch . So when it ran out I tried again , but it 's exactly the same . Clearly the recipe has been changed and not for the better .
 I saw other reviews -LRB- but not for this entry -RRB- that said , `` artificial on the box '' , but `` natural '' in the AMZN write-up . Well , the other day , I got the box . . Second ingredient said , `` artificial flavoring '' . Calling Good Earth Teas resulted in futility . They told me the definition of `` artificial flavoring is proprietary '' So , GET , you 're telling me that I can stick a chemical of some type in my body , unaware of what it is , and expect I wo n't have a complication from it ?? . Even if I do n't , the idea that y' all wo n't tell me what it is , concerns me , and it should concern anyone else who is drinking this `` new version '' of their tea.They also said , `` until we can find this source , it 'll continue to be ` artificial ' . '' THEN , DO N'T MAKE IT until you have the necessary ingredients !
 Unlike the ingredients listed on this website , this Good Earth Caffeine Free Sweet & Spicy tea has artificial flavor added -- and it 's the third ingredient , meaning that there 's more artificial flavor than all the other ingredients except for rooibos and chicory root.I feel ripped of by Amazon 's dishonesty of listing ingredients from another , completely different product on the page describing this artificially flavored tea.Even worse , I received this rubbish as part of my Subscribe and Save subscription . They replaced my original subscribed product , which was n't artificially flavored , with this junk , and did n't have the balls to mention the COMPLETELY DIFFERENT INGREDIENTS.BUYER BEWARE .
 I bought this because the ingredients listed on Amazon say all natural ingredients . When I received this and read the package , the third ingredient is `` artificial flavor '' . I contacted the company and they said if you want all natural ingredients you need to order the 24 bag boxes .
 I 've been slowly working my way through boxes of the older version of Good Earth 's Sweet & Spicy tea -LRB- the pale yellow packets -RRB- . As a nurse , there was nothing better at 3 am than a warm cup of this savory , sweet tea . Many of my peers would walk by and a bag would end up in their cold , tired hands as they headed for the hot water tap.Then I ran out and bought more boxes.So . Disappointing.Now , it takes two bags to achieve about 50 % of the flavoring that one bag would achieve . There 's now a watery , dirty taste to the tea.Unfortunately , what used to be a tea worthy of 5 stars has now dropped to 1 . Maybe . Can we do less ? So sad.The search for a replacement is on . Beware .
 I used to love Good Earth tea ; I drank at least one cup of the decaf every afternoon . The last time I ordered , the packaging was different -LRB- maroon instead of light yellow -RRB- and the taste was really bland . Not sweet , not spicy , not anything ; almost flavorless . I am so disappointed , because I really loved the spiciness of the original recipe . I wo n't buy this again , I 'm sad to say .
 I have been a big fan of Good Earth Original Sweet and Spicy Caffeine Free for many years . However , this latest version of the product tastes medicinal . I ordered six boxes and I am afraid the whole lot is undrinkable and will be discarded . I have heard from others that the recipe has been changed . This is clearly not the `` Original '' that I had come to savor . Please bring back the original recipe .
 I used to love this tea , I now have more than 7 boxes I ca n't use because it is so bitter it is disgusting . I forgot to stop the second auto ship that is why I have so much . I would like to get a refund .
 Without realizing the recipe change , we bought our usual 17 boxes . Yuck ! This stuff -- 18-count box -- tastes horrid !!! Inedible !!! We poured it down the sink and returned the unopened boxes . NEW COMPANY CHANGED RECIPE TO CUT CORNERS ! Good Earth -LRB- bought out by some conglomerate -RRB- claims it still sells the original recipe -LRB- but only in the 25-count boxes -RRB- . The 25 bag box has a weaker flavor than the `` real '' recipe and does n't have the cute quotes on the teabag holder -- the holders are blank . Also , the yellow box and matching tea bag cover was attractive and classy . The purple package is unattractive and pedestrian . This product is ruined!A lot of reviewers write that they dropped this ruined Good Earth product and are thrilled with Celestial Seaoning 's BENGAL SPICE , which they write tastes like the old Good Earth Sweet and Spicy . Only negative is that Bengal Spice bags are not individually wrapped and have no strings . I 'm voting with my feet and switching to BENGAL SPICE .
 After trying this tea at a friend 's house I was smitten , so I immediately went home and ordered from Amazon . The written description clearly states that there are no artificial flavors in it , so imagine my disappointment when I received the tea which does indeed have artificial flavors in it !! To Amazon 's credit they refunded my money immediately -LRB- there are no returns in the grocery department -RRB- . However , I would have rather saved myself the hassle of placing the order at all had I know that it contained artificial flavors .
 I ordered this tea based upon it having so many positive reviews . I was looking for a new good black tea and this seemed like it might be a good choice . Let me say it again , if you are looking for good tea then this is NOT what you want . This stuff does not taste like tea at all . It is REALLY sweet -LRB- not sure how , there is no sugar or artificial sweeteners -RRB- . Its as if they just grind up a bunch of cinnamon and put it in a tea bag.If you notice , most positive reviews here are from people who do not like tea normally . Just do not be fooled into thinking that you are buying a quality black tea . I may be a bit of a tea snob , but I honestly can not stand this stuff and ended up throwing away the entire order because neither I nor my friends can stand drinking it .
 I purchased the 6 pack of Good Earth Caffeine Free Sweet and Spicy . I was shocked when I compared the ingredients on the boxes I received to the ingredients listed on the Amazon website . Website states `` 100 % Natural ... No artificial Flavors '' . On the website , `` Natural Flavor '' is the third ingredient . On the boxes I received `` Artificial Flavor '' is the third ingredient!Good Earth was recently purchased by the Tata Beverage Group . Apparently they have chosen to enhance their profit on what used to be a quality , 100 % Natural product by using inferior ingredients . I 'm sure as educated consumers become aware of this change , this item will rapidly drop from it 's # 2 selling position at Amazon . As always , Amazon 's customer servicewas excellent . They refunded my total purchase price for the item . Guess I 'll donate the product to a local food bank .
 I have been drinking Good Earth Sweet & Spicy tea -LRB- herbal -RRB- for years . It has been my favorite herbal tea for as long as I can remember , and I traditionally have a cup after dinner . When Costco stopped carrying a few months ago , I turned to Amazon and got six boxes in one order . Big mistake . Since the manufacturer has changed hands and the box went from light brown to purple , the tea also got seriously degraded . The difference is astounding , as I still have old tea bags from the last manufacturer and was able to directly compare . There is a distant hint of the old flavor that I pine for each time I take a sip , but what I am mostly met with is a harsh and unappealing flavor , and the longer it brews it just gets grosser rather than sweeter and spicier . It 's tough to explain in words this distinct difference in flavor but trust me , it 's disappointing . It is no longer the Good Earth that we all know and love so much .
 This is a super sweet tea that tastes like you 're sucking on a `` red hot '' candy . Because none of the ingredients listed on the box are themselves super sweet , my best guess is that the `` artificial flavor '' / AF listed on the box is Splenda.If the AF was Stevia , they would n't need an AF disclaimer because it is natural ingredient ; if it contained the other two artificial sweeteners in the pink and blue packets , they would have to include a PKU disclaimer on the box , which they do not .
 I have enjoyed this tea for 25 years . Something changed at some point . Recently reading the ingredient list I noticed the second ingredient is `` Natural Flavor '' . What is it ? I wrote to the company and received a pat answer that it is a ` proprietary blend ' and they can not divulge the actual ingredients except to your enquiring physician . It could be that it is just an ordinary flavor enhancing recipe similar to MSG or it could be worse . Might our bodies think it unnatural ? Do they mean ` natural ' as in from planet earth ? So I 'll be giving up my favorite tea.I think I am going to get some star anise , cinnamon , rose hips , and cardamom from Frontier herbs via Amazon instead .
 The taste of this new formulation is a shadow of the original . It lacks the zip , the taste and the zing . Truly disappointing . If you compare the ingredients of this new formula to the old , you 'll fing that they 've cut out TONS of the great spices , etc. they originally had . Let 's start a movement to bring back the old formula !
 I 've been drinking this tea since the 1970 's . I lived in a northern California town where there was a Good Earth Restaurant . I first had their tea there . It was like no other tea in the world !!! The new Good Earth Tea has artificial ingredients which really alter the flavor ! I 've read other reviews that say the non-caffine blend has no artificial flavors , I have n't tried it , but will soon , as I miss the old caffeinated one . Maybe I can make a pot and add a couple of black tea bags to the mix if I need to wake up . Anyway , it is very sad to see a quality , one of the kind item altered when it is acquired by a new company , who is trying to save money . How does that work anyway ? You lose the old loyal customers and probably gain few new ones as they wo n't like the taste of the cheap , altered product either . I hope they wise up and go back to the original formula .
 Purchased two boxes of Sweet and Spicy decaf and it stinks ! It 's not as sweet nor as spicy as it was before . Really dissappointed and will stop buying it . Just sorry I purchased two boxes as they 'll both go to waste .
 This tea with new packaging does not have the same great taste as the original . The flavor is less pronounced and more bitter .
 This was a great tea , spicy and sweet just as the title says . But the new formulation changed all that . The tea is now pretty bland and even a bit bitter . I tried adding sweetener but the quality still did not improve . Strangely sweetener seems to increase the bitterness . Amazon will not take back food products but gave me a full refund . Much appreciated .
 I have always purchased `` Good Earth Caffeine Free Original Sweet & Spicy Herbal Tea . '' I tried to reorder the same tea , and was directed to the page of this tea . The box has changed , but it still says `` Good Earth Original Sweet & Spicy Tea and Herb Blend '' and the description of the product on Amazon says it is `` caffeine-free . '' . I received the caffeinated tea . I then tried to return the tea , and saw that Amazon does n't let you return grocery items . I spoke to Good Earth and they said that they would send me a label to return the tea , but that was two weeks ago and I still have n't received a label.I did try the tea and the worst part of this experience is that it hardly has more taste than water . Now its time to find a replacement tea -LRB- and to see whom I can convince to take this tea from me while I admit to them how tasteless I found it . -RRB- One more complaint , the product description on Amazon says
 This was my favorite tea . Even though I realized it was n't entirely natural , I was willing to forgive . I just recieved my order & it has changed for the worse . I ca n't drink it . It smells like old lady perfume . Ca n't distinguish any cinnamon . Off to find another tea to drink . I 'll probably email the manufacturer . I 'm not really hopeful that it will ever be changed back .
 They 've changed this recipe and it does n't taste the same anymore . The last time I order it was a little different but I could still drink it . Now it 's not the same at all and I 'm so disappointed . It 's not even drinkable . I 'm going to contact the company to see if they can do anything .
 The Good Earth Sweet and Spicy tea used to be my favorite tea - it was naturally sweet so I never had to add any sugar or honey . However , after receiving my current shipment of tea , I noticed that the taste was significantly different than the taste I was used to - the tea just did n't taste very good at all . I could n't figure out why until I read some recent Amazon reviews mentioning that Good Earth was recently purchased by another company , which must be using inferior ingredients . Such a shame . I appreciate Amazon 's great customer service - I received a full refund - but unfortunately had to cancel my subscribe and save subscription . I hope this inferior Good Earth tea will receive many complaints which will lead the new parent company to go back to the original ingredients for the tea .
 I have been drinking and loving Good Earth Tea for years . I make it cold in the summer and hot in the winter ... everyday ! I ordered a case from Amazon last week and upon opening the first bag , I knew something was wrong from the smell but tried it anyway . It was horrible . I called Amazon and as always , they were wonderful about refunding my money . Then I called Good Earth and found out they changed the ingredients and some boxes are the old flavor and some are not . They said they now have 3 blends . Well , I ca n't begin to figure out which one I am getting so I am onto trying other types of tea ! So it 's been lovely but no more Good Earth tea for me !!
 I have been a drinker of the original Good Earth Tea for some time now and when I saw that Amazon had it I was thrilled . I noticed that the box was different from what I had been using but it said it was the original blend so I went ahead and bought it . I just had a drink of it and poured it out . It was awful , nothing like what I have been buying . I 'm so disappointed .
 I tried Madagascar vanilla red by Celestial which also contains Rooibos . So I thought I 'd give this a try due to the great reviews . First impression tea is way too sweet and ca n't wrap my mind around what ingredient causes this sweet taste . If you like your tea very sweet and concentrated then this is the one for you . After trying both teas hands down Madagascar Vanilla Red is way tastier !
 Didnt buy on Amazon , but got at local store . Their lemongrass green tea is good , but this tea is completely overpowered by the cinnamon flavor . Its like trying to drink liquid Red Hots candies . Horrible , absolutely horrible
 Sorry , but something has changed . I am a major fan of Good Earth Tea , but they have changed something in their recipe . I bought one of the new purple boxes of the `` Original Sweet and Spicy '' , and it is neither . Just dark colored water . Think twice before buying this !
 I LOVE Good Earth Tea and was thrilled to buy in bulk from Amazon Unfortunately , Good Earth now contains artificial flavoring - it is confirmed on the box in front of me and on their website - -LSB- ... -RSB- I am hoping that if many consumers raise their voices , we can have them go back to using original flavors - their Facebook site is at -LSB- ... -RSB- and they can be called at 1-888-625-8227 Mon - Fri
 Good Earth Tea -LRB- Original Sweet and Spicy -RRB- ~ whether caffeinated or decaffeinated has been my favorite tea for many years . I am sick with disappointment over degraded and truly unrecognizable taste of this formerly perfect cup of tea . I will be telling all the friends I have introduced to the `` good old recipe '' over the years that our Good Earth Tea is no longer the same and that they should not waste their money on the newrecipe . I 'll be taking the last four boxes I bought back to the grocery store for a refund . I called the TATA company this morning to find out the scoop on the change of the taste of the tea and to register my disappointment . If anyone from the new Good Earth Company reads Amazon reviews , please take note of all the complaints and plead with your company to go back to the `` good old recipe '' once again !
 We 've enjoyed lots of Good Earth Original sweet and spicy tea , but the stuff I received from Amazon.com is nothing like it ! Good Earth tea is naturally sweet and spicy , delicious -- but the case I ordered from Amazon.com is tasteless , like drinking a cup of plain hot water ! I noticed that the freshness date is still good , but I also noticed that the papers attached to the tea bag strings are dark and sticky . I think that this case of tea was not stored properly , and perhaps it was exposed to too much dampness or climate change ? The little paper labels , which each have a unique inspirational verse , were almost illegible . Unfortunately I ca n't return the tea , so I think I will let the Good Earth tea manufacturers know about it . Perhaps it was an error made on the part of the manufacturers .
 My review of this product before they changed it was 5 Stars and I retained it in parenthesis below . I have to change my review , because Tata Brands -LRB- their owner -RRB- changed the product and the packaging and the packaging description is inconsistent and even deceptive.The box claims this is Good Earth `` original '' tea . This is not true . The original version was all natural . This `` updated '' version contains artificial flavors and you can taste it . The packaging states on one side of the box that it is an all natural product , and on another panel it states that artificial flavors have been added . Since Amazon does not take returns on such products , I wrote to the parent company , Tata in Montvale , New Jersey , if they would make good on my purchase , either through a refund , or replacement . They now offer the `` original '' version again . It 's all natural again . Now the call it `` organic '' and it costs more . Do n't marketing departments realize that real people buy their products and this kind of playing games is offensive . I would n't be so negative if I had heard back from Tata , but I have n't . I had bought $ 103 . worth of this tea which I will now throw away because I have not heard back from Tata , and this is n't the `` product '' I ordered.If Tata does indeed make good on this bad purchase , I will change my review . but I wrote to them over two months ago.Previous review : -LRB- I normally only drink tea when I 'm sick . This tea is the exception ! There 's nothing like it . I drink it whenever and gladly serve it to guests.Back in the late 70 's and 80 's I always enjoyed this tea at Good Earth Restaurants in California , which was their signature drink , served hot or iced . The tea is obviously one of the only things that remains from that restaurant.The tea is incredibly sweet , needing no sugar or sweetener and it 's strong enough that two bags can easily make a carafe of 4-5 cups . You can find it in supermarkets in California , but not in Florida . I have it delivered to Florida then bring it back with me to Germany . It 's great that I can order it in quantity from Amazon . I buy more than I need because I like to give boxes of the tea as gifts . Now I 've got more than a few friends hooked ! -RRB-
 I have been getting the Good Earth Sweet and Spicy Caffeine-Free tea for several months now on a subscription -LRB- pack of 6 -RRB- , and usually drink two to three tea bags a night . I do n't know when they changed the tea to include ` Natural and Artificial ' flavors , but the taste of the tea I got in July has totally changed for the worse , and I ca n't drink it ! The only way I can describe the way it tastes is that it reminds me of burnt wiring . I opened up a second box -LRB- of the six -RRB- and tried one of tea bags in that box , and it 's the same thing
 This used to be my favorite tea , but the formula has changed . I 've heard that if you can find the tea in the original pale yellow box , that it is still the old -LRB- good tasting -RRB- formula . Read through the other negative reviews and comments for more info -LRB- and notice the dates on the reviews , good and bad -RRB- . It used to taste like a liquid fireball candy , now it tastes like hot water with black pepper .
 This has been my favorite tea for at least fifteen years . It was the best tea I 'd ever had - naturally sweet , pungent with gingery spice , unbelievably fragrant and satisfying . I recommended it to anyone and everyone.I am currently drinking my first cup of tea from the last box of Good Earth `` Original '' Sweet & Spicy Tea I currently plan to buy . The badge says `` New look ! same great taste ! '' but only the first claim is true . Once all-natural -LRB- see above description -RRB- , the second ingredient is now `` artificial flavor , '' and it shows . This tea is bland , only a hint of its previous sweetness , virtually no spicy ginger punch . Whatever you have done , Good Earth , it was a mistake . I can not recommend this new tea to anyone .
 I purchased organic Good Earth -LRB- at a `` whole foods '' type of store -RRB- but not in the packaging shown . I was disappointed in the flavor because it just seemed as though it used to be so much immediately spicy and flavorful and sweet . Then I saw this package in another store and purchased it . When I tried it I found it was more like what I had been expecting . I compared ingredients between the two boxes . Lo and behold the tea in the package shown had `` artificial flavor '' as ingredient # 3 !! Wow ! So that was the ingredient that made it so appealing . I had never read the label on the old Good Earth that I was so `` addicted '' to !! Needless to say , I am just fine drinking the organic Good Earth with all natural ingredients . So , guess that means I need to be a good label reader !
 Unfortunately , Good Earth now contains artificial flavoring - it is confirmed on the box in front of me and on their website - -LSB- ... -RSB- I am hoping that if many consumers raise their voices , we can have them go back to using original flavors - their Facebook site is at -LSB- ... -RSB- and they can be called at 1-888-625-8227 Mon - Fri
 For some reason Good Earth Original Caffeine Free , Sweet & Spicy Herbal Tea has switched from Natural flavors to Artifical flavors.For what reason?I did n't buy this tea to consume ARTIFICIAL flavors , or I 'd have bought a different tea.I resent the change . Cancel my subscription.Is this the impact of Globalization or simply TATA Enterprises dumbing down the product ?
 Not good . I was a a huge fan of the Original blend , but when they changed their packaging , they also changed the recipe . It has a very odd smell and I had to throw the cup of tea away . I actually bought another box thinking that the first box I purchased was somehow defective . Unfortunately , that was not the case . It 's their new recipe . I will have to find another comfort tea enjoy . The strong cinnamon aroma and flavor that I loved so much is now gone . So sad .
 I 've been drinking Good Earth tea for years and have had frequent comments from co-workers about the wonderful scent . Not any more . I do n't know what changed but I ended up dumping most of every cup down the drain . Headed out today to find a new tea . Very sad .
 I wo n't buy this again from Amazon . I do n't know if it was cooked or old in the warehouse or something else , but this was bitter and undrinkable , and completely unlike what I get in the store . At first I thought I had a bad box so I tried bags from the other boxes in the shipment , but they were bad , too . I had to throw out 5 of the 6 boxes I bought.I am a very big fan of this type of tea and have been drinking several cups a day for years . After buying it from Amazon I was worried the manufacturing had changed altogether , but I bought a box at the grocery store to check , and it was still good -LRB- though the flavor was not as strong as it was in the past -RRB- . Very disappointing .
 I saw all the positive reviews so I thought I 'd give this a try since it 's a bit cheaper than my other favorite brands . Unfortunately , I 'll have to disagree with the other reviewers , for the following reasons :1 -RRB- To me , this does n't taste like jasmine blossoms . Instead , it tastes and smells like artificial banana flavoring -- like what you 'd find in banana-flavored chewing gum or Jelly Bellies . I do n't even care for real bananas all that much , so this is definitely not a good thing .2 -RRB- Speaking of flavoring -- the list of ingredients says `` Organic Jasmine Green Tea and Organic Flavor . '' What the heck is `` Organic Flavor '' ? Oh , they must mean `` organic artificial-banana flavoring . '' ; -RRB- 3 -RRB- The strings of the tea bags are attached to the bag with a mini-staple . First off , I 'm not too keen on the idea of brewing metal staples along with my tea . Second , one of the strings detached from its bag because the staple did n't hold it in place well enough -- and this happened the very first time I tried this tea . The detached string was a minor annoyance , but what if the staple itself detached from the bag and into the tea ? It 's small enough that it could be inadvertently swallowed.I think it 's worth paying a little more for these -LRB- both of which I 've tried and like -RRB- : Choice Organic Whole Leaf Organics Jasmine Green Tea Pyramids , 15-Count , 1.05-Ounce Boxes -LRB- Pack of 3 -RRB- Rishi Tea Organic Jasmine Pearl Loose Leaf Tea , 2.99-Ounce Tin -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB-
 This has been my all time favorite decaf green tea . Love the lemon grass and very subtle sweet smell and flavor.I only recently discovered how great it is to buy via Amazon ! I bought bulk pacakged tea boxes this past summer and recently ran out . I noticed different packaging and assumed that it was still my very favorite tea . NO NO NO they changed the recipe and the flavor lacks everything I used to love . I keep sniffing my hot mug looking for that aroma I love.BIG BUMMER as I have 6 boxes I will have to use , but it will no longer be my first choice when I want a yummy cup of tea . BRING BACK THE OLD RECIPE !!!!!
 I got excited when I saw this in the tea collection at work . Jasmine Green Tea ? I love Jasmine Green Tea ! So I had a cup ... and it was awful . I thought maybe I somehow had a bad cup , so I tried a different tea bag ... yuck.It 's hard to describe just how bad this tastes . Imagine a cup of green tea that someone poured some jasmine-scented perfume into . Or maybe dissolved some jasmine-flavored candy into . I saw someone say it was Pez flavored , and I can agree with that . But no matter how you describe it , it is undrinkable . Second cup was poured down the sink.And it is n't just the initial taste . Somehow this coats your tongue and the badness sticks with you . I suspect this box is going to be sitting around the office for a long , long time .
 This tea lists green tea , jasmine , and `` natural flavor '' as the ingredients . This tea taste nothing like other jasmine teas I have had - it is much sweeter . My first taste impression was of pez -LRB- yes , the little sugar candy pellets that come from pez dispensers -RRB- . I guess some may like it but it is not my cup of tea .
 I 've been buying this tea for years it WAS a great tasting tea , But no longer is.I 'm now looking for a replacement .
 I got this for $ 9 -LRB- pack of 6 -RRB- . I had a lot of jasmine green tea . This does not have any jasmine taste and a little sweet . This is Nasty Earth Jasmine Green Tea . Do n't waste your money .
 The addition of Lemongrass with the Green Tea had always made this my favorite of all green teas I have ever had . I could n't wait to brew it and smell the amazing aroma as well as enjoy the taste . It was my comfort tea . But the tea has changed . And I ca n't get used to the new taste . It just does not satisfy like it did.Good Earth Green Tea Lemongrass , Tea Bags , 20-Count , Boxes Net Wt 1.3 Oz -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB-
 I really wanted to like this tea , but I just could n't . It has a slight sour taste . I had to give away most of the boxes I ordered . Oh well ! Lesson learned - do n't buy bulk tea if you have n't tasted it before !
 This smells like jasmine green tea somewhat , but it gives off an odor more akin to cheap jasmine perfume . It dominates the palate , with its too sweet scent which unavoidably come through with the taste of this tea . I love a good cup of jasmine tea and I have tried many of them . This does NOT taste like any of the quality jasmine green teas I have had before . I got this because I thought it would be an easier way to brew tea at work instead of the loose stuff . Boy what a mistake . I now have a box of this stuff , minus one tea bag , sitting in my desk never to be used . If you enjoy quality jasmine teas , do not get this tea !
 I ordered regular tea . On Christmas morning my wife opened up the box and they were all decaffeinated . Item is not eligible for return .
 I bought this tea because it was the only jasmine tea my local store carried . I found the jasmine flavor odd , and when I looked at the Good Earth site , it failed to explain what the `` flavoring '' was . I would not buy it again , and discarded it because the flavor is odd and artificial tasting .
 I thought I was ordering Green Tea Decaf but received Green Tea Decaf with Lemongrass . The order said `` green tea '' , the box said `` green tea '' but the actual packages clearly said `` lemongrass '' . Costs money and time to send the order back . So I 'm stuck . Anyone want to buy some Green Tea decaf w / lemon grass and want to pay shipping ? This is the first time in many years that I was fooled by Amazon .
 I will not order this tea again because I prefer the flavor of the green tea with Lemongrass.Good Earth Jasmine Green Tea , Tea Bags , 20-Count , Boxes -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB-
 This tea was a disappointment - I love green tea with jasmine , but this tea has artificial flavorings added to it . Do n't order it in bulk unless you have tried it before , or you may be stuck with 6 boxes of it like me . I tried to pawn off a box on my sister , but she wo n't drink it either . : S
 With the new packaging came a new formula and now my beloved Good Earth Green tea with mango/peach/pineapple has been ruined . The difference between the old and new product is so marked that I wo n't purchase any more until they change it back . The old tea was so tasty . The new tea tastes like nothing , completely blah .
 I agree with a previous reviewer on the Pez taste . There are definitely some fruity hints here that do not belong to Jasmine Green . I bought this as I ran out of Jasmine Phoenix Pearl -LRB- loose -RRB- tea quite some time ago and wanted to get back into tea drinking with the colder weather upon us.This is unlike any `` green '' tea I 've had . . it 's like someone left a lollypop from Halloween in your cup for a minute . Fruity-fake . I do n't like it at all . I 'm looking for the strong presence of Jasmine flowers with a slight bitter after-taste associated with the tannins in the green tea . That is not here ... slight green tea taste , fruity hints , no bitterness whatsoever . Very Disappointed.I feel GoodEarth is misrepresenting their product here . It clearly states `` Jasmine Green Tea '' and that is what I expect .
 I have been drinking Good Earth green tea with lemongrass for years . I 've always loved the special taste of it . BUT I have to say , I 'm very disappointed in the new/latestGood Earth green tea . I tastes like flowers , of some sort . I am not a fan and I am stuck with 6 boxes of 20 . UGH ! I wish I knew in advance they changedthe flavor of the tea . I do not recommend trying . It is not at all like the previous tea .
 This product page lists as ingredients
 The new box says `` NEW LOOK ! same great taste ! '' and that is a patent lie.I have been drinking this tea for over 10 years . The previous reviewer is right - the tea is different now . I had some of the original/previous tea and then I got a big order of the new tea , and I tried them side by side . They are similar , but the new stuff -LRB- in the dark purple box -RRB- is more overpowering and I actually disliked whatever new ingredient they added . It was so terrible to smell and it also affected the taste of the tea . I drank one glass and it was truly awful ; I wo n't be drinking another . So sad.This really ticks me off because the product has been perfect and consistent for the last 10 + years . I noticed that there are fewer tea leaves in the individual bags as well -LRB- this was obvious to the naked eye , comparing with the previous tea bags -RRB- , so it 's not as potent as the original . The old tea bags used to be generous in terms of how much tea was in each bag , and it made a perfect cup of tea . The new ones are skimpy and one tea bag will not be enough . That being said , the new flavor is so bad -LRB- to me -RRB- that I am going to have to give away the 6 boxes .
 Very bright , astringent , unwelcome taste . Almost bright red in color . Would not buy again.Hope they serve other blends at Betty 's tea room
 This is the best I 've tried . It would be perfect if it were a bit thicker . It gets kinda thin when heated . I add a bit of shredded cheese to thicken it up . Regardless , the flavor , heat , etc are excellent and far better than the Que Bueno that Costco sells -LRB- and is too thick -RRB- . --------------- Update 24 Dec 2011 - Right now the price is $ 36 . It used to be $ 24 -LRB- that 's what I last paid for it according to my Amazon invoice -RRB- . A 50 % increase is ridiculous . It is good but not worth the current price . I 'm looking for an alternative . --------------- Update 1 May 2012 - I found an excellent alternative for a bit less convenience -LRB- El Rio is still WAY overpriced at $ 36 -RRB- . Try La Victoria Medium nacho cheese sauce . I have only found it in 6 pound cans -LRB- at Cash and Carry in WA - probably also at Smart and Final in other places -RRB- for about $ 8 . La Victoria is at least as hot and the thickness does not change as it is heated . Excellent flavor . What I ended up doing is splitting it into freezer-type zip lock bags - roughly 14 oz each - and freezing them flat with no air inside . They thaw in 10 minutes in the sink . Then I clip one of the bottom corners off and squeeze out what I need and then fold the corner back up with no air and put a spring-loaded clip on it -LRB- a chip clip or binder clip works -RRB- and keep it in the fridge while I 'm using it . Opening and closing the zipper is asking for mold issues.I also tried vacuum sealing in glass mason jars and keeping them all in the fridge , but that did n't prevent mold . The zip-lock bags work great and the flavor and consistency of this cheese is the best ! It is worth the repackaging effort .
 After reading all the good reviews , I thought this was going to be awesome cheese sauce , it is n't . It has no thickness to it at all when heated up . I mean it 's about as thick as water . Absolutely terrible for nachos .
 In stores you can by this pack for less than five dollars . 2 dollars on sale!Compare to normal price you are paying twice more and to sale price 5 times more + shipping.Way overpriced.Do not fool your self ...
 So Amazon suggested this as an alternative to Crawford Garibaldi biscuits . Being how I am in search of a suitable replacement for the old Sunshine raisin biscuits , I figured I 'd give 'em a try . What a mistake . Not only they are nothing like the Sunshines , they are nothing like the Garibaldis either . The pictures on the package are quite misleading , suggesting that there is actual fruit to be found inside the biscuits . Not so . Yeah , there 's a couple of raisin specks in each biscuit , but if you did n't already know that you 'd be hard-pressed to figure out what kind of fruit it was supposed to represent . On the upside ? Well , the dog likes them . So I wo n't bother to return them as she is a good dog and deserving of things that she thinks are a treat . You probably wo n't find them very treat-like unless you long for dried out wafers with vaguely representational fruit-specks in them . Get the Garibaldis instead.Crawfords Garibaldi Biscuits 100g -LRB- case of 12 -RRB-
 I am disapointed in these . I thought they would be more like the Sunbeam/Sunshine Brand my Grandma used to buy but they do n't compare at all .
 Although Glucerna seems to help avoid low blood glucose , it is sweet , sweet , sweet ! And , ironically , full of things that are otherwise bad for you , like transfat and palm oil , and little that is good . Another brand of diabetic snack bar is not likely to be worse , and almost certainly would be better . The makers of this bar do n't care about our health
 When i recieved the product it was about 97 degrees . Needless to say , they were melted . They still taste good , just look bad .
 It 's nearly a month , and I 'm still waiting for this delivery . Diabetics depend on these snacks , is why they were ordered in bulk .
 The flowers were shipped in a Fedex box . They were not thirsty as said in ProFlowers Care Instructions ... but they were EXTREMELY thirsty . I ordered 30 tulips and got 29 . I expected five different colors of tulips as shown in ProFlowers Website 's photo but there were only yellow , violet and orange . I hoped they would be the size of the ones I bought at Lucky , but they were the BABY tulips about 1/2 to 3/4 the size of Lucky tulips . My wife was disappointed . I felt ashamed .
 Really disappointed about this ! Sent the Deluxe edition of this to my GF while she was at work on Valentines Day -LRB- 14FEB12 -RRB- . They came in the right vase and on time , but none of them had bloomed ! The picture looks attractive and nothing like what she received , which was a nice red vase with nothing but green for color ! Talk about a let down ! -LRB- see submitted pic -RRB- There was no warning that they would be delivered and take an additional 3 days to bloom ... . seriously !! Not a good impression at all . I will call local next time I am out of town and I want to send flowers .
 I 've ordered from Proflower before with good results . This order arrived with 16 yellow tulips and 16 blue irises in a clear vase , nothing like the written description or photo . To Proflower 's credit , they did promptly refund my purchase price for the mistake .
 These are horrible . Horrible.Usually I can eat the snacks that my child rejects and if I ca n't stand them , the next-door neighbor 's kids will demolish anything edible . These are sitting in my pantry after being tried by about 4 different families with a total of about 8 children and none of them wanted the leftovers to take home . The adults all grimace as soon as they eat them and I hate wasting food , but it 's worth it just to see the expression on their faces . Hopefully I can give them away at the next food drive to someone who may want them , because our family could n't stand the texture or the taste .
 These were not very good . My children wo n't even eat them . The consistency was very strange and it did n't have much flavor at all . Never buy again !!
 The cans are listed as 13 fluid ounces each , but I measured and each can was 12 ounces or less . Since you have to have equal parts water and formula , I had to carefully measure each can . Each can was different . The formula itself worked fine , but it was misleading as to how much I was actually getting for the price . The already mixed formula is much cheaper per ounce than this or even the powder .
 This product sells for $ 4.69 in New York City , the Bronx and inSouth Jersey -LRB- in Shoprite -RRB- for $ 4.69 a can . Amazon is selling it for over five dollars a can , and you have to buy the case . Get it at the store . The formula is great just amazon has it over priced
 SINCE I HAVE TWO BABIES ON THIS FORMULA , IT WAS A VERY CONVENIENT WAY TO ORDER IT . BUT OUT OF EVERY TWELVE PACK I ORDERED , AT LEAST TWO CANS WERE DENTED ENOUGH SO I DID N'T DARE USE THEM . IT IS TOO EXPENSIVE WHEN YOU WERE GETTING TEN FOR THE PRICE OF TWELVE .
 The description says these are `` all natural . '' I was amazed as the colors are very vibrant , so I checked their website . They are NOT natural and are packed with artificial , petroleum-based colors like most other colored sprinkles . If you 're looking for naturally colored sprinkles & colorings , try ChocolateCraftKits dot com .
 these are stale , and hard as a rock . the gum inside is basically as hard as the candy . chipped my tooth . dont waste ur money on this bc the dentist is not fun and NOT cheap .
 Do n't get me wrong -- I 'm not some nut job who thinks this stuff will give you cancer due to lack of testing . I 'm just really miffed at the fact that Splenda has plenty of carbohydrates in it -- 24 grams per cup !! They get away with this by setting their serving size to 1 tsp , which is 0.5 g. Would you believe that in 0.5 g of product there is less than one gram of carbohydrate !? No way !! The sweetener sucralose is not a carbohydrate , but since it 's 600x as sweet as sugar , they need to bulk it up to make it measure like sugar . But all the maltodextrin they use for filler is carbohydrates.This could really screw up somebody on Atkins ' Induction phase . For example , the day before I learned this , I made some Kool-Aid with Splenda . I did n't know that in 2 quarts I was drinking down 24 carbs!What to do ? Find somebody online who sells liquid sucralose . They use water as the filler , it 's super-concentrated still , and it truly has 0 carbs . I look forward to the day when McNeil Nutritionals meets the demand for ZERO-carb Splenda . -LRB- That 's 0.0 g , not 0.49 g ! -RRB-
 This Product Not Only Arrived In An Opened Package , And Without The String -LRB- Which All Balloons Include -RRB- But It Did n't Come With The Taffy That 's Supposedly Included.OverAll I Gave This Product 1 Star , And That 's Being Generous Because If i Could I Would n't Even Give That !
 I ordered 3 boxes of these , and 2 of them came smashed -LRB- they are made of glass -RRB- . Who can I call to get 2 new boxes sent ? I 've tried sending emails , but get no help !!!
 I loved these when I was a kid . Unfortunately , these were very hard and had no flavor . You could tell just by the feel of the package . Should have sent them back .
 I purchased this item from a market because my local Costco ran out of their store brand Kirkland Signature pesto . Roland Pesto is disgusting and inferior ; this brand has ruined meals . Go for the fresh stuff in the refrigerated section of supermarket instead . Or if you are a Costco member , look for their Kirkland Signature Pesto .
 ... the herb basil - ` basilico ' - got its name from a tale of tragic romance , in which a young damsel concealed the severed head of her illicit lover , Basilio , in a pot of basil , which she watered with her tears . -LRB- I think it was Boccaccio , but it does n't matter ... -RRB- The relevance of the story is that basil is extremely easy to grow , even in a large patio pot or a window-box . And now it has become available fresh in supermarkets from sea to shining sea . So there 's no reason or excuse for ` making do ' with jars or tubes of adulterated gunk.Here 's how to make it for yourself
 These looked wonderful and were a birthday present for a close friend . When they came the foil was all stuck to the candy . We tried to unwrap a couple and it made a bigger mess with the paper sticking terribly to the candy . In the end we were able to taste the tiniest piece which just made us more disappointed and angry since it was delicious . We would never order these again or do business with this company . And living in Florida was not the problem since we paid BIG prices for the candy and shipping , it was not hot and the package was literally put in our hands from the truck , so it did n't sit outside . Big Big disappointment .
 tastes awfulonly provides about 10 % of some vitamins63 caloriesdeceptive nutrition label -LSB- bottle contains `` 1.25 servings '' give me a break -RSB- wle .
 Website 's description
 It was over price and stale . I threw them all away . Very , very disappointed . It did n't even taste like this cereal .
 Please oh please folks , start protesting they are charging 8 $ a box . Yes this is hard to find perhaps that is because no one is willing to pay $ 8 a box . the same box int he store costs an outrageous 5.25 . Forever cereal companies have been making a huge profit on our desire for quick and easy breakfast but these prices have to come down and that will only happen if we demand it . I mean seriously what do you think the COGS are on this box . less than a pound of organic material plus processing , packaging , and shipping . This product does not even spend a penny on marketing so no cost there ... Sell it for 3 a box and I make this a regular staple in my family .
 The store where i used to buy this had discontinued it , but now I 've found it in another store for half the price of the online price .
 Bought this candy because it was not in stores . Original box was damaged and looked like it had been in the warehouse for awhile . Candy was fine though .
 With the fact that the title of the tea says COCOA , I was truly hoping for a warm and yummy chocolate tasting tea with a hint of spice - however , the first time I brewed a cup with 1 tea bag - it tasted very very bland and then I tried it with 2 tea bags and sure it tasted slightly better . I enjoy putting a drop of milk into my non-herbal teas , and basically with or without the tinsy drop of milk this tea tasted like blandly flavored water ; a very vague essence of chocolate . Very disappointing . I let the tea sit out for hours -LRB- I had forgotten about it -RRB- and since there was no milk in it and I was curious so I took a sip and I must say it did taste even better ... but still , I do n't want to wait hours and hours for even a slightest bit of flavor from my tea ... although I am thinking of trying it as an iced tea - almost like an iced chai tea . We shall see . I love Yogi Tea and I drink many of their teas - however , this Cocoa Spice is by far not my favorite ...
 I have made stuffed grape leaves quite a few times before . I used to buy a Greek & California brand of brined grape leaves from the grocery store ; but since the store does n't carry them , I ordered `` Roland '' brand . These are the thinnest , most delicate grape leaves I have ever worked with . Only 50 % of the grape leaves were usable . The rest were scraps . Of the 50 % that were usable , they were very thin , torn in places and had to be patched together sometimes . I stuffed them with rice , etc. and never overstuff . I think that they processed the grape leaves in brine solution for too long . As far as my prep on them , I rinsed them and put them on warm water and gently boiled for 1 minute . I do this all the time and have never encountered such leaves . I knew prior to gently boiling them that the leaves were fragile because they broke apart in my hand as I was taking them out . Do n't buy this brand to stuff . Stick with another brand . I ca n't remember which brand I used to buy , but I think it had a yellow label -LRB- California -RRB- and the Greek one might have been `` Krinos '' .
 I had n't made dolmas for quite a while , and I bought a jar of Roland leaves at my local market . I was amazed at how small , thin and mangled they were . I could only salvage enough leaves to use about 2/3 of the filling I had made .
 The package arrived later than expected and looked like it was used as a football . The entire case the candy was in in was cracked to pieces . I would have returned it it but it was too much a hassle .
 Knorr/Lipton Fiesta Sides , Mexican Rice , 5.4-Ounce Packages -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB- What they say you will get is not what you get . They say rice with Orzo what we tried to ordered . But what we got is 24 bags of rice with pasta . We do n't like the rice and pasta . Know they say we ca n't return . BAD Advertising !!!!! Will not order from them anymore .
 Easy to fix but tastes terrible ! I love Mexican rice , but this is n't it ! ~
 You recommended this chocolate bar with orange bits to me , based on my past order for YC Chocolate sugar free 70 % cocoa . We could not eat it ; very bitter , no orange bits just the bitter zest of orange . May be great for baking BUT I do not recommend for pleasurable eating . I would not purchase this again , and you should not recommend it as an eating chocolate .
 I ordered this item in a large quanity , but wanted the items packaged as shown . They were for favors in a holiday bag for the company employees . When they arrived a few were packaged as shown but the bulk were loose . If I had know they would come like this I would have gone to COSTO or some other discount store for the purchase . The cute little box that would have helped make them special and what I thought I paid for was missing .
 Just received this in my package today and it was already opened for me and spilled out on the box . When I opened the box up , the air protector bags were just sitting on top of all the items instead of filling in the space between so the nutella was just rocking around the whole time . I 'm sure it would have been delicious , but now I 'd rather just get in my car and buy this elsewhere then to have it come again in bad packaging and handling .
 This is my sweetheart 's favorite candy . I ordered it for him for one of his many Valentine 's Day presents . When he opened them up to indulge , they were all a melted gloppy mess .
 These looked wonderful and were a birthday present for a close friend . When they came the foil was all stuck to the candy . We tried to unwrap a couple and it made a bigger mess with the paper sticking terribly to the candy . In the end we were able to taste the tiniest piece which just made us more disappointed and angry since it was delicious . We would never order these again or do business with this company . And living in Florida was not the problem since we paid BIG prices for the candy and shipping , it was not hot and the package was literally put in our hands from the truck , so it did n't sit outside . Big Big disappointment .
 I used to love Perugina 's Baci , so I decided to try this since I 've never had their milk chocolate . Somehow I was just not impressed with this bar . It was n't overly sweet , which is always good in my opinion , but there was something missing . Ritter Sport has a milk chocolate cappucino bar which is better , but is a little sweet for my taste . Before trying this one , you may want to try the one by Ritter Sport .
 I sent this candy bar to my mother in FL via Amazon/Prime ; and it arrived melted and all broken up . I think I 'm more disappointed than she was . It may be a small gift , but it cost enough for a candy bar . I sent her one at Christmas , but I guess it was cooler then . Still , the company should know how to ship things in and to warmer weather . I need to know how to get a refund . More than likely , she threw it all out , knowing her .
 first time i ordered the item i was pleasantly surprised each chocolate was filled nicely with burbon and had a strong burbon taste . second time i ordered the item there was very little if any burbon in the chocolate . attempted to contact the seller and had no response . do n't waste your money on this expensive item
 About equal to the Lindt white chocolate bar available at Walmart for less . Not as good as the Lindt white chocolate truffles .
 Buy a hersey bar ... it 's not any worse than this stuff.Any dark chocolate bar that refuses to display the cocoa content on the front of the package is doing so for a reason . They are hiding the low content from you.If you wish to experience real chocolate , try Scharfenberger -LRB- sp ? -RRB- .
 Torani sugar free almond syrup is my favorite and has been for years . Recently , the store where I used to purchase it told me that they are unable to carry it in the future . Much to my delight as a frequent Amazon customer , it was available online at a comparable price , but not as an Amazon product . OMG . I ordered a case and was shocked at the shipping cost !!!!!! I tried to cancel the order but the company said it had shipped , although I had immediately emailed and they were closed -LRB- Sunday -RRB- . I will never order again from the company just because of this shipping cost experience . Although the almond flavor is still my favorite , I will switch to a different one .
 I LOVED this soup as a child . However , now my wife makes me `` Italian Wedding Soup '' which is better and MUCH cheaper!Try making that for a * fraction * of the cost with the ingredients you choose . Easy to make - find a recipe on the Internet.Progresso , be realistic about your prices and I might buy a few cans ...
 VERY sweet ! Distractingly sweet ! Not a lot of flavor . I Love the Jet Tea line ... just not this flavor
 The quality of Marshalls Creeks Sage is less than ideal . The `` sealed '' container is not really `` sealed at all '' I had spider webs and mold -LRB- somehow -RRB- in some other herbs I purchased from them . I personally would n't recommend this product .
 There is hardly any of the herbs advertised on the box in the actual tea leaves.Jason Winters wrote a book about how this `` Miraculous '' discovery saved him from TERMINAL CANCER.Too bad this same `` Miraculous '' tea did n't help my sister one iota.Sadly we bought this tea out of desperation . It tastes like nothing , really ... and it does NOTHING.What a shame .
 you have to change the discription on your website that candy is not fruit filled it caffee , chocolate & hazelnut I returned it and got Capri and Sorrento instead which is what I wanted in the first place fruit .
 The taste is very good . Problems I had were that this was European product soI had to figure how to convert to cups and ounces . Although I like the taste andconvenience , I will not purchase again because of expensive s & h. I will lookfor this product locally unless it 's offered by Amazon on Super Saver .
 I received the package today . It is so not worth the money . Definitely should not an will not buy this one .
 I was really disappointed to see high-fructose corn syrup listed on the nutritional label . Like many IBS patients , I have Fructose Malabsorption , so I get very sick when I eat fructose.The `` Karo Light Corn Syrup '' is fructose-free and tastes great on pancakes . I 'm surprised a company that boldly advertises the light corn syrup as `` 0G high-fructose corn syrup '' would put that ingredient in this product .
 The packaging was great - flavor definately not the same as it used to be .
 I tried the new product but its not the same as when Ghiradelli made it . Very disappointed . They should n't bring a old time product back unless they can duplicate the exact taste/recipe .
 They are now made by a different company , TJerrild , located in Fresno , CA . They definitely do not taste the same as Ghiradelli . Supposedly they are made with the same ingredients , but I would say not the same recipe . A huge difference in taste form when I was a kid . Thanks for the memories Ghiradelli ...
 So Amazon suggested this as an alternative to Crawford Garibaldi biscuits . Being how I am in search of a suitable replacement for the old Sunshine raisin biscuits , I figured I 'd give 'em a try . What a mistake . Not only they are nothing like the Sunshines , they are nothing like the Garibaldis either . The pictures on the package are quite misleading , suggesting that there is actual fruit to be found inside the biscuits . Not so . Yeah , there 's a couple of raisin specks in each biscuit , but if you did n't already know that you 'd be hard-pressed to figure out what kind of fruit it was supposed to represent . On the upside ? Well , the dog likes them . So I wo n't bother to return them as she is a good dog and deserving of things that she thinks are a treat . You probably wo n't find them very treat-like unless you long for dried out wafers with vaguely representational fruit-specks in them . Get the Garibaldis instead.Crawfords Garibaldi Biscuits 100g -LRB- case of 12 -RRB-
 I am disapointed in these . I thought they would be more like the Sunbeam/Sunshine Brand my Grandma used to buy but they do n't compare at all .
 I love the cookies and can get them by the bag at the closest gourmet deli . I decided to splurge and pay more to get the tin for my kitchen counter . Somehow , in spite of being in a box with bubble wrap , it arrived dented at the top below the cover . So I spent more money than needed to get a cast off dented box that probably had been hanging out for a while . Do yourself a favor - if you want the box , go and buy it where you can select an undamaged one .
 My family has enjoyed these cookies for more than a decade , and at our Christmas Eve dinner , we brought them out at the usual time , and started with the annual tradition of `` flying angels . '' For those of you not familiar with these cookies , if you wrap them in a cylinder , and light the top , when the fire reaches the base , the wrapper shoots up in the air . It 's actually quite a bit of fun.So imagine our surprise this year when NONE of the wrappers would fly . We compared old wrappers and new , and SOMETHING has changed about the wrappers . Whether it 's wax , weight , or something else , none would fly for us -LRB- and we have an awful lot of people who are experienced with this -RRB- . So , if you 're a fan of these cookies , and the fun tradition that 's sprung up around them , I caution you , you may not be able to enjoy them this year as you have done in the past .
 Like another reviewer , I am disappointed that as of 2010 , the wrappers no longer float up into the air when lit . In fact , I 've written this review only because we had gotten some for a 60th birthday dinner party we hosted and were curious why they did n't work.The cookies themselves are light in texture , flavorful -LRB- very...H-bomb department -RRB- , and crunchy . But they are so sweet your molars will explode on contact.To many people these are good things . But since I do not like extreme sweetness , I 'm not one of them . Too bad , because the texture is very nice . Anyway , you folks who are averse to sugary stuff should stick to your favorite biscotti.We would serve these cookies on the side with the `` main '' dessert , exclusively on special occasions when we wanted to do the delightful little trick with the wrappers . Without that ability , we have no reason to buy the cookies .
 bought these for a group of family who loves coffee / tea and was visiting my home . the packing is awesome and the cookies look very preciously packed.however I was n't impressed by them at all taste wise . found them to be bitter and lots of essence . was disappointed as I was really counting on them and thought with the packing and reviews , I had found the right one .
 These are delectable little almond flavored cookies . They have a nice crunch and a lovely aroma , and they are not too rich . They are perfect to serve for dessert with coffee after a large dinner.My low review is not because the product is bad but because Go Italy Gourmet is a company to be avoided . I have had a bad experience with them . I ordered two tins as X-mas gifts from this company through Amazon several weeks before X-mas , with a guaranteed X-mas delivery . They did not show up . I talked with the company representative after X-mas , and he told me that they were sold out of the size that I wanted , but that he could substitute a different size . I told him I did n't need it anymore and to cancel the order . He said okay and hung up . Instead of changing the order , he sent me an email that falsely claimed that my order had already shipped BEFORE X-mas and could n't be changed . This can not be true because I spoke with the representative a week after the supposed mailing date , and he said nothing had shipped because the product was n't in stock . My credit card was billed in December , but here I am a month later and still no cookies . They are not lost in the mail ; the company is engaging in devious tactics to lock in my order while they wait to be restocked .
 This table blend is nothing more than pepper -- DIFFERENT KINDS OF GROUND PEPPER . Not much seasoning here . I made the mistake some time ago buying a large quantity of this stuff thinking it was the `` Original '' blend . The `` Table '' blend is all pepper and nothing more . If you want the good stuff , do NOT buy this one . Buy the `` ORIGINAL . `` The only good thing I have to say about this purchase is the service . The service is great , I 'm giving low rating to the product itself , not the service . Mrs Dash should label this product `` SEASONING PEPPER . ''
 Do n't be fooled with the size of the box . Exactly 40 % of that is just a paper . I hate when manufactures try to fool customers increasing the visible size of the package .
 BRACHS WAS AT THE TOP OF THE LIST WHEN IT COMES TO CHOCOLATE BUT WITH THE NEW PACKAGING COMES A NEW FORMULA AND THEY ARE TERRIBLE IT DOSE N'T EVEN TASTE LIKE CHOCOLATE.I WILL NEVER BUY BRACH AGAIN UNTIL THAT SEND OUT A NEWSLETTER ON THE BAG AND ON ALL THE SITES THAT SELL BRACHS STATING THAT THEY WENT BACK TO THE OLD RECIPE , THEY HAVE LOST A VERY GOOD CUSTOMER
 It 's a great idea , but the flavor is so strong in the cinnamon and peppermint flavors that I ca n't eat them . The caffeinated chocolate mints , however , are perfect . In fact , using these for my caffeine addiction instead of Coke or Pepsi has helped me lose quite a bit of weight !
 Product seems okay . It does not come packaged in a basket as a set like I thought it would . It was shipped at a ridiculously high shipping rate and still came in a little banged up . I will not order from this company again . They have terrible customer service . They did not respond to me until I got Amazon involved .
 AlwaysDirect did an excellent job packaging and delivering . They actually packed it with 2 freezer bags to try and keep it cool . Now the freezer bags were complete thawed by the time i recieved it but I appreciate the gesture . The chocolate was fine and not melted . My only complaint is it is too expensive . Target sells a 9.5 oz bag for $ 2.99 . This `` tub '' is 40oz -LRB- note
 Seriously ! This is pretty ridiculous . Unless you live in a place without a decent grocery store this is a complete rip off ! You can buy all these items for likely under $ 20 at World Market .
 I bought two 17.6 oz cans . Both are marked with 12/2010 packing date and 12/2012 expiration date . This coffee is absolutely bland , nothing like Effendi I have had before this order , from a different vendor . Either it was stale before it was canned or there might be another possible explanation . The text on either can is in Turkish and German . The same brand bought before , from a different vendor , was in Turkish and English . Perhaps , for German market , it is supposed to be bland but I doubt it . The largest Turkish community outside of Turkey would not drink this stuff.I got full refund from Amazon.I strongly recommend to buy your Mehmet Effendi from another vendor and to make sure the text on the can is in Turkish and English .
 This is wrong advertisement . It is NOT turkish coffee . I had some that I broght from Turkey and this one smells completely different .
 I purchased 2 jars of this jelly after seeing this berry on the Dr. Oz show , my husband and i loved the taste and used it on toast put it in our cottage cheese etc. . We finished the first jar and started on the second jar when I started having swelling in my hands and then hives broke out over my entire body , I went to the doctor and he put me on prednisone but the hives kept coming I also went to a natural path tech and they discovered that there was a pesticide in the jelly that I was extremely allergic too . Word of warning if you have sensitive to any food allergies or allergies period I would not recommend trying this product , I am on week two after I have stopped eating it and it is still trying to rid my body . It was so bad I had pains in my chest and with heart problems in my family I went to the ER just last week thank goodness it was n't my heart however it might be my gallbladder ? I have never wrote a review on anything before but I also have never had a food reaction like this before so i wanted to pass this on to prevent anyone from going through what I did .
 Unfortunately , I can not review the taste of this product because it arrived poorly packaged and the jar was broken . Since they have a no return policy , I am out of luck .
 These do not taste like magic bars . Something is off . And there are not supposed to be butterscotch chips in them . Yuck.Just make the recipe instead . Trust me.Ingredients :1 / 2 cup butter1-1 / 2 cup graham cracker crumbs14 ounce can sweetened condensed milk1 cup -LRB- 6 ounces -RRB- semisweet chocolate chips3-1 / 2 ounce can -LRB- 1-1/3 cups -RRB- flaked coconut1 cup walnuts or pecans , choppedPreheat oven to 350 degrees . Place butter in a 9X13 baking pan . Melt in oven . Remove pan from oven and carefully tilt pan to spread melted butter around . Sprinkle graham cracker crumbs over melted butter . Pour sweetened condensed milk over the crumbs . Top with remaining ingredients . Bake 25 minutes . Cool . Cut into bars .
 After trying several different varieties -LRB- brownies , cookies -RRB- of these Eagle Brand mixes , I have nothing positive to say about any of them . They are WAY , WAY too sweet and have a bad taste.To each their own , but I strongly advise staying away from these .
 I bought this in a store looking for a replacement for my usual brand , Palanquin , and I was pretty disappointed . The bags do n't have enough tea inside ; you need to use at least two to make decent cup . The black tea had a bitter tang that the spice was unable to overcome . I wo n't be buying this one again .
 I am not sure what they sent me . It does not taste or work like the coca tea I have had in the past .
 I spent more for shipping than the product cost and got dried , brown tasteless stuff like sawdust.I definitely would not buy this again . I wanted a true lemon taste to put on fish and vegetables.This is not fit to use for any reason I can think of .
 I ordered this product -LSB- from DoC -RSB- based on the comments from folks who received lemon peel , the picture and of course , the listed ingredients ; both of which clearly state `` Lemon Peel . '' What I received was the title product `` Meat Tenderizer Seasoning , No Salt . '' Some kind of spice blend that was devoid of any lemon , peel or otherwise.Amazon issued a refund and the rep who processed the refund acknowledged the mistake in the listing . Unfortunately , as of today -LRB- two weeks later -RRB- , 12/23/2012 , the title , the product image and the listed ingredients are STILL incompatible.I do n't know HOW the other commentators received actual lemon peel by ordering this product , unless the merchant picks which item to ship -LSB- lemon peel or tenderizer seasoning -RSB- according to the moon and stars . Placing an order on faith could be a gamble ... Better to see a tarot reader for a forecast before taking the chance .
 I have to comment on the poor quality of both the service and the product I ordered . I placed an order for the Marshall 's Creek dried lemon peel on October 30th and it was n't delivered until November 28th , a full 2 weeks past the latest delivery date quoted when I ordered -- as a matter of fact , the invoice gave 11/21/12 as the shipping date . The quality of the lemon peel is very poor -- there is absolutely no lemon flavor and no lemon smell , the only aroma is a chlorine-like smell -LRB- a little disturbing -RRB- and there is virtually no flavor at all . Actually , nothing about the product would indicate that it is dried lemon peel -- as another buyer stated , it looks like sawdust . Also a bit disturbing was that there was no tamper-seal on the bottle or tape around the lid and a good indicator of their care for quality was evidenced by the label being slapped on the bottle crooked . Also , note that when I ordered , the item name was Lemon Peel as shown in the picture -- my bottle is labeled lemon peel , but maybe it is meat tenderizer -- like I said , it sure does n't taste like lemon!Based on the low quality of the product , poor delivery time combined with the high cost for shipping and handling -LRB- nearly $ 5 for a $ 5.99 item -RRB- , I will not be ordering anything from this vendor again . As Amazon requests when giving a poor review , I sent an email directly to Marshall 's Creek Spices when I received the shipment and have not heard anything from them -- evidently they have no intention of providing return instructions or refunding my money .
 Monosodium glutamate -LRB- MSG -RRB- can trigger headaches and other symptoms in some people.Aw ... then we get some garlic powder among other fillers after salt and MSG . There are much better , both convenient and healthy spices and herbs combinations -LRB- real food -RRB- to choose . Check out Frontier 's line - inexpensive , many are organic and ingredients include the spice or herb itself or some tasty combination . There 's a new line -LRB- to me -RRB- I have not tried , but prices are low and product is organic - Red Monkey .
 I have been wating to try this for a long time now , hearing such great things about this cookie . I hear that they are soo good , and they are the best ever . I was excited to try them , and when I did was I let down . They are not that great , they taste so artificial and lack in major taste . These in no way taste like shortbread ata ll , they taste like a cookie that barbie would make with fake ingredients . I would not waste your money on them until you buy a small amount at the store to try first .
 i 'm afraid this mushrooms are being recalled . see -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB- Being recalled are1 -RRB- `` Shirakiku Brand Dried Shiitake Whole Mushrooms '' , 3oz2 -RRB- `` Shirakiku Brand Dried Shiitake Sliced Mushrooms '' , 2oz
 I bought this product with great expectations . But after I followed all the directions on the package , the soaking and the cooking it , it had no flavor and was so without taste that I had to ask for a refund , which Amazon comply . There is one food that I like more than any othet is mushrooms . And for me to be desapointed so much as to ask for a refund , it was pretty bad !
 The dried sorrel looks OK but I did n't know how small the packages would be . The product was only a few ounces for a LOT of money . I would not recommend this product .
 Personally , I do n't care for Salt & Vinegar chips , but my spouse loves them . However , he did not love these . He has tried the most expensive brand and the least expensive brand . He gives PotatoFingers Salt & Vinegar Chips two stars and one star is simply for how fast they were delivered .
 If you have never eaten cooked rice -LRB- as in steamed rice -RRB- then you might want to try this product . However , if you DO know what `` real cooked rice '' tastes like , then avoid ANY and ALL of these so called ready-to-eat microwave rice products . They DO NOT taste anything like real cooked rice . FACT . If you do n't believe me , purchase any `` ready to eat '' microwave rice and see for yourself . You are better off spending your money on a `` rice cooker '' like any of the ZOJIRUSHI models or even the lesser priced PANASONIC models , all of which are available from AMAZON . Just ask yourself , `` do Asians eat microwave ready-to-eat rice '' ... . well they do n't .
 I thought I ordered this from Wilderness Family Naturals . When it arrived it was from a different supplier , unlabeled , in 2 half gallons instead of one gallon , and it has the coconut taste and smell so it is clearly not the grade I ordered , and I have no idea what I actually received . In the future I will only order directy from Wilderness Family Naturals website , where I have always gotten exactly what I ordered . I will not order this product from amazon again .
 Tried Nutiva coconut oil and it was delicious , but it did n't come in a gallon size . We then ordered Wilderness Family coconut oil . Hideous , ghastly is too mild too truly explain how awful the taste which was like old soap . The smell lingered in the kitchen for hours just from opening the gallon container . There is no way it could be used for cooking or for anything else . We are disputing the purchase with our credit card company since the Wilderness Family Co. wo n't give credit unless the product is `` defective '' which requires shipping back with the attendant cost . Since we tasted it when we got it , we are now afraid of catching some horrible disease from the product . Do n't buy it .
 I do not like Xylitol ! I have tried Stevia without any issues , but decided to try Xylitol when my Stevia ran out as I 'd heard good things about it . I have gluten sensitivities and this product , although it says it is gluten-free , made me feel all of my symptoms -LRB- nauseous , tummyache , diarrhea , gassy , etc. -RRB- This product is just not good for me .
 I recently purchased Jarrow 's xylitol because I was out of my usual brand and the only place I could find any xylitol was in Whole Foods . Apparently Whole Foods only stocks Jarrow . Anyhow , I recently purchased Jarrow 's xylitol and , to quote Julia Roberts to the nasty saleslady in Pretty Woman , `` Big mistake . Huge . `` This product has the fine , powdery consistency of baking soda and seems just as inclined towards clumping , even with the addition of a chemical anti-clumping agent . I 'm not sure whether it 's this fineness or this chemical additive -LRB- silicon dioxide -RRB- , but when I put a little spoonful into my mouth , instead of dissolving evenly into a sweet , clear liquid , it turned into a thick glop . It also has a weird aftertaste that I 've never noticed in other xylitol brands . Those of you raving about this stuff ought to sample a few other brands first .
 These suckers taste GREAT ... but after opening the wrappers , the ` last inch ' is nothing but a thin sheet of candy like it was a bubble with nothing on the inside but air . Also , some other suckers have had the top inch cut off accidentally . I could tell this company -LRB- which sold it to me -RRB- , got them at a reduced price because we only get about 3/4 of a sucker and there are 24 suckers in each box.I love the taste of these suckers so in the past I 've bought boxes from other companies and have never had this happen before . -LRB- as far as the product being under weight -RRB-
 Okay , I bought a case -LRB- 4 -RRB- Jars of this `` Kauffman Pennsylvania '' brand Pumpkin Butter.At first I thought I got a batch of rotten butter due to the 100 degree heat . Bitter Blan taste.Turns out that my 32 year daughter likes this product because It 's low in Sugar compaired to the other brands.I find It very Bland , Almost like the canned Pumpkin that you buy to use to make Pumpkin Pies . I had to add Cinnimon to my Peanut Butter & Pumpkin Butter sandwich.No Cinnimon and clove flavor at all . -LRB- Bland -RRB- !! I myself love Trader Joe 's brand . It Bursts in my mouth with Flavor !! I love Trader Joe 's Pumpkin butter so much , I just bought a case of 24 Jars at $ 2.50 a jar . Normal price , Not Bulk price.I see others here on Amazon.com selling the Trader Joe 's Pumpkin Butter for $ 14.50 a jar !! I 'm no way affiliated with or nor am I an employee with Trader Joe ` sI just love Trader Joe 's Pumpkin Butter , Love it !!
 One of the items had unsealed so there was soap and basket particles everywhere . Not sure whether to return it or try to clean it up .
 ... these cookies are okay . I 've had the caramel apple and double chocolate chunk and loved them -LRB- still do -RRB- . The peanut butter flavor , however , has been a disappointment . They smell a little bit like wet cardboard . Fortunately , though , they taste somewhat better than they smell , but it 's clear that this is a healthfood cookie . I may try toasting one to see if that makes it easier to palate ... however , when I 'm on the go and want to pull one out of my bag or back pocket to snack on , I wo n't have the benefit of the toaster .
 Items arrived with one of the four jars broken . Cut finger trying to extract the other three from the shipping container . Product is a too sweet sauce that appears to use lots of corn syrup . Do not buy this product
 It was sooo old . Powder mix hard . I was VERY disappointed ! The mix had to be `` mashed '' back to powder form . The taste was off . I 've been using this for years , love it but the shipment I received has clearly been sitting in a shelf somewhere for a loooong time . : -LRB-
 Why put chemicals in your food ? I can understand if you ca n't cook real goulash , but honestly , what is so difficult about onions , salt , and paprika ? By the way , this product contains NO paprika . I tried it once when I was in a hurry and was extremely disappointed . The above reviewer who uses it for her goulash and paprikas ... shudder .
 For anyone who suffers from adverse reactions to Monosodium Glutamate -LRB- MSG -RRB- this should be avoided . MSG is the main ingredient . For me causes Migrane headache within 30 minutes - thats for all MSG containing foods , not just this .
 First let me say that my family really likes Aromat.But the problem here is the faulty canisters.Two of them opened before the package was delivered to me , with seasoning all over the box.I tried to complain , or ask for replacement and kept getting the ` not returnable ' reply with no options to complain.So I guess I am stuck with it . Of course I cancelled my subscription for this .
 This is my all-time favorite spice ; we call it `` secret weapon '' around our kitchen . We use it profusely . Last time I bought this was in September of 2009 , 3 flats for a total of 36 pieces . I was about to reorder today and notice the price has gone through the roof , i.e. , there has been a WHOPPING TWENTY-FOUR PERCENT INCREASE . So I checked other websites which sell the individual , 3 oz . shakers . Those prices are unchanged . Next on the agenda
 Love the product BUT . . Bought a 12-pack in the fall from Amazon for $ 32 -LRB- with repeat ordering -RRB- ... Repeat ordering option was canceled in the new year and now it appears at double the cost . Given that the it takes less US currency to purchase a euro than in the fall ... . something is rotten in Denmark !
 I bought these as gifts and the feedback I got was that they were flavorless and old-tasting . I should have heeded the other reviewer 's warning .
 Unfortunately I had to return these nuts because they were moist & chewy ... YUK ! However , I have had this brand in the past and enjoyed them tasty & crunchy .
 This company-Fast-Pak Trading Inc. locates in New Jersey . We used to buy honey they are distributing here in Brooklyn for couple years now . Manuka is our favorite , but in past year its price just skyrocketed , so we switched to Kamahi and Thyme.We love Kamahi-it has distinctive taste , not as many American honeys we were trying for years . BUT !!! Last time we bought Kamahi from the same Fast-Pak Trading Inc. in the local store-it was different honey ! Although label says it 's the same , but I know the taste and can say for sure-they put something different in the jar . It 's more like clover honey , something cheaper and less tasty . So , be aware of it , when you 're buying honey from this company.Other than that-Kamahi is great honey .
 The quality of the items in this gift set are terrible . The food is just awful -- even my kids wouldnt eat the cookies . The spa items had no scent . Better to spend the money on a small gift set from a better known company .
 The products included in this basket had no scent whatsoever . The box was taped together and falling apart . I was very disappointed in the extremely bad quality of this product .
 beautiful but it is not a good idea putting soap and cookies in a box.After a white cookies taste like soap !
 I received this as a gift . How could I tell my friend , who kindly sent it but could not see it , that it was so CHEAP looking . the body care products smell terrible and the quality is so cheap . One of the bottles was actually open . The cookies were dry . The tea was bitter . A terrible nightmare . What a double disappointment - to open this on my birthday morning , and then to try not to disappoint my friend when she called to ask if I had liked it . DO N'T buy this !!
 This arrived opened with no invoise and I had to put the jar in the trash I would not think anyone would eat an open jar that just arrived in the mail .
 I looked forward to this tea and I do n't know why . I was disappointed in the flavor and I have made better tea myself by adding a drop of Anise candy flavoring to green tea .
 Boo . This tea is horrible ! It sounded delicious but they do n't overtly advertise the sasaperilla and rooibos mixed in with the chamomile , vanilla and cinnamon . It 's overwhelming - and I like rooibos tea . These flavors just do n't go together in my book .
 Amazon sells a 700-ct for $ 15 . . why would i ever pay $ 35 for 1000-ct -LRB- plus shipping on 1000-ct -RRB- ... seems crazy . Look up the 700-ct and you 'll be siked .
 Splenda is an amazing artificial sweetener . But you already know that if you drink Diet Coke with Splenda or you 've been to a coffee shop in the past few years . Now you 're looking to purchase this expensive sweetener for less money , right?Recently , Amazon has consistently amazed me by being the product price leader and the place that wins my final purchase . I 'll Google the heck out of books and electronics seeking the best combination of delivered price and seller reliability . Amazon wins more often than not.Which is exactly why I 'm so annoyed at myself for buying this 1000 count box of Splenda for $ 28.45 . The day after I ordered I was in a big-box member club -LRB- four letters starting with S -RRB- where I saw , to my shock , the exact same 1,000 count box for $ 20.50 . Yikes . I paid nearly _ 40 % more _ the day before and thought I got a deal.Caveat emptor . Today on Amazon I now seeSplenda No Calorie Sweetener 1000 Individual Packets Value Pack -LRB- Net Wt . 2.2 for as low as $ 22.89 . But the less-than-sweet moral of this story is that things may not * always * cost less on the web .
 How could you people like this crap ?! The more I use it the more I hate it . My family tells me it tastes just like sugar . I 'm not sure that they ever actually had sugar ! I 'm stuck with using this in my coffee until I get my favorite sweetener called Ideal in the mail . I may run out and buy sugar as a back up until i get my sweetener . The tast of this is vile . the after taste is horrid . I might as well be putting fermented bile in my coffee ! bleh !!!!!
 Received the producy in a crushed box . I ended up finding it less expensive locally on sale . Wo n't do that again . Price was fine , but shipping kicked it over .
 this product that recibi was not in good state since 80 % of the panesitos of garlic were divided
 We love these crackers , and are hard to find in grocery stores . So I was delighted to find them available here , but so disappointed when we discovered they were all stale .
 I love Bremner Wafers , but the crackers in these boxes are stale and rancid tasting . Unfortunately I did n't open the first box until it was too late to return them . I had checked the sell by date when they arrived last month , and they are supposed to be OK until September of this year , BUT they are n't . Very , very disappointing .
 After reading the fantastic reviews of this tea , I thought I just had to have it ! This does not taste like any Irish Breakfast tea that I 've ever had and is actually quite bland . I am very disappointed after reading the reviews to discover this is quite tasteless . At this point , I prefer Fresh & Easy 's Irish Breakfast to this and before that I will drink Twinings or ESP Emporiums loose . Also , all the other teas I listed are priced more reasonably than this tea . Do n't waste your money like I did .
 This is the worst coffee I 've ever tasted . I always buy amaretto-flavored coffee in June for my wedding anniversary since it reminds us of our wedding cake . This is just terrible . It tastes a bit like plastic . I have three unopened bags , and I certainly not going to brew and drink them . I thought about giving them away , but I do n't hate anyone that much . Is a refund available ?
 I must agree with other reviewers that this coffee is sometimes bitter with a strange taste that I have n't noticed in other amaretto flavored coffee .
 This coffee had good ratings on Amazon , so I thought it would be a good purchase . I was excited to find the almond amaretto coffe for a reasonable price . I can not find this flavored coffee where I live . When I opened the bag , I was pleased with the aroma , but when brewed the coffee had a very bitter taste . I thought I had just added too much coffee . Next morning , I tried again using a little less coffee . It was still bitter.I have tried different amounts and every time it is BITTER . I have 3 more bags of coffee that I do n't like.Can I send them back or get a refund ?
 I was excited when this package arrived , but very disappointed the next morning . This coffee has a strange chemical taste/smell and is undrinkable . I now have four bags I ca n't use ... not happy !
 I am a big fan of sugar free products so I can sacrifice a bit of flavor but this was horrible ! It did not have a sweet marshmallow taste at all . A bit bitter in fact . I would reommend the Monin brand of syrups for steamers .
 I expected a more spicy product . I used as an additive as specified in our local paper recipe section .
 I paid $ 55 for a 96 pack of Maggi and was initially excited when it first arrived . However , as I was cooking it I noticed that it had an odd odor to it , and when I tried eating it , I realized the noodles were very stale . I checked to see what the expiration date on the packs was , but there was none listed -LRB- conveniently -RRB- . I opened some other packs , and found each one to be very stale ... they must be months over expired -- maybe even more than a year . This has been quite upsetting , and I would not recommend it at all .
 Day :1 Hmm , I was excited on seeing Amzn.com 's offer which pretty much dwarfs the price I pay for noodles at the Indian grocery store ... when the box came , I ripped it open to taste the noodles hoping that the taste would be great ... hmm not quite . . it had a stale smell , not intolerable , but recognizable.Day :2 I ate two packs and did not get the flavor ... something fishy . . Day :3 I decided that I am not going to return a 96 pack -LRB- rather 94 now -RRB- box and decided to stock the noodles in my shelf . Suddenly my eyes fell on the expiry date , it was February 2011 . . and what date is it today ? August 2011 . . The idea is not about being able to return products , but to make sure the products are good in the first place . . think about the effort I have to put in now to return it ... why does this happen ? Is Amazon not reading reviews ? Are people who pack the noodles not literate enough to read the expiry date ? I am disappointed .
 Sweet , but almost no rhubard flavor . Bargain supermarket brands have more flavor . I will not be buying this product again . I will not be buying this product again .
 I was hoping for honey mustard goodness , since it has the same color as Portillo 's amazing honey mustard.This tastes like it 's made with mustard , salt water & a hint of sugar . This must have been invented by a pregnant woman.I was not raised on this & would never recommend it . I actually came online to find out if the `` Famous '' in the title was just a gimmick to make me buy it . I also came online in order to write this review so nobody else has to be subjected to this.If you want to try this sauce , just go to a salty California beach instead & drown yourself . I 'm sure it would yield the same result .
 I dearly love Durkees Sauce and $ 27.00 for 6 bottles seems fair but $ 15.30 for shipping ? Are you crazy ? No sale - No way ! ~
 This tortellini is dry and grainy and comes in small boxes . I could n't eat it ... the flavor was very strong , but not very good . I ended up donating all 11 remaining boxes .
 This stuff is watery , has almost no maple taste and is only slightly sweet . After taste was really bad . Awful stuff .
 I purchased this with high expectations since I was paying a high price . This stuff is terrible and I ca n't see why it is getting such positive reviews . The store bought Cary 's brand is far superior to this and much cheaper . The Da Vinci s.f. vanilla is just as bad , so save your money and just use extracts for flavor .
 My sister is diabetic and loves pancakes . Most sugar-free pancake syrups are made with sorbital , which can cause extreme digestive system problems . I found this product and thought we 'd finally found something she could use , as it was made with splenda . Watch out folks ... this is not pancake syrup , despite what it says on the label . It is a liquid flavoring that is added to coffee drinks . It is watery , slightly sweet , and does n't taste like maple syrup . We were able to get a refund , but it was because the bottles we got were out of date , not because of the false advertising . The seller , Beverage Gourmet , was absolutely disappointing in their handling of our problem . -LRB- The manufacturer , to our surprise , was very helpful but ultimately we had to deal with Beverage Gourmet -RRB- .
 I agree -- this tea will make you quit coffee ! I did . But the rise in price from just over $ 20 to nearly $ 28 since June will make me look elsewhere to purchase this tea !
 I ordered this product because the picture was of the old packaging of Awake tea.The solid red box is no longer available in local stores . My plan was to stockpile since the new Awake has a different taste . Instead of what I ordered , I received six boxes of Awake Tea in the new packaging . Not a fan and it less expensive locally than what I paid online .
 the photo looks great . Too bad what i got had slivered almonds - not a single whole almond in the box!don ' t waste your money . the picture looks NOTHING like what they send . They should have to put up a photo of what it really looks like . they would n't sell any !!!!! VERY DISAPPOINTED and feel cheated
 This has always been my favorite blend for ice tea . The last filterbags lacked the aroma of the original Tazo ice tea and proved to not have the flavor . It tasted like cheap black tea.I wo n't purchase this product again .
 A previous shipment of Tazo Iced Black Tea bags worked quite well . This shipment arrived with loose tea scattered over the inside of the box . 10 of the 24 bags had seams that had separated ; so far another 2 have separated seams.Tazo Iced Black Tea Filterbags , 1-1/4 - Ounce Filterbags -LRB- 24-Count Total -RRB-
 the photo looks great . Too bad what i got had slivered almonds - not a single whole almond in the box!don ' t waste your money . the picture looks NOTHING like what they send . They should have to put up a photo of what it really looks like . they would n't sell any !!!!! VERY DISAPPOINTED and feel cheated
 the photo looks great . Too bad what i got had slivered almonds - not a single whole almond in the box!don ' t waste your money . the picture looks NOTHING like what they send . They should have to put up a photo of what it really looks like . they would n't sell any !!!!! VERY DISAPPOINTED and feel cheated
 it 's just like ordinary black tea , with a fancy name.before you buy it in this much quantity , make sure you tried it first and liked it .
 the photo looks great . Too bad what i got had slivered almonds - not a single whole almond in the box!don ' t waste your money . the picture looks NOTHING like what they send . They should have to put up a photo of what it really looks like . they would n't sell any !!!!! VERY DISAPPOINTED and feel cheated
 the photo looks great . Too bad what i got had slivered almonds - not a single whole almond in the box!don ' t waste your money . the picture looks NOTHING like what they send . They should have to put up a photo of what it really looks like . they would n't sell any !!!!! VERY DISAPPOINTED and feel cheated
 the photo looks great . Too bad what i got had slivered almonds - not a single whole almond in the box!don ' t waste your money . the picture looks NOTHING like what they send . They should have to put up a photo of what it really looks like . they would n't sell any !!!!! VERY DISAPPOINTED and feel cheated
 I love Twining 's Irish Breakfast tea - Before I started using a real tea pot with loose leaf teas , I would have it every morning with breakfast . So , when I got into loose leaf teas , I naturally ordered my favorite tea.This is actually just little pellets of tea with no leaves at all.I did n't notice that missing word in the description when I ordered it , and I was quite disappointed to find that this teas falls through the strainer in my tea pot.Very disappointing .
 I love Twinings Irish Breakfast teabags , but wanted to try the loose leaf tea to use in my new teapot . I was very disappointed when I received it to find that the loose tea looked like instant coffee & a lot of the tea leaves ended up in my cup . My teapot has small slits in the infuser but the tea was so fine that it washed out into the teapot . I was expecting better from Twinings .
 I bought the loose leaf tea thinking that the Twinings brand would be good quality . I was very wrong . This tea has the look and consistency of instant coffee NOT loose leaf tea . I made one cup and threw it out , VERY DISAPPOINTING.If you want a decent quality loose leaf tea do not buy this .
 Twinings teabag Irish Breakfast Tea has four tea leaf rating while the English Breakfast Tea has three tea leaf strength rating , illustrated on the box . The images of Twinings tea tins do not possess the strength rating , however , when I received my tins they both had three tea leaf strengths on the front of the tin . I can not explain the disparity in strength rating between teabag and tin for the Irish Breakfast tea.My reason for buying Irish Breakfast tea was for my first cup of tea , higher strength than their English Breakfast tea . Amazon should correct this by getting Twinings to send updated images . Similarly , written descriptions fail to indicate Twinings tea strengths using Twinings tea leaf rating system . This should also be corrected . My supplier 's and Amazon 's processing were both superlative .
 This mango syrup was nothing but bad . It does not sweeten only flavors so you have to add sugar plus the syrup . I made a batch of it and the whole family would n't drink it . Had to dump it out and now the pretty bottle sits on a counter waiting to give it to someone who might like it . Maybe i did something wrong ... dunno ...
 Like a lot of other brands of `` healthy '' noodles , these were not very good . Kind of grainy tasting . I do n't find this texture with Barilla whole grain pastas .
 I just received my raisins . They were packaged very nicely and I already knew I would like them . However , I was very disappointed to find that the entire 12 packages had an expiration date of Jan 15 , 2008 . Today is February 14 , 2008 !! They 're shipped from Canada and I think a lot of people do n't realize that they , along with Europe , write their dates opposite to us . Like March 5 would be 050308 , not like we would expect 030508 . So my boxes had an expiration date of 150108 . I called for a refund and received one . They 're probably still ok , but I do n't want to take a chance , especially giving it to a child .
 Raisins are not a good snack for kids -LRB- or others -RRB- . The sticky fruit clings to the enamel of the teeth , promoting tooth decay .
 Whole-wheat pasta is better for you . However , this brand , Davinci is an absolute ripoff . It is about $ 3 per box for only 12 oz . To give a perspective , one could buy 16oz boxes of whole-wheat spaghetti for $ 1 per box and it will taste just as good.One would think that the pasta is organic at this staggering price , but no it is just regular whole-wheat pasta in a small 12oz . box . This is definitely a case of not getting what you pay for !
 The second ingredient is `` flour '' - what kind of flour ? Is this really whole grain ? Is it really spelt ? I wo n't be buying this product again .
 Whole-wheat pasta is better for you . However , this brand , Davinci is an absolute ripoff . It is about $ 3 per box for only 12 oz . To give a perspective , one could buy 16oz boxes of whole-wheat spaghetti for $ 1 per box and it will taste just as good.One would think that the pasta is organic at this staggering price , but no it is just regular whole-wheat pasta in a small 12oz . box . This is definitely a case of not getting what you pay for !
 I bought this flower arrangment for my mom for Mother 's day . The Tuesday AFTER Mother 's day I received an email stating that my order had been cancelled ! No reason was given . Of course , it is still listed as available on Amazon and IN STOCK ! I ca n't find any other information about my order or why it might have been cancelled ... I mentioned above that this product was cancelled for no reason . Actually , after much investigation , I discovered that the problem was with Amazon , not Winning Gifts . Amazon decided that the delivery could n't be made by Mother 's Day and they cancelled my order before it even got to Winning Gifts ! When I asked Amazon to explain , they claimed that my credit card declined the charge , which I verified was n't true . When I presented the evidence from Amex to Amazon , they claimed that Winning Gifts cancelled the order , which was n't true either ! When I contacted Winning Gifts about my order , they apologized and ask what they could do to help . They shipped the flowers overnight and the whole transaction cost me less money . Problem Solved - the solution ? Just do n't involve Amazon . I 'd like to change my rating to 5 stars for Winning Gifts , BTW , but Amazon wo n't let me change my rating : - -RRB-
 Expedited Flowers were not undelivered on time to my friend who 's birthday was on Sun , February 3 , 2008 . The expedited date is 2 to 4 days later . I am very unsatisfied.Floyd Atkinson
 Just horrible . Flowers arrived late and were dead , even thugh I 'd paid $ 90 to have delivery expedited they did n't arrive for five days . And then they were dead.And then I found it impossible to complain -- could n't find a phome number and amazon never responded to my emails.Worst experience I 've evr had with an amazo affliate .
 I already submitted my review , but it was not posted , . . I 'm guessing due to the fact that it was not a good review?Anyway , These cookies were TERRIBLE . and NOT `` gourmet '' . They were stale , stiff , unflavorfull and the top layer was crunchy -LRB- it was n't supposed to be -RRB- We were able to eat about 4 of these awefull things and tossed the rest in the trash . Which means they are pretty bad since the guys will eat just about anything ... . Save your money ! buy something else!The only reason I chose 1 star , . . is becuase I 'm unable to choose less than one star .
 My word these are terrible . Do people really eat these ? Each crunchy bite is a sudden new burst of bland and disgusting . I think the only reason these things do n't go bad is because even bacteria find them unpalatable .
 Whole-wheat pasta is better for you . However , this brand , Davinci is an absolute ripoff . It is about $ 3 per box for only 12 oz . To give a perspective , one could buy 16oz boxes of whole-wheat spaghetti for $ 1 per box and it will taste just as good.One would think that the pasta is organic at this staggering price , but no it is just regular whole-wheat pasta in a small 12oz . box . This is definitely a case of not getting what you pay for !
 I love Sesame seeds and Whole Grain Rye . This is however all Wheat flour and tastes like white bread . It is also a smaller 7 oz instead of 9.8 oz.Less of an inferior product . Notice it is manufactured in Germany and not Sweden .
 SO I get this e-mail , right ? from Amazon saying this soup mix is 50 % off . Okay I love a bargain as much as anybody so I click on the bag of beans that are supposedly 50 % off and it takes me here , are you still with me ? Good!The original box o'bags O'beans is $ 36.43 and the big whopp-di-do sale price is now $ 35.79 . And that dear people is not 50 % off . That is only sixty four cents off of the original ... $ 0.64 for the love of all that is Kosher !? DO I look that stupid?That is not even the whole schmegecky ! Now postage on that grand box O'bags O'beans is $ 18.45 . SO I am thinking that Mandy Patinkin is going to deliver this box of goodies , right ? Yeah right!No thanks!Even though I was angry at the time it is still a wonderful product , it needs a few extras added to it ot make it a real meal but , the flavor is great ... Still ya got ta admit that $ 18.45 shipping for beans is steep for anyone ...
 As of July 11 , 2012 , the picture shows Green Curry Paste but the Product Title is `` Maesri Thai prik khing curry . '' I 'm confused , what product will I be purchasing on this page ?
 The oil does not have enough truffle flavor . The price is good , but I would try a more expensive oil in order to get more essence of the truffle .
 I recently purchased a Senseo . After brewing my 1st cup , I almost took it back . The Senseo coffee is awful . But , I went to my local grocery store and purchased some Yuban Columbian coffee pods . What a difference . It is pretty good - actually tastes and smells like real coffee . I ca n't say the same for the Senseo brand . I look forward to trying other brands .
 These machines are great , unfortunately the coffee used in the Douwe Egberts pods is horrible . I was going to get rid of my machine until a friend brought over some different pods . I suggest spending a little extra money and buying quality pods - the difference is markedly different . I personally buy mine from www.familyroast.com as they have a cool story but lots of people are making pods that fit this machine now . For what its worth - I hope it helps .
 I order Aloha Island Coffee all the time , even though it 's ridiculously expensive , I think it 's definitely worth it . I 've tried most of their flavors and I love them all -- until I got to this one.For some reason , the vanilla flavored coffee pods are a hit or miss . Some are delicious -LRB- like Melitta 's and Cafe One -RRB- and others are horrible -LRB- like Folgers and Senseo -RRB- . Unfortunately , this brand may be worse than Senseo French Vanilla . For one thing , it 's extremely strong and bitter . It also does n't taste like vanilla at all -- more like burnt plastic.Obviously , everyone 's taste is different , so if you really want to try it , I 'd recommend getting a variety pack with the flavor first , and then ordering the 14 pod pack , so you know for sure if you like it or not .
 Much to week ok for some one who enjoys vey mild coffee taste have to use two pods for a cup of coffee
 While I enjoy Senseo-brewed coffee generally , the breakfast blend is far too weak . I might as well be drinking hot water colored brown . I recommend that either you tell the manufacturer to make it stronger or you advise your customers to brew it in combination with a very dark blend -LRB- like espresso roast -RRB- .
 I was really happy to see this coffee for such a great price . I even got a better price using the additional Senseo coupon code.As soon as I got the pods I brewed my first cup of ... `` the weakest coffee ever except for when I forgot to add the coffee to the coffee maker . '' I was really disappointed.After reading the package I discovered I could use two pods to improve the flavor . Of course this also doubled the price making the deal not so good after all . Using two pods was a little too strong for my taste . Senseo rates the coffee as between mild and med . It was VERY , VERY mild!In all fairness to this product , I purchased these pods to use with my EZ-Cup in my Keurig . So perhaps they would make better tasting coffee in the Senseo pod coffee maker .
 This coffee blend is not worth the money .10 % Kona , but 90 % Columbian , not what I want inKona coffee .
 I bought this coffee based on the reviews that I read . This is one of the weakest coffees that I had ever tasted . I had to use two pods to taste the hazelnut and vanilla essence . I would n't recommend this to anyone . What a waste !!!!
 I had high hopes for Senseo 's expansion into the world of Kona coffee , but I was quickly disappointed . There is very little if any real Kona flavor in these pods . Again you get what you pay for with the Senseo brand coffees -LRB- however I do love my Senseo machine -RRB- .
 Interesting . I received notice that this item was no longer available to me -LRB- subscription -RRB- , but I get a `` review '' request after the subsription was cancelled by amazon . Now I have 2 Senseo units that I can no longer get pods for -LRB- I guess only from the mfg. -RRB- The cost is outrageous , and the coffee pods , although convienient , is just not that great . maybe 1 step above instant coffee ... guess I am being forced to get a Keurig after all . Gee . . Nice .
 I 'm really not a coffee snob and only drink about 1 cup or so a day but this coffee was not so great . I do not like strong coffee but found I needed to use two pods for an 8oz cup and it still had a `` watery '' taste even though the coffee in the cup was very dark and appeared rich tasting . I wish they made a reusable pod for my Hamilton Beach model # 49970 so I could grind my own coffee . I can not recommend this coffee . Very disappointed . I 'm going to try a different blend and hope for a better cup of coffee to start my day . Boo-hiss on this one !
 Well , the reviews were really good for this coffee , so I decided to buy in bulk . Big mistake . Maybe my taste is just different , but this tasted like the taste in my mouth after a night of whiskey and cigarettes . Will never buy this again .
 I wanted to try a flavored coffee pod for my Senseo machine . I purchased hazelnut and was disappointed that I could n't taste any hazelnut flavor at all ! It does n't taste bad , but it tastes just like regular coffee with no hint of hazelnut . What 's with that ?
 I ordered the pods on Monday and it is now Friday night and the status has stated that it was `` shipping soon '' since Wed so it will not let me cancel the order ! I still have no clue when this will really ship !
 Not as good quality as the regular flavors of Senseo coffees and we have had our machines for over 6 years ... Medium and Dark Roast , Kona and Breakfast blend are by far the best . Sumatra is good also if you like dark rich coffee ... Love the ease of the pod system but will probably go to the K-Cups ! Just not available enough anymore .
 I always enjoy Senseo 's coffee and have tried Breakfast Blend before . Showhow these batch I received was n't very good . Makes me think of the coffee I get from gas station ... Although fresh out but tasteless.And Amazon does n't allow return of these !
 If you are looking for a Kona blend that actually tastes like a Kona blend , pass this one by . Maybe it sat next to a bag of Kona in the warehouse , but that 's about as close as it comes.Kona is smooth , and never bitter . This stuff just tastes like an ordinary slightly bitter medium roast coffee . Wo n't be buying this again ...
 I a using these pods in my single cup coffee maker and if I could use 2 and not cause the water to overflow I would . This coffee is very weak .
 I Did n't like this coffee . I 'm used to the dark roast and this coffee is just too bland and weak for my taste .
 then this is n't for you . Horrible after bite that gives it a unique flavor that I definately do n't care for ... not to say that you will not however . If you are in search of a generic oriented flavored coffee , this is n't the one to try .
 THE COFFEE MAKER WORKS FINE . I AM NOT IMPRESSED WITH THE TASTE OF THE COFFEE . IT TASTES TOO MUCH LIKE INSTANT .
 I am a coffee snob , but someone had recommended this system to me . bought the coffee maker and the pods , and after trying it on and off for six months , gave it all away .
 I chose this rating because they quit handling this ! And could n't find any where else on line so quit using !!
 Senseo Sumatra Blend neither smells nor tastes like true Sumatra Mandheling . It tastes more like a stronger -LRB- barely -RRB- Breakfast Blend with an acidic aftertaste . This is a bland , boring , characterless coffee . In addition , the Senseo pods are very thin , with very little coffee in them , causing a very weak brew even on the 5 oz . setting . For a much better Sumatra Mandheling , stick to Java One or Molto .
 When in the hell did this coffee skyrocket it 's prices ?? Previously we had bought some for the same price as all their other flavors -LRB- around 36 bucks or so -RRB- . Now this medium roast is over 95 dollars for the same thing ?? WTF ?! This just totally stops me from ever getting this brand again.Heck , it 's cheaper in the long run to switch over to another style of coffee maker -LRB- with the small cups -RRB- and forego this . I do n't know what caused this price increase but I am willing to bet it will kill sales .
 I used to have no problem with these , until one day on an impulse I decided to give Target 's Archer Farms brand coffee pods a try -LRB- breakfast blend aka medium roast -RRB- . They cost less , are bigger , individually wrapped and produce a much smoother coffee . Now I ca n't drink Douwe Egberts anymore and am hooked on Archer Farms .
 The Senseo machine shipped with two 18-pod samples packs , light roast and medium roast . Excited about my new machine , I brewed my first cups of coffee only to be disappointed , not by the machine itself -LRB- awesome ! -RRB- , but by the quality of the coffee . The light roast was so-so , and the medium TERRIBLE . I quickly ordered the dark to compare , and can now HIGHLY recommend the dark roast over the other two options . The dark also works the best in espresso-like brewing mode , using two-pods with the 1-cup setting . It 's still not the best coffee out there , and I 'm looking forward to comparing with the upcoming podhead.com pods .
 The expiration date was too soon . The package comes with 4 bags , 16 pods in each bag ; 64 pods altogether . The expiration date was 5 weeks away . Do the math ... I have to use 2 pods per day in order to use it all before it expires . I do n't necessarily want to have the same flavor coffee twice a day for the next 5 weeks .
 Senseo Douwe Egberts Medium Roast CoffeePlease check your records . I have never received this merchandise . I have already written to Amazon requesting a reimbursement . Thank you .
 Great product but a lousy price . The grocery store has the same product for $ 4.25 compared to $ 5 here .
 These machines are great , unfortunately the coffee used in the Douwe Egberts pods is horrible . I was going to get rid of my machine until a friend brought over some different pods . I suggest spending a little extra money and buying quality pods - the difference is markedly different . I personally buy mine from www.familyroast.com as they have a cool story but lots of people are making pods that fit this machine now . For what its worth - I hope it helps .
 Recently I ended up trying out the Senseo system , and I tried it with the Douwe Egberts medium roast pods . Normally I drink cold-brewed Toddy coffee , and even though I 'm sensitive to bitterness and acid levels in coffee , I can drink that with just dairy , no sugar . I immediately needed quite a bit of sugar for this coffee -- and then I had to start drinking half my usual amount of coffee . It was so bitter I almost could n't drink it . It was so acidic it made my stomach hurt . And it was so caffeinated I got the shakes that first time.The problem was , I had no idea if this was a result of the Senseo process -LRB- the Toddy 's cold-brew method does result in a less bitter , less acidic , less caffeinated coffee than normal -RRB- or the coffee brand . So , I ordered the EcoPad refillable pods -LRB- 2 to a pack , very inexpensive -RRB- and tried it with the same coffee I use with the Toddy . It tasted slightly weak , oddly ; however , it was enough for me to realize that the main problem was the Douwe Egberts coffee . If you really love the harsher Starbucks types of coffees , which I do n't , I think you 'll enjoy it . But if you have acid stomach problems or just do n't like bitter coffee , I do not recommend using DE medium roast coffee pods with your Senseo .
 I bought these pods on Amazon because they were a dollar cheaper than at the local grocery store . Now I know why . When I opened the package the Senseo Watermark was faint or hardly visable and it took me 3x the amount of pods to make a decent cup of coffee . Buyer beware , I am back to buying pods at the grocery store .
 I am completely disappointed in this product . Got the machine at a second hand store to try it out . Let 's make it short and say save your money . The senseo pods are stale right out of the package . I have been drinking coffee for a long time and know that it will taste as good as it smells out of the package . SO if you smell dry cereal or grain instead of rich sweet coffee before you brew it , you know what you 're in store for .
 As much as I have enjoyed senseo coffee pods the last 10 years ... the hazelnut was not as strongly flavored as I had hoped for ... I was looking for the cappucino -LRB- which they still sell in Europe -RRB- ... ray
 Only received one bag instead of 4 - I feel this was intentionally deceptive . It is complete rip off - Do n't fall for it
 I love this coffe but recieved it with an expired date , called customer service they sent it out again , and again it was expired .
 We had been buying Onno Behrends teas for some time thenafter the last purchase we noticed that there was noexpiration date on the package . We contacted Amazonthey sent us new ones , but still no expiration date.We contacted them again , they contacted the importerand said that they wo n't be able to provide expirationdate for the teas.We consume a lot of tea and buy from all over the world.This was the first time we came across a packaged tea withno expiration date and these teas are produced in Germany.So , buyers be aware these teas might have been producedwho knows when ? They may even be antique !
 I love Rose Hips tea . It is my favorite herbal tea to drink . I was so excited to get this brand of Rose Hips tea because of all the glowing reviews . I opened up the package and looked at the box of tea and saw that it also contained Hibiscus Flowers !!! I love Traditional Medicinals Rose Hip tea because it is just Rose Hips and nothing else . I made a cup of this new tea and was not impressed . I steeped it for 10 minutes , then added lemon and Agave just like I do with my other teas . There was hardly any taste ! With my other Rose Hips tea , the flavor is strong . I think it is the Hibiscus flowers that change the flavor . I am upset that I paid this much for tea that I doubt I will use . In the future I will stick with the brands that I know and love .
 I entered a give away program and received a free Senseo coffee maker . It came with mild roast coffee which was just horrible . Since I love a good , strong coffee and drink it black , I ordered the Senseo dark roast pods . I do not understand what other reviewers are raving about . I am disappointed in the flavor of this coffee . I will stick with my locally sold coffee and my coffee press .
 These machines are great , unfortunately the coffee used in the Douwe Egberts pods is horrible . I was going to get rid of my machine until a friend brought over some different pods . I suggest spending a little extra money and buying quality pods - the difference is markedly different . I personally buy mine from www.familyroast.com as they have a cool story but lots of people are making pods that fit this machine now . For what its worth - I hope it helps .
 This coffee is just not strong enough and is way to bland . Do yourself a favor and get some better pods . In my experience , I have found Gourmet Cafe makes some of the best pods for the senseo pod machine .
 This coffee is really pretty terrible . If you like your coffee from one of those bus stop machines where they give you a little paper cup with playing cards on them and pour weak dishwater colored coffee , this is the stuff for you . I bought them to use with my Senseo and discovered that even in ` espresso ' mode -LRB- 2 pods , one cup -RRB- , it was barely drinkable.Much better off buying some Ecopads and grinding your own -- it is cheaper and far better !
 Maybe it is just my personal taste , but I have tried close to all of the Senseo pod flavors and this is the only one I regret buying . I generally like dark coffee , such as Yuban . However , I will never purchase this flavor for my Senseo again .
 The Hamilton Beach Single cup machine works great , as advertised . Unfortunately , the Senseo Coffee Pods taste like average cheap diner coffee . The coffee tastes stale and old , only gets worse since there are 18 pods in a bag . Everytime the bag is opened and is exposed to air , it makes the next cup taste even more stale.With that said , I love the concept and especially the price of the machine so I will continue to use it and try the re-usable filter with a better coffee .
 The senseo rocks , I love the coffee it makes , but this coffee is bad . The DE pods make good crema but the coffee is a lot like instant . The dark is especially bad when making two cups at a time . Make two four ounce cups if you want a large cup . Other pods do fit in the Senseo including Archer farms and others available online . I would n't go making your own pods but definitely try some other brands . If you do insist on sticking with DE , do your best to keep them fresh . Put them in an airtight container or bag , and put any extra in a non-funky freezer .
 The coffee is very weak . I tried 8 & 6 oz of water , and the coffee still tastes like water . I would not recommend the Senseo Dark Roast .
 Yuck.This coffee tastes terrible . It does not compete in the same league with any other dark roast coffees I 've had and I will never order it again . In fact , it makes me sorry I bought a Senseo .
 My son said the coffee did n't taste as good/strong as it usually did . In fact , it tasted weak . When I looked at the pods , I realized the pods must 've been old , as the newer ones have the word `` Senseo '' printed right on each pod . These did n't . Which is really disappointing as they 're not cheap and I now have alot of them .
 The web site says delivers in 24 hours . I have been waiting 7 days , the product has yet to ship and because it is in Amazon 's `` shipping soon '' designation , it is impossible to cancel the order . The current estimate is that I will receive my order in 23 days for a product that is in stock and ships in 24 hours . Today I received a notification of a problem with my order but there is no information as to what the problem is.Very dishonest merchant .
 This was not what I expected at all . The coffee could n't be used in a standard coffee maker
 Dark roast coffee is too mild , capuccino is lausiest thing I tested in years . On the plus side the machine works great !
 I 'm not seeing any difference with the pricing of this product . I would like to see an incentive for me to buy again . Everyone I know is looking to ditch the senseo because the coffee is way too expensive . I will keep looking for a better price . Thank you for asking my opinion . Sincerely Josephine D arroyo RiveraP.S the coffee is good but too expensive
 Who 's the nut that thinks someone is stupid enough to buy this coffee at such elevated prices?you should be ashamed of yourself .
 the tea seemed fine but the fragrance oils were too strong for my taste . i could not taste the tea . they need to be more subtle with a green tea . too bad because i am really looking for a good one to replicate the one i usually drink from france which i can not get any longer .
 Sweet , but little fruit flavor . Bargain supermarket brands have more flavor . I will not be buying this product again . I will not be buying this product again .
 I bought a couple of six packs of these noodles along with some of their other noodles.I kept them for some time and discovered insects in a pakage when I opened it the other day . This was a sealed box with a sealed plastic package inside so the insects had to come from the factory . I can only assume there are unsanitary conditions in their factory.I contacted the company but received on reply . I am disposing of the products and would never buy products form this company .
 Sounded good by some reviews and description . Ordered a case . Opened one can and tried to eat . I could n't eat it . I like really spicy food and I do like rich food . This was very bland , other than the over the top hot spices . I did n't want to throw it away , so I have 11 out of 12 cans stored in my garage which will either go to charity or I sell or give away at my next garage sale ...
 Would love to try this product , but as is so often the case with Amazon items , there is no nutritional information available.Why is this not addressed ?
 I was very disappointed in this product . I love Miso soup and the packaging on this was very enticing . But rather than Miso Soup , this should be called Green Onion Soup.The noodles are OK and if you like a VERY strong green onion flavor - this would be a good choice . Just do n't make this selection expecting a strong Miso flavor .
 I ordered this with hope of having a decent MISO soup in a bowl but the taste is not there it is very bland and dose not have any flavor you would expect from a tradition MISO . If your looking for something similar to a restaurant style or flavor avoid this product . Additionally the plastic bowls these items ship in crack and break apart easily .
 Annie Chun 's noodle bowls are downright nasty ! The noodles are way too gummy . They should have used dry noodles that soften up when in hot water . The texture would end up much better.I like Miso soup , and bought three of these , and four other `` flavors '' , because I like the foods that are pictured on the packages , but none of them taste anything like what I have eaten in the past . They 're all just nasty tasting ! The miso does n't taste anything like miso soup . I was SO dissapointed!I wanted my kids to try these yummy `` looking '' kinds of foods because they have tried and liked sushi , but I wo n't ask them to try these . I KNOW they wo n't like them.Just disgusting !!
 Tried the Miso today . Disgusting . I like Miso but this mess was very sour and smelly . Unfortunately I bought 2 of these and now have to find an unsuspecting victim to dump the other one
 I bought one at Trader Joe 's to try out this brand especially the picture on the front label looking so delish and tempting ... I get home and try this soup out and thought it just tasted awful ! I like miso soup btw but this just did n't cut it . It just tasted so bland , pictures can be so deceiving : -LRB-
 This is pretty much gross for the most part . Here are the pros , and cons about this itemPros - Looks nice on the outside -LRB- Possibly this is the only reason I bought it -RRB- - Noodles looked tasty-Healthy , low sodiumCons-The noodles tasted very bland . Almost as if you were eating paper . I 'm not sure if that the way the product was originally intended like that but either way I did n't like the taste . There had to have been some way to season the noodles to unleash their potential.-No tofu-Very low on see weed , that green leaf stuffIn the end I do n't recommend it all . It wo n't fill you up , it will leave you feeling like you did n't eat anything at all . And it is somewhat overprices . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The product packaging and assembly are pretty well done , but the soup itself tastes really bad . I 've had miso at restaurants and this does n't even resemble it .
 Just tried the miso soup for my lunch at work.Packaging
 I do n't understand these good reviews . -LRB- Its like these reviewers never had real miso soup before . -RRB- I had the opposite feeling about this product . I followed the instructions closely and it had all the ingredients of miso soup , but it still did n't taste like miso soup ! It looked like it -LRB- minus the dried tofu -RRB- but it tasted like nasty water . As I was drinking it , I kept wondering `` why am I eating this ? Why am I filling myself with this ? I should n't be putting junk down my stomach . '' I should have punched myself for feeling obligated to finish it all . Fortunately , I ended up dumping it down the drain.If you want real miso soup , go to a Japanese restaurant . If you want something that does n't taste like miso and is watered down , buy this product .
 I do n't why but I was at Trader Joe 's and got five of these soups . I just tried the last one , the Phad Thai . I have tried five times now and there is NO WAY that the picture on the box is the actual soup . I get pasty uncooked noodles in a very watery bland broth . The picture on the cover is marked , yes , `` serving suggestion '' , but does that mean I have to make my own sauce that actually sticks to the noodles like a glaze , as seen in the picture ? What we get is just noodles floating in hobo soup . Gross . I 've eaten other lunch stuff like Trader Ming 's Peanut Satay and noodles and NOW THAT is awesome and restaurant quality.Not sure who is buying Annie Chun 's soups . Its misleading .
 I was looking for miso soup and just bought this bowl in supermarket for comparison with instant miso soup in packages . I do n't like the bowl soup at all . I 'd say it 's not miso soup but plain noodle soup and noodle tastes not very pleasant . There is no miso taste and preparation takes too long . Instant miso in packages tastes great and there is no way I change my preference . BTW the best bet on instant miso packages I found is my local Trader Joe 's Instant Miso Soup . The box contains 4 packets , each packet yield 2 cups soup , so it produces 8 cups soup for just about $ 5 with great miso taste . Even Amazon can not beat that deal .
 I 've never had miso soup but I highly doubt this is what it 's suppose to taste like . It tastes like hot toilet water . Seriously . It 's bland , no flavor at all , not even salty , just totally unsatisfying . I liked the noodles though but not even noodles can save this soup . I even added less water like reviews suggested and it did n't help at all . I 've also tried Annie 's Udon soup and it 's gross as well . I wo n't be trying anymore of Annie 's soups , they seem to all have a similar flavor that is just bland and disgusting .
 I liked everything about the product except the taste . The maker obviously put a lot of work into the noodles , packaging and organic nature of the product . More green onions and fewer noodles would help . Very flat taste .
 I love me some miso soup.A good miso soup is a subtle combination of flavors -LRB- onion , broth , tofu , seaweed -RRB- , but all I could taste when eating this product was the plastic bag the noodles came in . -LRB- And yes , I did remove the packaging before consuming the soup -RRB- I had low expectations for this soup and it managed to fall very short of them . Fortunately , a few dashes of soy , squirts of Sriracha , and squeezes of lime allowed me to pinch my nose and pour the stuff down my throat.So , if you hate miso soup , and have a hankerin ' for a plasticky aftertaste , Annie Chun 's Miso Soup Bowl might just be your ticket to paradise .
 I really like miso soup , so I was excited about this quick meal that I could bring to work for lunch . I brought it today , so now I am hungry because I did n't eat lunch . This stuff is disgusting , and it tastes nothing at all like miso soup . The pieces of seaweed are like swallowing pieces of paper and the pieces of tofu are like eating a sponge . If you like miso soup at all , do not buy this because you will be hungry too .
 I wanted to try out Annie Chun 's soup after seeing it so much at friends houses and in the stores . So I decided upon shopping one day to pick up a bowl of their Miso Soup . Overall I find the soup quite bland and the noodles quite nicely cooked in the end but quite rubbery . Following the directions you loosen up the noodles with a cup of hot water , and the only downside is they tend to break up into pieces and tear apart instead of loosening up . As far as the broth goes , surprisingly it was nice but it tastes and smells much like cheaper brands.Overall My ScalesTaste
 I 'd love to tell you about this soup , but most of the noodles slipped right past the flimsy lid while draining . I 'm sure it can be done if I hold the lid at the very end , but that 's where the hot water comes out . If the manufacturer ca n't bother to make a usable package , I ca n't bother with the product . Too bad there is no ' 0 ' option .
 The broth in the Udon soup was somewhat bland , but it was just a tad spicy which was nice . At least it was n't too salty.This particular bowl had more freeze-dried veggies in it than the bowl of Hot and Sour soup that I tried the other day , and these veggies were at least identifiable once they reconstituted . However , they still tasted yukky , had that freeze-dried flavor to them and did not soften up that well . The finished soup does n't look anything like the picture on the front of the package as far as the veggies are concerned.Also , I could n't get 2 of the 3 ingredient packages -LRB- noodles , soup base , veggies -RRB- opened without using scissors . Maybe the problem was isolated to just these particular packages , but that could pose a problem for someone at work without access to a sharp knife or scissors to get the things open.I paid $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for this bowl and do not think it was worth it . Buying this from amazon would certainly be cheaper . Personally , I would not buy this particular flavor of soup again.One good thing , the bowl itself is biodegradable which is a nice feature .
 my biggest complain is the amount of noodle is really really small , I should eat at least 5 bowls of this noodle to make me feel not hungry , and I am absoultely not a big man . The taste of noodle is ok , not excellent . I would not buy the noodle again if the price is any amount more than $ 1/per pack .
 This is OK if you are in a super hurry and have no other options . But , the taste of the flour in the noodles is kind of odd and it is a rather small portion . If you spice it up with garlic and ginger , it is not half bad .
 This is just ok for me . Too many noodles for my taste.Taste bland too me .
 The broth is really bland and has no taste . Its one of the worst broths I have ever tasted . The noodles themselves are decent . Not the best noodles but not the worst so it gets 2 stars instead of 1 . Maybe I just needed to add lots of garlic and spices like some other reviewers stated but right out of the box , this is just not very good .
 It 's the worst soup ever ! and super expensive.I do n't understand how someone like this carton tasteless noodles , I do n't buy it again and want my money back .
 Annie Chun 's packaging problem , not Amazon 's ! ... Unlike most other Chun products , Udon Noodle Soup Bowls are NOT plastic shrink-wrapped . In my case order , two bowls are ruined because liquid soup base packages ruptured ; the dark liquid contents leaked out onto all other bowls.Frustrating waste ... and a sloppy mess!Will not reorder this product .
 I have eaten countless udon bowls in my day , and this is definitely one of the worst I have ever tasted . It is bland , and the freeze dried ingredients taste horrible . The noodles are the only half decent ingredient , but I would say that it 's pretty difficult to get these wrong.As a regular Asian food eater , I say stay away from this product ! It will disappoint .
 I found it to be too watery . Did n't taste like anything . I was hoping for an authentic , at least flavored taste but it ended up tasting like nothing .
 I have been getting this soup at a local store and really enjoy the flavor . When I saw this on line with the better price I ordered immediately.Guess there was a reason it was on line , when I opened the packet of noodles they began to fall apart into small pieces . When reconstituted in hot water they turned into a thick gelatinous mess that fell apart when I tried to eat it.I tried to return or order a replacement and was told through the web I could not do this with food items , even if unopened . I can understand that , however there must be a recourse for products that are not usable as described or sold.Now I have 5 bowls of this I have to throw out . Would have been better to have gotten at a higher price locally .
 I have absolutely no idea why anyone would enjoy eating noodles that taste like vinegar flavored play-doh , but I do not . I am kind of shocked at how bad this and the `` Teriyaki '' noodle bowl are . Such sour , disgusting noodles ... I could n't even bring myself to eat them , despite being extremely hungry both times that I attempted it . Seriously , I prefer the flavor and texture of those cheap instant Ramen noodle cups over this gross crap , any day - and the price difference is huge .
 I 'm astounded how much praise Annie Chun keeps getting for her noodles . When I see people practically orgasming at how wonderful they are , this tells me they do n't have much experience with this type of product.Don ' t get me wrong -- her noodles are n't the worst thing I 've ever had -LRB- except this one horrible exception ! -RRB- , but there are better tasting noodles for literally half of what her noodles cost . For example , Myojo Udon puts out these delectable packets -LRB- seeMyojo Udon Japanese Style Noodles with Soup Base , Chicken Flavor , 7.22-Ounce Bag -LRB- Pack of 15 -RRB- -RRB- that can be had for about a dollar and they are way more flavorful than this particular bowl . -LRB- Do n't buy them from Amazon , though , get them at your local Asian grocer 's or trusty online retailer -RRB- . Of course , the Myojo Udon type noodles are n't as `` easy '' to prepare as Annie Chun bowls -LRB- you ca n't really nuke them in a microwave ; you have to boil them , then add a flavor packet -RRB- . But in the end , the taste is worth the extra hassle . I would sooner take a one dollar pack of flavorful udon noodles that took 5-6 minutes to prepare on a stovetop over a watered down version that took 3 minutes in a microwave .
 I ca n't imagine anyone growing up with even a little bit of asian food to give these awful products more than a star , and that 's overrating it . Why are people rating it low sodium ? It only tastes low sodium , but the miso has almost 1,000 mgs of it . Instead of any umami or brothy flavor at all there 's an annoying watery lemony taste in annie chuns bowls , so off the ethnic mark it 's laughable . This is my very first amazon product rating despite being a regular shopper here because it is so awful I had to see what people were saying about it . What 's with that silly extra step of rinsing the noodles in hot water first ?? Makes me feel like I 'm being led to wash off some kind of residue . I 'm truly shocked at how this product got to market , but there are enough people out there who never had ... experience in asian food , Or good eating for that matter , or are really really clueless , as proven with low sodium talk . This product single handedly made me lose faith in the integrity of reviews . Amazing . Buy it just to get the same shock
 This product is overrated . It had one piece of tofu ! The white noodles have no nutritionalvalue . It is not worth $ 1.99 at Trader Joes ! Try Progresso Lite !
 I am totally astounded at the good reviews this got . This was the worst Udon soup I 've ever had . The noodles were fine but the broth was VERY bad and the `` toppings '' were horrible . The toppings consisted of dried green things -LRB- and I think an almond slice -RRB- that NEVER reconsituted . Terrible texture and terrible taste . For $ 3.00 I can get a good take-out with 4x the noodles . On the other hand , thank goodness there was n't much to this !
 ANNIE CHUNG PRODUCTS ARE HORRID . GROSSLY STICKY , TOO SALTY , NOT AS PICTURED OR DESCRIBED , NO VEGETABLES . I WOULD N'T EAT THIS CRAP IF I WERE STARVING
 I 'm surprised by the good reviews for this product ; this is the worst instant soup mix I have ever had . I am including such awful foods as ramen and lipton instant soup.The broth is completely flavorless and could n't be saved even with the addition of siracha . The noodles have a weird taste to them , although I would not be offended by the gummy quality , the overall effect is disgusting $ 3 instant soup.Stick to top ramen !
 If you are on a no sodium and no flavor , this will be a perfect fit !
 Just had to put in my 2 cents ... this was horrible , my 2 year old who eats anything would n't touch it , neither did my husband who usually loves anything noodles . Flavor was instantly horrible , and everyone who tried it , spit it out .
 received the item and the top was also loose as was on the rose water I ordered . The bottle leaked all over the packing and label was soaked ... . very POOR quality control . this is two items I have recieved with the tops open ... will never order from them again ...
 Buckwheat is one of the last of the listed ingredients and they are somewhat pasty as a result , not nutty as you would expect . They were the least expensive , but if you like the taste of soba , you 're better off to get ones that have more buckwheat .
 I have not received this item -- it has been some time since it was orderedand PAID FOR -- I will expect to have my money returned and if it is not , the Better Business Bureau will receive a letter from me.Also , remove my name from your list.A very unhappy customer.Sando Cosenza
 Total disaster . I ordered two boxes of Land O ' Lakes creamers and both boxes contained many erupted creamers . Since I live at an APO address , it was not worth the postage to send the creamers back . I ended up washing the survivors in a strainer and used them . I guess you can imaging the foul smell . Poor packaging .
 The item for sale is advertised as Land O ' Lakes Traditional Half n ' Half Creamers , and I recieved Land O ' Lakes Mini Moos with the experation of less than 2 months . I actually paid a little more to order from this company to avoid getting mini moos . The Traditional is says it has no preservatives and needs no refrigeration because it 's Ultra-pasteurized . The Mini Moos contain
 The product arrived several days after the date I had been told it would arrive . The outer packing box was damaged . The inner box , the Mini Moos box looked as though it had been opened and taped back shut with clear packing tape . When looking in the box , it was obvious that several of the Mini Moos has had been opened , or broke in transit as the inside of the box was sticky and rather messy . The count on the box read 188 but in reality there were only 160 and that was including the empty containers . While checking it out , we also discovered the sell by date was more than three months ago.he inner box with the product looked as though it had been opened , the sell by date had already passed and many of the Mini Moos had either been opened or broke open in transit and spilled all over the box . Although we like Land-o-Lakes products this was a disappointing mess .
 I give this product 2 stars because the taste is really good , and the ingredients are natural and I did not have an allergic reaction.But this product is really hard . Nearly impossible to chew . I almost choked on it a few times before giving up . I 'll have to throw the whole case away - I ca n't eat them . I even tried microwaving the laces for about 20 seconds , which helped , but as soon as they cooled down they went hard again.My advice is to stick with the vines or the bites , the bites being the softest of all . I am off to order a case of raspberry bites ...
 I can not write my review about harina pan I oredered on this Aug from japan , the sellar Oberito is worst 1 sellar in my buying experiences , please take Oberito off from amazon , be carefle this sellar now maybe imitate their sellar name from Oberito . Amazon should trace or check their IP address , bank account , etc , or inform to Police .
 Usually I get everything I order from Amazon in timely manner and in good quality . This item was debited from my account , but I never received it . Now I am in the midst of a `` WHERE 'S MY STUFF '' situation . So sad .
 Is been OVER 2 months and I still have not received the shipment , no answer form Amazon to my numerous requests
 Never thought I would see people actually buying simple syrup . They 're paying $ 7 for sugar water.For $ 7 you can go out and buy yourself 15 + pounds of sugar and get water for free out of the tap and have all you 'll ever need . Pour two parts water in a pot for every one part granulated sugar . Turn the pot on medium and stir until the sugar is dissolved , which takes maybe a few minutes if you 're making a large batch . Wait for it to cool , then pour it into the container of your choice . It keeps indefinitely in the refrigerator as long as it is tightly capped .
 Not good . Very little chokecherry taste . Mostly sugar . I 've had much better . Now I 'm afraid to try the syrup or any other jelly .
 This was so sweet , that you could n't taste the crab apple . Very disappointed . I was hoping for the tartness of the crab apple that I remember from my childhood .
 I do not recommend this product . I wanted it for adding an orange flavor to sugar cookies . It added little flavor when three tablespoons were used in a batch of cookies . It was very disappointing .
 Product is very good and I have been using it for years - I used to buy it Williams Sonoma which no longer carries it . I bought it at this site though I thought it was a bit expensive . Later a friend suggested to check at Sur La Table - sure enough the same size bottle costs $ 6.95 , less than half the price paid on Amazon .
 The noodle does n't have the regular real noodle texture . The flavor is very fake . It kind of tastes like sesame and peanut but it kind of does n't . It has a very odd taste .
 I previously read submitted reviews , and I should have listened . Especially to the one that stated he did n't get the organic product shown in the picture . I too did not get the organic product . I have seen it in the stores , and it has a much lower sodium content per serving . I have n't been able to find it in a while so I thought I would buy it through Amazon.The product was the old stuff with an expiration date of 6 months from now . Usually the product in the store carries and expiration date of a year , so that tells you something right away.The noodles are okay . My family is not that particular , so it 's a good side dish on ocassion . If you are an expert on peanut noodles , this dish is not for you . It 's slightly gummy and thick .
 this is the worst coffee i have ever had . all you get is literally warm water . my secretary and i both tried it , then dumped the cups and the pot . it tasted like warm diluted milk , sans coffee .
 I wanted to love this coffee . I wanted to want to drink it all day long . But , it 's not meant to be.The raspberry flavor is incredibly cloying -- so strong that the actual taste of coffee is lost . I almost always have to cut this coffee with a plain coffee -LRB- I use about an 8th of this coffee to non-flavored coffee to just get a hint of raspberry and chocolate -RRB- . If you love raspberry flavor -LRB- which I do -RRB- , just be warned that this may be too powerful even for the staunchest raspberry connoisseur . Exercise caution -- or at least just buy 1 bag at first , instead of 4 -LRB- like me -RRB- .
 Poor flavor and has a strange almost chemical taste from something . Forced myself through one bag because of the cost but threw the other two bags away . Will never buy again .
 I was optimistic about the flavor , based on the yummy soy sauce and sesame aroma coming from the finished product . But the taste ... oh man , the taste . It tasted like pure vinegar . The sauce was SO SOUR . The acidity overpowered any soy or sesame flavor by a long shot . The only thing I can think is that in order to compensate for the dish being lower sodium than most noodle bowl type things , they tried to ramp up the flavor with acidic ingredients . A touch of acidity does help bring out the flavor when you reduce the salt , but this was WAY too much .
 I 've had these noodles many , many times . From grocery stores , and even a small convenience store on my college campus . They are always SUPERB - some of the best microwavable cuisine I 've eaten . The noodles are soft , the sauce is like a syrup , and the flavor is just unbelievable.Not from amazon . I purchased these noodles with high hopes . I 've ordered food items before from Amazon and NEVER have they arrived to my satisfaction or expectations . With these , I figured - `` Hey , how could they possibly screw up vacuum sealed microwavable noodles ? '' I still could n't tell you how , but it definitely happened.The noodles were clumpy , and broke even after microwaving , even if a small bit of water was added - nothing . There was no life to them , and when your noodles are off - it 's tough to enjoy a noodle dish . If that had been the end of it , though , I still would have tolerated the rest of my 6-pack , if vowing to never order them from Amazon again . But no , somehow the SAUCE managed to be terrible in this product ! Rather than the viscous syrup-texture of the store-bought Annie Chun 's , the packet included in this item was watery with clumps . The sauce itself was watery , yet the `` clumps '' were all the more noticable for lack of syrup around them . These `` clumps '' that do not exist in the grocery-store version refused to leave the packet without me opening it up and adding water , swirling , and then dumping out whatever one would call the ungodly mixture I had at that point.Even still - I had hope for the finished product . Surely Annie will pull through for me , regardless of where I got this particular package from ! No . What emerged from my microwave took me by complete surprise . In sharp contrast to the delicious noodles resulting from the store-bought Annie Chun 's was what can only be described as a disaster . The noodles , already rubbery rather than soft - dried and shriveled over their 60 seconds in the microwave . The sauce , rather than permeating through the noodles as it usually does - had slipped past and collected in a small pool at the bottom of the container . Vegetable chunks and the mysterious `` clumps '' shriveled and died as well , without the sauce buoying their transformation from freeze-dried to fresh.Three trials later , modifying this and that part of the instructions
 Do n't waste a cent on these . They taste nothing like chow mein . I feel ripped off -- literally , like I 've been scammed . There should be fines for companies that make such awful products .
 Echoing what some of the other reviewers mentioned , the sauce with this product has a very strong vinger taste/smell . I used less than half of the sauce packet and it still felt that way . The noodles themselves were OK , however without a good sauce to go with them , its really a moot point . I do n't recommend this product .
 I 've had chow mein before and this is not it . The noodles are Ok although they have a weird texture but like another reviewer said , you have to heat them up first because they 're packed together pretty tight . Even after I microwaved according to the package directions , I still had a hard time breaking the noodles up to get everything mixed together . The worst part is the sauce . It tasted like watered down soy sauce and there was a very unpleasant tangy after taste . Yuck ! I 'm not sure who taste tested these but they need to go back to the drawing board . You can find a much tastier meal than this for 320 calories .
 I tried this today and it was not edible . Way too sweet , strong soy sauce taste , just nasty . I would not try this if I were you !
 I have had the Annie Chun 's Noodle Bowls before -LRB- the bowls , not the trays that the Noodle Express line uses -RRB- and like those a lot . For those , you actually add water and steam the fresh packed noodles , then drain them before you add the sauce . When I read the microwave instructions for this particular product , I almost thought they messed up and left out the part of adding water to the noodles ! But since I had never had these before , I decided to just follow the directions and see how it turned out . Well , it turned out bad , heh . The noodles are n't really conducive to breaking apart * before * microwaving them -LRB- unless you like your noodles in tiny little pieces -RRB- , and it 's almost impossible to evenly distribute the sauce on the noodles before microwaving , so half the noodles were dry and packed together , whereas the other half had a good texture , but were completely saturated in the sauce -LRB- which was a little strong for my taste anyways -RRB- . Plus , the dried vegetables from the little packet did n't get reconstituted so they were almost too hard to chew . I happened to buy 2 of these products at the same time , so I 'm going to try steaming the noodles with water when I have the next one ... otherwise , I would never give these another chance ! *** Edited to add - June 8 , 2009 *** I tried steaming the noodles and veggie packet -LRB- added warm water to about 1/3 of the way up the tray , microwaved for 1 min -RRB- , drained the noodles , added the sauce packet then nuked for another 30 seconds and it came out immensely better . The sauce flavor is still a bit intense -LRB- I tried the Teryaki version this time -RRB- but all-in-all , the product is better than I first thought . If only they would put the correct cooking directions on the box !!
 I bought a couple of these at Whole Foods , could n't finish the first one , and threw away the second . They do not even resemble food . Ramen kicks their butt . Absolutely disgusting . Ew . Gross . Do n't waste your money the way I did !
 How badly can someone mess up teriyaki flavoring ? This noodle bowl is the least edible thing I 've ever tasted . I 'd compare the taste to Vegemite/Marmite and those Halloween blood capsules , and the smell to a burnt capacitor . After one bite I went outside to throw it out , I did n't want it stinking up my indoor garbage can . I have never been compelled to call a ` satisfaction guaranteed ' hotline , but if Annie Chun 's had one I 'd be on the phone right now . After this disaster I nuked a Annie Chun 's Spicy Szechuan which was a huge improvement , actually edible .
 I bought this thinking it would be much much better than your average instant ramen noodle . This was expensive ! VERY expensive for what it is and it is not worth even half what I paid , I 'm serious when I say this
 They must have changed this product since previous reviewers said it was good
 I could n't stand this coffee . It smells like the old ` scratch and sniff ' chocolate from the books in the 70 's ! It leaves a horrible aftertaste that is very chemically . I 'm stuck with 4 bags , but do n't know anybody I dislike enough to try to pawn this coffee off on them-yuck !!!
 The only reason I am giving this item 1 star is because it was inexpensive and shipped for free . I really do not know how the topping can be called caramel . To me it is just some nasty brown funny tasting topping . The rest of the bar definitely reminds me of some of the healthy snacks that came out in the early 90 's . Not much taste and very dry .
 This jelly was way too sweet !! I was hoping for the tartness -LRB- and sweetness -RRB- of the crab apple jelly/jam that I remember from my childhood . This just tastes like sugar . Very disappointing !!
 I buy my lemonade koolaid for 10 cents a package locally . 72 of them is $ 7.20 . Can you bring us a better price on this ?
 in this coffee . I think this is hands down the most dissappointed I have been with this brand of coffee.When opening the package you get a strong sweet smell , like a cigar . I did n't notice any cinnamon at all . This being my favorite brand , I decided to give it a chance and see what happened after brewing , it tastes just like it smells ... I found no expiration date on the box , so perhaps it was expired . I would n't recommend this flavor to anyone .
 noodle smells and break into very very small pieces!the sauce is very semlls too and sour ! Nothing like what they say on the package!That is not curry in any kind!Not Japan curry or India Curry or any kind of curry I ever taste it!Bad Bad Bad product!BTW , 3 out of 6 bowl or dent !
 Seller states the Ingredients as
 I bought this product because it stated under product description `` no need for straining '' . They lied ! it is not strained at all . Amazon had to refund me . Beware . This item must be strained ! I would give zero stars if I could !
 I 'm a big fan of the Mocha Cappaccino , in fact I 'm addicted . I thought I 'd try a different flavor this time around and it was a big mistake . I do not recommend Cinnamon Mocha Cappuccino !
 Does n't anyone know how to make fennal sausage ! These were insipid , plus you have to buy 6lbs . worth -- definately not worth it .
 Disappointing . Bland , with a bitter , burnt aftertaste . I was looking for something to replace the ridiculously-priced Maxwell House sugar-free suisse mocha international coffee but this ai n't it -- too bad.Laura L , El Cerrito , CA
 This coffee is so bitter . I have used 6 packets of sweetener and it is still bitter . It so smells good but the taste is what really counts .
 This product does very little to make a nice cup of coffee . It adds almost no taste . Compares poorly to similar products
 I purchased this product because I am diabetic and am always looking for new sugar free items to try . I just wanted to let everyone know that I do not like your product at all . I hate it that I spent that much money for something that I just had to throw in the trash . I have bought General Foods International swiss mocha and love it . Guess I 'll have to go back to drinking it .
 -LRB- 09/08/09 -RRB- I really enjoy the regular sugar-type Caffe D'Vita , but I wanted to try the sugar-free version to reduce calories . It looks extra creamy in the cup , but my girlfriend and I were both very disappointed with the flavor . She would n't even finish her first cup . I got mine down , but did n't enjoy it . It just tastes bad -- almost bitter . I wasted the money to buy a whole 6-pack of cans , and now I 'm going to take it to work to put in the break room ; maybe others will find it tolerable if it 's free . -LRB- Update
 I usually drink the regular Caffe D `` Vita but I am on a low carb diet with no sugar so I thought I would try the sugar free . I could n't find it in the stores so I bought a six pack can through the internet . It has absolutly no taste . Now I am stuck with six cans of sugar free Caffe D '' Vita and do n't know what to do with them . I would not buy this product again .
 Very Disappointed in this.So much so , that I was inspired to write my first review.This products labeling is just wrong :1 -RRB- I called the company stating any cocoa has caffeine , so it can not be 99 % caffeine free.They said it has 30 mg CAFFEINE per 2 tsp . serving which is too little for a good flavor .2 -RRB- IT TAKES MORE than 2 tsp . per serving or tastes very watered down & not creamy . II required 2 TBSP for 12 oz . water3 -RRB- IT WAS N'T SWEET at all , just enough to cut the bitter - I assume.So I preferred adding a regular amount of Stevia for a better taste.I suggest anyone give Hills Bros Sugar free french vanilla cappuccino a try.Besides tasting great , you 'll only get 30mg max . of caffeine for a satisfying 12 oz . serving.Bon Appetit
 I should have listened to the negative reviews for this product . I am diabetic and was hoping for a pleasing cappuccino for a treat . Taste is absolutely horrible . So sorry I ordered a case of this . I 'll never use it .
 I was really disappointed with this product . Was looking for something to keep at my desk at work . It is bitter as well as lacking in flavor . I use products with artificial sweetner all the time so it is not like I 'm missing the sugar . Do n't know why this stuff tastes so bad . Sugar free hot cocoa tastes great so not sure what went wrong here . Anyway here is my recipe ... take 1 envelope of sugar free cocoa mix -LRB- the kind with milk in the mix -RRB- and add one teaspoon of instant coffee or instant espresso and 1 packet of equal add hot water . Voila , tastes way better than this stuff .
 I usually order this product directly from Caffe D'Vita . This time from Amazon it does not taste or look like the same product . the cans were only 1/2 full , the color was much darker and the taste was just not the same . I 'm curious to order next time from Caffe D'Vita to see if THEY changed there product or if Amazon altered it . Sorry , just not what i was expecting .
 The idea of an instant cappuccino sounded very appealing until I tried this product . I was very disappointed . What 's even more disappointing is the product description on the package is deceiving , claiming it 's creamy , flavorful , etc. . Do n't believe it ! I can only describe this product as `` flavored sugar '' . It was n't creamy , could barely taste coffee in it , and is very watery . I even tried mixing it in milk instead of water -LRB- per package directions -RRB- and it 's still very bland although it was way too sweet . The directions say to use `` 3 tsp '' per cup . Even one tsp is already sweet . Again , this is just sugar with just a bit of cheap coffee flavoring and powdered milk . I ended up throwing away most of the product , did n't bother to finish it . Waste of money , I would not recommend this product at all .
 The taste of these one is particularly strong . I did not really like them but my friend did . If you do n't mind and can handle the strong taste then I say buy them .
 Although these candies did have a very good flavor I was very disappointed . I had to dispose of almost half because the candies were crushed ; I assumed it was poor packaging and did n't go through the hassle of trying to get them replaced . I just think it is probably something that needs to be purchased locally instead of by mail .
 These candies have a good taste and they seem to be made from natural ingredients which is nice but they had a slightly stale texture , sort of chewy . I bought them for the office and had several people taste them and agree . They are supposed to have a soft middle so maybe the chewiness was by design . Unfortunately you have to buy six bags at a time so you ca n't find this out without making a bit of a commitment .
 This product came with bugs in it . Very not cool . If I were a bug eat I wouldnt have had a problem with it . But I AM NOT !!!
 The taste is great but it gave me a terrible migraine from the MSG . Those who are sensitive beware . Also , MSG addition is usually a way to fake true flavor .
 THESE CANDIES TASTE VERY DIFFERENT FROM MOST GUMMIES THAT I HAVE HAD . I WOULD SUGGEST PURCHASING A SINGLE BAG BEFORE INVESTING IN A 12-BAG PACK .
 I bought these to use as decorative center pieces for a birthday party . The packaging looked nice but when going through the candies to put in my decor I noticed that over half of them -LRB- 43 to be exact -RRB- were broken and unusable .
 THe candy tasted fine , but out of the box of 80 only 16 were not broken . So , i have a credit .
 Senna tea is truly magical in the way it temporarily replaces your internal organs with bees.I guess I must not be worthy enough in the constipation department to truly reap the benefits of Senna , and so the gods of this truly magical herb treated me instead to merciless abdominal pain and rear-ended agony.Does it make you poop ? Yes , you will poop everything that is inside you , including your innards .
 Why Senna tea has become so expensive!I been ordering Senna tea for years.Price used to be 2.50 a box . Now its 7.50 !
 We ordered 20 of these as gifts for our clients . We were excited when they arrived , but were quite upset when we opened the box to inspect our goodies . It was definitely not what we had expected , and certainly not something the reflects the level of appreciation we have for our customers . Besides the packaging 's being cheap-looking . Upon closer reading of the product description , we found
 I bought this gift basket thinking there was Ghirardelli chocolate -LRB- b/c the description said so -RRB- , but there was no Ghirardelli .
 they ripped me off , I bought this for my mom for mothers day ... IT WAS NOT THE ONE PICTURED , IT WAS A CHEAP KNOCK OFF ... everything tasted bad ... not a good gift ...
 Smaller then expected and the cookies were hard and the shortbread delectable cookies were also hard and not very tasty
 I read the reviews , bought the product and really do n't understand it 's appeal . If you like dry , almost tasteless , light calorie snacks go for it . If you want taste , crunch and some substance get a bag of chips . And , the chips are cheaper too !
 waste of money , came late too , it does not taste anything like mango , in fact it tastes like a bad formula for kids
 First off these `` gummi '' apples do n't have the gummi consistancy that haribo 's other gummi candies have . They were so soft that they were like eating gum drops instead of a gummi product . I know what you are thinking , they were probably just really really fresh . No that was n't it . I have purchased -LRB- and enjoyed -RRB- the haribo gummi sour cherries and they were very fresh when I received them but they still had the gummi texture that I was looking for . I had someone else try the candy just to see if they agreed with me and they said the same thing I do , that these are n't anything like gummies . I do n't know ... maybe I got a bag from some weird mutant batch and maybe they are n't always like this . Who knows.The second thing is that the flavor is a bizarre apple-ish flavor that was not enjoyable in the least . It had kind of a chemical taste to it.I absolutely do NOT recommend this product . Try the sour cherry , it is much , much better .
 this stuff is nasty , waste of money . it has a weird geewy taste to it and just plain nasty . dont buy it
 Very disappointed when my customer expressed their disappointment with the gift I gave to him and his wife . Their initial impression was &#34; beautiful &#34; , but then they ate some items and found many items to be stale . I will not be ordering from &#34; Art of Appreciation Gift Baskets &#34; .
 I have dealt with Amazon.com for years , maybe since it began.Most of the service was very good to excellent.I tried to send this basket to my parents . . When I filled in the forms and submitted . . The order showed that the basket was being sent to me . . Tried to cancel and edit several only to get a post to return it when it arrived at my address ... It did and was the crappiest basket I have ever receivd over the internet . . The delivery box was crushed . . So I dissembled the basket and made it at least presentable as a gift . . I wo n't buy from these guys again !! . . Thanks and . .
 I received this as a gift so I wanted to give an honest review to those who might be thinking of giving it as a gift . One word
 For the money the quality is not there . I bought it for a business acquaintance and we never got together so I ended up eating the whole basket myself . Not stellar flavor or quality , everything tasted like the items sold at the supermarket . Dry cookies with no additional flavor , no one item stood out as `` awesome '' tasting . For that money I would have gotten just cheese and wine . Very very disappointing .
 There is a list of 18 items in the description of this basket . I only received 16 and a couple of them were duplicates . There are also things that were n't on the list at all . I figure there 's 5-6 items in the description that were n't included , and one of those items -LRB- the licorice candy -RRB- was one of the reasons I chose this package -LRB- one of my coworkers loves licorice -RRB- . I understand it 's probably a busy time of year for them but I 'm still disappointed . I would return it but it 's getting too late to order something else.EDIT
 I am incredibly embarrassed about this basket . Here I thought I was sending something of substance - based on the seller 's description and the picture and the cost . My sister in law , who suffered an incredibly life threatening illness received this basket from my out of town family , thinking it was something for her to use to offer guests and local relatives a snack with tea when they visited . NO CHEESE IN THIS BASKET AND NOTHING EXPENSIVE . There were crackers and a school lunch size packet of chocolate chip cookies . I am so embarrassed . Many other companies offer less expensive baskets with greater goods . Do n't order this basket . Barb DV .
 I got this for my dads birthday present and I wished I could have gotten him something better . It was delivered quickly and was beautifully decorated , but the candies and snacks I could have gotten at wal-mart . Do NOT BUY !
 My mother had a major surgery and since my sisters and I live out of state we wanted to give her something extra special to help cheer her up . I ordered this basket , being the largest one , paid a hefty price and even paid the extra money to have it overnighted . She received it the next afternoon at 2:30 , which is rather late for the extra $ 30 I was charged . Though the basket was pretty the yummies were described by my sister staying with her as , dry and tasteless . That made me really sad because I really wanted something extra special
 some of the products were stale . Gave this as a gift to my brother and he told me about 4-5 of the items were bad .
 Not much directions on the bottle for how much rub to place on your meat . I eyeballed it thinking I had enough but you could hardly taste it . The power on it 's own is also not very flavorful . Just decided from now on to make my own marinade with spices that I have on hand which is easy enough .
 Bought this trying to replicate my local shawarma restaurant . Not even close . Shawarma varies quite a bit though , but I have traveled extensively and this does not match any shawarma flavor I have had in the middle east or Europe .
 Was disappointed in this spice blend . When I lived in SFO I was absolutely hooked on both Chicken and Lamb Shawarma from an Arab restaurant in the Haight ... just yummy so I was excited when I saw this Shawarma spice as I no longer live in the City . Spice was very bland tasted sort of old and dusty . Will keep experimenting and try grinding fresh spices rather than buying a blend next time .
 The gift basket was tiny for the price . The raspberry cookies were not very good . The chocolate cookies were yummy , but there were only two . It just was n't worth the money .
 This is the third year I have given package gifts to my business partners . I have had trouble finding enough value in these so that I feel good about giving them . Neither the size nor the presentation of this package had a value close to what I paid . Another disappointment . They did arrive in good shape and timely .
 I ordered this box of chocolates as a Valentine 's Day gift for my wife , who ca n't eat dairy products . I was disappointed in the quality . The chocolate is soft but crumbly -- it 's not chewy . It 's an odd sort of texture for chocolate . And the flavor is just strange
 Why would I pay eighteen bucks for something that is clearly lebeled as five cents each and a quantity of 240 . That works out to twelve bucks and is ridiculous . They ai n't that good folks ...
 We had a party for Mary Jane , but the candy itself is not that good . Highly recommended for a Mary Jane named party as a decoration
 This is the candy I always dreaded getting on Halloween when I went trick or treating . I always felt like TPing the houses of people who gave me them . It 's like the `` Eh , I did n't feel like spending that much money '' Halloween candy .
 Although I normally grind up beans and make espresso , I bought some of these pods for when I 'm in a rush to get out of the door . I have used Illy espresso pods before with great results , but these pods were a huge dissapointment . I tried six pods out of the bag when I first got the pod pack -LRB- since there is a random mix of all different types -RRB- . Each cup was really poor . The pods themselves are packed very loosley , so that the espresso ends up super weak and tastes like a bad bitter cup of coffee . When I saw these I thought `` What a deal ! '' You are much better off spending the extra money for the Illy , or grinding up your own beans .
 There is a program problem . This product is NOT for Nespresso but keeps coming up when you search for Nespresso . I had to return the products and the vendor confirmed this happens often . Can Amazon correct the misleading links ?? Steve S.
 The pods did not fit in my machine very good , causing water torun out of the top . Some worked that were extras out of the pack.The flavorite coffee worked fine . I love Espresso , but does notwork in my machine .
 While there were some lovely pods in my order , I received about a dozen of the same flavor , without notice , since the podmerchant 's stock had been depleted . Some of the pods had expired , as well . I got this as a gift for my boss , so you can imagine it was more than a little embarrassing ... Customer service was n't much to speak of , either . They had a `` what 's the problem '' response when I expressed disappointment with the lack of variety and the expired goods , and they were always traveling , so communication was slow . I ca n't recommend them , unless you really do n't care what you get ! The quality of the espresso was hit-or-miss . Most of them were mediocre or stale , so . Caveat emptor .
 Got this sample box as a gift with my new espresso machine and I have tried about 4 of the pods . Some are expired which things happen I understand so eh . However the four kinds I have tried which were not expired have been just awful . I have n't been able to finish a single cup I have even resorted to ripping the pods out and trying to add and tamp it myself to see if that would help . I think the espresso that we get in this sample pack is just nasty stuff . Also I did not get all the brands pictured . Basically I do n't think the price was worth what I got for the money that was spent I felt really bad telling the person who bought this for me they wasted their money : | Update - yes already , I was going through my box of pods trying to sort expired from not and what I drank already and did n't like to toss away when I ran across three packages that were coffee pods not espresso pods . So I do n't know what to do with those perhaps they might work ! But I do not have a coffee maching that takes pods I have a espresso machine . I did come across a white package of espresso that I did enjoy and wanted to leave a review on that brand ; however , I do n't even see the brand on their picture here so I guess there is no point to that .
 My dtr . has always LOVED this gum ----- of course u ca n't find it anymore , so when I saw it on Amazon.com , I bought it for her as a &#34; special Christmas gift &#34; - she was thrilled when she opened the package-BUT-after getting the burst of long remembered flavor when she popped the first piece -------- it ended ----- flavor only lasts 2-3 mins ------ sign of our times , sadly .
 they are leathery , I did not care for them at all , they use to be better.I doubt I will purchase them again
 After not finding the dried cherries at Costco , I decided to give these a try . In comparison to those from Costco , these are dry and tasteless . The price was fine , but the quality was not . Try buying the Kirkland brand for moist , tart and absolutely delicious dried cherries .
 I bought these cherries based on all the positive reviews on Amazon , but I guess I have different tastes than most the reviewers here.The cherries are way , way too sweet . It really detracts from the actual flavor and tartness.Maybe if there was half the sugar in them than what it has now , they would taste much better .
 A real disappointment . I normally buy Kirkland Signature dried montmorency cherries from Costco . The Costco cherries have a much brighter flavor and a nice tart sweet snap at the end . These taste dull almost raisin like initially with a hint of cherry at the end .
 My review of Traverse Bay Fruit Co 's dried cherries is going to be almost identical to Robert J. Kiep 's , which was written on 7/17/12 . The cherries I ordered last year were plump , sweet , and delicious . They came out of the package looking and tasting * perfect * , and remained perfectly wonderful to the very last one . Last week I placed a new order for the cherries and what I got was something that might as well have been little bits of dried cardboard . So I thought , `` Hmm , maybe I got a bad batch , let 's call for a replacement . '' Amazon , as always , was great about sending a replacement right away . But guess what ? I got the same tasteless , nearly colorless dried bits of cardboard again , which leads me to believe that Traverse Bay is doing something vastly different with their cherries now - or obtaining them from an altogether different source.Don ' t even consider purchasing these for the asking price . It would be highway robbery . I would n't spend $ 5 on the two boxes I received in the mail this week . I think I will try Costco 's dried cherries as I 've read good things about them . Bummer about Traverse Bay . I 'm disappointed . I love to bake with dried cherries , and to snack on them , too . On a positive note , the Amazon rep was kind enough to immediately refund my money , and to let me know that he 'd look into the matter so that others here are not disappointed in a similar fashion .
 I would not recommend this company as the bag arrived and when I weighed it , it was 3 ounces short of the 4 lbs that I paid for . That makes an expensive item even more expensive .
 I purchased this product because I got tired of buying the 6 ounce packages of Sunkist dried cherries . I am somewhat disappointed in this product because the sunflower oil used to prevent sticking during storage gives an initial off taste . Luckily this initial off taste disappears soon after sucking the cherries and then they have a very good flavor . I consume a lot of dried cherries and I will not purchase this product again . Sunkist dried cherries do n't have this initial off taste -LRB- even though they also contains sunflower oil -RRB- . It turns out that the cost per pound is not much different when shipping and handling is considered .
 The cherries are NOT particularly tart , instead are overly sweetened . To make matters worse , the oil that 's used as an anti-clumping agent was old and stale , so the cherries taste and smell like rancid oil . You might get by if you just cook with them , but they are unpleasant to eat raw .
 THIS IS THE 3RD SHIPPMENT OF TRAVERSE BAY DRIED CHERRIES I 'VE PURCHASED FROM AMAZON . THIS TIME THE CHERRIES WERE HARDER THEN THOSE IN THE PAST AND THUS HARDER TO CHEW . THIS MAY BE DUE TO LACK OF ADQUATE MOISTURE BEFORE PACKING OR THEY WERE STORED TO LONG AND BECAME DRIED OUT , PRIOR TO SALE . WHAT EVER THE CAUSE THEY WERE NOT AN ENJOYABLE ADDITION TO THE MORNING CEREAL AS THEY HAVE BEEN IN THE PAST . WILL I BUY AGAIN ? I 'M NOT SURE AT THIS POINT IN TIME .
 A month ago my order arrived in a box that looked like it was crushed and laid in water in a corner of a warehouse . The cherries were bitter and dried , unlike the prior two orders around Christmas . Then yesterday they charged me again even though I did n't reorder , which caused me to overdraft my bank account . Frustrated and disappointed .
 I 've ordered about 2 boxes a month of these cherries over the past few years and up until the last shipment -LRB- a few weeks ago -RRB- , they have been excellent . Now , the latest shipments have lacked the quality that they once had . They are now smaller and the taste has changed for the worse . As I eat the dried cherries as a standalone snack , the taste is extremely important ! It 's very unfortunate that Traverse Bay has changed this and I will no longer be ordering them if this was n't just a one time difference !
 We really loved the first batch . The dried cherries tasted organic and fresh . So we ordered second box and found it was shipped from a different farm because the inner package was different . Their product was loaded with SUGAR and tasted artificial and cheap . We are very reluctant to purchase any more from this company because of the inconsistency of the product !
 The quality of the cherries from this company used to be very high , but they appear to be using cherries from another location now . The cherries used to be plump and sweet . Now they are dried out and almost tasteless . Think twice about this purchase if you have purchased cherries from this company in the past . They are not the same cherries that you know and love ...
 Not exactly I want , and it 's way too sweat . I do n't really like it , and the pack is too big . I am having a headache taking care of 4 pounds since it did not taste good , as least to me ...
 After reading the reviews , I decided to give it a try , but was very disappointed . The reviews said it was sweet , or over sweet . yet mine was very tart . Do n't know if they forget to put sugar in my cherries . : -LRB-
 After reading so much good review , I purchase this product . I expected like Cransins that is my girl 's favorite snack . I would like to give her something else . However , the cherry is so sour . No on can take it!I thought maybe they forgot to add sugar . I am not a sweet person . But it is sour , no cherry flavor at all . Really disppointed .
 I am completely disappointed . I bough this cherries for health reason especially for my hubby suffering from gout , and to my chagrin I fund that they are full of sugar , and oil to which my hubby is allergic to . What a bomber , Knowing this , We have no reason to eat them . Sincerely , Eliana .
 The cherries tasted rancid - DO NO BUY !!!!! We have purchase dried cherries in the past from other companies -LRB- Shoreline Foods -RRB- and have been extremely happy . Travers Bay Fruit Co. cherries are nasty !!!
 i just got it and it is old and does not worth it ... the taste is not as good either i did not get it why they get so many 5 stars rating ... it is the worse product i have ever bought from online everdo not waste your money ... some people compare this with grocery stores dried cherries ... . funny ... . this product sucks big big time
 I wish I was more positive , but I am not really happy with the product . I have bought Traverse Bay Cherries in the past . These cherries have an off taste as if they have been in storage too long and are far too over plump as to suggest extra sugar has been added to increase weight . Michigan cherries from Traverse Bay has been an excellent product in the past . I suspect these are second rate in some fashion .
 The last time I bought this item was exactly 3 months ago on April 12 , 2012 . The price was $ 28.62 , it is now $ 35.99 . That 's a sharp increase of $ 7.37 in 3 months , which is a price increase of nearly $ 2.00 per lb . - and when you consider that this product is 61 % sugar , that 's quite a price hike.At this price , Traverse Bay Dried Cherries costs MORE PER LB . than the Trader Joe brand of Montmorency dried Sour Cherries which are delicious and come in smaller bags . The whole point of buying bulk 4 lbs . is that you get a price break over buying smaller bags in grocery stores . Not anymore.I 'm gon na go to Trader Joe instead and buy their excellent dried sour cherries which are not as oily , and have a nice tartness . *** UPDATE - Aug. 17 , 2012 I just bought from Trader Joe their Tart Montmorency Cherries 8 oz . bag for $ 4.29 yummy !
 Just checked the Travis Bay web site.Every 100 grams of product contains 61 grams of sugar.That means that you are getting two and a half pounds of sugar in each four pound box.They carry unsweetened cherries at their web site .
 We used to eat these a lot , and I think they are delicious . Sorry to be unfair , but I wanted to say that these things are LOADED with sugar - just look at the nutrition info
 I always order the Traverse Bay dried cherries when they are on sale . We love them so I thought I 'd grap me some of these chocolate covered ones . What a disappointment . The chocolate is just plain weird tasting . Not good . The chocolate RUINED them . I 'll try to give them away and if that does n't work I 'm throwing them away . Stay with the plain Traverse Bay dried cherries .
 I bought these cherries in hope of making small bags for Christmas stockings . They are horrid ! The thick `` chocolate '' coating has unnecessary ingredients in it , and artificial vanilla , so it does n't really taste like a chocolate coating , but a cheap imitation , and are much too sweet as well -LRB- usually extra sugar is used to make up for the lack of good chocolate -RRB- . I can barely taste the dried cherry inside , and they leave an after taste . This product on Amazon is cheaper , as the cost is twice as much on the company website . But even at the reduced price , I would not buy these again . Amazon says they are kosher in the description , and the plain dried cherries are , but not the chocolate covered cherry product.I have had chocolate covered dried cherries by other brand companies from Michigan that are much better . I will stick with those .
 The chocolate on these cherries was stiff and somewhat stale , and there was n't enough of the chocolate to complement the tartness of the cherries . My box of cherries was a big disappointment , but it was n't returnable . Next time , I 'll buy Chukar 's cherries instead . They cost more , but they taste better .
 while this is the best soda ever made , this is WAAAAY too much for one 2-liter when on faygos site you can get 8 for almost the same price
 This popcorn is a bit bland . It does not taste as good as the popcorn I make in a brown paper bag in the microwave . I am dissappointed .
 I got this flavor based on the number of customer reviews . I somehow did not like this flavor at all . It has a very artificial taste , and I could taste the artificial colors added , which has a bitter aftertaste . In my opinion , the boba tea tastes much better using real black tea and milk , with no artificial flavors or colors added .
 I 've been enjoying Illy medium roast at home but was looking to cut back on the caffeine . I ordered the decaf , but it 's really bitter . I 've made it a couple of times now , and it 's always the same result . I 'm using the same process as with the non-decaf - which comes out beautifully each time . If anyone has ideas , or can tell me I just got a bad batch -LRB- which , at this price is frustrating -RRB- , that would help . I would really like to incorporate some decaf into my espresso drinking , especially in the evening .
 Ughh ... . My gawd . These things taste awful . Has no flavor , no kick , barely even fizzes . It 's rather terrible . A local charity drive received some of these and sent this off to some hungry kids in Cambodia and the kids sent the entire shipment back saying they rather risk drinking the cholera-laden water from the nearby stream . I cant recommend anyone drinking this unless they 've previously had their taste buds burned off with sulfuric acid . In that case ... bottoms up ! 2 stars ... one extra because it 's only 99 cents at most stores for when you have no money to quench the thirst and Arizona or Brisk arent available .
 I did n't buy this for use as a spice like I would think most purchasers have . I bought it to aid my indigestion problems and it did n't do anything for me with that . Fennel seed is usually amazing for that purpose . Perhaps it 's good as a spice though I honestly have n't tried .
 Sugar-free lollipops ? Sorry kids , if someone hands you one of these , you got a dud of a candy . A real dud .
 Being diabetic and also having had a colectomy -LRB- removal of 100 % of my colon -RRB- , I try to be mindful of what I eat . While these lolly pops have a fragrant fruity odor , they smell up a room -LRB- normal ? -RRB- . The taste is only `` okay '' . That is not the worst of the problems I have encountered . My main problem is that it causes frequent copious immediate liquid evacuations . Sometimes they are accompanied by cramps . I can not determine which chemical in the candy causes this.I will not purchase these again .
 I have not bought this product before and bought it for my husband who also is trying to quit smoking . He used the suckers and started having a lot of gas.If he had more than three of these a day he was in the bathroom . Taste was good but the side affects where not good . I have bought this brand in other products and have had not problems .
 This item appears as number two or three on the list of items when searching for xylitol lolipops . I bought a bag for my granddaughter assuming that I had bought a product made from xylitol ... a reasonable assumption since the item is near the top of the search . Obviously , from now on when I buy from Amazon , I will have to actually read the whole page to see what I am actually buying -LRB- facts are on the bottom of the page -RRB- My son pointed out that the lolipops were made of sucralose , a highly cholinated sweetener of which studies have pointed out adverse effects on the body -LRB- including this one
 Rarely do we write reviews ... but this product warrants it . These lollypops were listed as `` sweetened with Splenda , '' but be warned Splenda is the next to last ingredient in the product ... translation
 In full honesty , I thought I had order one pound of sanding sugar -LRB- at the same price -RRB- and was a little confused when I opened the box . Since I really did n't need a pound , I decided to keep this product . I agree with the other review that rated these expensive for what they are -- just slightly colored sugar.I sprinkled them on my daughter 's birthday cake and she liked them . A few minutes -LRB- 10 at the most -RRB- later when we cut the cake , the had already melted/dissolved into the frosting . I used them on white frosting and they were very had to see , even at application.Bottom line
 I 've been hunting for a good quality edible glitter for months now , and from the photo and the other reviews , I though this was going to be what I wanted . It 's not . These are just those sugar crystal sprinkles that you can get in the grocery store -LRB- clear or colored -RRB- for about $ 3 a bottle . They are slightly smaller and shinier than what I 've seen , but there 's not enough of a difference to be worth $ 11 a bottle plus shipping . Big disappointment ...
 Notwithstanding the manufacturer 's web site , I was unable find these in any local store . My order from Amazon arrived with the candy fresh and in good shape . But as other reviewers noted the recipe must have been changed . The chewy part tended too be more like cardboard than caramel . The peanuts did not have a fresh taste either . This candy used to melt to a smooth , textured treat in the mouth . Now it leaves a dry , papery feel . The chocolate remains very good . Since I can only have one a day , I was overall disappointed .
 These are fairly bland and have a funky taste . I would n't buy them again .
 For those on a low-fat/no-fat diet , watch out ! The second ingredient for this product is vegetable oil ! So you are getting fat when you use this `` fat-free '' product . They claim a `` trivial '' amount for one teaspoon , but most people use more than a single teaspoon . The taste is fine , but do n't call something `` fat-free '' when its second ingredient by weight is oil !
 I was very disappointed in edible white pearls . The pearls had no sheen to them , very mattecolor . The only good thing I can say is that the item came to my home very quickly . I will not be using these pearls on my daughter 's wedding cake .
 They do not even look like the picture that is stated on Amazon . They are not shiny and do not look like pearls . Dull looking and wo n't order ever again . I am doing wedding cupcakes and very disappointed .
 I was excited to have some seasonal items out of season , but I did n't know they would be three seasons old . They were so hard that I could n't eat a single one and I had to throw them all away .
 I ordered these to add to my center pieces for a baby shower I was throwing . When i got them they had sent me yellow instead of pink and they were stale . I would have been better off buying them in the store at easter and then leaving them in my fridge till sept. .
 I love almost all Tabasco products and living in Louisiana , I can buy them local . However , this specialty hot sauce was not done right . Unfortunately , the first ingredient of this stuff is high-fructose corn syrup . Notwithstanding taste , it pours thicker than any sauce I 've ever seen that it looks `` gummy '' almost . For a Louisiana company , you 'd think they would support their local sugar farmers and at least use a sugar syrup instead . I 'd stay away from any product with high-fructose corn syrup , and this is one of them .
 I AM SO DISAPPOINTED IN THIS PRODUCT , IT HAS NO TASTE , I HAVE ORDERED OTHER SUGARFREE PEANUT BRITTLE FROM OTHER PLACES , IE. , SEE 'S CANDY , ETC AND THEY ARE SOOOO MUCH BETTER . I AM SORRY TO SAY THAT THIS WAS A WASTE OF MY GOOD MONEY . THIS STUFF IS GOING INTO THE WASTE BIN .
 Cause this stuff has it , Lea & Perrins does n't ! But thats not why I 'm rating this so low . It gets two stars because its terrible , a thin watery pitiful substitute for L&P ; that does no justice to any dish , andespecially not to a Bloody Mary.Heinz is a pretty good brand name , I have never understood why they cant get thisright . Check it yourself , pull a bottle from the shelf , turn it upside down and seehow quickly it runs down the sides leaving nothing behind . I suppose if you cookedthis down to about a 60 % solution it would be ready to use , but right out of thebottle its a pretty weak substitute for real Worcestershire sauce . I did have abottle of this that I fortified with a Tsp of anchovy paste and it tasted much better .
 Silk is usually absolutely delicious . But it contains cane juice -- which translates to sugar . Besides for which , the plain flavor does n't taste nearly as good as the others . Between the unrefined , organic , naturally milled , all that good stuff SUGAR and the not great taste , my take on this kind of Silk is especially `` Thanks , but no thanks . ''
 I ca n't comment on the other flavors of Silk soy `` milk '' but this flavor is the most disgusting thing I 've ever tasted ! To me it 's truly a sin to waste food and I 've been know to eat or drink things that were merely abhorrent rather than throw them out , but after one swallow of this liquid refuse I poured the rest of it down the sink . Because my wife is lactose intolerant I foolishly thought the Silk company could make passable `` yogurt '' since it had added flavors , but no , the predominant flavor was some vague aftertaste that seemed somehow off , as if they used motor oil as an ingredient . My wife experienced it too , so it is n't just me . Funny that O'Soy tastes just like regular yogurt and has no aftertaste . For a delicious milk substitute , try Rice Dream . The original tastes just like milk while the vanilla tastes just like ice cream ! As a bonus , neither O'Soy nor Rice Dream have sanctimonious commercials filled with sanctimonious actors/athletes who have obviously either never tried a Silk product or they were paid very big bucks to mislead the naive and trusting populous .
 Maytag blue , is not worth the exhorbitant rate which one is expected to pay for it . The cheese is far to creamy . The tang is far to weak . This cheese is described as salty , with a lemony aftertaste on Cheese.com , it is none of those things . My advise is to spend oh , maybe half the money and get Rosenborg or Denmark 's finest -LRB- Both owned by Arla LLC , Gmbh , Ltd. -RRB- Danish blue , you 'll be much happier , and you wo n't break the bank . I have heard some people complain about suffering migranes from stronger blues , and with this Maytag blue they do not suffer afterward , let me point out that that mean this cheese is not as strong as other blues , thus more cream , more fat , higher calories , and less of a blue , Purchase Danish Blue , or if you really do have money to burn , get Stilton or Roquefort ; and let the american chemical miracle -LRB- NOT CHEESE -RRB- die a painless death .
 These chips were stale when I received them . They taste horrible and were hard as well . I wanted to return them after eating one chip but Amazon does n't allow these to be returned so I guess I paid over $ 20 for one stale chip . I do n't recommend buying these at all . I 'd give less than one star if I could .
 I ordered a `` 6 # wedge '' as a special treat for my aged parents who were to host a big holiday party . Package arrived nicely but wedge weighed just over 4lbs , making this the most expensive cheese I 've ever purchased . I 've yet to taste it and I 'm sure it is good -LRB- ? -RRB- but someone 's scale is broken ... and I 'm feeling ripped off .
 DO NOT PURCHASE THESE !!!! THEY ARE NOT THE REAL THING . I ordered alot of these cookies thinking I 'd hit the jackpot in finding them . I was so excited and coud n't wait for their arrival . They arrived today and when I quickly opened up a package -LRB- carefully placing the other treasured packages in the freezer -RRB- , I was soooooooooooooooo disappointed !!! They are nothing like theh originals and I feel like I 've been definitely duped by purchasing these imposters.They are very crunchy , not the same texture of the original and the fudge center is almost fake looking and tastes nothing like the fudgy center of the original . They are awful and I 'm stuck with 12 packages of them . I guess I should have believed it when I heard they stopped making them or closed down the factory ... whatever the story was/is . Anyone want some cookies ?
 I ordered this product , but never got to try it because it was not sent to me . Instead , without permission or explanation , Amaranth FLOUR was sent to me , which months and months later I still have not used . I never ordered flour . I contacted the company by email , phone , and through Amazon customer service , but not once did they so much as reply . I would advise anyone to be very wary of ordering products from Nu World - it is questionable that you will get what you want , and they do not return customer correspondence .
 EASILY MIXES INTO ANYTHING ... I ADDED THE RECOMMENDED BUT IT WAS NOT AS TASTY BUT THEN ADDING ANYMORE MAKES IT TOO SWEET
 I do n't know how anybody can say this tastes even at all close to starbucks white mocha sauce . It has a really bad artificial after taste and is not rich and buttery like starbucks white mocha . My husband and I both drank this equally and he agreed that it was not worth a second purchase . If you really want a good white mocha , go with the ghiradelli sweet ground white chocolate powder . Now that is fabulous and tastes exactly like a starbucks white mocha . This torani white chocolate sauce is just plain bad , we had to almost plug our noses to get it down .
 Well the sauce is great ... I can make my `` Starbuck 's '' style coffee white mocha for a fraction of price ... except the sauce I bought expired 60 days after I bought it ... I love mochas but come on ... It should have been at least 6 months .
 I bought Torani Original Mocha Sauce , White Chocolate after reading other reviews raving about this product saying it was just like Starbucks white mocha latte . Well let me tell you its NOT . It has a very strange after taste and I had to use almost a hole bottle to get close to a Starbucks taste . I will not ever recommended this product to any one ! Now I have 5 other bottles just gathering dust in my pantry because I dont want to use it .
 I have had a venti white chocolate mocha -LRB- skim milk , no whipped cream -RRB- every morning at Starbucks for the last six years . After I bought a espresso machine , three weeks ago , I thought about making my own white chocolate mocha at home ; so I decided to buy this product.This morning I read the instructions on the bottle and put two table-spoons of that chocolate in my cup of coffee ... Then , three , four and , finally , some sugar to add some flavor . I put over 250 calories in my coffee for nothing . I never got white chocolate flavor at all.I am , to say the least , disappointed and , definitely , I will never buy -LRB- or recommend -RRB- this product again .
 While to some the cost of this item may be appealing the taste is less than desirable . It tastes nothing like the white mocha drinks that I have had in `` any '' coffee shops . And , I see several mentions of Starbucks ... . it is not even close . This is very artificial in taste and very runny . We spent a lot on our espresso machine so we are not going to skimp on flavors , beans etc. . We use Fontana White Chocolate and while it does cost more it is what Starbucks uses per upper management from several locations - different label as Buck $ has their own labels . Fontana is what was in Starbucks years ago - same container - same label . A little more but also you use less syrup and the taste is spot on .
 I had actually bought this at a supermarket store and went home to make a white mocha , I usually drink starbucks so thats what i was going for . To me this prduct is gross and not that good . I really reccomend the FONTANA sauces and syrups , that is the best product in my opinion and it is the same stuff starbucks uses .
 I first purchased this from Amazon back in Mar 2008 for my lattes -LRB- to get the Starbucks flavor -RRB- and was extremely happy with both the price and product . The sauce was nice and thick -LRB- actually had to squeeze the bottle a bit to get the product out -RRB- and delicious . And you ca n't beat $ 19 price for 6 bottles -LRB- free shipping to boot ! -RRB- . I finally ran out last month and placed another order with Amazon . The consistency this time was VERY runny and watered down ... In fact , I ended up spilling some of the first bottle as I was n't expecting it to be so watery . I had to actually shake the bottle to get a more uniform consistency -LRB- which I never had to do before -RRB- and even then , it was still very runny to where I had to be careful when I poured -LRB- yes , poured ... not drizzle -RRB- it into my coffee . I checked the other 5 bottles and they were the same.Not sure what changed in their formula but I am definitely NOT happy with this new batch . I would return it , but it would n't be worth my time and shipping cost -LRB- Amazon was running a special promotion at the time and I got the 6 bottles for around $ 15 -RRB- . I am generously giving it 2 stars only because the 1st order back in March was absolutely fantastic.Not nearly as excited about my weekend lattes anymore ... : -RRB-
 No doubt this is a poor product . When you are done draining out the water to make your sandwich , the chicken amounts to about half this small can . Also , it is a very milky white in color , even for white meat , which makes me wonder if it is not processed . There is nothing on the can that states it is not processed , or all natural , which allows Hormel , if this is the case , to use processed parts of the chicken . Just the mush and too much water is enough to say goodbye to this rip-off .
 This should be called mush in a can . Why is the low sodium version so unrecognizable , grainy and mushy without the chunk qualities you expect when opening canned chicken . I need low sodium fast lunch solutions and was hoping this would help . What a rip off , it looks like they canned the leftover dredges from their premium breast of chicken and slapped a low sodium label on it . Shame on you Hormel !!
 I have opened 6 cans now . Each is primarily water with tiny , shredded bits of chicken meat floating in fluid . Sorry , but if you own a cat that 's probably where you 'll donate this product . It is so watery you can shake the cans and they sound like there 's nothing in them but fluid . This was an expensive disappointment .
 Due to the fact you can not give a 0 star rating I had to give it a 1 star . While it tastes like chicken , it in no way resembles chicken . No chunks , basically it looks like they power washed the bones and that 's the chicken you get.I 've written to hormel about this as well and about to contact the government as `` Premium Chunk Breast of Chicken '' is NOT AT ALL what this product is.It is a waste of money and time .
 I like to use canned chicken to make chicken salad sandwiches for lunch now and then . I was very disappointed in this canned chicken . It tasted horrible , which is surprising in just white meat . I do not know how they could have so thoroughly removed all flavor from the chicken and am not sure I want to know . I realize it 's salt free but that usually does n't seem to matter with other brands as I flavor it when making the salad . I usually like Hormel products so it was very disappointing . I will not be buying it again . Yuck !
 I have purchased numerous canned chicken products before , and of course none compare to real chicken . However , that being said , this product 's quality is considerably below that of most canned chickens . Other canned chickens have large chunks of white meat , while this product is full of small discolored pieces with pieces of what appear to be skin or fat . Considering the price is also higher than the store bought competitors , I can not recommend this product .
 I bought this to ship to me in Afghanistan , since it would be easier than asking my wife to go to the grocery store and then to the post office . Good price and fast shipping , but now I have to order a can opener . The item image depicts a pull-tab can which was my main concern , but the package that arrived did not have these tabs . If this is your concern , like mine , then do n't buy.As for the taste or quality of the meat , well I 'll just have to wait and see .
 Pathetic.Never trying this cheese before , I did n't write about it , but this weekend had a chance to try the real thing and it was excellent!This ... pathetic.I actually threw it away .
 I am writing with a hope , not a criticism . The Salerno Butter Cookies I remember were originally made in the Chicago area in Niles , IL in their plant on Caldwell . I am not sure they make them anymore.Recently I did buy a box of them at my local foodstore in Norridge . Nothing like they used to be when I heard this jingle many , MANY years ago : Mommy ? -- What is it , dear?Mommy , I want a Salerno butter cookie ! -- I heard you , dear , Salerno cookie coming right up.You can lookie , lookie , lookieBut you 'll never find a cookieWith a better butter batter than Salerno . -LSB- by Nabisco ! -RSB- -30 - If the manufacturer will kindly look up the old recipe , take out the High Fructose Corn Syrup and start doing it right , this product would shine again.At the present , no hope .
 when salerno went out of business i decided to load up with a case of my favorite butter cookies - bad decision because they were all STALE not fresh like from the grocery store who knows how long they were sitting in the warehouse beware when buying this item
 Just bought a box of `` The Original Salerno Butter Cookies '' from a Walgreens.They are NOT Salerno butter cookies.They were wrong from the get go . The color was too light , they did not have that good buttery aroma . . they were wayyy too hard to bite and they were dry and pretty tasteless . They were cheap cookies shaped like Salerno butter cookies . Apparently they are now made by Lance . Same people who make those cheddar cheese cracker/peanut butter sandwiches.Very Very disappointing !
 I probably have n't had a Salerno butter cookie for ten years but I grew up eating them . These are not the Salerno butter cookies I remember . Not even close . They 're too crunchy and not at all buttery . I thought I was being crazy or just got a bad pack until I read the other reviews . * sigh * I guess nothing lasts forever .
 I have the fondest memories of Salerno cookies growing up near O'Hare Airport in the 70 's and 80 's ... along with the Maurice Lenell line -LRB- my favorite , the pinwheel -RRB- and I have to say how very disappointed I was when I bought a box from Jewel the other day . These cookies are not even remotely close to what I remember them being and at first thought maybe it was just my old memories competing , but my husband tried them too and said the same thing ! They 're smaller , a bit thicker , harder/crunchier and not nearly as buttery and smooth as they used to be . I do n't know what the hell happened or why the formula has changed -LRB- someone in an earlier review mentioned high fructose corn syrup -RRB- but it 's really disappointing and a shame that a Chicago classic has been reduced to mediocrity . Praying that whoever does read this actually does something about it ... because I sure know I wo n't ever be buying these again !
 Growing up it was a treat to get these guys , but with 3 boys they never lasted long . My mom would buy two boxes , one for us boys to share and one for her room . It was a matter of hours before our box was a memory , but lo the fury of the Lord would reign down on anyone who dared to touch our mom 's box . Merely looking in it 's general direction while in her room could warrant a shoe to the head . I had n't been back to Chicago my home town in almost 20 years . I went back for Lollapalooza 2012 . The 3 things I looked forward to the most were in no particular order ; 1 . -RRB- White Castles double cheese burgers , 2 . -RRB- Authentic Gyro 's and 3 . -RRB- Salerno Butter Cookies . While the first two had me gayly skipping down memory lane , I was more than disappointed with the cookies . First , I could no longer fit an entire stack on my pinky finger and the taste was bland like eating hard tasteless flour ! When I was a child and into my teens these things melted in my mouth like sugar covered silk from India . It reminds me of how the old McDonalds fries used to be . They were what every fast food chain aspired to mimic with their fries , but could never duplicate . Although their fries are still good , they pale in comparison to the days of yore.Some things change , and some things stay the same . I wish they had n't tinkered with the recipe . At least White Castles , and Harold 's Chicken know how to stick with a winning recipe . Go Bears , Bulls , Whitesox , Blackhawks ! ... and cubs if they happen to make it to the WS and are n't playing the WhiteSox !
 The fact that this has both HFCS and regular corn syrup , along with sugar is a bit disgusting . You can tell HFCS leaves a nasty film all over the inside of your mouth . Pretty much ruins it for me .
 i ordered the `` people usually buy '' items package
 These gummies are hard . Not the best things to chew on . They were pretty cheap , but I regret not paying a little more for more softer chewier ones .
 I agree that this tea is great tasting but you are better off buying the tea bags . I thought the package would contain little tea leaves but instead its more like coarse sand . No matter how fine my tea strainer my mug is always full of tiny tea dust . Very frustrating !
 The pork rinds did not have any seasoning on them , so , they tasted very bland . I have tasted much better from the pork rinds sold in my area stores . I would not purchase this item again . Very dissapointed .
 this product may be fine for some people , but for me it was not what I expected ... nor wanted ...
 This was n't crackli 'n it was more like Rockli ` n. Every bag was full of rocks of pork rinds . I literally chipped a tooth eating this . Avoid it ... it 's not worth $ 0.50 out of a vending machine . Low quality .
 this product is very , very , very salty and has a mushy texture to one side plus it tastes burnt - refund .
 I wanted to like these crackers , given the awesome nutritional profile and ingredients . I would say two and a half stars , and it 's because the idea is great but the execution is not so good . I 'm just unhappy that I 'm stuck with five more bags of these things.There are two primary weaknesses :1 -RRB- Lack of flavor . I think I need to try the other cracker flavors , because these are just whole flaxseeds with some Bragg Liquid Aminos -LRB- soy sauce , basically -RRB- and lemon juice , and the flavor is just not enough for me .2 -RRB- Awful chewing experience . When you eat one of these , the flaxseeds stick . Everywhere . Between your teeth . On the roof of your mouth . Lodged around your jaw . Really , it takes a long time to feel like you do n't have flax embedded everywhere in your mouth . Not a very social snack , for this reason.I hope they keep working on this , as the idea is good .
 These crackers serve the purpose of getting flax down , with what that does , but they do not taste good , to me . I 'm going to try some other brands and not get these any more .
 Just got these crackers because of the positive reviews . I guess the saying `` to each his own '' is a truism because these crackers are pretty bad . One could not eat them unless one was super starved . Not oly do n't they taste good but they are of slimy consistency . Would never buy them again but I have to give the company some kuddos for their effort to come up with gluten free products .
 The product arrived when expected , but I was not crazy about the flavor and texture . I have used flaxseed in baking , but this was the first time I tasted it alone . If you like the taste of flaxseed , then these crackers will probably work for you .
 These were stale and tasteless . I do not intend to spend my money on any more . I can not eat wheat , dairy , food additives , or sugar so the items that I can eat are very limited . These were certainly not worth the money and were a huge disappointment .
 i paid over $ 20 for 12 items that were pre-priced at .99 cents each . and on top of that they are kinda stale . i would have been better off buying another brand from my local store .
 I 've ordered these snacks twice . It was the second time around that I was very disappointed . Over half the bags were stale . I called the seller and they informed me that they did not accept returns . They had no real explanation for the stale product other than it 's made weekly . They offered to send me a variety box of some of their other snacks in exchange . I had to follow-up with them 2-wks later when nothing showed . As indicated in title , the pork rinds are great if they are fresh . Be forewarned , there is a 50/50 chance the quality will not be as expected .
 While this sauce is acceptably good , -LRB- it 's neither amazing nor spicy -RRB- , it lacks any sort of natural ingredients , having a tiny percentage of actual pepper extract . Lot 's of other artificial flavors and colors in the mix . Sure , it 's cheap , but you get what you pay for . Try the Yucateco version instead , at least it 's more natural , and better taste , too .
 I 've bought and been blind taste testing over different 40 hot sauces for about a year -LRB- everyone needs a hobby -RRB- . I 'm sorry to say that the Bufalo Chipotle blend is inferior to virtually every other Chipotle based hot sauce I 've tried!This sauce has little of the marvelous flavor of the Chipotle smoked pepper and the only flavor really evident is a rather harsh vinegar type taste yet it lacks a true vinegar flavor.While I NEVER look at the ingredients when taste testing - yet now - as I write this review , I can finally look at the ingredients on the label . The major ingredient in this sauce is water - the next major ingredient is acetic acid -LRB- a refined , chemical component of vinegar -RRB- and finally there is the chipotle pepper followed by various other ingredients -LRB- such as salt , etc -RRB- . Make no mistake - a relatively harsh vinegar type taste is up front and center and the Chipotle flavor is pretty weak.Far better , among Chipotle based hot sauces , are either the Tabasco Chipotle Hot Sauce or the El Yucateco Chipotle Hot Sauce . Both of which are excellent and have a rich Chipotle favor and far surpass this sauce . The Tabasco has a fair amount of real vinegar added to the blend and the El Yucateco has less vinegar but some tomato and sugar has been added . Both of these sauces are really excellent yet different . Which you prefer would be based on how much vinegar you prefer in a hot sauce.I honestly doubt that there would be 1 person in a 1,000 who would prefer the Bufalo Chipotle to either one of the above when given the chance to taste test them side by side.PS
 My wife purchased this item at `` Shoppers '' supermarket in Laurel , MD today . She was complaining that the price was raised from under $ 2.00 to $ 2.98 when the item was moved into the Gourmet section of the store . Still , the $ 2.98 she paid is a far cry from the $ 13.20 this company gets , when shipping is included .
 The crackers were stale and not very palatable to me . I will not order them again .
 This is a repeat of the same review I left for another Amazon listing for the same tea -LRB- but at a significantly different price -RRB- . Despite the price difference , both listings appear to be for the same item and are sold by the same Indian Grocery . From reading the other reviews , it is clear that at least one other customer had the same bad experience as I did.I was initially excited to find Lipton Yellow Label Tea on Amazon , as I just got back from Italy and fell in love with it there . The Lipton Yellow Label Tea in Italy does n't taste anything like the weak , poor-quality Lipton we get in the U.S. , but the tea I ordered on Amazon -LRB- sold by Simply Beautiful -RRB- is actually manufactured for India and tastes bitter and/or stale . You ca n't see from the photo , but the writing on the packages I received is not in English and says it was manufactured in Canada for India . It is hard to tell whether the variety sold in India just tastes different than the kind in Italy , or if the tea was in fact stale , because there is NO sell-by or expiration date on the package -LRB- very disturbing -RRB- , and the bags are NOT `` foil-wrapped for freshness '' as described on Amazon . I was extremely disappointed in the taste of this tea from India , having looked forward to the lovely , full-bodied Lipton Yellow Label tea bags that I brought home from Italy . Not to mention the fact that I would never want to buy imported groceries that do n't have an expiration date , so there is no way to know how long they 've been sitting in the warehouse , if they are stale , or when they will go stale after opening -LRB- especially since they are not individually wrapped -RRB- . I returned both boxes of tea and hope to get an Amazon refund soon . I am very bummed .
 The company did do a refund for the tea . It looks the same as the box that comes from London . However , it is produced in India and has a very strong , almost bitter taste .
 tasteless-no flavor taste at all-filling with fiber but nothing else-may be healthy but i prefer to get flaxseed some other way
 I really wanted to like these , and I really wanted my kids to like them . Unfortunately , they just do n't taste all that great - which is understandable given the ingredients . They are very healthy snacks , and I can maybe eat a bit of it - but I just do n't like them enough to eat them and my kids tell me they do n't like them either . Oh well .
 I bought these because of the high nutrional value and I was really hoping to like these , but ... . I do n't ! Since these have gotten such good review here , I 'm hoping someone at work will like these . I think you 'll either love these or hate them !
 Redhead Sockeye is NOT sockeye salmon!The salmon is mushy , has a bad taste , is verylight pink in color , very salty , and is inedible.It is so bad that I would n't give it to anyoneand put all eleven unopened can in the trash!I recommend Trader Joe 's sockeye , which isdelicious and costs less than 1/2 the price of thisbad tasting , mushy salmon . JD
 Ordered a few cases . It 's barely edible . Too salty . I may have to donate it to the homeless . Ca n't eat it anymore . Shame on them for poor quality control . Only a lousy company has to overdo the salt in an unhealthy , despicable attempt to make it more palatable . No honor in that !! They overdo the food dye too . I smell at rat in the corporate management -- heavily pushing the dye and salt . Shameful !
 I had been eating Wild Planet Sockeye salmon for about 3 months before I decided to give Redhead a try . I was very disappointed with both the texture -LRB- mushy -RRB- and the amount of bone content in the Redhead . The Wild Planet is clearly the better choice in my book . Thanks .
 I have used this product before and it is excellent . Unfortunately , when this shipment arrived the seal on the item was broken and some of the product had already been squirted out of the container into the lid . I ca n't use it and according to Amazon 's policies -LRB- pressurized container -RRB- I ca n't return it . I ca n't even request a replacement to be sent - very unimpressed with Amazon .
 The product was advertised as resealable jars but was actually cans . The slices were mushy/soft . Its difficult to store the product once the cans are opened . The product quality , in general , is poor .
 Not happy with the product . Once they were cooked the potatoes were flat and did n't look any thing like the product picture that was seen . The shipping cost as much as the potatoes did !
 For christmas I ordered some coupons from my daughters school for $ 30.00 off Ohama steaks . I was excited to try them as I have been bombarded with their ads for the last 2 years and I was ready to test them out . I went on-line and looked at their packages and was so looking forward to receiving my package of fine foods and cook them . I made my choice and fell for some of the last min . add-ons , by choice . I went to pay and use the gift cards and well you can only use one at a time , having 2 for $ 15.00 I naturally thought I was getting $ 30.00 off the total . With that said I was still willing to go ahead with the order . $ 129.00 later I had ordered one of the package deals and the add-ons . I received my order ups in 5-7 days packaged in a styro cooler . packaged in the cooler were several cardboard boxes with vacuumed packaged tiny steaks . I am a person who loves to grill and do so about 4 nights a week , so I know a little about meat , and how to cook it . First this is not high end Dry-aged meat or wet aged this is inferior to quality meat that can be bought at a good butcher . The steaks are about $ 30.00 a pound after shipping and the high prices . The Hamburgers are tiny frozen pucks that are dry . I am so disappointed in the quantity and quality , I really have no words to describe how disappointed I am with this whole deal . To top everything off I received a e-mail coupon for $ 20.00 off my next order so the coupon that I purchased was $ 5.00 more than on-line deals . Wow Do yourself a favor and spend your money in a good butcher shop of grocery store !!!
 I was expecting great things because of 1 -RRB- price and 2 -RRB- Omaha Steaks name . This product did not live up to expectations.Chicken breast size is nice and cooks up well , but the artichoke parmesan oozes out during cooking and makes a mess . Most all of the stuffing oozes out and leaves a bland -LRB- and horribly expensive -RRB- chicken breast.Omaha Steaks offers the Chicken Cordon Bleu which is better for both the tastebuds and wallet .
 I guess I was looking for steak and cheese spring rolls but these did not have any cheese flavoring . Instead , they applied this awful sauce that ruined the whole roll . Do n't get me wrong , the meat was tender and delicious but as a complete package ... goodness that sauce ruined the whole taste experience . I wo n't be buying this particular product ever again but you may like the taste of this sauce so ... give it a try once , like I did !
 I got them for my wife for her birthday and she took one bite and said it does not taste like tiramisu .
 I picked this up at the grocery store thinking , oh this will make for a quick and cheap meal . That is was . As I ate it , I thought to myself this is pretty tasty considering it came right from the box . As the night went on , my stomach started to get very upset . It made me feel absolutely miserable . Stomach in knots , cramping , bloating , gas , diahrrea ... you know , the works . Consider this a fair warning for anyone considering trying this product .
 Not happy with the product . Once they were cooked the potatoes were flat and did n't look any thing like the product picture that was seen . The shipping cost as much as the potatoes did !
 For christmas I ordered some coupons from my daughters school for $ 30.00 off Ohama steaks . I was excited to try them as I have been bombarded with their ads for the last 2 years and I was ready to test them out . I went on-line and looked at their packages and was so looking forward to receiving my package of fine foods and cook them . I made my choice and fell for some of the last min . add-ons , by choice . I went to pay and use the gift cards and well you can only use one at a time , having 2 for $ 15.00 I naturally thought I was getting $ 30.00 off the total . With that said I was still willing to go ahead with the order . $ 129.00 later I had ordered one of the package deals and the add-ons . I received my order ups in 5-7 days packaged in a styro cooler . packaged in the cooler were several cardboard boxes with vacuumed packaged tiny steaks . I am a person who loves to grill and do so about 4 nights a week , so I know a little about meat , and how to cook it . First this is not high end Dry-aged meat or wet aged this is inferior to quality meat that can be bought at a good butcher . The steaks are about $ 30.00 a pound after shipping and the high prices . The Hamburgers are tiny frozen pucks that are dry . I am so disappointed in the quantity and quality , I really have no words to describe how disappointed I am with this whole deal . To top everything off I received a e-mail coupon for $ 20.00 off my next order so the coupon that I purchased was $ 5.00 more than on-line deals . Wow Do yourself a favor and spend your money in a good butcher shop of grocery store !!!
 My husband loves Mallomars but the delivery cost was very steep , especially considering they were delivered 21/2 months after I ordered them . I wo n't purchase from this company again .
 $ 12.95 plus $ 5.99 to ship ??!! That 's almost $ 19 for a box of cookies that costs about $ 4.59 in the store . Is this guy smoking something ? Are people buying these at this price ? These are a good cookie , but in no way are they worth $ 19 a box . Just another rip-off . There is even a much cheaper alternative right here on Amazon . Keep looking . You 'll find a much better deal than from this guy .
 I ordered this product because `` When Harry Met Sally '' is and has been my favorite movie for as long as I can remember . Billy Crystal 's character comments in a later scene in the movie that it 's New Years Eve ; he has Dick Clark , and Mallomars the greatest cookie of all time . I figured I should at least know what my favorite movie deemed the greatest cookie actually tasted like . Not only was it extremely hard to order -LRB- apparently they are only made in certain areas during certain seasons -RRB- but as several of my friends and I tried tem we agreed not the best of all time , but not really even that good . -LRB- Not fatties , but definitely cookie lovers -RRB- We ended up giving the rest of the boxes away . Very disappointed in Billy who I assumed was a pretty stand up honest guy !
 There is too much wine in the wine/butter sauce and very little meat in the ravioli . This dish is a waste of money .
 This product imparted a horribly bitter taste to the beverage I tried it in . The powder tasted bitter also when I tried it alone in order to isolate the culprit -- basically to ensure that another ingredient in the beverage or an interaction with another ingredient was not causing the bitterness . Attempts at exchange or refund were ignored .
 Omaha Steaks shipped these quickly and the product was well packaged . It cooked up well in the microwave when following the directions . Broccoli & cauliflower was absolutely yummy and delicious , but I was left wanting more . The serving size is ridiculously small considering the hefty price ... and I even got it on sale . The sale price is WAY too high for the two tiny servings .
 Based on the other review , which comments on the oily texture , we put in about half as much butter as is called for , and the texture is still not very good -LRB- mushy and grainy -RRB- , in comparison to Stove Top . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Ca n't honestly rate this item , as it was shipped to me with some sort of unidentifiable dark brown , sticky substance all over the outside of the jar and was disposed of immediately . The product might be good quality , however after reading ratings from this vendor , I would n't put anything edible from them in my mouth , they are downright nasty and should be investigated .
 This product imparted a horribly bitter taste to the beverage I tried it in . The powder tasted bitter also when I tried it alone in order to isolate the culprit -- basically to ensure that another ingredient in the beverage or an interaction with another ingredient was not causing the bitterness . Attempts at exchange or refund were ignored .
 This product imparted a horribly bitter taste to the beverage I tried it in . The powder tasted bitter also when I tried it alone in order to isolate the culprit -- basically to ensure that another ingredient in the beverage or an interaction with another ingredient was not causing the bitterness . Attempts at exchange or refund were ignored .
 I ordered these directly from the Omaha Steaks website and was really looking forward to getting 100 slices of precooked bacon . The price seemed good , after all , I would have to buy about 6 pounds of bacon from the supermarket to get 100 slices . But beware ... you do get 100 slices , but each piece is as thin as a piece of paper . The box that they come in clearly states 0.75 pounds -LRB- 12 ounces -RRB- . That 's all you get . They charge $ 30 and you do n't even get a pound of bacon . Now granted , it is cooked so I 'm sure some of the weight is cooked out , but you do n't even get 1 pound . Once heated the slices do n't even hold together . I love Omaha Steaks products , but I would n't pay more then ten dollars for this product .
 I thought I was getting the 200 count Ferrara Pan fireballs . However , there was no mention of Ferrara Pan on any of the packaging or candy wrappers . The package I got was 240 count and a bit smaller than I thought I had ordered . I compared to my daughter 's package that she got directly from Ferrara Pan and the spicy lasted longer than the ones I got from Bice which give you some fire but it goes away very quickly and you 're left with a bland tasting jawbreaker . We order these quite a bit through the year and this was my first with Bice and my last . Make sure you ordder the real thing and even though Bice markets on this site the Ferrara Pan name , the product makes no mention . All my other orders and my daughter 's orders have Ferrara Pan clearly marked on the container and each individually wrapped candy . Very misleading .
 The Container came all dented up , this is a gift , looks really bad , came in a box way to big .
 Product was opened and re-taped with clear box tape . Not cool at all . Last time UPS left on the porch while the sprinklers were on and it was completely soaked . Hit and miss with these . They are wonderful when you get the large size fireballs that are solid in the middle not so much so when you get the smaller ones or the softer ones that dissolve in your mouth readily and break when you bite on them . That is not what I would call a fireball .
 I 've loved these things for years ... but I wo n't buy any more ! They 're now being MADE IN MEXICO .
 While you get 200 large atomic fireballs , it does NOT come in the display jar pictured on the sales page . You get the clear plastic container which is the second customer-posted image . It is false advertising - the item description is Atomic Fireball JAR . So if you 're looking for something to display , do n't buy this .
 I 'm sorry to be a spoiler , but the tree I received is nothing like what the earlier reviewers apparently received . Theirs may look something like the photo , mine does n't . You be the judge . Mine came in a 4 '' diameter round pot , 3 '' high , with 21/2 '' of soil in it . My tree is not more than 51/2 '' tall from the soil line to the top . The foliage is no more than 1/3 that of the pictured tree , and the branches all extend from the top 1/2 '' of the trunk , virtually all of them horizontally . They are tiny . It will require a year or two of careful attention for mine to begin to approach the size and shape of the pictured tree . The tree arrived at the bottom of a tall shipping box , which had been filled with styrofoam `` peanuts , '' with no protection provided against crushing . Not surprisingly , one of the branches was bent and broken . Okay , it was only a $ 10 tree -LRB- plus postage -RRB- , but I doubt than anyone would have paid that much for it if they had seen it in a store . I 've given two stars , because it does appear to be a tree of the right species and it 's alive . I could send it back , but that sounds like a lot of trouble and like throwing good money after bad . I 'm a little concerned , because before this one arrived I had already ordered two other small trees at $ 15 each from Hirt 's Gardens , and I wonder what I will be getting .
 I was so disappointed . My local grocer 's generic brand tastes and pops better than this . It is kind of like eating packaging material with salt on it .
 Ordered through Amazon who had to order it through another company who did not send in a timely manner to be reached by the receiver by Christmas.I will not order things like this again .
 This product ships in great packaging and it looks good , but the taste ... horrible . In fact , there is not much one can do wrong with good fresh crab legs , just steam/boil , and freeze to ship . They added salt to the legs while cooking so much so that it tasted not only bad in my opinion , but my cat did not eat them either.So , save your money , and go to any local store that carries the king crab legs , I bet you they are not worse then the ones I had to throw away .
 King Crab , low quality , small legs . Can buy better quality king crab legs at my local supermarket.Would not purchase this product again .
 I am currently disputing this . Apparently the item was delivered to Tennessee , problem is I live in San Diego , Ca . but they still charged me . Not happy since it was supposed to be part of a gift basket ! I would actually not rate the product but it made me give some type of star rating !
 We received a flyer in the mail -- an assortment of foods , beef , pork , and these really awful stuffed sole with crab and scallops . Well , like a dummy , I bought the deal.So , perhaps the truth on Omaha Steaks
 The sole is okay but the stuffing is gross . It 's mostly breading and is really nasty in would never eat is again . My husband took 1 bite And could not eat anymore .
 When my wife and I first decided to try Omaha Steaks -LRB- I do n't know , perhaps we were bored -RRB- we did n't even consider what came in the package besides the steaks . When they first arrived I was honestly more interested in the package of dry ice than the measly 4oz bits of beef with so little marbling that they looked petri dish grown . Also in the cooler were some small pork chops , white hotdogs , mini beef slider patties , potato nuggets , and two big balls of butter in little plastic bags . Upon closer inspections -LRB- actually we had to read the box -RRB- we discovered that there was actually seafood inside that butter.A few months later I decided to try one -LRB- I do n't know , perhaps I was bored -RRB- . My wife however was not interested in experimenting with me . Turns out in this instance -LRB- as is almost always the case -RRB- she was in the right . After placing the butter ball into the pan with the required 2 tbsp of water and placing into the oven , I waited the minimum thirty minutes . I peeked into the oven to find what looked like a steamed piece of sole sitting in a puddle of watered down butter . Protruding from one end was what looked like pre-chewed fish stick slime , and it was growing . I decided to give it a couple minutes , just to be on the safe side . Checking every two minutes I left it in the oven for the full forty minutes stated as the maximum time in the instructions.As I reluctantly pulled the Sole Stuffed with ... something out of the oven , I considered that HEY , maybe it will taste better than it looks . The first bite I took was the `` stuffing '' smooshing out of one end of the sole . Sure enough , it was pre-chewed fish sticks ! The texture was slime with an over powering flavor of flour and water . Yep , paste ! I immediately abandoned the stuffing and attempted to eat the sole . As others have stated , the flavor was mild and nothing more than alright . The texture was rubbery with a baked on butter slime.Getting up from the table the only statement that came to mind was `` at least if someone we do n't like crashes a dinner party we 'll have something to feed them '' . Honestly , you 're better off buying fish sticks in your local grocer . At least they are n't pre-chewed .
 The fish is a bit rubbery and bland . Lots of garlic flavor , but no taste of shrimp at all . Not bad , but not good . I 'll stick to the steaks .
 We have had Omaha Steak products for years.We have had stuffed sole -LRB- crab and shrimp -RRB- that was very nice and convenient.This was awful . Not worth tasting . All we could taste was garlic . It was very buttery -LRB- ? -RRB- on the outside and alittle rubbery.Left a terrible , overwhelming after taste.We will not even ask for a replacement , which Omaha is not very good at doing anyway .
 Not good at all ! Sorely disappointed - Fish was rubbery - `` stuffing `` was gummy , garlicky and just plain bad . Will not order ever again . Furtherwhere was the `` shrimp ??
 I received 2 of these with my first ever Omaha steaks order and they turned out being the biggest disappointment so far out of everything included in my order , for a few reasons . 1 , the image is deceptive , because the stuffed sole looks nothing like the picture , but that 's typical marketing stuff and to be expected to some degree . 2 , these are n't really `` stuffed '' with scallops and crab meat . The stuffing is basically 97 % clumps of flavored bread or something , and there 's very little crab or scallops . 3 , the ingredients . The 3rd most used ingredient in these `` stuffed '' fillets is , as listed on their website `` INGREDIENTS
 I finally decided to order a package deal knowing I could get stuffed sole -LRB- scallops and crabmeat -RRB- with steaks as well as various other things . Tried the steaks first and while I was disappointed with the size I do say they are way more properly portioned than what I usually get . They are quite thin and are okay at best but definitely not worth the money . Next we tried the potatoes au gratin and I liked that they were different than the sliced stuff in a casserole dish I remember having as a kid -LRB- never liked them before -RRB- but these were potato balls and while they looked really good they fell short of what I was expecting and my expectations were not that high . One of those deals where the first bite is pretty good and it just goes down hill from there ~ by the time I was done with the first one I did n't care to eat the second one . They seemed like processed frozen food rather than a gourmet type item . I had just always thought `` Ohama Steaks '' and figured for the price everything would be that of a high-end steakhouse in quality but it is n't even in the ball park of a high-end steakhouse.So ... what has prompted me to finally write -LRB- I was n't going to -RRB- was tonight I tried the stuffed sole . I had one a while back `` just to see '' and while it seemed really bland it was so-so , so I thought I 'd prepare a side dish -LRB- my own mashed potatoes -RRB- with it this time and give it another shot . -LRB- I 'm a nut for anything crab and scallop . -RRB- Being hungry I baked 2 of them . Again I was disappointed with how bland it was but when I started finding BONES in my mouth that was it . BOTH of them had little bones.It was obviously a waste of time and money and I do n't even care about the rest of the food . I may try to see if I can give it away . I am simply not interested and having paid that much money for this stuff and it tasting like some cheap clearance item , not to mention the BONES !! That is just not acceptable to me . I 'm glad it was n't one of my kids eating it .
 We received these Omaha Steaks brand Coconut shrimp as a gift . I like coconut is some preparations -LRB- pina coladas , certain cookies -RRB- , but I do n't eat it as a snack . I enjoy the scent of natural coconut.Though these shrimp are edible , the coconut aroma and subsequent taste overpower anything else . Even from the oven , the only thing that I can smell is coconut . When eaten , they leave a strong aftertaste that for a while makes one wonder if by mistake you consumed a coconut-scented wax candle by mistake . This holds true even when drenched with cocktail sauce to try to drown out the coconut.I can not imagine that the overpowering odor is natural coconut , which I find to be pleasant . One of the listed ingredients is `` Artificial Flavor , '' which likely means that Omaha Steaks attempted to `` enhance '' the flavor in some way . Unfortunately , I ca n't tolerate the resulting smell , which is an integral part of the perceived flavor when eaten.In short , if you 're a huge coconut fan , or if your sense of smell is inoperative , then these might be for you . If you are an occasional consumer of coconut , then proceed with great caution .
 Cooking directions should be included with the description . These are `` pan fry only . '' I thought they could be baked . I ASSUMED , which was wrong . I 'm giving these to the neighbor .
 They have changed the ingredients from the original 1900s recipe to using today 's refinery based ingredients . My 3.5 year old son was fed these for a snack at church and he became incredibly irritable and violent the rest of the day . He was hitting other kids and his parents for no reason the rest of the day . He also had a horible sleep that night . He has a known corn sensitivity but no one expected that `` shortbread '' would have corn in it . It has the worst kind of corn which is high fructose corn syrup . That stuff is horrible for kids and based on my experiences with my son I think it causes a large amount of the behavior problems that kids have . Avoid this product until they remove the HFCS and go back to cane sugar .
 Although they are tasty , there were only 4 cookies in a pack . They are the size of a postage stamp . The cost per cookie is over $ .10 . The illustration on the package show 6 cookies spilling out of the package and implies that there will be more inside . This is clearly false advertising .
 Organic beans wrapped in `` Bisphenol A '' lined cansI went through the trouble to contact them and indeed they are using BPA lined cans.BPA is the same substance removed from plastic baby bottles , because it is rated dangerous.Many countries have already outlawed the use of BPA.To be fair it has to be said that more than 90 % of all manufactures of canned products in the US use epoxies containing BPAWhy ca n't an `` Organic '' manufacturer not go the extra mile?Buy Eden Food beans right here at Amazon.http : / / www.amazon.com/Eden-Organic-Pinto-Beans-15-Ounce/dp/B000GZW5MA/ref=pd_sbs_gro_7[...]
 I tried these coming from an Eden-made brand -LRB- Earth Fare , a store brand at a buck a can vs the $ 2-3 for a small can of Eden 's , which have their own issues if they are an old lot , which they often are at their costs , unlike the EF ones -RRB- ... The thing I noticed first is WOW I am draining a lot . NEVER bother with the 25 ounce cans , btw ; in trying those 3 times -LRB- 3 separate lots , one I had forgotten I had , the known-extra being on sale for two bucks -RRB- ... All 3 cans were over half liquid on top of beans that were not dry , actually the opposite despite 2013 expiration dates.I dislike the BPA since it is n't required for beans and ESPECIALLY because MOST beans are cooked IN THE CAN like cat food is ... I am anxiously waiting for -LRB- recyclable here -RRB- Tetra Paks of both Muir Glen tomatoes -LRB- Those DO need a liner -RRB- and beans -- pacific foods , any day now , cmon , you already do it with zip-tops on bean/lentil/pepper soup and such ... That grunt ignored , my review is really a quality issue . They are so broken they need delicate handling , and then , they absolutely do NOT work for cold salad type things or chili -LRB- their chili beans , though , are good for some reason and not totally full of water ; likewise , the beans with barley work great for soups/chili -RRB- ... Black beans as a solo product apparently are simply harder to make ; Eden 's are all stuck together which becomes a major issue when they have been on a shelf for months ; westbrae are full of murky water -LRB- seriously , when is a can of beans more water than bean ?? I thought MAYBE it was like dry beans & water ; , but even if that is n't the case , there is still so much water it is ridiculous -- in black beans in particular -- and why use dry ones instead of canning when fresh anyway ? Even the old southern brand Luck 's does -- or at least DID -- that ; be sensible and have factories near the produce and voil&agrave; , the crazy lack of `` localness '' of it will only be them to us , not farm to drying place to warehouse to canning site to us ! -RRB-
 The cans arrived so badly damaged that I am concerned about getting botulism . They have been badly damaged , and yet the damage did not occur in transit to me . The goods were apparently returned from stores as being too damaged to be sold and are then sold online . I 'm sure Amazon gets a good discount on the damaged goods but then charges the consumer the full amount . They cans are so out of round that I wo n't be able to use an electric can opener on many of them . They are also hard to stack because of the huge dents . I wo n't get getting any more foodstuffs from Amazon .
 I bought a bunch of these at Whole Foods . I used 25 ounce cans and could n't believe how much water it was . I ended up using up 3 to make the dish I wanted . It was so watery and checked the label again . WEll , I guess it 's my fault for not reading it in the first place
 I chose Westbrae 's canned beans because they are organic . However , since then I 've discovered that Westbrae uses cans with BPA in the lining . With BPA lining the cans and research showing solid levels leeching from cans and plastics into containers ' contents , showing up in Americans ' blood streams from infants to the elderly , I do n't think the product can still be called organic ! it is n't any better than products sprayed with pesticides , which can be washed off many foods -LRB- not all , though -RRB- . Until Westbrae stops using BPA lined cans or stops claiming the organic label and charging organic prices , I ca n't give high marks.As additional information : I ordered a lot of food and other items when I made this purchase , thinking everything I ordered was from Amazon ; but , while everything else Was shipped by Amazon , for some reason this one product ended up shipped by Nutricity.Nutricity charged more for the shipping than they did for the product , which amounted to $ 3.49 per can . At those prices , even without BPA in the cans ' lining , these beans would not be worth that price ! -LRB- I emailed Nutricity twice and they ignored me . I emailed Amazon twice , and after the second time , Amazon refunded the shipping charge due to `` the circumstances '' of the order . -RRB-
 I purchased it to make iced tamarind beverages which my friends & family like but I got tired of peeling & seeding fresh tamarinds , not to mention that it 's not always available , so I thought I 'd try this . What a mistake ! Perhaps it 's OK to cook with , IDK , I threw it out .
 This was a very mediocre cheesecake -- with an overly-dry and overly-thick crust all around it . the cake itself was bland and It is also very , very small -- it will serve six only if you give everyone a sliver . If it had been rich , creamy and flavorful that would have been acceptible , unfortunately that was not the case . For the price , I expected something better than what you could get at the local bakery -- but even the supermarket variety is better .
 I was looking for a different kind with the same brand . A softer kind by sunkist . I suppose they do n't make them any more but I have found another manufacturer who has produced a gummy that is soft and healthy . I will be using the new company from now on .
 There are lots of choices in fruit snacks and thought I would give this a try . Well , these stick to your teeth when you are eating them . They taste good but not as real tasting as the others like minute maid . If you are like me that hates the ones that stick , then avoid these ! What AM I going to do with the 99 pouches I have left ?
 These are the worst gummy sharks I have ever had , and I usually love gummy sharks . These sharks taste like medicine . Nobody should buy them . Sorry , it 's the truth .
 4C Ice Tea Mix , Peach , 28 Quart , 74.2-Ounce Canisters -LRB- Pack of 3 -RRB- This had no taste of Peach at all . Returned for refund .
 I LOVE Patak 's mixed pickles , but the seller shipped the mixed relish instead of the mixed pickles . This also happened to my friend . There is a huge difference in the pickles and the relish . The relish is delicious , but it is not what I wanted . I ca n't find the pickles anywhere now . They are n't even listed on Patak 's web site , so they may have discontinued this item .
 What arrived at my door was not the mixed pickle which I ordered by the pickle relish , an entirely and utterly differnt Patak product which I find useless at best and unpleasant at worst . This is clearly a case of misleading advertising .
 I tried the Tuna Cake Mix , added tuna Disappointed ! I then added crab to a batch , since the main ingridence is the same for tuna , or crab . Still the same , not what I expected . Your better off making these from scratch .
 These looked wonderful and were a birthday present for a close friend . When they came the foil was all stuck to the candy . We tried to unwrap a couple and it made a bigger mess with the paper sticking terribly to the candy . In the end we were able to taste the tiniest piece which just made us more disappointed and angry since it was delicious . We would never order these again or do business with this company . And living in Florida was not the problem since we paid BIG prices for the candy and shipping , it was not hot and the package was literally put in our hands from the truck , so it did n't sit outside . Big Big disappointment .
 The waffles were not very good at all . They were small and dry . They looked like a Belgian waffle but that is as far as it goes . We have come back from Brussels with waffles purchased from the grocery store . These were not even close . Bottom line ... do n't waste your money ... an Ego maybe better .
 I am a FULL-ON tea drinker . I drink green tea and black tea all day long and when it comes to my breakfast tea , it HAS to be a one-two punch or I 'll revert back to my bad coffee habit . I quit about a year ago but I do still ache for that incomparable aroma that only coffee can give !! I am having a pretty good go of my Twinings Breakfast Tea and TAZO 's Awake still does it for me but I 'm always on the look-out for a stronger breakfast tea and TAYLOR 's is NOT IT ! I wa n't the equivalent of starbucks for my black tea so sometimes I double-up on the tea bags . I could have dumped the entire box of Taylor 's in my cup and it still would have been too meek and mild for me . So , if you enjoy a cup of flavored water with a tinge of black food coloring , this is just the tea for you : -RRB-
 These looked wonderful and were a birthday present for a close friend . When they came the foil was all stuck to the candy . We tried to unwrap a couple and it made a bigger mess with the paper sticking terribly to the candy . In the end we were able to taste the tiniest piece which just made us more disappointed and angry since it was delicious . We would never order these again or do business with this company . And living in Florida was not the problem since we paid BIG prices for the candy and shipping , it was not hot and the package was literally put in our hands from the truck , so it did n't sit outside . Big Big disappointment .
 Let me start by saying that I am a big fan of Britt coffees and Costa Rican coffees . I do n't have an issue with the product or the price for the product . My beef is with the outrageous shipping charge for a 12 oz . sealed bag of coffee . That was about $ 10 . The coffee cost $ 9.50 . The shipping box was big enough to hold ten bags of coffee . Why not just a sturdy envelope ? I will definitely find Costa Rican coffee in my local area and buy from a brick & stick store . Usually I try to offset the state sales tax -LRB- 8.25 % in the DFW area -RRB- with the shipping and handling charge . There seems to be a trend of increasing shipping and handling costs . Local sales tax on this purchase would have been in the range of $ 0.80 . Soon we will all be paying sales tax AND shipping charges through on internet sales unless something keeps us from paying ANOTHER tax which will surely affect the internet market . Anyway , just my 2 cents worth . No more Britt through Amazon for me .
 I am a huge fan of Spiru-Tein , and was looking for some variety , as I typically do the vanilla . This flavor really missed the mark . It tastes more like burnt marshmallow than anything . There 's no chocolaty element to it at all .
 I had high hopes for this jerky based on the other review I read . However I think they need to rename this product . It is described as Cajun and hot . It was sweet like candy and had absolutely no heat to it . I would say more like sweet Teriyaki.I think this recipe needs a redo . Jerky should not be this sweet . The bag of jerky I bought was passed around to 5 other people who all said it was too sweet . I spent 8 dollars on a bag and threw it in the trash . Very disappointed . If I could give you zero stars I certainly would.I can not recommend this to anyone and will not buy any of your products .
 Black Jacks were my absolute favorite candy when I was a kid and still would be if they were still available . The original candy was NOT brown and had the consistency of high quality taffy . What you sell tastes like a cheap imitation !
 This seller is very tricky , I got 6 boxes of 24 bars -LRB- total 144 bars -RRB- and I have to finish them before 2/3/2011 . I need to eat around 4 bars everyday -LRB- weekends too -RRB- in order to meet the dead line . Very bad situation .
 Even though the granola bars were months from expiring they seem stale . I wonder if they were stored in an over-heated warehouse . I 've had much better .
 I checked the local store . The price is the same as amazon . and you donot need to buy a huge bulk .
 I opened this box and they were packed in strangely . I took all the boxes out and there were only 5 in the box . What can I do , because I ca n't really prove it . The bars are fresh and good , but I was very disappointed that it was a taped up box that only had 5 boxes in it .
 FYI
 The item is excellent but your grocery service stinks . The product was almost out of date when I received it . I will never order anything , not only groceries , from you again .
 I only liked the raspberry lemonade flavor so it was a waste of money for me since you have to buy so many at a time . I wish I could get the original lemon flavored ones but I guess they do n't make them anymore . That was my favorite flavor .
 If you are ordering you probably already know what this is . I thought maybe because it had a lot of nuts it would be a healthier type of candy bar , but its not . aside from being pure sugary caramel , the nuts are salty . i dunno who would combine salted nuts with pure sugar like this , but it doesnt taste that great and makes me feel ill after eating it because its just not healthy ingredients . I read that they used to have a high protein version of this called payday pro , but i cant find that . dont think this is any healthier than your average candy bar like I did .
 Beverly Sakura Fortune Cookies , 350 Count Individually Wrapped CookiesSold by
 I love fortune cookies and was very dissapointed when the case of cookies arrived with about 90 % of them broken . They are not individually wrapped and had expiration dates of August 2007 , needless to say I returned them . Very stale and crushed . The brand was not Beverly Sakura , It was Wing Hing Noodle Co. .
 The cookies come in a dish of about 10 cookies each . They are not wrapped individually . They were also a little stale tasting .
 This is my favorite candy but I found out they use cochineal for the pink coloring . Cochineal are beetles scraped from cacti , dried and crushed . I do n't eat food with bugs in it . It 's a shame they do n't change it because these are SO delicious .
 I only ordered these because the picture showed the square lollipops . VERY DISAPPOINTED . I love the square and heart shaped . The round are just too large and I could have bought them locally anyway if that was what I wanted . I better be able to cancel the subscription ! I DO N'T WANT TO RECEIVE THESE UNLESS THEY ARE AS PICTURED .
 Photo of product showed flat , square lollipops , the reason they were purchased . Actual product received were large , round pops . Customer service was great , however , and refunded my payment .
 new round lollipops not the same taste . very bland.advice
 ITEM IS LISTED AND SHOWN AS SQUARE POPS ... ARRIVED AS `` ROUND '' . AND I BOUGHT 12 BAGS NOT REAL HAPPY .
 The picture showed the square lolipops which is the only reason I ordered them . When received they were like dum dum suckers . I think thats bull to show a picture of the good suckers but send an entirely different product .
 Where are the square pops shown on the package ? Bring them back . They were better . And no cherry flavored in 2 of the bags ! Get it together , Hersheys .
 I ordered these and received less than 300 . Some of the packages had holes in them and melted bags . I contacted the supplier and they did nothing to resolve the issue . I would not order from them again .
 When I lived in Arizona , I used to buy dehydrated Refried Beans from the bulk section in New Frontiers , and it was great!I 'm living in Chicago for the moment , and so I needed to find a good substitute for my New Frontier 's refried bean mix.I am writing this review to WARN you that I DID NOT find a good substitute with this product.The consistency is good , thus the 2 stars , but that 's about all that 's good about it.First of all , the prepared beans have no taste.But the worst part is that Amazon and the product listing do n't tell you that one of the ingredients is TBHQ.I only discovered this because I started to have a reaction about a half hour after eating the beans.I got itchy joints , waves of nausea , weak muscles , sleepiness , voracious thirst , cotton mouth ... I thought I would find MSG on the side of the package , because those are symptoms I get after eating MSG.But then I saw that the preservative was TBHQ , which I had not heard of before . I did some research and found out that many people have MSG-similar reactions to TBHQ.This product also contains soybean oil , and I do my best to avoid anything with soy.You may not be sensitive to these ingredients , but I wish someone had written a review mentioning this because if they had , I would n't have ordered the product.I am now stuck with 7 more allergy-inducing packages of this stuff .
 I would never have purchased this product if I had realized that it contains interesterified oil . From Dr. Weil 's website
 These beans taste good and are pretty easy to prepare . Salt content is too high . The real problem is that the vendor may have become a bit too greedy and raised the price significantly . At around $ 16 bucks , they seemed to be an ok deal . Now that they 're nearly $ 20 , I 'm not so sure . I could buy 25 cans of 79 cent refried beans for $ 20 that do n't need reconstituting , have less salt , and work just as well .
 I usually use canned refried beans when I am in a hurry with Mexican dishes , or if I have the time . . make my own from scratch . This product is AWWWFULL . They look great , but have a very funny , very strong , off-putting taste . Not sure what it is but will be returning the remainder of the order ... ruined my entire dinner . . YUK !!!!
 This product contains the food industry 's replacement for trans fat
 I 've been munching on these for about 2 weeks because the tin shows in nice big dark letters at the bottom of the lid `` Cinnamon '' . I 've recently been diagnosed with adult onset diabetes and read some urban legends that talked about the possible benefits of cinnamon helping to stabilize or lower blood sugar.One day I noticed in the lower left hand corner , in light gold lettering the words Artificially Flavored . Now , why would you need to `` artificially '' flavor a cinnamon mint ? So , I went on a search for the true ingredient . The first thing I noticed is that if I keep eating these I 'm going to need to switch to the diet version since the first ingredient -LRB- and therefore the largest component -RRB- is sugar . Not a substantial amount -LRB- 10 calories in 3 pieces -RRB- but still might as well cut it where I can.But then I move down the list and it does n't say anything about cinnamon as an ingredient . So , I like these but I ca n't find anywhere , on any website , that indicates that the `` artificial flavor '' has anything to do with cinnamon . I found one website that indicated that it also contain `` natural flavors '' but that 's a man-made laboratory generated flavor made from `` natural '' chemicals so I 'm not sure I 'm filled with confidence on that end if I do find that on the label.So , if anyone can tell me if the Cinnamon Altoids actually contains cinnamon I 'd appreciate it . Until then I guess I 'm stuck with sprinkling cinnamon -LRB- the real stuff -RRB- on my oatmeal in the mornings .
 I have been a huge fan of Altoids for years . I have enjoyed the peppermints , the apple sours , and even the tangerine sours . That is why I was so surprised at my reaction to these . They actually burned my mouth and made me gag . I ate only part of one and had to throw the rest away .
 I purchased these candies because a reviewer stated they had `` no laxative effect like other '' candies.I do n't believe I have ever experienced a worse laxative effect from ANY candy.Yes they taste good . But after only two servings -LRB- 8 pieces / 70 calories -RRB- I experienced horrible side effects.I was not positive they were the cause so I tried them on three separate occasions and had the same results.Perhaps different people respond differently but I can certainly attest to the nasty side effects based on my own experience .
 The product description says apple , blue raspberry -LRB- not in the bag -RRB- , cherry -LRB- not in the bag -RRB- , watermelon , and grape . This is what is actually in the package apple -LRB- like 2 per a bag -RRB- , grape -LRB- way to many -RRB- , raspberry -LRB- again way to many and looks like grape -RRB- and watermelon -LRB- more than apple but still less than the crappier ones -RRB- .
 These sugar free jolly ranchers have no flavor . I love the regular apple flavor , but the sugar free tastes like nothing . The sugar free life savers are much better .
 The taste is excellent . You 'll want to eat another.Later , you 'll experience the most amazing abdominal swelling . You 'll swell like Violet Beauregard in Willy Wonka . I thought I was going to explode . I heard things rattling around inside me . It was weird . It hurt a lot , too.That lasted for a couple of hours.And then I began creating my own hole in the ozone layer , unleashing a series of enormous farts that continued unabated for hours . That part was sort of entertaining .
 These candies taste a little different than the real thing , but close enough . If you eat more than a couple , you 'll be sorry ... Unless you 're constipated , then your problems will be over !
 I do not believe that this is the same gum from years ago . It has a terribly sweet synthetic overpowering smell . I discovered that I am allergic to one or more of it 's ingredients . The flavor lasts about 60 seconds and then it 's like chewing a big wad of rubber . Since this is non-returnable , it is going in the trash . I gave the gum one star because at least it is still made here in the U.S.A.
 The only thing that impressed me was the speed to prepare -- the so-called brownie was like a piece of kids chocolate cake with the choco syrup -- you can do better at the Little Debbie shelf at the local supermaket . The price was absurd if it was on a half price discount and then I would be looking for an ice cream coupon . Sorry folks , not worth the money .
 I would not buy them again , but if you are desperate for a dessert and do n't have anything else prepared , it would probably satisfy your cravings . Do n't plan to serve it to guests though .
 I am so disappointed -- Betty Crocker changed the recipe . This is not the product advertised . This new recipe can no longer be made with egg whites , and now it calls for the addition of butter ! In the old recipe , I had finally found something I could indulge in without the added fat and cholesterol . The egg whites made it so light I could eat cake as a snack or as a dessert without feeling overly full . This recipe is very ` heavy ' . I issued a complaint on -LSB- ... -RSB- and was told that it was changed due to consumer poles -LRB- ? -RRB- . If anyone prefers the healthier recipe as I do , please contact them and let them know that Change is NOT ALWAYS GOOD ! -LRB- Amazon , update your description ! -RRB-
 I find this to lack flavor -- surprising , since I like most Betty Crocker products . It is easy to store & prepare , however ... and does well when served with a highly-flavored sauce .
 I was excited about making this box of goodness . I love pretty much every other `` helper '' box that Betty Crocker makes , but was thoroughly disappointed by this.Preparation was easy as can be . The taste however is sub par to say the least . I do n't know why everybody thinks that in order to make something `` Asian '' you have to add a ton of salt . This was unbearably salty . I 'm sorry I wasted two chicken breasts making this.I 'm not totally knocking this because it was easy to make , and the concept is good . I would suggest that people only use about half the seasoning pack to try to cut down on the nasty saltiness . I may give this another shot doing just that , but so far it 's left a bad taste in my mouth .
 I tried to cook this meal for my family because we have always enjoyed the original fried rice dinner . I had to throw it out because the smell of the seasoning was horrific !!!! I knew that if we could n't handle the smell we would n't be able to handle the taste . I wo n't be purchasing another product like this at all.BTW
 I bought this product thinking that it would be just as tasty as the delicious dried Mango slices I had in the past . I carefully checked the ingredients just to be sure . Sadly , these dried mango slices taste like really bad mushrooms and are tough as rawhide . I am hoping that I can chop them up and use them in a recipe that will disguise the taste . For snacking , I recommend SunSweet Dried Mango Slices . Also , if you can get your hands on any brand of dried Mango slices imported from the Philippines , you ca n't go wrong .
 Since when do `` the finest ingredients '' include corn syrup and gelatin ? My kids brought some of this stuff home from Valtentines day at school ... Mars wisely decided not to put the ingredients on the packaging , so here I am online to find out what 's in it ... and I have to say I was very angry when I read the description & ingredients here . This should n't be given to children ; the only creatures suited to eat this garbage are bottom-feeders and certain types of bacteria . Straight to the garbage with this .
 Amazon sent me the wrong thing -LRB- separate packages of cranberries , tart cherries , and bing cherries -- not a dried fruit mixture as advertised -RRB- but seeing the ingredient list on these is enough to have me avoid the Melissa brand altogether . Ingredients include high fructose corn syrup , sucrose , juice concentrate , partially hydrogenated oil . Yuck .
 The best thing about Melissa 's dried blueberries is the plastic bag it comes in which you can reseal . The ingredients are whole blueberries and high fructose corn syrup . A serving is 1/3 of a cup -LRB- 2 servings per 3 oz package -RRB- . Each serving contains 22g of sugar and the total carbs are 34 % . That 's a lot for 1/3 of a cup of blueberries . They offer 2 % vitamin A , no vitamin C or iron , and 6 % calcium . I bought them to snack on but will try them in cooking after cutting back on other sugar before I throw them out .
 I purchased these taco shells for a large party . Over half of the shells were damaged in shipping and brooken in half along their spine . I kept the undamaged shells and they tasted fine .
 I thought I ordered Original Bazooka as it says on the picture of the gum bucket and the title of the product in Amazon ... read way down on the page in the fine print and you get the assorted flavors . I did not see that fine print . I ordered the product and in my order again it listed Original Bazooka . The package arrived and it was assorted . When I contacted Amazon , the rep looked and pointed out the fine print down below . I threw the tub away as even the original does not taste like original because the fruity flavor takes over . I was so disappointed I have not ordered anything from Amazon since -- both the vendor and Amazon could have been more clear about what I was purchasing . The picture and title should match the product .
 Bazooka had the best bubble gum ever . So , why mess with it ? Do n't know , but it 's no where near as good as it was . The texture , size and flavor have ALL been altered , for the worse . I wo n't be buying it again . So disappointed
 This bubble gum does not remotely taste like it should and it will not even blow a bubble . May be too old . I am disgusted .
 This was NOT the bubble gum I remember from my childhood . The color was wrong , way too red and the taste was just WRONG . I was thoroughly disappointed.The claim is that it is the ` original ' Bazooka ; NOT !!!!!!!
 This approaches fraud . The formula has changed
 I chewed a lot of Bazooka bubblegum as a kid . This does n't taste like it , or smell like it . Period !!! Not even in the ballpark , I 'm Not happy !
 These tortillas were dry and brittle even though the expiration date was far in the future . We ended up donating them to a food bank here because they were not high quality .
 I bought these for my sister to make scented rice bags to use for aching muscles . The lavender did not have much of a scent at all .
 It took nearly a month to get this.It said 7 days . I needed it sooner and they did n't come through for me .
 I work for Heinz and bought this as a funny item to add to a gift bag for a co-worker ; however , the packaging pictured here is not the same as what I received . Pictured here , the name stands out and has a funny impact ; the cans I received were slightly re-worded so the phrase `` spotted dick '' was lost in the middle of the phrase `` Taste of Home Delightful Spotted Dick Pudding '' with all words having the same size and style of font . It 's almost as if they deliberately wanted to remove the perhaps unintentional shock value the original packaging had . Sadly , that 's why I purchased it !
 I expected more Lobster flavor from this Progresso Product and I felt the Lobster flavor was very weak and I did n't see a speck of Lobster meat in the sauce . Although the sauce was good my guests thought that they were eating regular Spaghetti sauce and were not aware that it was a Seafood Sauce . There is a need for improvement .
 All cans dented . That 's how they manage a good price on this I guess
 Look at the nutritional info , * Its like eating a bag of potato chips and a stick of butter with a little velveeta thrown in for health . I love that it has Yellow # 5 , Yellow # 6 and Red # 40 to give it that realistic old fashioned cheese color .
 We bought the gourmet food and snacks gift basket as a birthday present.My wife talked to the recipient on the day of her birthday and she was delighted , but ... A second phone call several days later included mention of the gift . `` Where did you get this ? '' she asked . `` Do n't waste your money again '' . According to her report , the gift was mostly boxes , boxes within boxes , and little content.Getting accurate feedback from those who receive gift baskets and similar products is problematic -- the recipient -LRB- unlike our friend ! -RRB- is usually concerned about hurting the feelings of the giver when they are disappointed .
 The folks who received it told me to ask for a credit . Stale and terrible looking . I did get the requested credit .
 I probably wo n't get this product again . It was ok but barely . It was smaller than I gathered from the photo and the assortment of food items inside were ok but no more than products I could have bought at the local grocery store.Not a bad gift but not something I would recommend .
 I gave this as a Christmas gift for my brother in Arizona . Because I have never used this service before I asked him for feedback . He said the products were not very good and seemed skimpy . I will be going back to Harry and David in the future.T Lynch Tucson
 I ordered this for my &#34; have everything &#34; father-in-law because he loves snacks himself and shares them with visitors . Fortunately , I had this sent to me instead of shipping it to him because he would have told me it was wonderful and I would n't have known the truth . I suspect that this has happened to quite a few buyers who gave this as a gift and the recipient did n't complain so the buyers wrote a good review . It is absolutely NOT overflowing with goodies as stated in the description . The picture is very misleading . The basket is not nearly as full as the picture shows . I could have put together a larger basket with more variety for less money . We ended up buying a few more items from a local shop and putting them into the box with the basket . I would have returned it if it had arrived at our home sooner . It took it quite a bit more time to ship than other items ordered on the same day and we received it four days before Christmas .
 I do n't like it because the taste of product is bad , but the look is nice to provide a gift .
 I bought 3 baskets at the same time but on different invoices . The delivery on this one is really screwed . First of it was delayed.Secondly the UPS states they left in front of the door . The office is a working office and there are people inside all the time . The client says they did not receive it at all . I do not understand why the guy did not open the door.Man what A Scam . I shall at least 100 times before I consider it again next year . They should improve the delivery . The relationship with the client did not improve which was the main purpose .
 This basket was VERY small ... nothing like the photo . . although the contents was good , it did n't make a big impression upon delivery .
 I did n't care for these . It tastes like old salty ham and that horrible clove oil used for tooth aches . It 's disgusting . I couldnt even eat it past half way . I actually had to get up and brush my teeth .
 Do not waste your time ... The `` beef sticks '' are not good . The flavor is fake and nothing like a real beef stick . The texture will almost make you gag . You do not even need to chew these beef sticks . There is a reason why you can get this amount of volume at the price . Not worth it .
 These beef sticks taste very odd , and I 'm not sure how to describe it . They 're super-oily , which is gross , and the jalapeno/cheese ones have a lot of spice , which is okay . They just taste strange and have a weird texture . Try Ostrim beef sticks instead , they are far superior !
 I 'm sure plenty of folks would love this product but it 's not for me . It 's a little bland and a little too sugary for me . When I say a little , I do mean a little . It 's not extremely bland or really sugary but I like a stronger stick with more spice . Maybe they assumed I was a sissy for ordering the turkey sticks . I was hoping for a healthier version of the stuff I like .
 These sticks are not what I expected . I like the fact that they do n't contain MSG , but they are quite spicy to be `` pepperoni flavored '' , and I really do n't detect anything that tastes like pepperoni . It would be more accurate to simply call them `` pepper flavored beef sticks '' . As ` pepper flavored beef sticks ' , I give them a 6 on a scale of 1 to 10 . I do n't care for the texture -LRB- kind of mushy -RRB- , and they have a little bit of a greasy flavor to them , as well .
 By far the saltiest dry plums I have ever had . I 've had plenty of salted dry plums and like them to snack on . but these I cant even keep in my mouth or anything . Maybe use them for cooking or something but I threw out the bags I bought .
 If you like your seeds with absolutely no salt -LRB- not that I could detect anyway , although the label says 5mg sodium per serving , essentially none -RRB- , and chewy/rubbery rather than crunchy , these are for you . For the rest of us , pass these by . The `` subtly sweet '' advertisement was way too subtle for me to detect.El Sabroso Pumpkin Seeds -LRB- also on Amazon -RRB- are definitely tastier , although still a bit light in the salt department -LRB- and no , I do NOT like the frequent store bought seeds that have 3 pounds of salt on each shell -RRB- . At least they are crunchier , tastier , and do n't feel like you 're chewing on a tire . El Sabroso 's are , however , much smaller seeds .
 These Tamarindo fruit are not fresh . . in fact . . I could n't even eat them . They may have been salvagable if I used them to make juice . I would n't reccommend this product .
 These had a very gross after taste that I could not get out of my mouth . I purchased the honey-stung , not going to order again .
 What they do n't tell you
 This taste horrible . I will never buy this product ever again and waist of my money . I love Venison , and I have tried venison Jerky in Montana ... . this is nothing near to any of the Venison that I have ever tried . Horrible after taste . Stupid me I bought Two of these , over Fifty Dollars .
 xmas gift for my son . everyone in the room said it smelled awful when he opened the bag . he had enjoyed venison jerky in the past-he hated this stuff !
 I waited a week to open the bag because the meat inside looked dubious . When I did open it I got a very strong smell of spoil and the tubes themselves were very greasy . I got sick to my stomach after eating no more than two bites of one of the tubes . The taste was strongly chemical and of rot .
 I purchased these not knowing they were `` chopped and formed '' . The picture of the package did NOT show this although when received it was right on the front of the package . They were mushy and not good and I put them in the garbage .
 Not very good and got moldy pretty quickly . Ended up feeding it to the dog . : -LRB-
 i wouldnt call it venison jerky i would call it meat flavored rubber strips . not very good but i do like the other jerky products from them
 This jerky is very very bad . Its so salty that u ca n't actually taste the jerky . The meat seems to be very rubbery with no taste whatsoever .
 Walmart charged 1.33 a bag and you are charging 4.17 a bag ? I love and miss them , butttt at that price I do n't need them . Thanks anyway .
 When I opened the package one of the individual packages was glued into the flaps of the box . I opened one package and put it in my usual sealed storage container . After a day , they stank to high heaven . They seemed swollen , as if heat or moisture had gotten to them even though each candy in each bag is individually wrapped The taste was terrible . I 've thrown them all away - too much trouble to return . The lot I got was from Amazon LLC . I 've been buying regular LifeSavers for a long time without problems -LRB- except they ca n't seem to find a supplier for Wild Berry regular -RRB- . LifeSavers Sugar Free Sorbets , Arctic Berry Hard Candy , 2.75-Ounce Bags -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB-
 Have you ever tried a mint while also adding a sweet candy to the mix ? I do n't recommend it , because it tastes terrible . I was reminded of that awful taste when I tried this candy . When you first try it , it tastes quite good , tangy . But then it turns nasty from there , its like chalk and it is by far the worst candy I have ever tasted in my life . Im lucky bc I got this on the 2 for 1 deal of wrigleys so I didnt lose $ on it . Still , only 3 candies of the entire box of the entire package was eaten - i ate 2 in case it was just a bad flavor , and my sister ate one to see if she liked it , and we both agreed they were probably the worst candy ever made .
 OK ... so I do love lifesavers . But I do n't want to have to fight to open the stupid packaging of every single one of them . What 's up with that ? I have arthritis and this is a real chore trying to eat these things .
 Ordered these for a ice fishing trip , where we sit in a shack drink beer and eat strong flavored food . These were so so bad not one of my 5 friends or me could eat them . Not even on a dare and we were eating all kinds of picketed foods and smelly cheeses all weekend .
 VERY DISAPPOINTED - HAS A SOAP TASTE - GOING TO THROW ALL OF THEM IN THE TRASH ! AS ANOTHER REVIEWER STATED MAYBE THEY DO USE DOG FOOD - MY DOG WALKED AWAY FROM ONE
 Extremely disappointed in the quality of meat . More the texture of dog food in my opinion , and I have bought pickled sausages from around the country since 1972 . Whoever wrote the review touting the quality of meat must either work there or own stock in the company . Whomever , I have a few cans of rib eye steak in a can that I will sell you for a good price .
 High rating left me with high hopes . A case of these things arrived and I was giddy to say the least . Tearing into the package , I took a bite . It was horrible . Tasted like card board . Figured maybe it was a dud , I later tried another . Again , same taste.While at work , my roommate who is a huge fan of pickled sausages wanted to try it . I told him to try it and give it a 1 - 10 rating . He rated it a zero , and said it tasted like dog food.My sister wanted to try it , so I let her try it . She spit it out and threw the thing away , saying it tasted god awful.I had my mother try it . She took a bite , leaned out the window and spit it out . I threw away that one too . She said it tasted like rubber.Out of four pickled sausages I have had , I rate these the lowest . Its simple horrible . I 'm not sure what to do with the remaining case . If no one likes them , I do n't see how I can get rid of them without just tossing them , and I hate wasting food like that . Maybe the cats under my house will eat it ... Maybe the whole thing is a dud . Maybe these things are 50 years old and near expiration . I do n't know . Maybe its just that our family and friends have our own taste . Whatever it is , its horrible .
 The box around the cheese was broken and the other items were spread all over the box . I expected the box to be made out of wood and not jus plain carboard for that price . It was a very importend good-bye gift , but in that state it did n't look like that at all . I was very sad .
 I am not a coffe expert by no means , but my husband loves coffee and he said it had a `` weird '' after taste , what ever that means , so he was very unimpressed of the ` ole New York tradition . I can not verify his review , because he says and I quote : '' Lisa likes a little coffee with her cream and sugar ! But if you have been to NY and loved their coffee , this wil be the product for you .
 I 'm waiting ??? In stock ... but not send ??? why ??? The products are in stock but have spent many days waiting to be sent ... had never been so slow ... not that half-written ... could please tell me what happens ? thanks
 Some boxes have one mint , some have 3 , some have 5 ... some of the people that got them were pretty upset with the inconsistent way they were packaged , as well was I !
 What you really have here is , too much money and a need to , throw some of it away to pay this price ... Give me a break - $ 25.00 for 1 lbs . of Wis. . Cheddar cheese . ? I am not saying anything at all against Wisconsin Cheese , it 's great stuff ! Just not worth $ 25.00 a pound no matter where it 's made or comes from ...
 This was my second time trying turkish delight . I have tried it at a friend 's home and thought that it was not bad . My friend had gotten it from a friend who bought it somewhere in Wales . I decided to buy the product myself , but I did not know where to purchase it . However , I was disappointed with the product that I had purchased because it did not taste the same as my friends . Amazon did a fine job at delivering the product , but the product was not at all what I had expected . I rate this a `` 1 star '' because I would not purchase this particular brand again . Maybe some other company may do a better job with this product . Thank you .
 Did not like the taste of the tea . It tastes a bit like it 's been on the shelf for quite a while , hence such a discount maybe ? Will not buy again . The box does look a bit cheap , although I bought it for myself , so I did n't care that much . Definitely would not give it as a gift to someone .
 I am very disappointed in the quality of the teas in that lovely box . They all taste the same ! I had never heard of Bentley Tea and do n't expect to again . Now what do I do with 120 teabags that have no flavor?The box will make a nice jewelry container when I 'm done .
 The tea was good , But I was looking for a box to keep around for a while and the felt lining hardly hides the fact that it 's a cheap particle board box .
 I received this tea box as a gift from a coworker . I 'm a big tea drinker and I 've tried many brands and varieties of tea . The tea tasted weak and stale to me . The wrappers are a thin paper , and that might be a contributing factor to the decline in taste . I tried every flavor once and now the box just sits in my cabinet . I feel that Bigelow 's tea is far superior to Bentley 's and would avoid drinking Bentley 's in the future .
 I bought this to serve tea with a beautiful presentation for special dinners and I am pretty disappointed . The book looks nice until you get close to it and touch it . It 's wood laminate NOT wood and has a light , cheap appearance . I do n't know how the tea tastes , but the box definitely disappointed me .
 This is by far the nastiest thing I have ever put in my mouth ... My husband who will eat anything and I mean anything , even if he does n't like it just so food does n't go to waste , could not even stomach this . He told me to take it out of the fridge and just dump out the entire bottle .
 I tried this sauce with high hopes because so many people raved about it . All I can say is ... YUCK ! It tastes like ketchup with cinnamon . I was very disappointed and will never purchase this product again .
 Yeah , yum . . If you like candied liquid smoke . I 've never tried Walden Farm 's before but the idea of 0 calorie , scratch that , * TRACE * calories and zero carbs . Wait , there 's Splenda and it has half a carb per serving , plus tomato paste which also has carbs and other things on the ingredients that you ca n't de-carb . Anyways , I digress , the idea of very little calories and very little carbs sounded too good to be true and yep . I drizzled it onto a grilled chicken wrap and bit in . Oh my god . The first thing to hit was a overly sweetness and not a real one , the chemical kind , bletch . The next thing to hit was a smokey taste , and again , not a very good one . It was way too strong and chemical tasting.It ruined my wrap . I should have tasted it separately , but I thought for sure it could n't be that bad , plus the taste of the Cajun seasonings on the chicken would help hide the taste . I was wrong . By the time I got to the end of the wrap where the liquid fool 's gold had collected and bit through , it was way too much . I spit it out and threw the rest away . And all this from a small drizzle down the middle , after all , I was trying it.I could n't imagine pouring this on something and grilling that nastiness into it.The other reviewers who gave it 5 stars . I do n't know what they were thinking . Or maybe Walden Farm 's changed the recipe but I did n't get spicy at all in this . It was a bottle of chemically candied chemical smoke flavor.Absolutely horrid . I 'd advise staying away unless you like wasting money , not just on this bottle of septic tank juices , but anything it touches . I must now to gargle Listerine and brush .
 Yeah it 's made with artifical sweetner , so I do n't expect it to taste like real barbeque sauce , but this is n't very good . It 's especially terrible as a dipping sauce . It 's not completely terrible if you use it to cook with though .
 The taste was nasty and it came broken the first time . Than i got a new one and that time the cap was broken and expanded because it was frozen ! Note that the max it was in the mailbox was 20 mins after the mailman got here !
 How is this even sold ! I have tasted some pretty nasty things in my life and this by far is the worst . I bought this yesterday because my wife can not have gluten . I wish I had my five dollars back . I should have known to put it back on the shelf when I read one of the ingredients was Red Cabbage .
 I normally love Walden Farms foods , but this sauce is not at all what I expected . It has a very bitter , acidic taste to it . If you 're looking for a substitute for sweet barbeque sauce , this is not it .
 This sauce is gross ! I bought it knowing that it was a `` diet '' food , but did n't expect it to be that bad . It did n't taste anything like BBQ sauce . I ca n't even describe how awful it tasted or what it tastes like . Luckily I bought it at a local store , and did n't pay the higher rate on here or shipping .
 Not recommended for those with taste buds.The only reason I 'm giving it 2 stars is because it 's 0 calorie - so it has every right to taste awful.Would never buy again . Please god do n't ever let me buy again .
 Unfortunately I do not have much to say the product never made it to me . And I never got a refund so I am out the money and I have no clue what it taste like . Very sad would have loved to try it . I can not get a hold of anyone to get this resolved . Do not order this you might get your money stolen .
 Yup it 's calorie free and carb free and boy can you tell !! I tried this twice , wanted to really like it but it was horrible . I threw it out . I guess if you want BBQ sauce that 's really going to taste good , you 'll have to take the calories and carbs . It 's too bad , but this stuff was awful . Wasted my money .
 Give Walden Farms credit for making a no-carb sauce . It 's just a shame it does n't taste better . Still , I do buy it on occasion and mix it with other tastier sauces to lower the over all carb content . However , the smoke taste is so overwhelming that more than a proportion of 1:4 leaves only the taste of this product in your mouth . This product can not begin to compare with the taste of the now-defunct Kraft 's low-carb barbecue sauce . Mostly , I make my own low-carb sauce from scratch and then just add a bit of this to get the smoke taste , but too much and even the best batch of homemade sauce is ruined . However , if you are on an extreme low-carb diet -LRB- such as Dr. Bernstein 's -RRB- this may be the only product that fits .
 I took one sampling of this barbecue sauce after opening the bottle and immediately threw it away . The taste is really disgusting , nor is the consistency anywhere close to `` thick . '' Using this product with any type of meat -LRB- pork , chicken , beef , etc. -RRB- will absolutely ruin what you 're eating . I should have done a better job of reading the other reviews , since they are dead-on . You can find a number of low-carb barbecue sauce recipes on the web - I 'd try that instead of this product .
 When I purchased this sauce to aid in my Atkins diet , it was shown CLEARLY to be a 6 pack . The title said it , the photo had one of those little text bubbles on it that said `` 6 pack '' and the shipping weight was listed at like 5 pounds or something . TITLE AS LISTED
 It 's not just THIS Walden Farms product , but every one I 've tried . Syrups , marshmallow dip , Ketchup , Cocktail sauce ... !! You 'd think after wasting so much money on them -LRB- not to mention the taste that leaves your mouth feeling like a chemical sewer ! -RRB- I 'd learn but kept hoping ONE item would be salvageable . No . They are so bad I almost considered gargling with bleach to erase the taste . There are no words for what these Walden products taste like
 I absolutely LOVE Walden Farms ' salad dressings . However , this product was not appetizing to me after the tasting it and it has a very unpleasant , lingering aftertaste . I tried to doctor it up a bit so that the aftertaste was n't so undesirable . Nothing really worked . Additionally , the smell is unappealing .
 I buy sugar free products a lot , and it is hard to find sugar free barbecue sauce . I held out hope for this , and indeed did use the whole bottle . I hate to waste things , and I am generally very easy to please . I wo n't buy another though because the stuff just does n't taste like barbecue sauce . In my opinion , it has nothing to do with the artificial sweeteners either . Whatever they are doing with the rest of the recipe just is n't getting the job done.If you have NO other choices , maybe you could give it a try yourself . I do see some others love it , so maybe you would , too . However , if you have a choice , choose the other brand -LRB- s -RRB- first before bothering with this .
 At first I thought it tasted ok . But after a few bites , it began to taste chemically . My husband does n't like it either .
 I started a diet a few months ago . I found that portion control is one of the most important factors when I have an occasional treat . One of these small bags of cookies is a favorite treat of mine.I was able to buy this item where I lived before but they are not carried in the area where I now live . When I ordered this item , I was under them impression that when it said pack of 6 , it meant that I would get six boxes with six bags of cookies in each . Nope . I only got one box with six bags of cookies in it.This is a royal rip-off . Do not buy these cookies on-line . These cost only a few bucks in the grocery store .
 The actual meat was fine . The problem with this product is the quantity and strength of the pepper . It burns your mouth there is so much of it . I had to use a knife to scrape the pepper off of the surface before I could stand to eat it . Also very salty . If you love pepper or ca n't taste pepper , then this might be for you .
 I thought these were a great idea , and they smelled amazing , but ... they were kind of lame . Sharp-tasting , and because they were so big , they did n't melt all the way through when I toasted them , so I had to kind of eat off the outer layer and re-toast the marshmallow a few times before I finished it . If I were to get them again , I would probably cut them into quarters , but that seems like a lot of work for a stupid holiday gift .
 I have been looking for gum drops for a long time and was excited about getting these . I was disappointed . They do not have the flavors of the gum drops I remember as a kid . They all had a strange flavor , even the green and orange , which you would think would be pretty universal . They are way too expensive -LRB- shipping is half the cost of the product -RRB- to order for the quality and the taste was not very good .
 Totally disappointed . Shipping was more expensive than the product itself and the gum drops are WAY too big for the item I was planning to use them for which the description should have said so at least you know what to expect . Wo n't be ordering from this seller again .
 Do you remember the Rolos of several years ago ? The Rolos with chewy caramel in the center ? Well , that 's all changed now . Whatever is in the center is neither chewy , nor caramel as you and I know it . These are not your mother 's Rolos .
 I wanted to surprise my Son in New York with Tom & Jerry mix from Wisconsin . This item comes from a company called WisconsinMade . When I ordered I was told it would be packed to last the week-end should my Son be away . I was told that it would be . Shipping was $ 26.00 . It was room temp when he picked it up on Sunday night , and had to be destroyed . Wisconsinmade offers a `` 100 % satisfaction guarantee '' , but all they would do was pick up the shipping charge and I would have to pay for the mix again . I would recommend that this item be ordered ONLY if you have absolute control of recipients time schedule .
 Too salty , lacks flavor and too costly . Much better off buying stock.Don ' t know why I did n't think prior to ordering .
 Well I was n't careful reading label at first and fell for 0gr trans fat . However it does contain `` partially hydrogenated soy oil '' so is does contain trans fats . Its just every cube has less than half gram so it does n't have to be reported on a label . I was killing myself softly adding it everyday to my brown rice or buckwheat or steel cut oats and was surprised with sky high cholesterol numbers.One have to read every label very carefully from beginning to end nowadays .
 It 's okay , but not great . I found K.C. Masterpiece sugar free bbq sauce to be much superior
 I have n't actually tried this product yet -LRB- I 'm getting ready to -RRB- , but I am concerned that Amazon does n't seem to offer a breakdown on the nutritional information . I do low carb and this is very important . Amazon offers many lc products , but I do not see this information on any of them . Makes it harder to order .
 The last order I placed , most of the boxes that I received contained stale wafers . They were rock hard and not edible . I am so bummed that I may not purchase these wafers again , which is sad because when they 're not stale , they can actually be quite good . But I expect every box to live up to the same quality control measures , to be light and crunchy and delicious , and I am really disappointed in how many packages of my last order were so stale they hurt my teeth to bite into them .
 The product features indicates that this product is dairy free ; however , it is not . It contains whole milk powder .
 Well apparently Amazon sells this for Honeyville grain and Amazon charges 15 dollars more than honeyville sells it for at thepr website , neither Amazon nor honeyville are willing to refund any money . I only found this out when I was looking up the company to find out why it was taking so long to receive the oats ... The oatmeal may be good but this DEAL left a bad taste in my mouth ...
 This tea is an alright oolong , but it is nothing special . It is definitely not worth the price listed here . Maybe it is worth half that amount . There are much better oolongs out there for a cheaper price . This tea basically lacks character , being neither dark and rich , nor sweet and refreshing . As I have said before , better oolongs are available , even in teabag form , that are far better than this . I barely even touch this tin anymore , because I prefer other oolongs.Foojoy China Classic Min-nan Oolong Tea - 100 Tea BagsFooJoy Tie Guan Yin Tea - 100 Individually Wrapped Tea Bags -LRB- 7.0 Oz -RRB- High Grade Famous Fujian Anxi Golden Oolong -LRB- Wu Long -RRB- Loose Leaf Tea - Huangjingui Oolong - 3.5 Oz
 Ooling is my favorite tea but this one was a disappointment . It was fairly weak in flavor even when adding extra leaves , also the flavor seemed ` off ' to me .
 Thought I 'd try this tea . Wrong choice . Tea is not as good as Numi 's Iron Goddess of Mercy Oolong tea . Perhaps my favorite Oolong . Shipping costs almost as much as the tea on the Natural Chinese Wuyi Oolong . I 'll stay with Numi Tea from now on .
 Although I am not a tea expert , but I do drink tea daily -LRB- not from tea bags -RRB- . This tea is not the worst that I ever had , but for the price I can only rate it one star . The flavor is too mild or weak . From what I can tell , this should not even be classified as oolong tea .
 I am not a connoisseur of teas but have been drinking them all my life . I ordered this oolong tea because it is a Chinese tea served in many restaurants . Well , this tea tastes like dirty socks . I never had tea in a Chinese restaurant that tasted like dirty socks . So now I have a big canister of expensive , nasty tea that I will never drink . No more ordering tea online for me .
 I will likely not purchase this tea again . I 've tried other varieties of wu-long which were much more sweeter , smoother and richer in taste . I could not keep paying a lot of money for these quality teas , so I started my search for a cheaper wu-long tea , and that is why I purchased this tea . However , I am not satisifed with it . Even after steeping for a long period of time , the tea was dark but the taste was stale & not rich at all . I bought this because the price was good , and gave it 2 stars because it arrived nicely packaged & quickly . However , I would rather pay more money in the future for a better tasting tea .
 I was very unhappy.I have bought stuff from them befor and was quite pleased . But ... . When I received this item I was furious . There was not even close to $ 26 worth of candy for one.And it was just candy did not seem to be from the 90 's . Just not happy at all .
 I lived for my weekly -LRB- sometimes daily -RRB- astro pop in the nineties . WHERE IS IT ? I could n't be more disappointed .
 I am so disappointed with my candy boxes . I bought 4 boxes 40 , 80 , and two 90s . Each box had pretty much the same candy with the exception of maybe three different ones . One of my boxes arrived with a torn handle . I will never order these candy boxes again , and I really wish that I could return them without paying a mountain load of money for the shipping and handling . I give the boxes two thumbs down .
 I can go into any store that sells candy and find everything that they have in the 90s crate and it would cost MAYBE $ 10 and get a nice REUSABLE basket to put it in from the thrift shop . They do n't even have Crybabies or Warheads or Bubble Tape !!!!! RIP OFF !!!!!!!!
 This was a big disappointment . Overpriced and quite skimpy . Could have put it together myself for far less . Too bad , the concept is good .
 Everything in the box was either sour , extra sour , or extremely sour . The only non-sour items were the four pieces of Bazooka gum . If I knew what was included I would have never ordered it .
 I ca n't eat these oats , they have a funny taste to them . My kids also think they taste funny . My husband thinks they are OK , so he has 50 pounds of oats to eat on his own !
 There is no other rice noodle brand that holds up to cooking without mushing and can replace wheat noodles without complaint . Spirals however have a problem in that their centers need more cooking than the rest so to get them cooked well they do become overcooked . Try fusili instead-they are AWESOME !
 I heard all the hype about tinkyada pastas and did a taste test between the tinkyada brown rice spiral and the orgran rice spiral - also brown rice.My results were very disappointing.The tinkyada took like 20 minutes to cook , the orgran took 7 minutes.Tinkyada had a very gummy mouthfeel , the orgran spiral had a clean mouthfeel and a nice texture - after only 7 minutes in the water.I made the tinkyada pasta using both sets of cooking directions on the package , same result - very disappointing.Will I buy tinkyada again ? No !
 I love Tinkyada and order it through Amazon regularly to feed my family of 7 . However , the spirals are awful and I will never order them again . They just plain fall apart , no matter how they are cooked . By the time they are on your plate , you 're going to have little spiral edges all separated from the main piece . They are also very hard to get on a fork . This is my second time ordering spirals and I 'm done with them . Im going to stick with the other varieties .
 They shipped two weeks late.Do not answer their phone.I can not speak to the quality as I was sending a gift . I would certainly NEVER order from this company again !!
 This gum has good initial flavor but it does n't last . It also takes at least 3 pieces to get a comfortable chew . Extremely sticky .
 I ordered this when it was 1/2 off for my husband for Father 's Day . If I had paid full price I would have been livid . The candy might have cost the company $ 10 retail max . Some classics were included but so many were left out . Remember Gold Nugget gum ? Mary Janes ? Sugar Daddy ? A couple of the items were full size , like Big League Gum , but most were small individual pieces . Included was a soda -LRB- Moxie - never heard of it but it could have been a regional brand -RRB- , a jump rope -LRB- huh ? You do n't buy this for a kid ; you buy it for a 50 year old who grew up in the 60s -RRB- and a plastic square moving puzzle -LRB- you know the kind that you keep moving the squares around the square frame until the small pieces are in the right place -RRB- . The EXACT jump rope was $ 3 at the local craft store and the puzzle was a Party City piece of junk party favor . I could have spent the $ 35 at the local Cracker Barrel and put together a much better box of candy and could have even included a Moon Pie or two . Do n't waste your money .
 I wish I had listened to S. Sprigle . Her review is spot on . I 'm going to have to stop by Cracker Barrel and buy some extra items to put in the box before I wrap it for my brother in law for Christmas . The `` vintage toys '' I received were some pick up sticks -LRB- not even a full box -RRB- in a package which did n't appear to be vintage to me and the plastic square moving puzzle , which was a tenth the quality -LRB- in my mind -RRB- of what the original game was . I did n't even get a jump rope ... I wish I had gotten the basket when it was half off -- or not gotten it at all !
 I ORDERED THIS TO REPLACE A SIMILAR ITEM THAT DID N'T WORK OUT . I SENT IT AS A GIFT TO A FRIEND IN MILWAUKEE AND SHE WAS NOT AT ALL PLEASED WITH THE CONTENTS OF THE BOX . NOT ONLY WERE MOST OF THE ITEMS STALE , WHEN MY FRIEND OPENED THE BOX SHE SAID THERE WAS A TERRIBLE ODOR . PERHAPS THIS PACKAGE HAS BEEN HANGING AROUND SINCE SOME TIME IN THE 1950 'S ... SEEMS THE ITEMS CONTAINED IN THE BOX WERE OVER 50 YEARS OLD !!!! 50 's Classic Collection Gift Basket
 Most of the twinkies were smashed a bit . Could of been packed a little safer/better . Still delicious though . Nice to have a box for yourself : -RRB-
 this item sells for about $ 4.95 in most supermarkets when its not on sale.but it almost always is and then sells for $ 2.50 - $ 3.00 . The price of $ 7.99 offered here is just way too high .
 Listen up , I 'm a big-boned gal who has yo-yoed in weight over the years . Thankfully I 'm currently on a downswing , and I hope it stays that way . Which brings me to Hostess Twinkies which are very overrated . This is one of my least favorite Hostess snacks , if you want the truth . The sponge cake is stinky .
 Twinkies were once great but once they sold out to the big corporation , the quality went down the drain . It 's too artificial tasting to be considered food . There are a ton of chemicals and additives added . You call this cake ?
 Come on , this is 2005 . Twinkies are n't `` food '' anymore than Cheez Whiz is . Twinkies were invented back in the 30s before science understood the impact of the product on our bodies . Consider that in those days doctors were used to advertise cigarettes in magazines . Everyone needs a sugar fix every once in a while - I 'm just as guilty of that - but eating Twinkies is practically self-mutilation . Look at the ingredients list and do some reading . Yikes ! Everyone 's family deserves tasty snacks that happen to be healthy too . Sorry Hostess , that definitely does not include Twinkies .
 Absolutely awful !! Total ripoff . First of all the box was completely ripped open . Inside there are only 8 `` Twinkies '' not the 10 that it says on the box . I use quotes because they 're not even real twinkies ... just an off brand put into a twinkies box which by the way expired in December ... do n't even want to know how old the box is because we all know REAL twinkies live forever . Bought these as part of my husband 's Valentine 's day gift . VERY disappointed I spent $ 25 for an expired box of 8 knock off `` twinkies '' that I could have bought in the store for $ 4 ... NOT HAPPY !!!!
 I bought this because my legs and ankles had been swollen badly for over a week and this is not normal for me . Dandelion leaf tea is supposed to be a diuretic , but I 've been drinking it for a couple days and there is no difference that I can tell.When steeped for 12 minutes per the directions for medicinal use the flavor is very `` grassy '' and rather bitter . I expected the bitter part from the dandelion leaves , but the grassy flavor is a bit hard to take unless I mix it with other teas , drinking twice as much to get the proper dosage of the dandelion . I tried adding a little bit of honey in the straight tea to cut the grassy taste but I wound up with too sweet plus bitter.I then bought a couple bunches of fresh parsley and made tea from it . Cost
 I was really excited to try these lollies . Do n't be . Most of the flavors taste nothing like their names . They are overpriced and extremely poorly packaged . If you think you are going to get some nice thing like the picture shows , GUESS AGAIN ! They arrive dumped in a plastic bag , which has been dumped in a box and dropped from a great height . For the kind of shipping they want it would be reasonable to expect a better presentation . These do last for a long time , which is n't really a plus since the flavors are nasty . If only they could get together with the people that make Jelly Belly and get some flavoring from them ...
 I could have purchased a better , fresher selection at my local liquor store for $ 20 . About 1/3 of items listed were not included . Emphasis on cheap taffy . Weight made up by a giant box of Leaf Malted Milk balls . Ugh ! I threw most of it out .
 This flavor was not to my liking at all . Only had one cup . Will try it once more then probably give it away .
 Richochet mints are so soft you just eat them . They are not to be sucked . I do n't like the softness .
 The package makes it seem like these are typical peppermint hard candies -LRB- with Xylitol -RRB- . They 're not . They actually look like aspirin tablets and dissolve in about three seconds . They 're not what I thought I was buying.The flavor 's ok -- just ok . It 's hard to say for sure when it 's gone before you know it .
 I based my purchase on the package picture . Boy was I disappointed ! The product is very strong and induced instant heartburn . There were also many broken pieces in the box that I opened . I am going to ask for a refund even though the product is non returnable.These may be right for you if you like powerfully strong mints .
 First off , the seller was great . Product arrived very quickly.I loved the spearmint mints . Unfortunately , the peppermint ones taste disgusting . If you order thorough Ship and Save , make sure to cancel right away , or else you will get stuck with two shipments . The first one was bad enough .
 First time users need to check out side affects of Xylitol before investing in it . It can cause gastro-intestinal `` disturbance '' that is not very pleasant . I now have almost 600 mints to put in the trash .
 really like the licorice-mint combo , but they dissolve too fast , so i like to take several at once , or one after another . seemed like a good value , but they are not .
 I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT ON MULTIPLE OCCASIONS AND LIKED THE TASTE BUT THEY DISOLVE INSTANTLY AND I WAS CONSUMING THE WHOLE BOX AT ONE TIME . I WILL NOT PURCHASE THESE TABLETS AGAIN .
 I was looking forward to this lycorice candy . Unfortunately they are not only licorice . They also contain ANISE and they taste much more of anise than of licorice . Called Amazon for a refund based on the fact that nowhere does it say the product contains anise . If I had known , I would n't have ordered . Fortunately , Amazon has the BEST refund and return policy in the world .
 I 've had very good luck with some of the teas sold by Amazon -LRB- for example , Good Earth and Triple Leaf brands -RRB- , but not with this product . Contains four different types of teas specifically formulated to combat the sniffles.Breathe Deep
 Mint is not pleasant to have in winter time at all , just realize there is no winter in India where the Ayuvendic fomulla was made for . So a good formula for people live in India does n't mean it work for people live in other part of the world .
 It has an impressive list of ingredients -LRB- licorice root , fennel seed , wild cherry bark , cinnamon bark , orange peel , slippery elm bark , cardamom seed , ginger root , mullein leaf , clove bud , black pepper -RRB- , but I could not get past the taste . To me , it tasted like warm black licorice . I used only 1 bag for 24 oz water and by the time I got about 8 oz of it down , my belly started to bubble so I poured the rest out for fear I would see it again and I threw the rest of the box in the can.It is a 100 % natural herbal tea , just not for me . It is also USDA certified organic.If you like the taste of warm black licorice , it may be useful to you . I will go back to my chamomile tea for soothing the throat .
 I waited a month to get this product in and it shipped from CA to PA with a single ice pack . Needless to say it was quite warm when I got it .
 This product is listed in stock and then when it is ordered it is cancelled because it is not in stock . This seller is a bad business person .
 I have enjoyed some wonderful green tea blends . This stuff is so smokey it 's just like a pot of burned beans . The taste and odor are horrendous . If you like scotch or very blackened foods , you might like this tea , but it 's nothing like a typical green leaf tea .
 when will it be in before Christmas or after will need to order more just thinking about it please hurry
 This used to be my favorite beverage . Until recently , I drank Ocean Spray Cranapple juice at least twice a day , and on the weekends I guzzled a glass every breakfast , lunch , and dinner . Then I gained 15 lbs over the summer and wondered how that happened despite sticking to a moderate-to-low fat diet and a rigorous workout regimen . A cup of Ocean Spray has at least 30 grams of sugar , and that 's approximately the same amount in a Snickers candy bar . And not only is it sugar , it 's high-fructose corn syrup
 I second the reviewer who said that this tea is unearthly bad . When first made , it tastes like tea that has been left out too long and has gone rancid . It looks like pee . All right , I 'll give them that one -- all tea does . Unfortunately , I did buy a six pack . The person who came up with the name `` Sweet Thai Delight '' and the packaging person both deserve raises -- they are really good at what they do . But I wish they would work for a company with a food product that is worth consuming . Did they actually drink it ? `` Good Earth '' Tea tastes sweet , is 10 times better , and may even be cheaper . But they may need a new packaging person ...
 Too much of the white pith on this orange peel making the product overly bitter and diluting the real good taste of the orange zest .
 Since Sorbee Sugar-Free Maple-Flavored Pancake Syrup has sorbitol in addition to Splenda , do n't use too much , or you may find yourself running to the bathroom -LRB- sorbitol , a sugar alcohol , has a laxative effect -RRB- .
 I was disappointed in this product as a gourmet item . It has no special flavor , texture is watery , and the price too high for the miniscule amount provided - approximately two servings per bottle with pancakes .
 Too much of the white pith on this orange peel making the product overly bitter and diluting the real good taste of the orange zest .
 Honestly , I wanted to like these brownies , I did . But there is something in their taste that is so wrong , and off . Maybe it 's because we all have different tastebuds but I really truly found them disgusting.Save yourself the $ 20 and avoid this brownie mix : -LRB-
 We made these twice , the first time we thought maybe we made them incorrectly , but they came out the same the second time , very dry and crumbly , too sweet , and just not very good ! There are many other brownie mixes on the market that happen to be less expensive and the taste and texture is really great.Pass on these . There were three boxes in this order we just threw the third box away .
 I think these brownies could have been good had they not burnt to a crisp in the 35 minutes suggested cooking time . I have a large , professional grade oven - so perhaps it cooks on the hot side - however these brownies were burnt burnt burnt . We managed to salvage a 2 '' square out of the dead middle for a taste ... . what we tasted , we liked . Will try another brand next time .
 While I am fond of the Barefoot Contessa , I will not purchase this brownie mix again .
 This is very foul tasting . Mixing it with milk only helps a little , I would not ruin any form of frozen dessert by using this product . Btw , I am not a picky eater but this was too much .
 I received this tortellini as a Christmas gift . I cooked it according to the directions and unfortunately , I was unable to eat more than one tortellini shell ; this is the worst tortellini I have ever tasted . I do n't know if this particular box was expired and purchased at Ross Dress For Less , for example -LRB- there is no expiration or production date marked anywhere on the box -RRB- , but it was really bad . I threw away the boiled tortellini as well as the rest of the box .
 These ravioli are the worst ever ! Tiny pasta with no taste ! I made one box and threw the second box out . There was no way I would serve this to my company !
 I 've used this many times and each time it 's been a huge disappointment . The flavor is weak and dissipates really fast . Wrights Liquid smoke is better in every way , however , it 's not easy to find these days.I wo n't buy Colgin Liquid smoke again.Randy
 I have been searching for a Liquid smoke to use for a vegan bacon recipe . I came across this and see the ingredients for this product and `` caramel color '' listed . This is not `` natural '' by my standards . I just recently read some articles regarding food additives that stated caramel color is a known carcinogen and one of ingredients in processed food that is so not good for your body . If you are concerned about your ingredients , do your research . I am looking elsewhere ...
 I 've got a room mate that swears by these . I bought a few packs of these , and did n't notice a single difference in my memory/mental capacity , the way my room mate raves . I think it 's more of a placebo for him .
 I 'm not someone who likes their coffee to get up and walk away so I do n't want it strong , but I do want to taste the coffee . I went by the reviews here when I ordered the pods , but after drinking 2cups I have to say I 'm not impressed . With one pod it 's weak , with two it 's a little better , but that 's expensive . Since my little coffee maker does great with other pods I have to believe the problem is with these pods and not the coffee maker .
 The pods work well with the Senseo coffee maker , but the Kona Blend tastes like watered down Folger 's . I tried the Moka Java flavor and it 's much better
 I had hoped to save time peeling onions for the holidays , but I guess that 's not so easy to do . These were tasteless , and the consensus of my guests was , &#34; do n't buy them again . &#34; I would try other Haywards ' products , however , because they are bound to have a winner there somewhere .
 Alaska Smokehouse makes some great smoked salmon , but I thought the price for THREE SIX-OUNCE CANS was too high . I feel likethis itemis a better deal .
 I saw the initial disclaimer touting No Additives , No Preservatives ... Etc. . . I should have scrolled down more to see THE SUGAR content in the ingredients ...
 I 've ordered theseTraverse Bay Fruit Co. . Dried Cranberries , 4-Pound Boxfrom Amazon before and loved them . The most recent batch is completely different , though . Instead of the tart fruit flavor of before , these taste more like sugar than cranberry . They even have the crunchiness of crystallized sugar . Gross .
 These cranberries are sweeter and not as plump as OceanSpray craisins . I generally prefer dried cranberries to raisins because they 're not as sweet -- these are too sweet for me .
 Within this order there are three heat sensitive items . The cranberries were destroyed , the deodorant was melted , and I have yet to open the toothpaste . This is a result of being left in the mailbox in the triple digit heat of Texas at the height of summer by the USPS . I have filed complaints of this nature regarding damaged packages , stolen packages , and even returned packages which eventually I came to discover were lost in transit all at the hands of the USPS . Amazon has continued to conduct business with a courier who does not provide the same level of service to the customer which Amazon has a reputation for living up to . That reputation is quickly changing . By continuing in this manner Amazon is treading a slippery slope.The cranberries themselves are very lacking in flavor , which is not the usual quality I would use to describe this product . This is a result of being left outside in the mailbox rather than the product itself . Usually , these are the best cranberries I have ever had aside from fresh . They usually arrive at my door handed to me by my regular UPS courier . However , this time they were shipped by the USPS , and strangely came in a clear cheap cellophane package rather than the usual soft plastic blue package . They came from the same retailer in the same box as usual . However , I 'm just very disappointed with the manner of disregard with which the shipping was handled .
 I have been buying and using dried cranberries every morning in my oatmeal . These are way too sweet and too oily also . When I cook them in the water for my oatmeal , there is a lot of little seeds . When I eat the Oatmeal it is very sweet . I never add sugar to my cereals as a little dry or fresh fruit is sufficiently sweet . I rinsed a large amount of these today and am hoping that after drying in my oven for they will be usable.I can not recommend these cranberries !! If I could give no stars I would .
 I would check the sugar grams before you buy and be forewarned . This seems a healthy snack but of the 140 calories per serving , 117 are from sugar ! -LRB- 26 grams -RRB- The Cherries and all others like this are the same.When seeing the deal , I thought what a great healthy snack until I looked at the calories and breakdown that includes how much sugar .
 I ordered dried Cherries and got the cranberries . My mistake . I could not return them so we kept them They are no better the ; n the cranberries I get at Cost-co . In fact the cranberries from Cost-Co are softer , fuller and richer . do n't buy these !!! Save yourself the $ $ $
 I bought these based on all the great reviews here . Maybe I just got a bad box , but mine were nothing like those described in all these other reviews ! The cranberries were dry and tough . They were encrusted with sugar and sticky . Not very flavorful , and slightly stale tasting.Before trying these I had bought the Oskri brand on a lightning deal , and they were great . Plump and flavorful . But expensive , so I tried these . No comparison at all ! I 'm going to toss these in the trash and go back to Oskri .
 Too bad they do n't have a sugar-free option . They taste like raisins with all the sugar . Good perhaps with breakfast food but not so much for a snack .
 I have been eating dried blueberries for years . I mostly buy them from the grocer in smaller portion bags . I thought I was getting a deal buying these.The blue berries in this pack are very small , yes blue berries are small berries but the berries used by Traverse are extremely small compared to other brands . The size of the berries was not my main issue with the content of the package I bought . All berries come with a small amount of oil added to prevent caking . Traverse uses way to much oil to the point where the flavor of the berries is effected by it.These berries did not taste like the blue berries I had purchased before , all I could taste was the oil . The berries resembled and tatsed like dried and oiled olives except much smaller . I did not enjoy them and if I did not toss out the packaging I would of returned them.I would recommend going with a different brand , if not then buy the smaller package first as so you can make sure you like them before spending $ 50 + dollars on the larger package such as this one .
 With all the recent news regarding harmful chemicals leaching from plastic containers into food , I was shocked to see the recycle number 7 on the bottom of these plastic containers . Number 7 labeled plastic is the worst plastic you can possibly use . It is being recommended by health officials to avoid products packaged with these containers . This story was aired on Good Morning America . I had just purchased about 20 packages of this baby food for my daughter and immediately threw every one away . This makes me very concerned that Gerber is not fixing this problem .
 These were a good value when they cost $ 30 for six 6-packs -LRB- 36 bars total -RRB- when I bought them on July 3 , 2011 . That came to $ 25.50 at subscribe and save prices . Now that they 've raised the price , and it 's not a good value . Walmart will sell you 6 6-packs -LRB- 36 bars total -RRB- at for $ 27.40 and ship it to your home for free .
 $ 6.75 a box ? Try harder ? Local grocery store has them for $ 5.99 NON sale price -LRB- I 've gotten them for as low as $ 4.49 `` on sale '' -RRB- . You have other bars that beat that price , for some reason your peanut butter bars are through the roof . Epic fail Amazon . Usually you are my savior ... i just do n't understand ... To everyone else , check your grocery store before buying . Do n't get me wrong , I love amazon -LRB- spend almost thousands a year on amazon -RRB- but this is a bad deal . Even our highest priced grocery stores have them cheaper.Also to Kellogs , These things are already overpriced . I like the bars , but they are n't the ` best ' for you -LRB- they have real sugar vs sugar alcohol for instance . -RRB- They have a great taste , and i 've bought a few hundred dollars worth in my lifetime -LRB- used to order 12 boxes a month until the prices jumped up on amazon . -RRB- My advice to you is to get them below $ 5/box . You 'll earn me as a loyal customer if you do . Thanks to the price increases i 've been forced to purchase other brands , and you 've lost around $ 700 retail -LRB- this year -RRB- or so as a result . Might not seem like much , but get a few people doing that , and it becomes an issue ...
 The first shipment was just as ordered . This last shipment was not the same ... the bars went from 1.59 ounce to 0.9 ounce . The bar says chocolate peanut - not chocolate peanut butter . The picture looks the same on the packages . I am very disappointed in this shipment . We opened all the boxes before we realized the difference , so we could n't send them back .
 When I ordered this item I was sent the Special K Protein Meal Bars , rather than Snack bars . I reported this to Amazon , and they told me that they would ship the correct item . However , the new package again contained only Meal Bars . The description/title of this item must be incorrect . Do not order this item if you are looking for the Snack Bars .
 The black chocolate on top is whitish on edges . It looks like old chocolate or like they store these bars in a war place so that chocolate get old and white fungus starts growing on it .
 This comes up on a gluten free search , but this is not gluten free . Soy sauce contains wheat . Unless it is specifically wheat free soy sauce , which is uncommon and not indicated .
 I ordered this marzipan last Christmas , amazed by the great deal that I had found.Unfortunately , the old addage is true
 Buyers Beware , 1 lb . of Marzipan for $ 4.99 . . Sounds great , right?What they neglect to tell you is that there is an additional $ 9 shipping charge !!!!!! Insane.If this company * ever * thinks they will get another dime from me , they are sorely mistaken.I placed my order along with some books , and Amazon does not itemize the shipping charges , only gives you one lump sum for all the items you order ... At * no point * does Amazon or the company tell you what the shipping is for this item , unless it is the only item you order , and then only right before the final checkout.It was only after paying , when I received itemized email invoices that I was informed of the $ 9 shipping charge.What an incredibly shortsighted business practice .1 lb Marzipan , for $ 16 . No thank you .
 Unfortunately the marzipan has corn syrup in it , so I could n't use it . The corn syrup makes it sickly sweet . Too bad !
 The marzipan has a very strong flavor ... too strong . Why are there apricot kernels in it ? And it was too sweet .
 the cost of this cocoa is about $ 4 per cupand I does not taste very good.You only get 12 small 1 cup servings.it tastes just like any other cheap cocoa.I will not buy this again ...
 I 'd found the Mi-Del regular sandwich creme cookies at the large B&M ; retailer in 2005 and had to STOP driving there to buy them because they were so yummy I knew I 'd blimp out from eating far too many . But , I was craving just a taste and promised myself I 'd be good so I ordered what I could find from Amazon
 Recently diagnosed with celiac disease , it has been a matter of trial and error finding good tasting , gluten free products ... and expensive since most of the products cost far more than their gluten-containing counterparts . I bought this since I was a huge fan of Oreos-huge let down . They are so hard that it was difficult to bite into one and the taste is just dreadful . I threw out the whole bag . If you 're going to spend money on gluten-free cookies , try the Pamela brand-I have tried the dark dark chocolate chunk and vanilla/chocolate shortbread-they 're terrific and taste like real cookies .
 DO NOT order this . It is hard as a rock ! It has good flavor but even after 15 min of soaking in milk , no luck ! A box of rocks !
 I have a beef wiH these people . I ordered siX packs of these boxes as it says on the iTem description ... andI only got ONE ! ONE BOX !!! I contacted them and they told me I only ordered ONE box . So I asked them toread the posted AMAZON description of the items for sale ... and they told me ... get a hold of this ! That theorder , MY order was for one 6 pack of Special K snack bar !!!! THAT aMAZON HAD HAD THE DESCRIPTION WRONG ! If that is right who on earth would pay $ 11.98 for one six snack bar pack ? that is like you guys out there paying the $ 23.00 + for ONE box of these snacks ... BUYER , BEWARE !
 I thought this was a really great deal , but its not . This box is only 4 grams per bar , the smaller bars .
 I switched my standing order to Meal Bars -LRB- 10 gm of Protein -RRB- from Snack Bars -LRB- 4 gm Protein . -RRB- Today I received both ... What do I have to do to stop this.Kellogg 's Special K Protein Snack Bars , Chocolate Peanut , 6 ct
 the special k `` protein '' bar is a joke . in comparison with a kashi bar -LRB- which in my opinion tastes as good if not better -RRB- . . here is what you 're getting with the special k bar :40 more calories , for only 3 extra grams of proteinnot to mention :10 extra grams of sugar6 more grams of carbsand3 more grams of SATURATED fatconsumers need to start reading and comparing labels , instead of going by the name brands
 For all the saturated fat and sugar these bars just are n't good . They do n't satisfy a chocolate craving and the protein content is n't significant at 4g . I would not purchase again .
 Calling this a `` Protein Snack Bar '' is bordering on fraud . It has four times as many grams of carbohydrates as protein . This is actually a `` Carbohydrate Snack Bar '' , otherwise known as a candybar .
 I bought a package to try and it ended up in the garbage . The crackers themselves were n't so bad , but they had a powdery coating like the cheddar flavoring had been sprayed on , and the flavor was very sour , like spoiled milk left in the car . -LRB- if you have kids you know what I 'm talking about -RRB- . And not just in a `` sharp cheddar '' kind of way either.The cracker itself was much thicker and more firm than I expeted , so it would probably work for dips , spreads , etc. I recommend Blue Diamond nut chips which taste like their smokey nuts in a can.I am going to give the regular Brown Rice crackers a try , But I do not recommend the cheddar .
 At first I was happy to find this product in the store , since I am on a gluten free and no white rice diet . The lable on the package says brown rice . Thank you Amazon for noting the `` brown rice '' is actually a combination of white rice and rice bran . It is amazing the amount of flexibility in labeling standards .
 `` May contain trace amounts of tree nuts , dairy and wheat . '' I was ready to order until I saw this info . Not good for a Celiac/Gluten-intolerant person with additional dairy allergy ! How can products get away with saying they are gluten-free & then post a little warning that the food may contain wheat ???!!! : -LRB-
 Crackers looked fine but I did n't try them because the ingredient list on the package listed soy , which I ca n't have . I went back and checked the Amazon description and the ingredient list did NOT list soy . Makes me hesitate to order grocery items if I can not trust the information on the description .
 Wow ! I have one can of Choplets left and decided it was time to order another case from Amazon . No Way . When I first started ordering them from Amazon about 3 years ago , they were $ 36.00 for a case of 12 . Each time I order , I find that the price has increased . A case is now $ 70 . As a couple of previous posters noted , I too have received many dented cans . At $ 70 a case , I no longer find dented cans acceptable . I will be looking elsewhere to purchase these . I think this product is absolutely delicious and I have been enjoying them since childhood , but I will not order from Amazon solely based on principle .
 I first bought a pack of 12 at $ 38 . The price is now up by $ 30 to $ 68 . This is insane and in no way does this fairly reflect the hike in gas prices . I could see a $ 5.00 raise ... maybe . But $ 30 ? These were $ 3.16 a can a year ago . They 're now $ 5.67 a can . Any grocery store raising their prices that much , that fast , would be laughed out of business . This is is shameful . Get these prices in line , Amazon -LRB- or , if Worthington 's responsible , get them to get their prices in line or drop the product -RRB- . As far as the product ? It was dropping in quality , anyway . It had gotten much slimier and , simultaneously , a strong grainy taste started overpowering the rest of the flavors -LRB- sort of like skunky beer -RRB- .
 I was not able to find a way to prepare this that made it taste good . No matter how strong the product I smother it in , that that horrible taste comes through .
 I subscribe to `` Subscibe and Save '' the price for this product at the time was about $ 43.00 . AFTER ABOUT A YEAR OF WAITING FOR THIS PRODUCT . Amazon shipped 15 cases to me without notifing me that the price was now $ 70.00 . They should have least do a courtsey email informing me of the price and giving me a choice to cancel order . NOW I AM STUCK WITH 15 CASES AND NO WAY OF RETURNING THE PRODUCT ... THAT TRULY SUCKS ... AMAZON THIS IS UNFAIR ... THE CUSTOMER SHOULD BE INFORM OF A PRICE CHANGE ... I AM VERY UPSET AND WILL NEVER ORDER AGAIN
 I tried these Worthington `` Choplets , '' based upon two things ; -LRB- 1 -RRB- my favorable experience with Worthington `` Prime Stakes '' and Worthington `` Swiss Stakes , '' and -LRB- 2 -RRB- the photo on the label of the `` Choplets '' can , suggesting what they look like . Folks , the photo is hugely misleading !!! These things are NOT breaded and the texture is like that of a slimey , gelatin-like substance . The taste is very disappointing also . I tried breading these myself and then heating them . It made little difference . It 's too bad . Worthington really dropped the ball on this product .
 I love this sauce . Unfortunately I now live in an area that doesnt have an asian market . I came on here to order some and I thought the price was kinda spendy for so little . I used to get these all the time , in the previous place I used to live I used to get the 16.4 ounce bottles for 3.95 . they sent me 2 16.4 ounce bottles instead of 4 6.4 ounce bottles , so I actually got 6 ounces more than normal but at 2X the cost . but considering shipping was spendy and it took a month for them to get here , at 25 $ for 2 bottles I will never be doing this again . buyer beware , if you are looking to get some of these , its in your best interest to contact someone from another town and have them look for you , itd be far cheaper .
 I ordered the 5 oz package and received 3 oz ! Amazon was unable to replace . Ordered me to mail back . Not a satisfactory transaction . Hoosier Hill Farm seller is sloppy and Amazon did not offer an agreeable solution .
 Arrived by given deadline and in good condition , but sorry to me they taste like dried throw-up wrapped in salmon . My mom likes it though .
 It was too salty and i didnt like the taste of it . Would not try this again its like drinkinf sea water .
 there is better one they are ok wouldnt buy them again they were less then i thought there would be small bag
 I received the shipment quickly ; however , I was a little disappointed when I opened the box as it was only a 5 ounce package . I bought another color of sprinkles from a different company , paid the same price and got 16 ounces . The seller did not specify in the description how many ounces was included in the price . I took the risk because I needed the sprinkles and could n't find them . I will know next time to ask the question before purchasing .
 I just moved back to the USA from a country in Europe where you can actually get original French crepes , and was quite excited to find these ready-to-use crepes in my local grocery store . What a disappointment ! Right off the bat , the first crepe was stuck to the plastic wrapping , so it came out of the package in shreds . The crepe is way too thin , almost to the point of being tasteless . Will not buy it again for sure .
 I was VERY disappointed when I received these pears . They are not peeled and the seeds are not removed . The peels alone I could probably forgive , but many pieces have seeds and/or core , which make for difficult eating , especially for children . Even the taste is rather bland . They are not sweet pears at all , and are leathery texture . Definitely not a child-friendly snack ! Now I 'm stuck with fifty bucks worth of seeded dried pears , because you ca n't return food . Definitely would NOT recommend !
 I was so distracted by the horribly chewy texture I do n't remember much about the taste . The Granny Smith apples are crunchy and tasty . Neither of my kids or I enjoyed the pears .
 This English Breakfast tea is terrible and to think that I bought 300 tea bags . It has no flavor even with major steeping time , it 's simply dull ! I have purchased Taylors of Harrogate English Breakfast tea in the past but this one is a dud . If you want a cup of bracing English Breakfast tea , this is not the product - from a 30 years tea drinker .
 I ordered this , then later found at Sams club same maker -LRB- Coffee mate -RRB- , but liquid form of hazelnut cream . This is 35 server per bottle times 6 equals 210 serving . The one at Samsclub is 300 serving for about $ 7 . This is $ 23 something . This is a big rip off . Do not buy this . You are over paying 5 times.How about the taste ? I like hazelnut coffee since buying coffee from Wawa . This hazelnut is nowhere close to Wawa 's cream . I think it 's mostly cream , and light in hazelnut.I do n't recommend you on this product , and please save your money.Amazon shipped this super quick though , and A + for Amazon as usual .
 Incorrect photo of product , shows SUGAR FREE but rather they ship you regular ... sad day for a diabetic but a good price for someone who can use it ... just not me .
 first I was sent strange spring roll wrappers that were totally moldy - Melissa responded quickly and kindly - and proceeded to send me wrappers that were totally stale , dry and were crubling out of the not so air tight plastic wrapping - just dreadful
 I ordered the Get Well Soon Chicken Soup Tote - Gourmet Food Gift basket to be delivered to my sister following her surgery . I asked for her comments on the gift ; she said that many of the items were stale . It was cute , but I will not order this item again.I wrote to the supplier about this and never received a reply of any kind.I tried to find something different , but this one is not worth it .
 Starts out with a licorice/anise smell that quickly turns into something more `` bark-like '' . Like wood that has rotted in a wet forest . The smell fades to a miso soup odor . Tastes a bit neutral . Again , non-salty miso is the closest thing I can compare it to .
 Smells like Black liquorice which to me is a bad thing . could drink it without holding my nose , which was n't enjoyable at all so if your do n't like Black liquorice then this is n't for you
 If you do n't like the taste of black licorice , you 'll hate this tea . I actually love black licorice , and the flavor still did n't appeal to me . The bigger issue with black licorice is it 's estrogenic . If your liver is compromised , you have trouble processing estrogens in the first place , and probably have too many circulating in your bloodstream already . WHY would they put black licorice in a tea that 's supposed to aid a troubled liver ?? I wish I would have paid more attention to the ingredient list before I ordered , because this item is n't eligible for return . I guess I 'm throwing it in the compost heap . If you 're looking for a good tea for your liver , I highly recommend this brand 's dandelion root tea . It 's the best-tasting one I 've found . I should have stayed with that instead of trying something new .
 I expected these to be crunchy . They were chewy , tough , salty and fishing . I was very dissapointed . Gross , would never buy again .
 This product just tasted odd to me , like they added aspartame or some other kind of artificial sweetener , and on top of that it was n't really that spicy . My friend introduced me to dried squid a year ago , but she 'd gotten heres straight from the asian market , I bought this thinking it 'd be similar but I guess not .
 It 's like the dancing powder back home - noisy and floating . And you do n't get the same item as displayed in the picture . You would be totally disappointed if you expect it to work like boric acid powder .
 I like squid . I like sugar . I like salt . I do n't like them combined with MSG . It has an awful aftertaste .
 I agree with other review about the bad aftertaste . I 've tried a few different brands and this is hands down the worst one . It leaves a chemical kinda taste that can only be removed by eating or drinking something else right after . You 've been warned !!
 I did n't know what to expect when I ordered this - I love squid , and I love beef jerky , so I might like this.I did n't . It was very , very sweet and made my fingers smell like the fish food I fed my fish.I could have handled it if it was n't for the fact that once I bit into it , a strange , sugary liquid gathered in the back of my mouth . Swallowing that liquid was a chore , because it just tasted so bad !
 Chewy like jerky , but fishy . Make sure to have a bottle of mouthwash or a pack of gum when you eat this stuff , because it leaves a stink in your mouth .
 This product has Japanese name but it is definitely not authentic Japanese , it has a strange taste to Japanese people . I would not buy it again .
 Disgustingly sweet . I was expecting squid , not candied squid!The packaging was sort of weird too.Hopefully the hot version is better ...
 By the time I realized that this tea did nothing but make me nauseated , it was 3 tea bags later . Do not waste your money on this product . The brand that has never failed me is Badia Slimming Tea . I did not purchase this product because i could not find it in New York City . stay away from Eaters Digest .
 I bought this cause it was organic and fair trade . I like just green tea , this is like ground up flowers and strong floral taste . I am so not a fan ! Giving this 2 stars cause the flavor giving it 5 stars for being organic and fair trade
 I received this gift basket as a birthday present and was excited upon initially opening the box . From there it went downhill . The actual bag is about 2/3 stuffing with only the very top being product , and you get very little product for the price . Notables in it were `` truffle cookies '' that tasted like a stale vanilla cracker cookie -LRB- I 'm guessing this was a substitute for the listed Balloon sugar cookies -RRB- , a chocolate chip `` tea cake '' mini loaf that 's hard to stomach more than a couple bites at a time -LRB- very bland and unappetizing -RRB- , a small box of chocolate fudge that 's the worst I 've ever had -LRB- you probably made better fudge in home ec -RRB- , a box marked `` Gourmet Caramel Nut Assortment '' that 's actually just caramel pieces -LRB- equally disappointing -RRB- . The only safe things in the package were some small -LRB- emphasis
 contains only 6 or 7 small packs of candy or cookies ... no where near worth the cost . would never do it again .
 This is the worst tasting tea I have ever tasted . I am a tea lover and have tried many , many different teas but this is the absolute worst .
 Gives me a headache , im sure depending on your chemistry you may or maynot get one too . One night the headache lasted through the morning . And it is def . the tea cause I just chugged a cup and I got an instant headache . Might work for you who knows
 This might have worked for some others , but neither the herbs -LRB- esp . mint and lemon -RRB- nor the fluid helped the sleep in our cases.I double checked the packaging material , the only `` clinical data '' is about another line of product from this company .
 The tasty was not good , and was similar to sleep aid pills over counter . No effect on sleep at all . It was more like cheap over the counter sleep aid
 I 've bought this tea since I could n't sleep disorders lately . After drinking this tea , I felt that I am so regret to drink it , the ingredient of herb makes me feeling dizzy and headache . I never have this kind of tea again but I recommend people should have chamomile tea from Choice organic or different brands which calm and help you to sleep peaceful .
 I tried to like this ... It tastes great and it can give you a good nights rest . However , every time I take it I end up with a slight headache . It starts shortly after I take it and I can still feel it the next morning . It is only a minor headache , but a headache nonetheless . I was able to sleep through it . I recommend making a trip to your local grocery store and buying a single pack to try it out , instead of purchasing a pack of 6 from Amazon .
 I grew up in South Africa and it is beyond me what these packagers do to the tea , and why they do it ! Rooibos is an outstanding tea variety with great taste and great health benefits , but I literally need to use 4-5 teabags to even approach what this tea in South Africa tastes like . The South African Tea is * VERY DARK RED/BROWN * when brewed , almost a military tan -LRB- like the brown step-out shoes -RRB- . I 've tried many brands of Rooibos tea here in the US and frankly I have been disappointed . I ca n't prove this , but I * strongly suspect * that the tea being sold in the US is grown elsewhere , like Mexico maybe , and the climate , soil and other conditions are n't the same . Its not that the flavor is completely wrong - its / mostly / right , but its also / mostly / missing ! The flavor is flat out absent from this tea . Of the tea `` bags '' in the US I like the Freshpak the most with three bags per cup , but its not the real thing either . If the tea was n't harvested in South Africa I really do n't want to drink it . I 'm going to try the looseleaf from `` Coffee Bean Direct '' -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- and see how that goes . Bottom line , ensure that the product comes from South Africa before opening your wallet . All that being said , for those who have not drunk the tea in South Africa , / any / Rooibos tea is delicious , and you may be perfectly happy with this product .
 This is a weak rooibos tea - minimal amount of tea in the bags with a faint aroma .
 I 'm a healthy 20 year old male with a good , working system . I 've been trying to get this tea for months , so i finally broke down and just purchased it online because I read great things about it . honestly , its crap -- pun intended . It 's no different than any other tea , and any BM 's that occur as the result of it are the same from drinking any other tea or coffee . I suppose the hot liquids do it partially for some people . its nothing great unfortunately . just tea .
 Just to let you all know , this product is readily available at GNC for $ 5.49 , same amount of bags ... Do n't pay for it online , it will cost you too much ! Especially if you are using it 3-5 times daily as the package says .
 My son was born prematurely at 28 weeks . It was very difficult for me to maintain my milk flow with all the stress , and not being able to hold him , and going back to work with him still in the NICU ... so I tried this tea . It definitely did result in producing more milk but within a week my son began bleeding out of his rectum . After a million tests , blood tranfusions , and total hysteria for days , we discovered that it was the tea . The main herbal ingredient is fennugreek , which acts like a natural anticoagulant . I may as well have been doping him up with massive doses of heparin . Luckily , we figured it out in time .
 I bought the 6 pack and followed the direction . The tea tastes great but it did n't increase my breast milk . I did n't have any luck with this product !
 I used this product and did not have any bowel movement . I was using this in conjunction with `` The Master Cleanse '' diet and maybe the best option would have been to use an actual laxative but still ... this product did nothing for me . Then again , all of our bodies are different and this may work better for you than it did for me .
 I have a 9 month old at home and have been solely breastfeeding her . I eat a healthy diet & drink about a gallon of water a day , but my production has slowly decreased over time . My stored milk had begun to run out , so I turned to this tea and also tried the fenugreek pills . I drank several cups of this tea every day for three weeks , just as directed on the box , yet I did n't produce even half an ounce more than I have been consistently making . While this tea may work well for others , I am personally disappointed with the lack of results .
 I bought a 6 pack box since it looks exactly like the one my wife was buying at Whole Foods . but just slightly less expensive . Unfortunately it was the only similarity with the one from Whole Foods . It tastes differently and not as intensive , but the most important is that it doesnot help with the lactation , so after using one pack , we had to come back to Whole Foods and now trying to return remaining 5 packs .
 I was so hopeful this would work after reading all the great reviews but Ive been using it at the highest suggested amount for a week and nada ...
 I really enjoyed this tea because of the taste , but I did not see the increase in milk supply as I had hoped . It may help along with pumping - but not by itself .
 I wish this had worked for me , unfortunately it caused my daughter to have lots of tummy trouble and gas
 What a waste - of course I got excited from reading the reviews and bough the whole damn case which I ca n't return now . I made GALLONS of this and drank it all the time ... NO difference at all in my milk production.THe pills worked sooo much better . This was a complete waste . My baby also got very drowsy and lethargic while I was taking it so I stopped the tea and went on the fenugreek pills ... the result ? Happy alert baby and more milk production .
 I do n't know if it increased my milk supply because it was so disgusting that I could only stomach it a few times . I suppose if you are desperate , but I would go with the fenugreek and blessed thistle pills . You have to take a lot of the pills , like 9 per day but at least I could manage to take the pills . This stuff I had to force myself to drink , and it smells awful too .
 After reading all of the great reviews I decided to try this ... my baby is 7 weeks old and I am trying to stock up feedings in the freezer so I needed to produce more milk to do so . I tried the tea for 2 days and it actually DECREASED my milk supply so I stopped . So I read up on other ways to increase my milk supply ... I read eating oatmeal helps and of course drinking lots of water . The oatmeal REALLY works !! I suggest eating oatmeal if nothing else is working for you .
 When I returned to work my supply really went down . I was afraid I would not be able to continue breastfeeding . Just one cup of tea a day has increased my supply so much that I have to wear nursing pads again ! However , my baby does not like this tea . Whenever I nurse her after drinking this tea she screams like she is in severe pain . I do n't want her to hurt , so I have discontinued use of this tea .
 This sucks . It did n't work at all . You 're better off buying a chinese laxative tea from an international grocery store .
 We bought 6 boxes . and drink the tea every day , did see any improvement unfortunatedly .
 I did n't even get to see if the product works because the herbs are super relaxing and put me to sleep . I took it and could n't stay awake at work . Is not good for a working or multitasking mother !
 This tastes so bad that I could only drink this once ! If you do n't like black licorice then you might want to reconsider buying this tea .
 A caveat to this review is that the tea is wonderful and really does help . But I digress ... I purchased this same product for roughly $ 6 . When I saw `` pack of 6 '' in the product description , I thought $ 20 was a great price and purchased immediately . When the product arrived , there was only one box of tea , identitcal to what I normally spend $ 6 on ! Waste of money for the SAME PRODUCT !
 I got this item delivered from US to Singapore by Borderlix . I obviously bought pack of 6 , paid $ 17.94 and was waiting for my item to be delivered . And when it was finally delivered , turned out it was only one pack !! Is this a fake or a mistake ? This is just not acceptable . I want the other 5 packs to be delivered directly to my Singapore address immediately .
 DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY . This did not work and it was gross . I tried it for a week with no results . I was very disappointed . I then started eating oatmeal -LRB- my Dr. recommended it -RRB- and it increased my supply a little . If you are going to try it , by the single box . I really think this is another way for someone to make money off nursing mothers . Godd luck = -RRB-
 dispite forgetting about it and letting the tea bag steep for about 45 minutes , the first night I drank this tea , it did absolutely nothing . I tried it again a second time the next night , this time seeping two bags for about 15 minutes , and the next day still no results , only lots of gas . It only irrated my stomach and made me a little nauseated . I Really wanted this to work , but I guess its just not the right product for me.I could have excused the disgusting taste if it had actually worked .
 Mother 's milk tastes not bad . I am not sure whether it increased my milk since my production did not reduce after I stopped using it . However , be careful of the side effects ! My baby showed diarrea , colic sympton , and stomach upset during my use of herb . All symptons went away after I got rid of Mother 's milk . If you read PARENTING magazine of October 2011 issue -LRB- page 32 -RRB- , you 'll know that ANISE , which is one of the main indegrients of Mother 's Milk , might cause dangerous neurological problems of children . So , again , be careful of the side effects !
 Guys ... i bought this tea 2 weeks ago . . and it works a little But it made my baby diarhea , gassy , spit up , and stomach upset and It made my bleeding worse so i stop drinking this tea . I only drink this for 3 days then i decided to stop . The taste is so nasty . I bought the value pack of this so yeah ive waisted my money ! So my NP recommend the Fenugreek and my milk starts to increase but not right away it takes me 1 week . Even Thoug i stop taking this fenugreek my milk still increase . ! So it realy works ... cause there is no side effects To my baby and we are both happy !
 If I force myself to have couple cups of this as directed the milk supply goes up and if I do n't it does not ... so I tried the same idea with regular tea and then with the same amount of water . . comes out the most important ingredients in the mothers milk tea is the water that you have at home for free.If you need the motivation of mothers milk tea to drink that much water and it works for you stick with it . . otherwise there is no reason to pay for a bad tasting tea . -------------------- If you find my reviews helpful please mark it as so . . Thank you .
 Hi I ordered this but only received one box containing 16 tea bags , instead of the advertised pack of 6 boxes?not sure how to get the remaining undelivered stuff .
 It works . but if you get diarrhea definitely stop using it . I used it a few times , but not enough to get me back on track .
 If you follow package directions of 3-5 servings a day this box will only last you 3-5 days , that 's a pretty significant cost . Also , it did n't work for me . I 'm categorizing this one under `` magical remedies that do n't work ''
 i bought about 4 boxes of these and they didnt really work . i didnt mind the taste , so i guess i will have tea to drink later . it might work for other people .
 Too bad , they did n't work for me ; I used them 3 to 4 times/day for about 2 weeks with no results . In fact , they seemed to dry me up more . So I stopped using them and I gave them away . I tried drinking more water and nursing more , that seemed to help better . The taste is not bad . Reminds me of chamomile .
 This may work for some people but it absolutely tanked my milk supply -LRB- and it tastes awful to boot -RRB- . Every time I would drink it the whole next day 's feedings were terrible . After 4 days of this I called it quits with this tea and magically our feedings were fine again . This is one time I think correlation IS causation . Too bad too because I had finally found a way to get it down ... drinking it with a werther 's caramel in my mouth . Not healthy but it did the trick . I say give the tea a try to see if it works for you but if your feedings start going poorly this is probably the cause .
 I really did not see that this product hepled me in increasing my milk supply . Not only did it not help me but it has a bitter taste .
 I have no doubt that this tea works , but I could just not handle the taste . I am used to having traditional tea with milk and sugar . This had a very strong taste and smell and actually made me gag while I drank it . I even added milk and sugar , but just could n't make myself swallow the drink . I gave up after 3 cups . I love my son , but just could n't get this stuff down : -LRB-
 i drank this tea for 4 days , only did 2 cups a day . the four days that i was drinking it , my baby was fussy and kept pulling away from the breast . he stared waking up in the middle of the night after 3 hours when he had been sleeping 7 hours . i stopped drinking it and he went back to normal sleep and eating patterns . the taste was okay . i started taking Nursing Blend Supplemnet and baby likes it . it is basically the same ingredients but with added daily vitamin . maybe it was the method of delivery , pill vs tea , that my body does better with the pill .
 I was trying to keep up with my little one so I tried numerous things before ordering the tea . I tried pumping more and drinking more water . I tried the fenugreek supplements too before my obgyn suggested this tea . It was a waste of money . It did n't work at all and my baby suffered . She had horrible tummy aches and diarrhea . I wish I had read the negative reviews first but I was so hopeful this would work .
 I bought 6 box of this tea last April 7 because of a nice review . The taste is okay but I did not see that this product help me in increasing my milk supply . I just waste my money .
 The price was good and I had hoped it will work for me . I followed the instruction strictly and had taken it 2-3 cups per day . It did not do anything for me at the first day , but I kept at it and hoped it would start working soon . To my surprise , my usually perfect normal and healthy baby started to soil her diaper constantly , and its color is real green . Usually , she is quite regular and only goes once or twice the most . But suddenly , her diaper was dirty every single time we changed her and the color was very green . Despite of that , I kept drinking the tea for at least two more days because I thought it would just go away and I really need it to be working as I was returning to work.However , I finally had to stop it as it did not nothing to boost my milk supply , and baby 's stool stays green . On the side note , the taste of tea is not too good either .
 I had my 1st baby in Dec 2010 and had alot of trouble produce milk.so at the advise of just about everyone including a lactaction consultant I tried a similar product also containing fenugreek . I researched it online and one of the side effect was `` intestinal distress '' well it did n't cause any problems for me , but my baby girl started having diarrhea . She also broke out in hives all over her face . So I did a medline search - something we do in the medical field . Needless to say I wish I 'd researched this more before I took it . The medline searched stated the main side effect as intestinal distress but also listed the - allergic side effect I hadnt found before . 1st the hives but more distressing was - `` difficulty breathing , and loss of consciousness '' needless to say I freaked . Pumped and dumped for the next 4 days . It did increase my milk supply but at the potenical cost of my infants health - totally not worth it . Discuss this with your GYN 1st there are medications such as Reglan they can prescribe you that can do the same thing w/o the complications of this awful stuff . To be fair both my sister and sister in law both took this w/o complication but who would want to take the chance of having the same problem I did , or God forbid worse . FYI I 'm a NICU nurse -LRB- neonatal ICU -RRB- and I really wish more people knew not to fool around with this stuff .
 I only noticed a slight increase in milk production with this tea , was n't worth the effort . Found success only by getting a prescription for domperidome .
 Unfortunately , this tea tasted so bad that it made me nauseous and I was unable to drink enough of it to see if it had any effect on production .
 I did not like the taste of this tea and it did nothing to increase my milk supply . So for me it was a waste of money .
 I ordered this product and after a week of drinking it 3 times a day , I did n't notice a thing ! It sucks bc now I am stuck with 5 unopened boxes of the tea . I do like the taste now espically with adding honey . I ordered the fenugreek and blessed thistle and I am producing much more now !! Hope this helps somebody
 I ordered this item in hopes that it would help me with my milk output . Right now I am barely keeping up with as much as my 4 month old will eat . However , after using 5 out of the 6 boxes in my initial order , I saw absolutely no increase in my output . I was really disappointed as there are so many awesome reviews . Good luck if you intend to try it . Just did n't work for me .
 The tea taste good , but it took 2 weeks to arrive ! Not only that but the outside box and every single box inside was dented and ripped ! It was very disappointing ! I will be ordering my red raspberry leaf tea from another vender next time !
 I actually had bad effects using this tea . I was given it by a friend and was unaware of its medicinal properties -LRB- so was my friend , fyi -RRB- . Within 15 minutes I was starting to get paranoid and less socially apt , and started to feel distant from everything which was going on . Before long , I was also tending towards depression -LRB- which I 've experienced before while on birth control , so I caught the signs of it -RRB- . I also felt like fainting at a few points . The effects did go away within about 5 hours . This was after drinking only a quarter of a mug of it.These are actually the same reactions I had to two different varieties of the birth control pill . So , if you 've reacted badly to birth control , be warned that you may also react badly to this tea . Or , you may be lucky in that it will not affect you . Take care if you do try it , and good luck !
 The description is correct , never bitter . Not much flavor at all actually -- bitter or otherwise . Like drinking colored hot water . I like Chamomile tea and will buy Celestial Seasonings in the future .
 I 'm not impressed by this cocoa powder , wish I could return it because I do n't intend to use it . It 's got an off vegetable scent , like the cheaper cocoas , not rich and warming and chocolatey . Out of the package , it has a back note scent of dishwater , it 's the only reference I can make , sorry ! I 've tried ghiradelli , and this is similar to the cheap taste of it . I 'm sticking with vahlrona . I baked a cake with this powder , and it had very little flavor , just bitter with a slight scent of chocolate . I gave it two stars , because it is better than Hershey 's , ghiradelli , and the other supermarket brands , but , still , why waste time baking and cooking with it if it 's going to taste only slightly different .
 I ordered this product about thw and a half weeks before I needed it for my childrens very first birthday party , I payed to have rush delivery and it never came . It took me like another week to get a refund , and they did not refund the rush delivery money , which was like $ 15 ! ... I would never order from them again , I am soo upset , because by the time it was actually the day of my childrens birthday we were totally broke and we didnt even have any gold eating coins at their PIRATE party , It totally stinks .
 I bought these for my 2 yr old and 11 month old . WHile I love EB products , I bit into these and said OMG these are SALTY !!! Salty like you can taste the granules of salt on your tongue ! Come on , you expect EB to be a healthy alternative-yeah right . Wont be buying these anymore and mad I spent my money on them . Like the other reviewer said ` save our children 's kidneys and skip these ' .
 The first time I tasted these crackers , I thought to myself `` Are you kidding Earth 's Best ? '' Really EB should know better . 220 mg of Sodium in a single serving of 20 g. Save your developing baby 's kidneys and buy low sodium Ritz crackers which has 30 mg in 16 g -LRB- I know it 's not organic -RRB- . I would never each these crackers because they are too salty for my tastes .
 bought in June/11 and expires in October/11 . they just look like old stock.i just never shop at store expires in a few month . i do not like them !!
 I purchased these thinking they were Harvested in the North ATLANTIC . Yet when the box arrived it clearly states that it is a `` PRODUCT OF VIET NAM '' . I do n't trust any fish from Southeast asia . The box arrived today and I have n't opened it up yet and plan on returning it for fraudulent advertising . If it does n't bother you to purchase from VIET NAM , then go ahead and purchase it . I wanted NORTH ATLANTIC WHICH THIS CLEARLY STATES IN THE DESCRIPTION . Therefore , I gave it a one-star review .
 This product was not fresh and had very little flavor . Also had hard chunks of what appeared to be stems . Very dissapointed .
 My husband and I are big coffee snobs . We used to frequent our neighborhood Peets until we moved from California last summer . Since then I have been looking for a blend to meet our everyday coffee desires.The best I have gotten off Amazon is the Green Mountain Organic Espresso Blend ... but I thought I 'd try this one since it was a little less expensive and it seemed well blended ... . butIt takes about twice the coffee grounds for a good cuppa ... so the value rational is out the window ! Then then while I 'm drinking it I resent that I have four more pounds to get through since this tastes like diner coffee . Nothing complex or robust about this at all . Does not make a good latte .
 I love this tea , but I only received 3 tins , not a pack 6 as advertised . I am not sure who is at fault - Amazon or Zhena 's ... . Will continue to get this product becuase I love it . . but someone needs to verify how many tins are in the order !
 Not sure if I just had bad luck with my last order of Ener G Foods . I got moldy raisin bread along with my moldy sweet potato muffins . Expiration dates were in 2010 so I did n't think I should have a problem . The weather in Wisconsin is n't that warm and humid yet to promote mold growth . I have frozen the remainder of my packages to stop the mold process but I will hope for the best in my next ordering .
 Although not exactly as I remember raisin bread , it 's a welcome treat after so long without . It has a good texture , toasts well , but could have more cinnamon flavor . It is somewhat pricey , but I miss bread , so I splurge a little.Update
 I was really looking forward to trying this espresso blend and was very disappointed , the beans were very dry , unlike most espresso lenses we h ave purchased before . Usually the beans look oily or wet and have a nice crema on top where this blend did not . We wo n't purchase this brand again .
 I feel bad about critically reviewing products by Ener-g foods - they are a decent company and have been providing safe food for those with celiac sprue and other dietary needs for years . But , it must be said , that these pizza crusts are terrible , and they are also extremely expensive for what you DO N'T get . There is no reason this product should be so expensive . Rice flour and tapioca have been the cheapest GF food ingredients for years - and do these ingredients sound good to you ? Filtered Water , Rice Flour , Cold Pressed High Oleic , Safflower Oil , Tapioca Starch , Pear Juice Concentrate , Bamboo Fiber , Yeast , Methylcellulose , Guar Gum , Salt , Glucono Delta Lactone , Calcium Phosphate , Enriched with Thiamine -LRB- Vitamin B1 -RRB- , Riboflavin -LRB- Vitamin B2 -RRB- , Niacin , Iron and Folic Acid . Yum . This pizza crust tastes like it sounds . Just say no . Do yourself a favor and buy Carol Fenster 's cookbook and make your own , or buy Kinnikinnick 's pizza crust as an alternative . I appreciate the fact that Amazon is selling some gluten free products in their grocery section ... I just hope they will get some better tasting products , because they ARE out there . These might be good for a low protein diet - but since rice flour and tapioca starch are low in protein anyway , you could make your own and they would taste a heck of a lot better . BTW , Ener-g foods pasta and flours are not bad - and they are certainly safe . Please give them your business - just do n't waste your money on these pizza crusts .
 We are new to the gluten-free world but found this bread unexceptable . Less than 1 star , but that was not an option . Whether fresh , toasted or grilled it was dry , crumbly , had an odor and strange after taste . After more checking we found `` Sami '' millet & flax seed bread . You have to toast or grill it , but it is FANTASTIC . We are enjoying toast with breakfast and toasted or grilled sandwiches again . So do n't bother with the Ener-G look for Sami
 As a Gluten Free Family of 4 THIS BREAD SUCK 'S 2 Thumbs Down.WARNING if you have Allergies or Asthma `` CHECK OUT THE INGREDIENT '' -LRB- METHYLCELLULOSE -RRB- . Even the birds wo n't eat it .
 This is one of the worst gluten-free breads I have tried . Fortunately it is also egg-free and dairy-free but I found the texture strange .
 hard to eat - texture is just not like having a piece of toast - will try it for breadcrumbs
 Being recently diagnoised with celiac and being a bread lover , I am constantly trying out the gluten free breads . This loaf bread was a major disappointment . Its very heavy and not suitable for sandwiches . It was just okay for toast . I ended up making croutons and bread crumbs out of the remaining loafs . I 'm still looking for a great loaf of gluten free bread ...
 I was really disappointed when I tried the hamburger buns . No matter what I did with them , including heating them in the microwave with a damp paper towel , they were hard to chew and swallow and did not taste anything remotely close to a hamburger bun . This is one item I would not recommend to any one .
 This product is just OK . Will not buy again . Too thick and crumbly . Does not hold up .
 I ordered 2 cases of this product - over 1/2 of them were totally green - apparantly Ener-g didnt seal the vacuum packs correctly . This is a great tasting product because I have purchased this product previously . Amazon did give me the credit for it without any hassles , but this was a real turn off to this product .
 My daughter loves these but 2 out of 6 packages were VERY moldy when they arrived -LRB- way before expiration date -RRB- . I 've read in my celiac yahoo group that this is not uncommon for ener-g products . Unfortunately , they have not been very responsive to complaints about this problem .
 I was really disappointed when the Ener-G Sweet Potato English muffins arrived and three of the packages were moldy .
 This was my first time buying sweet potato muffins from Ener G Foods . I have enjoyed other breads by them but I was disappointed when I opened the box . I saw that one package already had mold spots on it . Within a week , two more packages had started to mold . The expiration date is in 2010 . I put the remainder of the packages in the freezer though it is not suppose to be necessary . For the money I do n't expect to be buying unedible product .
 The Ener-G English muffins that I received from Amazon were not of the same quality when I buy them directly from the distributor in Seattle . They crumbled and had dense places that were not really edible . Also , there were only 4 in the pack instead of 6 . I had to cancel my recurring order .
 The Ener-G Foods English muffins look good in the packaging , but something in them makes them mushy on the bottom . This presents a gooy feel in the mouth , and both my husband and I got stomach aches . Wo n't be buying this again .
 These english muffins are okay at best . They are very hard to cut and break apart easily making it hard to toast . They definitely have to have something like jelly or peanut butter spread on them otherwise , do not taste the best .
 If you are looking for English muffins - go to the grocery store and buy them . These do not even resemble English muffins and are tasteless . However , if you are on a restricted diet -LRB- wheat flour , soy , dairy , gluten , etc. -RRB- these might be for you - check the list of ingredients . I did n't care for them at all .
 I tried these for a substitute for a sandwich roll , I could n't cut them without falling apart ! I ended up toasting them in pieces , more like chunks , and with enough cream cheese , they were only OK ! Tapioca hamburger rolls are the only products I would recommend !
 These are not the greatest . Thought they would be great to have on hand when guest come . Not so . They were not what I had expected .
 Come on Amazon , give me a break . Powdered tofu ? Get in some real food and I 'll buy more from you . I went looking for table sugar . You 've got 100 weird kinds of sugar -LRB- that you expect me to buy in bulk ! -RRB- but NO just plain sugar . I 'm not eatin ' any more of this rice and tofu bread either.Sorry I just had to rant .
 I thought they had a stale texture and they did n't have enough salt . Ener-G does make a type of sesame pretzel that is incredible but these are n't it . Hope this helps all the gluten-free people like me .
 The expiration date on the package is 09-30-2011 , as compared to expiration date in 2012 for the same product we buy from a local store . So the product must have been sitting somewhere for a long time before it was sent to us . Plus it does not taste as good as the one without the sesame . I will be very reluctant to buy food product from Amazon!I was not told that I can not return this item when I ordered it . I would have made a different decision if I were told so .
 I 've been buying this product for years at the HfS , but decided to start ordering cases on Amazon . The product came not packed well and the pretzels were in a million pieces and clumps . I emailed Amazon and they sent me a new case . Well , the same thing . I emailed them again and theyrefunded me and I was thrilled at the exceptional service !!!!! BTW , these pretzels are very good and also soy free !
 We have tried just about every GF pretzel option out there . Our favorites are the Glutino GF twist pretzels . They are buttery and perfectly crunchy ; my kids love them . Even those who do n't have to eat GF love them . Amazon stopped carrying the Glutino on their `` Subscribe and Save '' option for some reason , so I decided to try these pretzels as a substitute . AWFUL . They are so crunchy that you almost break your teeth eating them . They have no taste at all . At all . My kids wo n't eat them . The dog wo n't even eat them . Amazon is carrying the Glutino pretzels now . Go with those .
 Taste like I am chewing on glass . Hard and I am afraid I am going to break a tooth . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 A the salt on the outside has broken off before packaging and the pretzels are hard enough to break a filling . They do have a good taste though .
 My favorite pretzels in the world are Ener-g sesame pretzel rings-light and crispy and with seeds on the pretzels . Thought I was buying those , only in a bigger package.These are hard and dry-not crispy-dry ! and must be made with ground sesame seeds because I ca n't find a seed on any of them.Next time will read description and check picture better .
 We have been a gluten free family for many years and have been enjoying the new products that are now continully being introduced . These pretzels are not nearly as good as the ones by Ener-G Foods -LRB- small size bags -RRB- or by Glutano -LRB- larger , family size bags -RRB- . These Wylde pretzels are , as one reviewer already commented , not salty enough - that is , not salty enough for me to feel they qualify as satisfying a pretzel yearning . These pretzels are also much harder than the others , which I do n't find appealing . That being said , I would highly recommend the Glutano or the Ener-G Foods pretzels over these . I rated it 2-stars simply for being another gluten free product .
 This is the second order recently received that contained a case of stale pretzels . Every bag was stale . No excuse with posted expiration date over 6 months out.Until recently I have had no complaints with the quality of these pretzels , and my family has really enjoyed them . But now having paid over $ 60 for 2 stale cases , you will lose a good customer if this happens again .
 I 'm all for reduced-salt , but no-salt is just nasty . I love sesame seeds so I was really eager to try these , but blech . They are also too hard not crispy - Glutino 's pretzels are much better .
 My daughter has recently had to avoid gluten due to an immunity issue and we tried these locally . She is picky , but I tried one and almost lost my stomach . Horrible . There are other items that she likes . When it comes to snacking we just stick to potato and corn products and avoid anything sesame .
 horrible - got rid of all of them - It was the wrong buy for what I needed . could not give them away
 As the other reviewer mentioned , it does have more of a coconut smell than the other 2 I bought , but it has an off taste to it that the others do not . Reading about coconut oils , someone mentioned the gag factor . I had no idea what they were referring to until I tasted this . NOW 's a good name , but they fell short here . You 'd be better off with Jarrow or Nutiva , similar price , better taste ...
 This oil has a rancid , off-putting odor that smells NOTHING like coconut , more like yeast . It also has a TERRIBLE taste . DO NOT BUY !!! I consume a jar of coconut oil a week because I take it as a supplement and cook with it . Jarrow , Spectrum , Nutiva , Vitacost and Swanson are MUCH better . Their coconut oils smell really good with a fresh , coconut scent and taste great too.I was surprised because I use other NOW products and am happy with them . The quality , judging by my experience & others ' , is that this may just be a faulty jar but the quality is n't consistent . I do n't see bad reviews from the other oils I use & I have never had a bad batch from the others I have mentioned .
 Despite my bottle saying it does n't expire until 2014 , the moment I opened the lid and safety seal I was assaulted by a horrific smell . I assume the oil must be rancid because it 's almost an indescribable smell ... sort of yeast-like , definitely nothing coconut-like at all . I usually like NOW 's products and they seem to have good quality control , but maybe something went wrong with the coconut oil capsules ...
 As a frequent NOW customer , I was surprised at the poor quality of their coconut oil . It was yellow , cloudy , and smelled so rancid that I did n't dare eat it . NOW usually sells good products , so maybe I just got a rare bad batch of coconut oil - who knows ? I think I 'll stick with Nutiva organic VCO , which has never disappointed me .
 Dont waste your money . You will get better results by just adding regular coconut oil to your diet . This didnt work like I thought it would .
 Hi , My first grandson was born and I wanted everything under the sun to celebrate ! This is a wonderful idea that has been around for a very long time ! HOWEVER ... everything was fine and wonderful except the fact that they just were n't fresh . These little bubble gum cigars were as hard as a rock ! The moral of the story is that being a `` fun '' item the shipping was as much as the cigars themselves ... at least they could have been fresh and not hard .
 I purchased this item to celebrate the birth of my grandson . I should have opted for real cigars , they might have tasted better . These cigars were very hard and hurt my teeth to chew . Not to mention that these gum cigars were much too sweet .
 ordered some from an amazon-fulfilled associate . Normal amazon shipping etc. . . The cigars were cracked and stale . How does chewing gum shatter and break ? No way it was fit for consumption.Easy return process .
 The cookies would have been good , had it not been for the fact that one of the packages had a batch of moldy cookies . The expiration date on the packages was two months out even , so I could n't make sense of it . Very disappointing .
 I purchased 2 types of these cookies recently -LRB- chocolate chunk and lemon poppy seed -RRB- and both arrived promptly however were PAST their purchase buy date ! Amazon resolved the situation but be certain you check your product when you receive it . I had purchased the fruit and nut type in the past and thery were excellent .
 The chocolate in this is bitter tasting , not sweet . I ca n't get excited about eating them , so I am giving them to my kids . They taste too healthy to me .
 Erin Baker 's Breakfast Cookie , Double Chocolate Chunk , 3-Ounce Cookies -LRB- Pack of 24 -RRB- ERIN BAKER has horrendous customer service . The employees will talk and e-mail each other about the customers in not so nice terms . This was found out by accident . And what did they do ? Send an `` I 'm sorry '' card . What lack of professionalism by a so-called health-based company . I will NEVER refer anyone to them and I suggest you go elsewhere .
 I would n't buy these again . I thought it would be a good way to get my choco-holic small children to eat something good and quick in the morning . But they hated them , and my husband said that they bothered his stomach , causing lots of gas and discomfort . I gave it the one star only because my husband thought the taste was pretty good .
 Despite reading complaints about expiration dates I ordered these cookies from Amazon because I can not find them near my home and the shipping direct from the manufacturer is high . Well , I should have listened -- I received my cookies today - they expire tomorrow . They 're good cookies if fresh .
 Unfortunately , I did not like these very much . They are really dry . I really like the idea of a breakfast cookie . It would make a great on the go snack , or light breakfast . If you can get past the texture , they do not taste bad .
 Hands down the worst `` food '' I have had in 6 months of Atkins eating , and very possibly vying for the worst thing I have EVER put in my mouth.It looks like powder , floury coming out of the package . But with some liquid it comes to a reasonable look , simulating the appearance of mashed potatoes . That is where the resemblance ends . On the first bite , you start out with the hope that here is a product you can use . Nearly immediatly you will notice the textural difference . There is a grainy dustyness that is apparent . But , its bound to be different , so you power on . Texture is only part of it , and the difference is not horrible , just different.Very very soon thereafter , your tastebuds will tell you the rest of the story . There is no `` potato '' taste . It tastes more akin to some sort of wheat product . Ok , whatever . But then you realise there is another taste . Something akin to alum powder . And it is horrible . So much so that you swallow quickly and wash it out , and take a rapid bite of something else to get rid of it . a few moments later , you will convince yourself that since you paid for this , you will try again . It couldnt have been all THAT bad . But it is . And the third little nibble 20 minutes later is equally horrible.Later that night you may notice that it drys more like a dough than a mash , and wonder what happens if you bake it . The answer is nothing good . Same taste . Not worth the time.Do yourself a favor and skip this product . I hate cauliflour , but even blended cauli is better than this . I am stumped to think of ANY food item that is not better than this . Not pickled pigs feet , for sure . I suppose Durian is a match , but I would literally rather eat worms . If you buy it , do n't say I did n't warn you .
 I did n't like the taste of them at all . It 's very powdery and just does n't taste good , but maybe some people will find the taste appealing . The reason I gave this review 2 stars is because they shipped them on time and although I personally do n't like the taste others might.Remember these are low-carb so the taste will never be 100 % like real mashed potatoes , but I could n't stomach them .
 Thses things taste Nothing like Mashed Potatoes . They Taste all chemically , and Gross . They were dry and even after adding more water , still tasted like crap . If Your Looking to get a MASHED Potatoe taste - you wont fnd it in this product . I took about 4 Bites , threw it away and threw whole package in trash . CHEMICAL TASTING SWILL !
 I tried the cauliflower mashed potatoes and they turned my stomach . I had big hopes for these since my husband is diabetic . I could not eat them . They left a powdery taste in my mouth . I know you have to follow the directions exactly , and the first time I did . The second time I used an electric mixer but they still left a powdery taste in my mouth . For anyone who does n't know you can peel real potatoes and bring them to a boil , pour out the water and boil them a second time . It will lower the potassium as low as the potato mashersbut it is a lot more trouble .
 Bad taste , bad texture . Calling these `` just like mashed potatoes '' is like calling mashed cauliflower is `` just like mashed potatoes . '' Not even close.The only way I ate these and made it tolerable was drowning them in gravy or sour cream . Gross.I gave them two stars because some people might find them acceptable , and while I could n't stand them I was still able to choke them down rather than throw them away . I did n't have any qualms about tossing the leftovers though .
 I love genmaicha and thought I would try this out because of the high ratings . Boy was I disappointed to learn that my local Chinese market sells the same exact product for about 60 % of the price ! I also spent hours going through the tea to take out the woody stems which seem to be a sadly significant part of what is inside the bag . If you ca n't get genmaicha from anywhere else , this still makes good tea , but look around your local Asian market first for a better deal and possibly better quality . Specialty websites for tea likely have better quality , but for a higher price - may be worth it .
 Let me just start off by saying , I love genmaicha . I can drink close to 10 cups a day of it . When I saw all the great 5 star reviews for this tea and its a good price I decided to buy it ... yuk ! Its full of steams and the green tea leaves are just awful . The tea just did not taste right . I 'm really disappointed , I do n't know why anyone would give this tea 5 stars . I now have two 14 ounce bags of tea I do n't like . I would not recommend this tea to anyone .
 This product called `` Hot Cereal '' came under Instant Oatmeal but I/we saw absolutely nothing that evenremotely resembled an oat . There was no flavor despite the label and if one is supposed to feast with the eyes first , then I/we must say , without exaggeration , that it looked like pulverized cement mix with no aroma . The taste ? Completely absent , defying any description in words . To boot , the shipping fee is greater than the cost of what the manufacturer considers a food .
 I used to eat Marmitte when I lived in England . It is a salty and very tasty paste and it is absolutely delicious on toast with butter . Almost impossible to find it in America except on Amazon or in some gourmet stores or health stores like Whole food Market . The one I received 2 days ago had neither the usual interior seal or the plastic seal that normally cover the jar . I am sending it back !! So disappointing !!
 I purchased two of this and threw them both away . I have never tasted anything to discusting in my life . This maybe good for you , but I would be ill if I had to take one more bite of this stuff . I accidentally opened both of them , thinking I would enjoy this . Of course , I lost my money and will reconsider when buying products that are described the way this item was described .
 I was expecting these cookies were going to be normal size but i was wrong ! i was planning on dipping them in chocolates but they r not those average size at all ! So disappointed ! I now have to go out n find the normal size cookies . What a waste of money . I also needed 50 but 20 of them were broken . They do not put fragile on the box outside .
 Reading in earlier reviews that these were genuine chinese fortunes , I served them with a chinese Christmas dinner and was greatly disappointed , as were my guests . Three sample fortunes are
 On closer inspection about 1/3 of the 60 peice order was cracked/broken cookies . I wanted these for a classroom Chinese New Year project and I am very disappointed . I do not have time to wait for a replacement to be shipped . I will find replacement locally . I would not recommend this product .
 Cookies arrived with quite a few broken . Fortunes wereso bad . Not fun at all . I had hoped to pass them outat Christmas but did n't even bother .
 This product called `` Hot Cereal '' came under Instant Oatmeal but I/we saw absolutely nothing that evenremotely resembled an oat . There was no flavor despite the label and if one is supposed to feast with the eyes first , then I/we must say , without exaggeration , that it looked like pulverized cement mix with no aroma . The taste ? Completely absent , defying any description in words . To boot , the shipping fee is greater than the cost of what the manufacturer considers a food .
 As a stand alone cereal it is barely edible . It is not really sweet enough and has a texture too much like malt-o-meal for my tastes . Plus you can barely taste any fruit flavoring . I ended up putting it on toast from Julian ' a bakery -LRB- making a 5 net carb breakfast -RRB- and it pleasantly added to the toasts flavor . I will not buy this again . If it were less than 25 cents per package I might consider it if I keep the bread around .
 Quaker Puffed Wheat is what I 've been craving . Generic brands is what I 've been having to make do with.Ordered this Kellogg product as an experiment . The experiment is over and now I 'm plotting how to give away all of these tiny boxes.AVOID this cereal . I LOVE PUFFED WHEAT , however , this particular brand tastes almost exactly like the wax paper it is sealed in .
 I was very disapointed when I rec 'd my order from Amazon . When I ordered it did n't say my herring fillets would be in some awful tasting oil . The picture showed dry smoked herring fillets.That 's what I thought I would get . -LRB- no can or box with oil -RRB-
 When I bought these mushrooms before , they were clearly labled `` from Italy '' . This time , the origin is not mentioned on the bag , and when I checked their website , I see they 've written a bunch of malarky about how porcinis ` taste the same wherever they 're from , even from North America or China . That is just not true . Porcini from Europe taste better
 These were fair . I do n't feel they are AA quality . Would not repurchase .
 I went for these , when I got a free 30 bucks to spend with a new Amazon Credit Card , and Im glad I did n't pay full price.I was in the process of creating an authentic Bolognese Meat Sauce , and I wanted some very hearty mushrooms to add a bit of OOMPH to the sauce , which is meat and onion heavy , and I figured from the reviews that these are a meaty tasting mushroom . I also see the price asked for these at our local Giant Eagle grocery stores , so , yeah , I did get a bargain from their rip off pricing , but , these are basically taking up freezer space.I ordered two grades , a higher grade with bigger shroom pieces , less stems , etc , and in retrospect , should have just ordered the scraps , or even the dust , as I found the big pieces stayed a nasty tough chewy texture , even after hours of cooking , I also extracted just juice from the mushrooms , but the broth was n't strong enough to bother , I basically just chop these in the food processor , and add a LOT of them to get a change in flavor in recipes , the one ounce bags , do n't even bother with , because it takes a lot to get some flavor from them.In all honesty , I have not used another Poricini product , so I ca n't compare , but , I am disappointed with the results I got from these , it may be they do exactly what they are supposed to , for some one with a very tender palate , but , not for me , and in no case , are these ever going to be rehydrated and served on steak , they just stay too nasty of a product to serve by themselves , strictly good for grinding and using in a recipe .
 Almost put these into my shopping cart . I thought these snacks would be a great alternative to Goldfish crackers and fairly economical too . However , from the look of the photo of the package , it appears that the serving size is twice as large as it truly is . The written description shows that each bag is .9 ounces , while the photo shows a 2 ounce bag . I ca n't imagine how tiny the real individual packages would be ...
 Product was advertised as Porcini Powder . The product that we received was labelled ` Dried Mushroom Powder . ' It looked greyish rather than the richer cinnamon-brown color of porcini powders that I have purchased in the past from another company . More importantly , tasted/smelled like `` watered down '' porcini , not 100 % porcini . Looks like a ` bait and switch ' to me and we will definitely not order again .
 The Title of this item is grossly misleading . It implies that you are getting 288 ROLLS , when in fact you are only getting 24 rolls = 288 individual mints.The Title
 Dixie Carb Counters Dine 'n Dash Cream of Mushroom Soup Mix is not a cream of mushroom soup at all . It 's vey watery and the taste is n't good at all . I do not recommend this product for low carb dieters .
 I thought that this would be a good idea but it was not . The cereal gets old before is eaten when bought in this quantity for an individual . This might work better for a hotel continetial breakfast .
 Why would I pay $ 46.75 for this product , when the contents is equal to roughly 4 boxes of same type cereal , which , by the way , even here costs $ 19 ? The added convienance of the individual bowls ? Still not worth it . A pack of 60 disposable bowls runs at or about $ 6 . Sorry , this does n't add up . I would maybe go for this if it was under $ 25 , but close to $ 50 is defintely out !! Its a shame though because Special K is my main food source -LRB- eaten twice daily -RRB- in my current diet , and I 've dropped 5lbs in 11/2 weeks .
 Do not confuse this with the instant cup of instant soup mix that companies like Lipton make . This makes 3-4 times the amount . I 'm not saying this soup is bad , yet . After realizing this was an actual soup mix for more than one person I simply used half the package and consumed the portion I made in the microwave . I noticed it was like the ones I had made and eaten before just in a larger portion package . Same taste as the other brands and included green herbs in the soup mix for color and taste . One my second or third package a few days after receiving my order I noticed something was different about this soup they seemed to include some sort of dark herb or ultra condensed soup mix maybe ? These bits were smaller than a grain of rice but were noticeable , and there were n't too many about 1-4 but it was a little bigger than a few grains of pepper/salt . Upon examining one I had realized a horrible truth ... the soup was n't maybe from chicken !!!!! its made from dead insects that had been living in the soup mix !! -LRB- or at least had been in there from the packaging plant -RRB- just as you see in the movies to verify the horrible truth i ran to my kitchen to start check the open package i had , and there was another.I started ripping packages and dumping them onto a plate there were insects in these sealed soup mixes !!!!! called up amazon got a refund , and requested no new soup be sent out !!! Check your soup mixes !!!!!!!!!!!! These mixes were only 1-2 days old from me receiving them
 product is fine , everyone loves them , but I overpaid DOUBLE the price . They are at Sam 's Club for 8.99 for the same amount . Never AGAIN
 Despite what that photo looks like ... Order a can opener when you get these . The cans you will receive DO NOT have a pull tab . MISLEADING And I 'm not happy about that
 I ordered and received two packs of Swanson Premium Chunk Chicken Breast only to find up to 50 % chicken fat in each container . This is a shock , I am shortiing through each container to find chicken meat . I am on a fixed income and this is an expensive situation for me . I know I can not return this item and I trusted the Swanson brand .
 I love buying stuff online
 I bought these , and the concept is better than the delivery . When you fix it the box only looks 1/3 full . Makes me wonder why they did not just use a smaller box . Anyway the flavor was OK , but the salt is a little high for me .
 Needlessly complex directions ? check.Directions laid out poorly on box so that you jump from step 1 to step 3 ? check.Stupid novelty packaging that insures one of the flaps catches on the ceiling of your microwave and topples the contents all over ? check.Needlessly vertical box ? check.Smell of Windex as it cooks ? check.Revolting taste that resembles Thai food in no conceivable way ? check
 I just bought 1 box at Walmart last night and was SO excited to try it today . The sauce kinda scared me , as it was gelatinous and smelled like `` fishy '' fish . I was pleasantly surprised , however , to see that it LOOKED very appetizing once it was fully cooked and poured onto a plate . That is where it ended -- the food tasted absolutely dreadful . I am an avid curry fan , and have tried MANY different styles ... none resembled this one and none ever tasted so bad . I ca n't even describe it , but I would say a cross between cardboard and old fish with a hint of coconut and spice . I stuck with it for about 6-7 bites and had to throw it out : - -LRB- Oh well , back to WW SmartOnes for now ...
 I wanted to love this sooo badly . I adore red curry noodles . They desperately need to revamp the recipe . You can eat this , but you wo n't enjoy it much . Definitely do not buy without trying a single pack first .
 Very bland taste . . Not gud at all . rather just eat doritos than this . . first time tried these thai noodles . . shall never buy them again
 I bought this product at Wal-Mart . There was no outstanding , bold notice on the box that it contained SHRIMP PASTE in it , which is whole shrimp , legs , heads , tails , all ground to mush , and is extremely fishy-smelling . I followed the instructions - add water to fill line , then add all of the packages , which are not labeled , then added the noodles . I microwaved this product in the company kitchen break room , and now it stinks like a Chinese canal full of dead fish.After cooking the product as directed , I peered inside the open box . UGH . It looked like a bloody red concoction of fish innards . The odor was incredibly BAD . Instead of tossing the box into the kitchen trash I had to toss the box in the outside dumpster.While I do enjoy seafood , this horrible prank of a product stinks really bad . If you really enjoy the foul odor of dead fish , buy this product . Or , if you want to play a rude practical joke on your co-workers , go for it .
 I have had red curry in many places , both in the US and abroad and this is nothing like the real thing . There is hardly any curry or coconut flavors , and in fact it tastes more like pine sap than anything else . I followed the stove top directions -LRB- cooking food in cardboard seems weird to me -RRB- and was slightly put off by the aromas . They were n't horrible , but did n't smell like curry either . At first bite , my heart sank . I was expecting a rich , tongue-wrenchingly spicy red curry , and all I got was an artificially thickened , oddly pine needle tasting and not very spicy concoction . There are much better choices if you want easy , microwaveable lunches .
 We just tried the Red Curry Noodles yesterday -LRB- have n't tried others ; maybe they 're good -RRB- and we were horrified ! The smell while they cooked in the microwave was like a hideous mix of tamarind and fish , and the taste was as bad the smell , so we had to throw them out . I have spent significant time this afternoon looking up and implementing methods to deodorize the microwave as the nasty smell is lingering even though we left the microwave door open all day yesterday to air it out .
 My husband bought these thinking they looked good , We got them home , made them and the smell was awful . well we decided to taste them anyway BIG MISTAKE ! They tasted worse then they smelled ! Upon further consideration , we decided to not feed it to the dogs . We would n't want them to get sick ... we love our dogs .
 I just cooked these up in a pan on the stove . They tasted kinda `` okay '' for a few minutes . But since they needed to cool I put them down for a few minutes . When I tried them again , the taste was horrible.I am open to a drop in flavor over a genuine homemade curry noodle dish , but this is just awful . I will eat a thousand packs of oodles of noodles or ramen noodles before I ever try this again . Yuck ! I ca n't believe this product made it out of the test kitchen . Yeah ... it 's that bad .
 I did not buy these on Amazon . I just picked up a couple of boxes in the store . I thought they might taste pretty good but boy was I wrong . They have a terrible smell and taste even worse . I thought I was eating some sort of poison . I ate two bites , only because I could n't believe how bad it was the first bite . I think I would rather starve then have to eat these noodles . Only gave it one star because I had to .
 After reading the reviews I thought I 'd try these curry noodles . What A Mistake , YUK !
 The fish sauce used for this one is REALLY strong - it overpowered everything else . I like the Coconut Ginger one and Thai Peanut a lot , though , and they 're both gluten free , too .
 I began buying Trident gum for my daughter because it was advertised as `` sugarless '' and more importantly , contains Xylitol . Xylitol is commonly used in European countries as a sweetener that prevents tooth decay and produces no insulin rush.Well , my daughter -- a teen -- began experiencing diarrhea on a daily basis . We could n't figure it out -- she seemed fine ! -- except for frequent bathroom breaks . It became so bad that she asked me to pick her up from school , she did n't want to ride the school bus , `` just in case '' . Finally I thought to look at the ingredients on this gum . When I saw it contains mannitol -- a baby laxative -- I realized that was the culprit , especially for a girl who goes through 20 pieces a day ! Not only that , but on closer inspection I saw that this product contains Sucralose -LRB- Splenda -RRB- which has an `` iffy '' reputation , as Acesulfame , a cousin to Nutra-Sweet ; both of these are nasties on my list of artificial sweeteners.I guess it is back to Whole Foods to find chewing gum which contains Xylitol or Stevia -LRB- Stevia is my favorite sweetener -RRB- .
 The shipping weight of this item was listed as 4.8 ounces , and I misread this as the weight of the bars . The actual weight of the bars , as received , is one ounce each . This is very expensive , $ 61.92 a pound , for cocoa butter .
 A Taste of Thai 's Yellow Curry Rice is spicier than I like.Therefore , I much prefer Thai Kitchen 's Yellow Curry Rice.Thai Kitchen 's boxes , when purchased in bulk , also cost less.I use these rice mixes to create a lovely casserole.After the curry rice is cooked i mix in one can of tuna and some peas.You could add other mild flavored veggies to the dish depending on what you like.You could then crisp the top of the casserole in the oven or you could serve it right out of the pan ; - -RRB- Overall , I will not be buying this item again.But I will be purchasing Thai Kitchen 's version .
 I purchased this chicken so my son could take it in his lunch . The picture of the item shows the pull tab , easy off cap . But when the item arrived , it was a traditional can needing a can opener . Same product on the inside , but very disappointed in the packaging .
 I WILL NEVER BUY THIS PRODUCT AGAIN , , IT WAS WATER AND GREASE , , , MY DOG EATS THEM , ... !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SINCERELY , ME...!!!!!!!!!!!#@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@ha ha ha ha freedom of speach , , do n't forget about it ... !!!!!!!!
 As long as Kellogg 's uses GMOs this product is just too dangerous to consume . The corn used has been proven to disrupt major organs of the body . Other studies show a corrolation with impotency and decreased sex drive . No study has determined long term health hazards .
 Kellogg 's cereals contain genetically modified organisms , those are crops that have their DNA spliced with toxins or bacteria . Kellogg 's has paid over 600,000 dollars to fight against our right to know that there are GMO 's in our food ! I would not buy their cereal .
 We ordered the Favorite Assortment Pack , but that is not what we received . When we questioned our order , we were told they were out of stock on our original order , and we could not return the order we received . We wo n't order again .
 Great Kellogg 's cereal , all our favorites , but the portions per cup are way too big for any of us - we 'd do better with about half the size .
 I used to be a dedicated customer of Kellogg 's ... then I started educating myself in nutrition , agriculture , and health . Why does n't Kellogg 's USA properly label their plethora of `` food '' products as containing genetically engineered ingredients ? They have no problem manufacturing non-GMO cereals for other countries , and label appropriately those which do contain it . I own a small food manufacturing company , myself , and I am proud to be able to label ALL of my ingredients as non-GMO and organic . -LRB- It does n't cost a dime ! -RRB- I am a diligent label reader , and I vote with my dollars ! My friends and family do the same . We can win this , folks ! Peace .
 Kellogg 's cereals contain genetically modified organisms which have been patented by chemical companies that genetically engineered them in a lab and turned them into EPA registered pesticides . GMO Bt corn is an EPA registered pesticide and is one of the ingredients in Kellogg 's this products . YUK !!!! They are also made to be resistant to high levels of a chemical called glyphosate , an herbicide , which is linked to birth defects , cancer , organ damage and inflammatory bowel disease . It also has insecticidal properties and kills off beneficial gut flora . These GMOs have not been subjected to independent , long term , peer reviewed studies to prove that they are safe . These GMOs make my family sick . We do not pour pesticides on our food and we no longer eat anything that is an EPA registered pesticide . GMOs are linked to organ damage , faulty insulin regulation and obesity , autoimmune disease , autism and a whole host of other health and environmental problems . Kellogg has contributed $ 632,500 to a propaganda campaign in California which is spreading lies to convince people that they should vote again GMO Labeling -LRB- prop. 37 -RRB- in California on Nov. 6th because they do n't want you to know that they use GMO corn , soy , sugar and canola in their products . Frosted Flakes are NO LONGER G-R-RRREAT and neither are any of Kellogg 's other products . 50 countries around the world require that GMOs be labeled . Kellogg does not use GMOs in these countries . We are boycotting all Kellogg 's products . Join GMO Free USA , a grassroots consumer email initiative that is contacting Kellogg en masse with emails to tell them to Just Label It or remove it . Americans have the right to know what 's in their food ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Kellogg 's cereals contain genetcially engineered soy , corn , cottonseed , canola or sugar beets . Beware , these new foods have NOT been proven safe to eat . Google Jeffrey M. Smith or Robyn O'Brien to learn more about Genetically Engineered foods .
 Several of the apple jacks packages were opened ... it was only the apple jacks , but still creates a mess in the box . Amazon gave me a credit for the opened ones without any hassle , but I will not order again because I see I am not the only one with this issue , so it must be the manufacturer or something .
 We have the right to know if GMO 's are in our food . Please use real ingredients in your products , or label that they are GMO so we can avoid those toxins .
 The product picture shows 7 different cereals and the description only 6 . We did get all 7 and unfortunately we also go 6 boxes of Crave as part of 60 which we absolutely did not want . We also had two units that had popped open with the cereal spread in the box . The good news is that customer support prorated a reduction in our price to remove the items we did not request and the damaged item . Maybe the stars should be higher since they got about 80 % of the order correct and that is all we ended up paying for . I just really do n't like surprises and getting 8 different cereals when we only ordered 6 was definitely a surprise .
 We got this formula for our 2.5 month-old boy . He has been fussy and gassy , although his milk consumption is about 40 % formula and 60 % breast milk . We were hoping this would be the solution , as sometimes he cries out in obvious pain before passing incredible amounts of gas . It is heartbreaking.We immediately tried this as soon as it arrived , and it seemed like it was easier for him to pass , but then he had diarrhea that smelled terrible . No wonder ! The product is completely foul smelling , and I tasted it and it is probably the WORST thing I have tasted in my LIFE . I read reviews about it , and believe me , they are NOT exaggerating.After three days of using this formula , my son completely rejected it and chose starvation over this formula . We had to go back to our previous formula , Similac Sensitive for fussiness and gas , which after three days of Alimentum really did n't seem to cause him much more difficulty than the Alimentum.We thought maybe it would help with the gassiness , but honestly , it is so terrible that I really would n't recommend it unless your child has an actual milk allergy and really needs it . It smells and tastes terrible and is on the expensive side because of the processing required .
 I ended up throwing out the entire shipment -LRB- at a cost of over $ 100 -RRB- because my baby kept spitting up the milk and when I compared the smell to same type of milk I bought at Target , the smell was not the same .
 We thought we would try this since it seems to be the best if the best . My husband & I both gagged just fixing a bottle . The smell is horrendous ! I 'm sure it deserves 5 star reviews when parents are in need to help a child with true problems/concerns , but it 's not worth the money , smell , or smelling results from your baby if you are not in true need for this product due to your baby not reacting well to other formula options .
 The package for these cookies looks very inviting . I was hoping that the flavor of the cookies would be as delicious as the package . The cookies taste okay , though much less inviting than the picture on the package , and are significantly less delicious than genuine , fresh-baked cinnamon rolls . Worse , these cookies list sugar as the second largest ingredient and corn syrup as their fifth largest ingredient . Any product with that much sugar and corn syrup is unable to convince me that it is a `` healthy '' product , regardless of how many vitamins or other wholesome ingredients the product has.There are better tasting cookies , and there are cookies that are more up front about their calories . I am always suspicious of any cookie that claims to be healthy . Adding a few vitamins to sugar and corn syrup fails to make this cookie a health food . Do yourself a favor and either eat a genuine cinnamon roll , or get yourself some fruit and have a truly healthy snack.This review is based on a sample of the product provided to me by Amazon.Good luck !
 It 's just a cookie ... and quite a fattening one at that . One 1.76-ounce pouch of Cinnamania Cinnamon Buns comes in at a whopping 230 calories with a significant 30 % from fat . The contents consist of several small graham cracker-type cookies with a white sugar glaze to simulate rather half-heartedly the look of a cinnamon bun . The consistency , however , perhaps due to the enriched wheat flour , is anything but and a pale imitation of what you would buy at a Starbucks or bake from a Pillsbury roll-up package.In fact , the weakly-named Cinnamania is more akin to something from Mother 's Cookies , the kind of unmemorable confection you would find in one of those big bags you get at discount on Costco . The flavor is not bad , just undistinguished considering how it has been positioned as a proxy for a freshly-baked bun . The package exclaims that it 's a `` Good Source of Calcium and 4 Vitamins '' , but it hardly warrants an endorsement for its questionable nutritional value . If you have a need for a cinnamon bun , then I suggest you go to your nearest Cinnabon in order to justify the calorie intake .
 Kellogg 's has come up with the ultimate in unhealthful snack foods with these bite size sugar fixes . Sure , the graham snacks are made with whole wheat , but two of the most prominent ingredients are sugar and high fructose corn syrup . And , the `` buns '' do n't taste much of cinnamon . For my grocery cart , these tidbits are `` out . ''
 Could n't wait to try this one ... but when it came it was only average .
 The price per can works out to be higher than what it is in CVS/Walgreens stores . They are selling it for 14 dollars only . Why you guys are asking for 92 dollars for 6-pack , which means it will be around 15.3 dollars ?
 It is more expensive than Kroger or Meijer . Both Kroger and Meijer sell for $ 12.77 .
 Yes , I found a beetle larvae in our formula ! Do NOT buy this product . I called the company , they are aware of the issue and are refunding the money but that does n't take care of the problem . I switched to Enfamel enfacare . DO NOT BUY NEOSURE , PLEASE !!
 I signed up for the mom discount and came here to order this formula for my premie baby . 6 cans for 100 $ . However ive been to walmart , target , walgreens , and cvs , and the price difference is only 2 dollars more at those stores and I dont have to wait for shipping . I am unclear how this is a saving to the moms on the prime account . I wouldnt suggest buying it from the site .
 I ordered these to send to my son-in-law & his ` guys ' in Iraq thinking they would package nicely & give ` many ' of them an occasional treat for a sweet tooth.I LOVE chocolate chip cookies with milk so before I sent any over seas I tried a package & was extremely disappointed that they tasted hard & wooden even if eaten with milk.My 16 year old son also will not eat them and he eats anything : - -RRB- I disliked them SO much that I still have them in a plastic container in my pantry as I could n't make myself send our soldiers something that I would n't eat even when it 's late at night with no other sweets in the house.The only positive I found with this product is the quantity , and if the taste was acceptable I would have been thrilled to have paid the amount of money I did to have individual packages of two cookies to snack on occasionally myself , or our soldiers to have in addition to eating only MRE 's since they do n't take up much room & would give many a chance to have a sweet.I felt safe ordering this product because of the Keebler name & would not have considered it if it had been an unknown name to me , thus I was doubly disappointed once I tasted a cookie.I actually threw away the remainder of ` my ' 2 cookie package & have no idea what I 'll end up doing with them since it IS a lot of money to just throw away.Possibly if you have toddlers they would find the taste acceptable , other than that they just take up space .
 I bought a bag of these peppercorns last Christmas . My whole family agreed , they smelled and tasted awful , kind of a `` barnyard '' smell . I have used other brands of mixed peppercorns and never smelled or tasted anything this bad . Ended up just throwing the rest of the bag away . Not recommended .
 I was really disappointed when I received my tin of raz el hanout from Blessac . I do n't know what to make of the earlier 5 star reviews . Perhaps Blessac has changed its supplier or its recipe . There are only 7 ingredients in this mix - turmeric , cumin , ginger , cinnamon , pepper , clove and chili . It smells and tastes more like Indian curry powder than ras el hanout . For me , this purchase was a waste of money .
 Not trying to be too mean here , but this smoked salt is awful . Sure , it has a nice smokey smell when you open the tin but whatever flavor you 're hoping to get out of the pink - colored powdery salt is not worth your time . Instead , try course grain un-ground styles and double check it 's black and not pink colored .
 Product had nice `` hotness '' to it , but it was short on flavor . Rather on the bland side . I would contrast this to some of the `` Kitchens of India '' products , where there 's a nice `` hotness '' but massive flavor at well . I know it 's apples/oranges , but just `` hot '' without the flavor of spices/layers-of-ingredients is not for my taste .
 This mix is not really that great . The aroma is very strong vanilla , but not a pleasant vanilla . It smells like a cheap vanilla candle . The flavor is very artificial , which surprised me when I reviewed the ingredients . I ca n't say that I hate it ... but I really do n't like it . I ca n't return it and I have no idea what to do with the other 5 unopened cans .
 I tried this product when it was marketed under another brand and found it to be quit good , even recommending it to a friend . This iteration is entirely too salty.A note to Frito Lay - This is a chili mix , not Frito 's . Adjust the salt level accordingly .
 Maybe I received a bad shipment but this salsa didnt live up to the rave reviews . Like another reviewer stated , it is pretty bland - especially for those who prefer something with a little more kick.Also , almost every plastic bottle in my shipment looked like it was about to explode and basically did when opening the tamper-proof seal . Result was splattered salsa all over the place . Not worth the hassle .
 I rated this product a 2 because this game is designed to be played be a husband and wife but the questions are questionable.If you are looking for a romantic evening you do n't want questions like , `` have you ever had sex with a co-worker , at work ? '' Many of the questions do nothing for building relationships . For some of you , it might lead to a fight.The folks who developed questions for this game seem like a bunch of juveniles who do n't understand the context of the game . This game would be much better if it had positive relationship building questions instead of Beeves and Butt-head humor .
 I ordered 2 bottles of lavender honey on line , and have never received the product . what is amazon going to do about this . i have emailed the supplier and have received no response . i want my money back . please arrange to have my credit card credited with the appropriate amountfrances maisfkmais@gmail
 I was excited when i first opened the package . However , one of the bar was opened , and it was torn and eaten by something or someone . The expiration date was in 2 months .
 This was not our favorite smoked salmon through amazon . It 's overly fishy tasting and the skin is on one side so it 's not a net 3 pounds . The one we prefer through amazon is the 2 pound Atlantic smoked salmon -LRB- vendor is J.R Mushroom -RRB- and is fairly close to the Scottish smoked salmon which is the gold standard . If you can splurge for the St. James Reserve Scottish smoked salmon -LRB- ca n't remember the vendor -RRB- , you 'll be very pleased as we do n't think it can be beat anywhere and is a very special indulgence over the holidays or any time you have a hankering for top notch smoked salmon .
 First of all , this is a 10 % Kona BLEND , it is not 100 % Kona coffee!Second , it is a 7 oz . bag , which is less than 1/2 pound.For the price , you would do better to go direct to the Lion Coffee site . So much for rarity.As for flavor , it 's not much better than cafeteria coffee . I found it lacking in aroma and flavor.Granted , the lion is a great looking brand , and it makes a cool souvenir to bring back to friends but , like the Macadamia nuts , it tastes much better in the islands . Save your money and buy a keychain instead . If you 're looking for a nice Kona blend , keep looking .
 It arrived quickly & in good condition . It has good flavor . Nice product .
 This used to be a good product , but now the quality went down the hill . Not sure what happened , but it looks like they are trying to save money and sell very low quality now.I will not buy form them anymore : - -LRB-
 The Jasmine flavor is VERY weak , and the amount of pearls represents a very low value for the amount of money paid to the quantity of product received . A couple of days worth of product .
 2011 . Sadly they were delivered very short before expiration date . My 20 pack came on 25th of the month prior to next month as expiration date . So do not buy a lot at once to avoid diabetic coma when you have to eat them all at once before they go bad ... Yes - you keep them refrigerated at all times . I wish the sales pages would advise about SHORT SHELF LIFE.SECOND PURCHASE 2012 : : : The item arrived in January 2012 , with expiration date in NOVEMBER 2011 . After few emails with dismissive statements like : `` the chocolates are still good for several months after the sell by expiration dates '' , I decided to accept 50 % discount . I have suspicion that this was not a innocent mistake , because the bottoms of all 10 packages look like rubbed off so that the expiration dates were very faint . I was not happy with how the matter was handled and did not appreciate the attitude of representative , which I did expressed in my `` Sellers feedback '' . Today I received 2 PHONE CALLS - first to me , but after I refused to discuss anything by phone , my husband , who picked up second call minutes later -LRB- which I see as harassment !!! -RRB- , had to listen the threat that if i would not remove my review , they will set the lawyer on me !!! I do have my phone companies record for that . I never heard of so offensive handling of complaint !!! I do not want anything from this company < < Otto 's Euopean Import Store >> > and will not buy from them in the future . All of a sudden the page here has '' `` different '' '' seller .
 Not so good like buy it in europe . Taste a little bit old , like it was on the closet for a long time.expensive . .
 I had a similar experience to the other 1 star reviewer - received the product and found the expiration date was less than a month . Opened the package and the chocolate looked like it was heated and cooled again . Chalky texture and taste . This is NOT what the product should taste / look like.Would not buy again from this seller
 Is this `` Texas Style '' a new version of French 's Chil-o mix ? Did they change the receipe ? I have enjoyed Chil-o mix for years and love the stuff . I made a huge pot -LRB- 10 packs -RRB- and no one could eat it . Just to damned hot and spicy . What happened ?
 Not the European Nutella that was specified . . its from canada , in the same plastic jar Costco sells , for over twice the price . Ripoff !
 Perhaps a little picky of me but the item I received is of inferior quality from the one pictured.I received this
 I received this as a gift from my wish list . I love fancy salts , but when I opened the jar I was overwhelmed by a musty smell . It has not gone away . I 've never had this brand before , but that does n't seem normal to me . Has anyone else had this experience ?
 I read a review and was excited to try this salt . I did n't think it was anything special and would highly recommend Morton 's Kosher Salt which is far superior and more flavorable in my opinion . It is available at any grocery store and much cheaper too !
 This stuff is okay for what it is . But if you are a Aussie this is not Aussie Milo . I guess I need to get my dad to post some more : - -RRB-
 yuck , yuck , and yuck . I ate about three of them and tossed the rest . Do n't even want to subject my tricker treaters to this GRAINY caramel ! They are just weak and sugary ... no sense of caramel at all !
 I do n't think I realized how soft this ` soft eating ' licorice was going to be . It 's so soft as to be almost mushy . It has no resistance to bite at all . The flavor is ok , about on par with black twizzlers really . I did n't find the licorice taste to be strong enough . It 's very mild . I bought this over my usual Katjes licorice , as it was convenient , but I do n't think I 'll be trying it again . If you like a stronger licorice taste with that little hit of ammonia , pass this up for a good Dutch or German variety .
 The amount of liquorice in this order appears much less than my last order . I still have a few packages from my previous and when compared , the latest order appears much lighter.Thank You , Richard Farrah
 Very poor quality licorice the only licorice worth buying is Panda . panda is far and away the best.and I have been buying licorice for 70 years
 I reviewed this licorice several months ago and gave it 5 stars . I deleted that old review because of extreme inconsistencies in this product . When it is good it is beyond 5 stars . I loved it so much I even preferred it over RJ 's . I had a case a month auto delivered to get the discount . For several months it was the perfect licorice but the last case I received last week was HORRIBLE !!! It seriously tasted just like the smell of Preparation-H ointment ! I wrote to the company to tell them about this and gave them the control numbers off the case . I am trying to get a refund from Amazon as well . Until they get this quality control issue fixed I am going back to RJ 's . While RJ 's tends to be very inconsistent in texture from firm to very soft , the flavor has always been close to the same . I still like Darrell Lea better when it is well , normal . The Line No . on the case was 07-938 Exp . Jan. 27 2010 , if that helps . Licorice must be very difficult to make , guess thats why there are no recipes out there at all !
 The taste , at first , is the sharp , not-too-sweet flavor of licorice that I like . By the time the first bite was swallowed , however , I noticed a very strong chemical aftertaste that overrides the licorice goodness . I found the overall experience of eating this licorice to be unpleasant , so will stick to my favorite Kookaburra Black Licorice , in spite of the fact that it is more expensive.Kookaburra Licorice , Black , 10-Ounce Pouches -LRB- Pack of 4 -RRB-
 I bought this with high hopes of being able to grow a plant for my younger cousin . I am a gardner myself so I was pretty excited . However the plant NEVER grew no matter what I did . To me it was a waste of money time and resources . DO NOT BUY . Get a plant from a florist or even from Home Depot - it 'll be better than this piece of crap .
 I 've bought two of these and none of them grew ! It might just be my inability to keep anything alive , but these did not grow for me .
 Was this toy fun ... Well not really since nothing grew out of it . If an egg full of dirt is your thing then you 're all set.Educational value ... This might confuse kids with the whole chick and the egg thing.It 's an Egg . . It 's not durable.Over all the concept is neat . Great present for someone who likes plants and eggs , but the execution sucks . I 'm getting Sea Monkey 's next time .
 Choose this rating because it never grew . Was a novel idea but definately would not recomment it to anyone . Very disappointed in this product .
 the photo looks great . Too bad what i got had slivered almonds - not a single whole almond in the box!don ' t waste your money . the picture looks NOTHING like what they send . They should have to put up a photo of what it really looks like . they would n't sell any !!!!! VERY DISAPPOINTED and feel cheated
 We bought these cola flavored candies for my son to pass out in class while doing his presentation on the inventor of Coke , John Pemberton . They taste TERRIBLE , and there was no way we could use them . They were a waste of our money .
 i bought this 5 pound bag of candy because the reviews were all beaming about how good these are and i 've bought the gummy frogs in the past and liked those so i thought i 'd give this a try . These are gross ... not only that , but they 're huge . i recommend the gummi frogs as a better alternative . Now i know to try out the candy in a smaller portion first , before investing in my next 5 pound bag . 2 stars because well it 's not fair to people who like these to say they are absolutely terrible , but still , now i have a 5 pound bag of candy i have to get rid of .
 Aloha Island Coffee Company Bonzai Pipeline Dark Roast is a very mediocre , insipid coffee , rather acidic for a dark roast . The beans are of unknown origin , but if there are any Kona beans in this anonymous mix , they must be the ones other roasters threw out as it does n't even vaguely taste like Kona . Actually , Aloha Island Coffee Co. is n't even in Hawaii , it 's located in Santa Ana , CA , an area not exactly known for great coffee . The coffee is extremely overpriced for the poor quality you get , which is why I gave it one star , and you would be better off buying some of the better brands commonly sold in supermarkets at about one-third the price . I ordered the 2-8 oz bags , but I could n't even make it through the first one and have thrown the second in the garbage . I would never buy anything from Aloha Island Coffee company again .
 Product looked and smelled great - however , it was not clear from the description that this product is for non-ESE pod machines . I like the idea of organic and US source , this just did n't work for me .
 The product I reveived is just grease , and does n't resemble the product pictured in the least . Very dissapointed with it .
 Will not buy again . The flavor was not what I would call cola . they really did n't smell like any cola I have smelled . Sure wo n`t buy again . Really was disappointed .
 My son has accepted these gummies immediately . Their chewable form and the cola flavor are pleasant and they complete his diet so well . Besides his attention has improved and he is calmer .
 This particular batch was lacking the usual `` fizzy '' taste and texture . However , they were sweet and chewy .
 These candies are not bursting with flavor . I do n't know if I just got a bad batch but they are rather bland .
 I thought this gummy candy would taste like cola - turns out it is citrus flavored and sour . Not at all what I expected .
 this product is like a laxative . It made me go twice after the first bite
 When I bought the small bag in the store , it was great . After I bought the 5lbs bag , not anymore . It is hard and taste like other gummi candies . I felt cheated . I was looking forward to receiving it , now I do n't even want to eat it . They must have shipped an old bag to me . Probably wo n't buy from them again . At least not food .
 I love the regular Haribo gummie bears but these taste like artificial green lime . They do make me burp though !
 Received 5 lb poly bag of cola flavored gummies ... very disappointing ... they are harder and difficult to chew . Not like the Haribo Gummi bought at Walgreens in a small package , which were soft and easy to chew . Are these dried out ? Old stock ?
 I took a chance on these because of all the positive reviews you find on this product on multiple websites . I ordered a 5lb bag of the Haribo Happy Cola 's and I have to say I 'm very disappointed . They are extremely chewy . . it 's literally like chewing on a dry piece of caulk . No matter how long you chew , it does n't break down . . it may as well be a piece of rubber . If you suck on them they last for quite some time , obviously , but that cola taste is not there . You get a slight hint of cola when you first pop one in , but after that time passes -LRB- 5-10 seconds in -RRB- you 're left with a wet noodle made out of caulk that tastes like corn syrup.There must be a huge group of people who like generic candy out there or a heck of a lot of Haribo workers boosting these reviews . I certainly do not see anything positive what-so-ever to write about this product and I absolutely do not recommend anyone buy these .
 I bought these cause they were cheap and had lots of good reviews.However , these dont taste like cola ... at all . They taste like some weird combination of ginger root and oranges . Needless to say , coke is not made out of ginger root and orange peels , so I am disappointed.These are a must buy ... if you like the combination of ginger and orange.On a positive note ... they were very gummy , almost annoyingly so , but just like the regular bears are .
 I purchased these hoping they would taste as good as some made in indiana . I was wrong they smell funny and taste even worse .
 These are ok . The best way to describe the taste is that they taste exactly like pepsi cola that 's gone flat . They 're not terrible but they also are n't that great .
 after trying different flavors of albaneese gummy bears -- The lemon Albaneese gummy bears have a distinct realistic lemon flavor and is not too sweet -- these cola gummies are hard to chew on - the flavor is a slight cola flavor , the degree of sweetness is bland -- if you like chewing and biting on a gummy for lenghty time that 's somewhat bla this is a description of this product
 Then this is the gummy candy just for you . Your kids wo n't touch it . Do n't even offer any to them , they 'll just spit the first piece right out.Did someone say these taste like a flat cola ? Yeah , a cheap supermarket brand that 's been left open on a window sill , in the sun , for two weeks.The Gold Bears are super to leave on a positive note .
 Order arrived promptly via Amazon Prime , but the Happy Colas were very stale . The gummies in every pack were hard as rocks . Ordered Gold Bears as well . Gold Bears were fresh . Better quality control is necessary .
 I did n't think it tasted very much like cola , rather , it tasted like some type of fruit . It was harder than I expected too .
 These are ok . The best way to describe the taste is that they taste like pepsi cola that 's gone flat . They 're not terrible but they also are n't that great .
 way too sweet . 2 or 3 is all I can manage in one go . make sure you try a small pack before buying the 5 pound bag !!!
 I love Haribo Gold Bears and the Rolls of the disks , but the consistency of the Haribo Gummi Pink Grapefruit is very strange . It is similar to the sugared sliced fruit , but with hard pieces throughout . Some people love the sliced fruit candies , my husband does , but not me . Hopefully my husband will like these otherwise they will go to waste .
 Unlike the Haribo grapefruit slices I have always received these are hard and less flavorful . I would decribe them as &#34; stale &#34; .
 I think a better description of all Non-Traditional , Gummy Products as these are needed to eliminate confusion . These Gummy s , as the other Single Fruit Line are covered in Crystallized Sugar , and are more of a Sweet candy . Traditional Gummbybears are aSoft in and out single source candy , the one we had as kids , these are quite sweet and hard to enjoy .
 Think Twice Friends ! I love Bresaola ! I have eaten more than my fair share and I will caution you on ordering this product . 1-My order weighed in a exactly 1 pound 3 ounces , which is 40 % less than what I paid for . 2 - This meat has a distinct plastic taste and smell that penetrates the outer third of the meat . I paid for next day shipping to ensure the product would not be mishandled in shipping . After a month , I got a partial refund , with prodding Ditalia via email . Final cost was
 One you 've had Albert 's Hot Sauce it 's hard to find a good one and this one was n't hot enough for me . I also bought the queso and threw it out after a few people tried and we all thought it was horrific .
 While these were so cute to look at , when I tasted them and had other people give them a try , the overwhelming response was YUK .
 This product have no flavor at all , I could not taste apple or any other ! It was just something sweet . Also it had a bad smell!Am used to the Haribo bears , sold in the US market , they have a noticeable taste , they are made in Turkey . While these bad Frogs are made is Spain ... maybe that why they taste and smell funny !!?
 Haribo makes a wide range of candies , including some world class goodies , but this is not one of them . The frogs are made of a hard gummi , and are all green except for a thin white layer on the frogs ' bellies . You might not recognize them as frogs unless you 're told . There is no discernible taste or texture difference between the white and green substances , and in any case , the flavor is unidentified , unidentifiable , and not very good . It definitely is not lime , as advertised . Maybe somebody likes this stuff , but I did n't . I set the bag out at the office after my first sample .
 We have enjoyed these candy Frogs in the past but these wre not nearly as good . I was expecting these to be the tasty treet of the past but these were made in another country and had a different rather unpleasant taste .
 I disagree with the other Haribo fans on this product page . These frogs are not particularly tasty . The reason ? The white stuff at the bottom of each `` frog '' . No idea what it 's called , but it does n't taste good . Frankly , it tastes like frog!Only two stars for you this time , Mr. Haribo.Otherwise , this product line is excellent . What do you think I consume when I 'm writing these meaningless and cheap Amazon reviews ? ; - -RRB- Forget about these barely edible frogs , and go for the gummi bears , Schnuller or Tropi-Frutti instead !
 made my teeth itch , so sugary it was sickening . I had to give them away . I feel bad for whoever gets them
 As of today Sept 7th , 2010 I still have not reeived this product and I ordered on the 5th of August ! Emailed the company and no will responed to me . Will never order from them again as I have now paid for a product that I have not gotten and they will not give me a credit !!!
 Do n't order a case of these if you 've never had them . I love all the other Haribo gummies I 've had -LRB- bears , cokes , burgers , etc -RRB- , but found these weird and did n't enjoy them . I 'm probably just not used to crunchy things on my gummies , but I gave the rest of the case away .
 I really love the gummi raspberry candies . These are n't particularly soft or fresh-tasting , and the candy non-pareils -LSB- the little beady candies -RSB- are a bit too large . Perhaps other Haribo candies are better , but I ca n't enthusiastically recommend these .
 I really like these and was excited I found them online although after receiving them they were to stale and hard to eat .
 These crackers taste great and we like that they are organic . However , the texture is too soft to make it through shipping . We buy and enjoy other Late July products at the local branch of a popular grocery store that features lots of imports and organics , such as their cheese flavored and whole grain crackers . Perhaps if that store carried this type they 'd be okay to purchase from there , but when we opened the case of these that arrived on our doorstep from Amazon , about half the crackers in each box had been reduced to fine crumbs during shipping .
 These are a nice alternative to huge brand crackers , however they taste like pure salt . Try the `` saltine '' Late July crackers . I really regret buying these .
 I purchased * five pounds * of raspberries and blackberries because I 've had Haribo gummi bears before and really enjoyed them , plus the price ca n't be beat -LRB- usually just five ounces is two to three dollars , imagine getting five whole pounds for fifteen dollars ! -RRB- . I DID NOT ENJOY these . Buy the gold gummi bears instead.These raspberries blackberries are too sweet and have a weird consistency.They are nothing like the Jelly Belly raspberries blackberries -LRB- which are lovely little drops of heaven -RRB- . I was very uncertain buying raspberries blackberries online , because I was n't sure if I would get cruddy old stale raspberries blackberries that endanger your teeth and taste of old wax.That was not the case with me.These raspberries blackberries seem fresh , and were well packaged and delivered promptly.I purchased the raspberries blackberries on Jan 27 2009 . I received them on Jan 30 2009 . They were fresh and squishy , and well packaged . They shipped from Indianapolis and arrived in DC three days later . Terrific.Too bad you have to buy two bags to get free shipping , now I have 10 pounds of candy lying around ! Five pounds of which I really hate.I would not recommend this product . Go for the Haribo standard bearer , the gold gummi bear instead .
 I was so excited to find these online for such a great price . I rarely write reviews but after biting into one of these all I can say is `` yuk ! '' For some reason I thought these were like those tasty little raspberries you pick upat the Cracker Barrel . They are definately not ! Hope the rest of the family isnt as picky as I am : - -LRB-
 I had hoped these would be like the ones you buy from the Jelly Belly group but these arae more of a jelly -LRB- not gummi - at all -RRB- - I 've had the cola and cherries by Haribo , but these are NOT like that . I 'm very DISAPPOINTED !!
 I did n't like them at all . WAY TOO SWEET ! They 're not as gummy and chewy as you 'd expect from Haribo . I did n't taste a whole lot of raspberry flavor either ; maybe I 'd had better ones . Originally , I thought there were the same gummies I received at Christmas from a friend who 's living in Europe ; but boy , was I disappointed . My husband and kids did n't like them ; my husband then brought the candies to work - they were n't a hit either . I tried to give the candies away and nobody wanted them . I read the other reviews before I bought these and except for 1 review , all the other customers seemed to love these . Well , good for you if you love them ; we definitely do n't enjoy them at all .
 Maybe i had a different brand , but these were no way close to the ones i had in the 80 's . The ones from the 1980 's , were soft chewy , almost a gel , and tasted like real fruit . I use to by them at a bulk candy store that had other imported candies . Oh well .
 Package was opened during shipping . Bag is a brittle cellophane that was splitting while removing from box . Candy itself too sweet , slightly stale , had a grainy sugary texture , and the jelly inside was not as smooth and flavorful as it should be .
 Loked forward in getting these and was disappointed when I got them . Ca n't return because I opened the package . If you want the real raspberry & blackberry candies , get the Jelly Bellies , these are the true flavored ones .
 We are scheduled to receive a bag of Raspberry gummis once a month . Today we received the candy for the second time with the bag slit and the candy throughout the box . The box contained other items . It was evident that whoever packed the box knew the bag was slit and tried to conceal it by putting it upside down and thus guaranteeing that all the candy was contaminated .
 bought a lot of in a sale 10 cents the bag and at the beginning when first tasting it was like like eating plastic cheap plastic but since im to cheap to throw away 5 dollars i keep eating them by the end i wanted more so i guess youll get use to anything
 Crunchy balls of candy on the outside , chewy gummy in the inside . Sounds clever , but these are mostly gross . The black ones are more bitter than sweet . The red ones have a slight raspberry flavor and are tolerable , but nothing special . Do n't buy 5lbs of these unless you are really sure you like them .
 I 'm a big fan of many gummi candies -- especially the Jelly Belly version of this product , but it can be expensive and harder to find . I thought I would give this brand a try -- BUT WHAT A MISTAKE !!! The candy is giant , the `` seeds '' are waxy balls , and the gel inside has no flavor at all . The red ones especially have a chemical taste . Amazon issued a refund and I 'm throwing these away . Save your $ $ $ for the real thing !
 I had read the raving reviews for this product which outnumbered the bad reviews so I bought them . Never again ! They had absolutely no raspberry taste . Do n't waste your money .
 i did n't like this product at all and ended up tossing it . the soft inner part of the candy tasted really good but the hard , beady outer part was a headache . i ended up having to peel/scrape all the outer beady thingies off the candies just to get to the soft , jelly/gummy part of the candy . in the end it was just not worth the effort so i took it as a loss and threw it all away . since every person is an individual and has their own tastes , if you want to give it a try go for it . as for me and my opinion , i did n't like these candies at all as long as those outer beady thingies were on them . by-the-way , the beady thingies had no raspberry fruity taste to them , only the inner gummy part had flavor . the beady parts just had a sweet , flavorless taste .
 Disappointing . Fair to good raspberry flavor with gummi chewy core , but the tiny pure sugar pellets coating -LRB- to mimic raspberry form -RRB- is sickening sweet . Ca n't imagine who would enjoy the product.Would not buy again . Need to stick with the original slightly tart and chewy Gummi Bears .
 The concept of this candy -LRB- `` seeds '' on the outside ; gummy in the middle -RRB- sounds delicious and may even look irresistable but buyer beware . These are nothing special and mostly gross !
 I ordered this item which came in a flat rate USPS box . I got an Identical box from another vendor . My purchase from Online Candy Store was $ 29 with $ 35 shipping . The identical flat rate box from another vendor was $ 9.80 shipping . There is something seriously wrong with this kind of service . NOT WORTH THE PRICE , DO NOT RECOMMEND ORDERING FROM THIS SITE . If I had not given this as a gift , I would have returned it .
 this is so sugar !! nothing but sugar !! no fruit taste . . and blackberry was bitter taste !! I oreded jelly belly gummi again . . I tried anyway . . but there was a reason this is so cheap I think . . I do n't know why people like it . . maybe did n't try jelly belly 's
 I thought it was nasty , you should n't rely too much on reviews , which I mistakenly did . If you 're looking for to sweet candy with a lot of texture and a gummy inside then this might be for you . My advice is to buy a smaller bag to try it out , or you 'll be stuck with candy you do n't want . It 's either a like or dislike.Haribo Gummi Candy , Raspberries , 5-Pound Bag
 I have eaten these candies for years , and usually the Jelly Belly brand . But after reading all the great reviews , and the low price , I ordered a five pound bag , and looked forward to their arrival . When I opened the box , the flimsy bag had split open and the candies spread everywhere . The outside of the candy is supposed to be crunchy , but they were about as crunchy as a jelly donut . The jelly inside was tough , and the overall taste , well the only word that comes to mind is yucky . Now , I am stuck with five pounds of candy that wo n't be eaten , and I ca n't mail it back , because it will cost as much as the product , to mail it . After reading this , and you still decide you want to order a bag , at least get the smaller three pound bag . That way , if you do n't like it , you wo n't be out so much money .
 My family fell in love with Haribo Raspberries this fall when we tried our first bag from a local store-they were an instant hit . Fresh , vibrant colors , the non-pareils -LRB- sugar balls -RRB- on the outside burst in your mouth as you tasted them . Yum!However , I was instantly disappointed when the box I ordereed from Amazon arrived , instead of a fresh , vibrant red , the berries that should have been red were a faded , dingy tan-peach color . The black ones were still black , but when you handled them it left a brown residue on your fingers as if the color was leaching out of them.The color was n't the only problem-the non-pareils did n't have that `` burst '' quality , they were rather bland and tasted old . I think the candy was old , or perhaps improperly stored , because it was still within the expiration date by a few months . Whatever the case , the large bag was nowhere near the quality or flavor that the locally purchased Haribo Raspberries were , and I 'll not make that mistake again .
 Very disappointed , too sugary , made a mistake buying 2 5-pound bags , ready to toss them to the trash.Not fruity at all , not any close to Haribo gummi bears , which I love !
 Packages arrived quickly and product was fresh ; HOWEVER , I really did n't need boxes of cracker crumbs , and that 's what arrived .
 The old and new price are very similar.The old bar 2.2 oz the new bar 1.98 ozprotein was 14g now 10gsugar was 19g now 22g , fat was 6g now 4.5 vitamins were lesser quantities now greater quantities.Sugar used to be fourth on content list and is now second.Alkalized cocoa powder used to be second fr content and isnow fourth . Sugar is also present as corn syrup and isadded in the Genisoy blend.The roasted soy nuts seem to be removed.Calories were 240 are now 210 . The undefined carbs have gone down from 11g to 8g with theGenisoy blend reformulated.The new taste is sweet . I used to cut the old bar in halffor a twice a day treat . The empty packaging could have been cutby a third for the new bar . I like fats rather than sugar so thefood lasts longer than a sugar high .
 Genisoy flat out lies in their description.They advertisize that these bars contain 14 grams of protein , but there is only 10 ! That 's 30 % less than what they claim .
 I did not care for the taste or texture . I was able to get rid of these by sharing them at parties .
 These were definitely not a great purchase . My family generally enjoys anything that is dried/freeze dried , but we could n't eat these .
 I really wanted to like these because I love edamame and I 'm always looking for healthy snacks I can keep tucked away in my office -LRB- for afternoon ` munchy ' emergencies -RRB- ! I bought this along with the ` Roasted Veggies ' mix of which I will review separately because I had a much better experience with those.The flavor itself is n't bad but the freeze drying technique just does n't translate well for these soybeans . It was like popping a handfull of sponges and dry chalk into my mouth . Chewing on a bunch of these will instantly dry out your mouth and the resulting texture/mouthfeel is uncomfortable and well ... unpleasant.As another reviewer suggested , these might work well as a salad topping to add extra crunchiness assuming you like crunchy salads . I might consider using them as a garnish on top of a nice hot bowl of tomato soup . I would not repurchase this item or recommend this to anyone else .
 If you are looking for freeze-dried sweet corn , you wo n't find it here . This item is basically half-popped corn , coated in oil . It is not sweet . It tastes pretty much like popcorn . Though advertised as low in fat , it contains 7 grams of fat per 28 gram serving . I 'm not even sure that this product has been freeze-dried , like other Crunchies products.For freeze-dried sweet corn , I 'd suggestJust Corn . Admittedly , I have n't tried any other brands . However , it is leagues better than these Crunchies , which I am now stuck with 12 packs of .
 1 -RRB- these candy bars were apparently made for overseas distribution but never got distributed . Now the vendor needs to offload them . I ordered from a company in Mass. figuring that all the reviews talking about candy with asian/indian language on the wrapper might be avoided but it was not . Seems you will get these `` overseas '' bars wherever you get them from . Even if only one state over .2 -RRB- more to the point , these bars were horrible tasting . I took two bites of the first one , and then tossed the entire group in the trash.There it is then . Hail Flavius !
 I had never tried these before but how can you go wrong with chocolate and coconut . These fall apart all over the place and the taste was just awful . I had about two bites and threw all the rest in the trash . I 'm sure glad I did n't pay much for them .
 This is a difficult review for me because I love the Cadbury Flake bars . However , the bars I received from Trade Concepts are stale and brittle . I thought I 'd cut cost instead of having a friend send them to me . You get what you pay for . Instead of my tasty flakey chocolately bar , I got a flat , pale looking crumbling mess -LRB- except for the places where it had melted and fused together -RRB- . In all Flake is an excellent product . I 'd give it 4.5 stars . But you have to be careful of the seller . It might be better to buy them from an import gourmet food store or have someone in the UK -LRB- if you know someone -RRB- mail them to you . I 've learned my lesson .
 i was so excited to order this candy as i havent had any for 23 yrs ... when i was last in germany ... and to my horror . . this candy tasted like it had been saved for that period of time ... it was so stale ... i was very disappointed . i love cadbury candy ... but for the cost , this was not worth it ... guess i 'll have to wait till i go overseas again .
 I am british and every year I try to get special items for Christmas . I just ate one of these flakes and it was stale and dry . I could not tell what the use by date was as it was in arabic . This is the first time I have used this company , will not use them again .
 I loved Flake bars when I lived in England , and I 've missed them . In spite of the bad reviews and warnings , I took a chance and ordered them here . Complete waste of money . :-LRB- They 're obviously made for export as they 're covered in Arabic writing . It 's hard to even determine where they were made . They say -LRB- in English -RRB- that they 're made * for * Cadbury , but not where they 're made . I do n't really care so much about that or the inability to read the wrappers , but the quality is AWFUL . They 're all dried up , chalky looking , and off-tasting . I tried to finish one , but could n't get past 2 bites . Now I 'm stuck with 5 more that I 'd only give to someone I did n't like . I 'd give them to some unlucky Trick-or-Treaters , but I do n't want them to TP my house . : -LRB-
 Received the candy 3 days after it 's expiration date . Disappointed as I expected to received candy that would last a long time .
 The candy was so stale and it has some arabic writing on it ? When I ordered , it said shipped from U.K. so I do n't know why they have foreign language printed on it . Total disappointment . Disgusting !
 I love Flake . I get it whenever I go to Ann Arbor , as the World Market down there is the closest place that sells it -LRB- an hour and a half drive for me -RRB- . So I know what this is supposed to taste like , and ... this is not it.The candy is stale . I would think this is a seller problem , not Cadbury 's ... but according to Amazon I 'm wrong about that -LRB- as I tried to leave seller feedback about the state of the candy -RRB- . The thing is , not all of the bars were stale . Also , I 've purchased a six pack of these before at World Market , and the six bars came in a packaging clearly made for them . It had the nutritional information on the back , the design on the front , etc. . These bars came in a clear plastic wrap container with a big white sticker that said ` Flake 6 Count . ' Clearly not the original packaging.I wont purchase again . I 'll hold out for a trip to Ann Arbor . So much for saving myself the hassle.EDIT
 Imagine ordering chocolate that is supposed to be from England and receiving chocolate wrapped in paper with Pakistani language -LRB- Urdu -RRB- all over it . Yes , it contained English translation but I did n't order candy from Pakistan . I ordered candy from England thru Trade Concepts . The candy is not `` flaky '' but rather stale and old and tasted like cheap milk chocolate . If this indeed comes from England , why do the wrappers indicate they are from Pakistan?I also ordered the `` Crunchie '' -LRB- which is nothing even close to the Violet Crumble from Australia -RRB- . These too are from Pakistan . The center is not flaky or crunchy or crumbly but rather stale and old.If you advertise that something is `` from England '' that is the only packaging it should be in . Because of the Urdo all over the wrappers , I can only assume that perhaps Trade Concepts imports from England , removes the wrapper and then rewraps them in their own wrappers ? I 'm sure the FDA would be interested in this practice.I see by some of the other reviews that I was not the only customer deceived .
 I went out of my way to locate Stephen 's Gourmet Cinnamon Hot Cocoa . I was very disappointed ! The cocoa taste was weak and watery , even though I mixed it with milk . There was NO cinnamon taste to it at all . Very , very disappointed .
 I was hoping for a much stronger cinnamon flavor . But this cinnamon is more like the store bought McCormick cinnamon . Nothing realy fancy about it . I am sticking with the Cinnabon Makara Cinnamon for my baking needs . Otherwise , this a `` standard '' cinnamon . Nothing special .
 I asked the company for allergan information and did n't get a clear answer to my concerns . Given that allergies are a serious issue in our family , I should return the product in question . Buyer beware !
 I ordered 6 bags of this candy in plenty of time for Halloween since my children can not have anything artificial . When my order came , I only had one bag ! There was NO phone number for customer service and when I submitted this problem online I got an automatic message back . This was 2 months ago and NO ONE from Amazon has contacted me . They leave no way for you to report real issues . I was excited to see their organic selection but I will never purchase anything from the lame Amazon grocery store again and I would encourage everyone else not to since there is no way to reach an acutal CS person .
 I turned to Amazon when I could n't find Brach 's Butterschotch Star Brites in my local stores . They were offered on a site that looked reliable . I had to order more than I needed , but I was willing to buy 12 bags . What I received was hard butterscotch candy , but NOT the Star Brites . Turns out that that they are no longer made -LSB- I found that out by e-mailing the candy maker -RSB- . So it was a disappointment to say the least . The candy I received is good butterscotch hard candy , but that 's not what I ordered . It was too much trouble to return it . Also the seller would not send me a free return label . Please removed Brach 's Butterscotch Star Brites from any merchant 's site -- others will be disappointed as I was .
 Low quality and low flavor hot sauce ... not all that hot either.If you need some hot sauce and have nothing else around , then this will do , but that there are so many other choices , this is the worst choice to make . Even regular tobasco sauce is much much better.I can only describe it as being similar to watery taco bell sauce.I would recommend Frontera Hot Sauce , Tobasco , or Cholula Hot sauce over this .
 Did not realize that the jam they sent was not what i ordered . I ordered mulberry and they sent me crab apple that is why i didnt like it . too late to send back because i opened it
 Their products , at least the mulberry jam , do contain preservatives despite the info on their website leads you to believe . If you ask them directly they 'll tell you .
 Yes , ALL Wrigley 's Gums , even the ones with SUGAR , now contain at least ONE , -LRB- and many contain two or all of them -RRB- ASPARTAME , ACESULFAME-K , SUCRALOSE!WHY a gum with Sugar needs these dangerous chemical sweeteners is a mystery to me , but since they changed the logo of the packages on their gum , you can no longer buy any Wrigley 's -LRB- or most other brands too -RRB- gum without one or more of these nasty chemical additives.Also note that Sucralose -LRB- AKA brand name Splenda -RRB- is NOT the same thing as Sucrose ! -LRB- Sugar -RRB- The slight spelling difference is to decieve those that read ingredient labels to think they are reading Sucrose and not notice it is Sucralose.Sucralose causes severe abdominal pain , so if you have had that after chewing gum , now you know why.Aspartame has dozens of books and thousands of websites explaining what is wrong with that , as well as the other one.Very sad that I never again will get to enjoy my childhood favorites of Wrigley 's Spearmint , Juicy Fruit or Big Red ever again .
 Yes , ALL Wrigley 's Gums , even the ones with SUGAR , now contain at least ONE , -LRB- and many contain two or all of them -RRB- ASPARTAME , ACESULFAME-K , SUCRALOSE!WHY a gum with Sugar needs these dangerous chemical sweeteners is a mystery to me , but since they changed the logo of the packages on their gum , you can no longer buy any Wrigley 's -LRB- or most other brands too -RRB- gum without one or more of these nasty chemical additives.Also note that Sucralose -LRB- AKA brand name Splenda -RRB- is NOT the same thing as Sucrose ! -LRB- Sugar -RRB- The slight spelling difference is to decieve those that read ingredient labels to think they are reading Sucrose and not notice it is Sucralose.Sucralose causes severe abdominal pain , so if you have had that after chewing gum , now you know why.Aspartame has dozens of books and thousands of websites explaining what is wrong with that , as well as the other one.Very sad that I never again will get to enjoy my childhood favorites of Wrigley 's Spearmint , Juicy Fruit or Big Red ever again .
 I have been a huge fan of Big Red for years . They changed the flavor last year and I can not stand it at all . It just tastes bad . Hopefully , Wrigley 's will bring us Big Red Classic Flavor , but I 'm not holding my breath .
 For many years , Big Red and Denteyne were my favorite chewing gums . Both had a wonderfully clean taste that helped to cover up onion and/or garlic breath . However , I noticed an unpleasant bitter taste to the Big Red gum . Every time I chewed it , I got a bad headache . If I had more than one stick , I became dizzy . I actually fell one time . Trying to understand the reason for my falling and dizziness , I looked at the ingredients on the packaging of everything I was eating . Much to my surprise , there was a change in the Big Red ingredients and this gum now contains ASPARTAME . It took me a while to put together the bitter taste with the gum . I do not consume ASPARTAME . I 'm now trying to find a gum with real cane sugar and/or stevia . I can not find a single one ? For more information about Aspartame , Google its side effects on the Internet . You may be surprised .
 I used to get this Lavazza as long as I remember in exactly same looking ribbed box like the one of picture listing . Usually form my local farmer 's market store down here in Delray , FL . Always same high quality , great deep taste.Recently they ran out of it so I decided to order it through Amazon . What I have received was packed in similar looking but not ribbed can . I thought that they have changed the can shape or graphics little bit as many manufacturers do from time to time . However the coffee lacks of same flavor and taste . I brew it always same way and I can say this is not the Lavazza I used to enjoy for past 25 years . Got ta be either knockout or else . Not recommended .
 Just bought a 40 pack and there are NO GREEN SPECKS and it tastes more like JUICY FRUIT !!! TERRIBLE !!! Is this a quality problem or a change in recipe ? The former I hope - the latter is my cue to try other brands .
 I am very , very disappointed . I bought myself the white chocolate almond bark as a present to myself for giving birth to my 42 year old son . The advertising photo showed whole almonds . The candy I received had not one , NOT ONE , whole almond . There was just crushed nut slivers . Absolutely not what I was expecting for the price I paid . Chocolate was of good quality but do n't expect it to look like the photo .
 I know - the caption is too easy . I was very excited when I read all it 's glowing reviews , as I really like BBQ sauce , but they let me down . I liked the idea that there was no HFCS in it , so I tried it.It is very thin , and it tastes like watered down , flavored ketchup . It is wimpy , and has no umph . -LRB- I notice they now make a thicker version . -RRB- I mix the Original with some Bullseye BBQ sauce to make it palatable , otherwise I would throw it away . I bought 2 bottles at once based on the reviews , so I 'll be giving my other bottle to a frenemy.The Bullseye also has no HFCS , and the only ingredient I 'm not thrilled with is the modified food starch , but I do love the taste!Update
 Purchased these for someone that loves HOT foods . Very , very disappointed ! They do not have any Thai heat and flavor .
 The mix tasted terrible , no matter how much tequila and lime juice used . Yo are better off to purchase the liquid mix . I will not purchase again & do not recommend .
 Do n't purchase here , go to a store , not Amazon , to purchase.Not as fresh . Much more expensive online .
 I have been drinking cinnamon , vanilla , pecan flavored coffee for some time now . My favorite is Lola Savannah , it is delicious but rather expensive considering you must pay shipping . I finally found a fairly close second , Target 's Archer Farm brand . It is really good , too , but you ca n't buy it on-line and the nearest store is 30 miles away so when I run out I ca n't just go get it when I need it . I was in high hopes this coffee would at least come close . Boy , was I disappointed . When I opened the bag and smelled it I was rather certain it was n't going to be good . Just as I expected , it did not taste any better than it smelled . It tastes old and stale and I can not taste any of the flavores it says it has in it . Now I am stuck with 4 bags of coffee I can hardly drink .
 We have both the Sea Salt variety and the Cinn . Sugar . The Sea Salt variety are almost Toooo salty . You can only eat a couple at a time . On the other hand . . the Cinn . ones are good , but you have about 7 chips in a bag that could hold about 50 !!! Not worth the money !!!!!!
 I was looking for a chip that was low sodium and tasted decent . I thought these simply naked pita chips would be good , but they are not . I read the nutrition facts . 270mg for 1 oz . / serving size ! That 's 1620mg for the bag !!!!! These 6oz . bags are not very big either ! You can finish them pretty quick , like some people have said here.I really would n't say these chips are healthy , there is fat and saturated fat.However , these chips are healthier than cheetos , and doritos , but they do n't taste as good . They are also rock hard .
 Chips were broken into small pieces . Problem is n't amazon 's , it 's Stacy 's . Stacy -LRB- or amazon -RRB- needs to pack the original box of six better , the bags move around too much . There was room for at least two more bags in the box.Amazon packed the Stacy 's box in their box very tight and good.I tried to complain to Stacy , they make it very hard , no luck.Chips taste great though , maybe I 'll pour them in a bowl with milk for breakfast . !!! WATCH THE PRICE !!! I 've ordered these chips several times now , still great even if broken but have found the amazon price to be all over the place . $ 23 with free shipping all the way to $ 40 with $ 12 shipping . Come back the next day and prices and shipping has changed.The $ 23 batch were in plain white bags that said `` Not for retail sale '' on them . After I clicked add to cart I thought boy this is a good deal , I better order more . Just a minute later and the $ 23 option was nowhere to be found , closest price was $ 40 plus $ 12 shipping.My advice is be patient and persistent for a few days to get the best price.BTW , the $ 23 chips were hardly broken , exact same quality .
 The pita chips were very tasty and addictive . But , I 've gone through 3 bags out of 6 and so far , I think I 've found a total of 15 chips that were larger than one square inch . Obviously , it is likely a shipping issue that broke most of the chips , but the impact to me is still the same
 This soup has a strange fishy taste and is way too heavy on the vinegar . I bought a case of this soup and am wondering what to do with the remaining 11 cans . Not recommended .
 A disgusting substitute for pizza crust . Tastes nothing like crust or bread . Always has this burned , chemical taste to it , even if you eat it without heating .
 This is garbage . If you
 We ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Fudge for a gift and it arrived as described however the box contained a small re-freezeable ice pack that was way past being frozen . The ice pack and the fudge were warm to the touch . I sent an email to customer service for the item and never heard back from them . Guess customer service is n't a priority . Would probably not buy from them again , but be your own judge .
 I almost never eat canned soup without `` doctoring it up '' a bit.That said , i like this soup a lot , but it does n't WANT help , it NEEDS it.If i dont add something to tone it down , i actually choke a bit.It 's not the ginger.No one can out-ginger me ! I enjoy intense foods , but this mix of sugar , salt , spice , & fat actually makes my throat feel sore , so i add lots of fresh chopped parsley , or another non-cruciferous green , & a heaping tablespoon of cooked brown rice.Then i just need to pick out the lemongrass , which is basically inedible for humans in this form ; Though i guess if you have the time to chew each piece for 5-10 minutes it 's good fiber , & good for your jaws ! There are usually 2-6 pieces , and the thin ones are okay . -LRB- i eat a high fiber , high vegetable diet and have excellent teeth & jaws!It 's not that ! -RRB- . . Also , chilies . I like jalape & ntilde ; os & put cayenne in my guacamole , chai , salad , etc. . . But these peppers i also remove before eating this soup.Okay , now i may eat ... Oh wait.I may never buy this soup again . A few months ago when it was $ 44 . / case i procrastinated.It 's good , but not THAT good . Now it 's 56 ? That 's $ 4.65 / can . A year ago i paid just over 3 bucks/can -LRB- through amazon -RRB- . Now , of course i 'd gladly pay $ 3.65 / can ! ... But not 465 . That 's why 1 star . If it were $ 3.50 / can i 'd give it 4 .
 The vegtables have the taste and consistancy of twigs and the broth has a weird gross after taste . I 'm sticking to Annie 's , Their Thi soup is excellent .
 The nutritional information about this product on the Amazon website is incorrect . Rather than having 14 grams of carbs -LRB- including 3 grams of fiber -RRB- per serving of 7 ounces as the Amazon website indicates -LRB- as of 3/21/12 -RRB- , the nutritional information on the can states that the product has 19 grams of carbs -LRB- including 1 gram of fiber -RRB- . In terms of `` net carbs '' this means while the nutritional information on the Amazon website suggests a serving has 11 grams net carbs , in fact a serving has 18 grams net carbs , an increase of more than 60 percent over what the website indicates.I have n't tasted the stuff nor will I so my rating is not based on the taste of the product . Rather it is based on the incorrect nutritional information posted by Amazon which misleads those of us who are trying to limit their intake of carbohydrates .
 it arrived with mold along the rim , I asked my wife , son and all confirm . I wanted to see who had the best bread pudding , Smokehouse and Hebert 's Specialty Meats both arrived cold . Hebert 's had a better sauce , Smokehouse had a yellow lemon sauce that had separated , but did nothing to improve it 's rather bland flavor . I did get a limp wrist excuse from the company rep that a special topping is added to give it a moldy look and they would ship another one .
 I found to be the cappuccino discs to be a huge disappointment . I bought the Tassimo system because I was so excited about easy cappuccino at home , and excited about not spending so much on it on a daily basis in coffee shops in NYC - but the taste just did n't sit well with me . Maybe there was something wrong with the milk discs I got , but the drink ended up tasting a lot like condensed milk - with this strange sweet flavor - that was not good - and not normal for a cappucino . I would reccomend the Mastro Lorenzo Crema instead , by far ...
 Do n't give them any information or your find yourself on a spammer list . They work with spammers .
 This product is EXTREMELY salty and sweet with an after taste of preservative chemicals . The peanuts taste like what i imagine astronaut food tastes like ... completely stale and awful . I just ate 1/4 of a bowl and had to throw it out . Everyone in my work area is complaining about the stench ... one of them happens to be a Korean girl . Run far far far away ... simple ramen noodles or even cup of noodles is 999 % better than this laboratory experiment of a food.To the people saying this tastes authentic ... HUH ? Not sure what your definition of authentic is but this stuff hardly tastes like food .
 These noodles replaced another , excellent brand on our grocery shelves . -LRB- Annie Chun , fyi . -RRB- Both brands make similar flavors -- Kung Pao , Sesame , Peanut , etc.These noodles have a pastiness that is unpleasant and no really good flavor . I like this variety of convenient pre-boiled noodles for a quick lunch at work ; they are easy to make up in the microwave and come in a bowl of their own -LRB- though I put mine into a ceramic bowl as I do n't like eating out of plastic if I can help it . -RRB- Sometimes I am too busy to go out for lunch and hot noodles are very pleasant . But these are NOT pleasant . No , indeed.These are dominating our grocery shelves but they do n't deserve to be there . Bad taste and texture . Just bad . Do n't bother .
 This stuff is absolutely HORRIBLE . Do the board members of these companies actually taste the garbage they sell?Pure garbage .
 Smell and taste horrible . Bought these the for first time and had to throw away after 4 bites . Something about the sauce makes it unbearable .
 This used to be my favorite lunch but recently Simply Asia reformulated this into an entirely different product . The old product has a slightly sweet and spicy peanut sauce and a peanut topping . The new product has a spicy chili-based sauce -LRB- and no peanuts . -RRB- Hopefully the new version will not sell and they will move back to the old . Bad call on the part of Simply Asia .
 Wow . I was really excited to try these ; unfortunately , after struggling through about six bites , I had to throw it away . Immediately out of the microwave , the bowl reeked of melted plastic . At first , I thought I had melted the bowl , but after inspecting it and attempting several bites , I discovered it was the scent of the noodles and broth . The noodles were super fine , which I like ; however , I could n't get past the super slimey feel . They almost seemed like they had a glue-like consistency . I only cooked for two of the recommended 2-3 minutes . I do n't know if you get different results with the boil and pour method , but I disliked them so much I 'm not willing to give that a try .
 I like coffee and was looking forward to trying this crema , and I am not sure why , but it seems bitter to me . And I am a regular coffee / espresso drinker , so I do n't think it 's me . Some of the Tassimo drinks have a chemical-ly aftertaste , and this is one of them.I then tried the Mastro Lorenzo crema and it is MUCH better . You can buy Mastro Lorenzo crema at the Tassimo or Gevalia websites , though I hope Amazon will pick them up soon . They 're priced about three bucks less than the Gevalia crema . Nice ! -LRB- FYI to espresso fans , there 's also a Carte Noir espresso at the Tassimo site which goes for three bucks less than the Gevlalia espresso , and is as good , in my opinion . -RRB-
 I tried this and it is very weak , and taste like watery instant coffee . I love their expresso/latae . If you like instant coffee with powdered milk this might suffice . I love the machine just have to try different discs .
 Do n't give them any information or your find yourself on a spammer list . They work with spammers .
 Do n't give them any information or your find yourself on a spammer list . They work with spammers .
 I am sitting here trying to imagine the marketing team that came up with this oddity ... -LSB- Picture a group of disheveled candy industry execs at the end of a long day staring at forecasting charts . Their neckties are already loosened and many have begun to sneak glances at their Facebook accounts in anticipation of a weekend filled with hedonism and California sparkling wines . A young buck named Charlie has taken the final turn at the podium , desperate to prove his worth and that of his recently obtained online MBA . -RSB- Charlie
 Normally I do n't take the time to review food products I buy but this product was ABSOLUTELY GROSS . The noodles tasted mushy and overcooked and the sauce and toppings were abysmal . Maybe I have higher standards for asian food but the sauce is overwhelmingly and sickenly sweet -LRB- and thats just adding a little over half of the bic packet they give you -RRB- , the sesame seeds had no flavor , and the `` vegetable toppings '' consisted of a tiny packet of bits of dried carrots and green onion . Sesame teriyaki ? Not even close . Even dried ramen noodles taste better in my opinion -LRB- if only because they are deep fried -RRB- . If you REALLY want to buy it and try I 'd suggest going to publix or kroger and sampling one before you shell out the money for 6 .
 I wanted to try this as an alternative to the typical ramen cup or bowl of noodles and was expecting a premium alternative looking at the price . I tried it and was not impressed at all . It 's basically instead of a dry noodle product partially hydrated and instead of a powered sauce , the sauce is already hydrated . So it 's a dry ramen type product at three times the price because it has most of the water in it still -LRB- I paid $ 3.00 for one bowl -RRB- . I was expecting some meat or veggies in it like the hormel entrees do , but all this had was a few dehydrated veggies and spices and a small bag of seeds to sprinkle on . Not worth the expense to me , and it also did not taste very great to me . 1 star , overpriced for the taste .
 Those silly elves ... they actually think that cardboard is tasty ! Well , we 'll see if our bird friends like 'em . Hopefully , they do not pass away after ingesting these travesties of the Keebler realm . I know that I would . The box they come packed in probably tastes better . Give these to your children when they annoy you ... they will never act up again , nor ask for ice cream ever again . O.K. , I 'm done.Update , 9/1/11 , 12:01 PM
 these are patties made from crushed peanuts and sugar , no almonds , no almond paste . Does n't even remotely taste like marzipan . Not bad , mind you , but not marzipan .
 I tried this on the advice of a friend . Found this to be way too salty . I added more water and it improved a little . Will not buy this product again .
 first time tryer but it was tooooo salty and also had a very heavy ham taste . I love ham but this was to much .
 I love split pea soup , and normally I make it from scratch , but it can take an hour or more . When I saw that this product cooked in a mere 10 minutes , I was pretty excited . I figured it was probably composed of cooked and freeze-dried peas that basically just needed to be reconstituted , and of course some kind of seasoning . I did n't read the ingredients on the bag , though , until I got home . Oops.Reading the list of ingredients , I was immediately skeptical . The first thing listed was modified corn starch . Corn starch ?! Split peas create a thick enough soup , I ca n't imagine why they needed corn starch , let alone why they had to use more corn starch , by weight , than actual PEAS . I went ahead and prepared it anyway , figuring it would surely at least be edible.Well , it was edible . It was pretty salty , but I could live with that . It was the texture I just could n't take . This soup has the mouthfeel of a soup thickened with corn starch -LRB- surprise , surprise -RRB- -- like egg drop soup at a chinese restaurant . Which is fine for egg drop soup , but I found it utterly impossible to reconcile with my conception of split pea soup . Any peas were few and far between , floating in the viscous starchy liquid alongside a few sad rehydrated carrots . Just ... gross . I finished one bowl and dumped the rest down the garbage disposal .
 I bought this soup based on the glorious reviews . With the Armageddon news scared and how we should stocked up on food I went ahead and picked this up . I am very sorry I bought it now . Boy , am I ever sorry.Follow instruction to the T. I also add some tofu and bamboo shoots . The soup turned out to be very runny and not as thick as it should . I have to whipped in a little cornstarch mixed with water to thicken it up . Sour enough but hardly spicy hot . In addition , I never have noodle in my hot and sour soup before -LRB- homemade or restaurant -RRB- , but hey , anything go , as long as it taste OK . But the noodle taste like overcooked spaghetti . Thank god there is not very much of them , and I can easily spooned them out . Also , there are specks of what I believe to be mushrooms , they so tiny , ca n't tell for sure.Unless you add stuff to it , this soup by itself is wimpy and will leave a sour taste in your mouth!Five more packages to go ... . Next time I will use less water , and see how it go .
 The one good thing that I can say about this mix is that it does produce a very large amount of soup . That 's the only good thing that I can say . I have had this soup many times while living on Long Island . Been to Chinatown in NYC many times andI can tell you this mix absolutely does not taste anything like Hot & Sour soup . I currently live in Orlando and have been here for about 10 years . I find this soup is inconsistent among the various Chinese restaurants here , so that is why I tried this product . After making one package worth of soup -LRB- ? -RRB- and trying it , I threw out the remaining 5 packages of mix . Talk about false advertising . I need to find a book that will provide a correct recipe for this delicious soup so that I can make the soup from scratch .
 It 's pretty gross . Too bad you have to buy such a large quantity to try it . First of all , `` Hearty '' no way . it 's plain and gross . Nothing hot and nothing sour about it . I added lots of chili oil and vinegar to make it more like what you get in the restaurant , but it 's no good . I was looking for an alternative to what you can get at the supermarket , but this is not it . Also ... it has NOODLES . I 've NEVER had hot and sour soup with noodles EVER . Weird . Noodles must be cheap .
 The hot and sour soup was good . I 'm not sure what it needed , but I could n't make it taste as good as some of the restaurant hot and sour soup I have eaten . It was tasty , but not like I wanted the Hot n Sour soup to be .
 Just not this one . For some reason it 's just not right . The flavor is n't like any I 've had a restaurants .
 I love hot and sour soup and will order it every time i 'm at a chinese restaurant . i 've been to many chinese restaurants from the cheap hole in the wall to the really upscale . Rarely have I had a hot and sour soup that I did n't like . This soup was NOT at all like any hot and sour soup you will have ever had at a chinese restaurant . So I was pretty disappointed .
 These looked wonderful and were a birthday present for a close friend . When they came the foil was all stuck to the candy . We tried to unwrap a couple and it made a bigger mess with the paper sticking terribly to the candy . In the end we were able to taste the tiniest piece which just made us more disappointed and angry since it was delicious . We would never order these again or do business with this company . And living in Florida was not the problem since we paid BIG prices for the candy and shipping , it was not hot and the package was literally put in our hands from the truck , so it did n't sit outside . Big Big disappointment .
 So disappointed with this product . Bought it online because I thought it would taste high end homemade . It is going out to the troops in Afghanistan and I wanted them to have a taste of home for the holidays . Unfortunately , I found I could 've saved money and just bought Crunch N ' Munch . This product has a bunch of un-popped kernels per bag ; not randomly -LRB- which would also be bad -RRB- but at least 3 to 4 kernels per bag . I thought they would put their product through more rigorous standards of quality , but i see that is not a concern with this vendor .
 These are definitely not my thing . The chocolate and toffee flavor is WAY too strong ; if I 'd have wanted hot cocoa I would have ordered it ! However , if you 're a big fan of gas-station cappuccinos - these may appeal to you ?
 VERY weak , in fact it was the last hope I had for my machine , which I am selling next week in a yard sale . It was the color of tea . Very bad .
 I ordered Skippy Natural Peanut Butter , Amazon shipped the soybean oil crap . I do n't eat soybean anything , threw it in the trash , pissed me off . Amazon wo n't let me give it zero stars , but that 's what I would rate any soy product .
 I bought two jars of this Skippy -LRB- creamy -RRB- peanut butter , because Costco is not currently selling Adams natural peanut butter -LRB- no sugar or other oils -RRB- or Kirkland organic or natural peanut butter.Some young kids may like this product but it is NOT real peanut butter . The other additives , including sugar , totally reduce the real peanut flavor , and basically ruin the product . I think I 'm going to return the two jars to Costco and get my money back!In my opinion it is a big mistake to buy this -LRB- or any other -RRB- peanut butter that is made using added sugars and other oils ... no one who knows what real peanut butter tastes like , would buy Skippy peanut butter . The best peanut butter is made from organic valencia peanuts , but unfortunately most all of these peanuts are grown in New Mexico , in an area where the packager has had problems with E. coli contamination .
 This is an okay gift box , only if you like mediocre cheese and summer sausage . The items are small , smaller than they appear in the picture . I only paid $ 30 , but I would not purchase it again . On the positive side , the mustard samples that come with it make the items edible .
 I like almost every tea I 've ever tried -LRB- both bagged and loose -RRB- , but this oolong tea was terrible . It actually tasted like dirt and I had to pour it out . This particular tea bag came in a box called `` Teas of China and Japan Collection '' with a variety of other teas . I have n't tried any of the others , and I 'm not sure if I will .
 Perhaps my expectations were too high . Perhaps the tea I had at a Japanese restaurant was of exceptional quality or very strong -- which I liked . This tea is weak . The taste is weak . The roasted brown rice flavor was non-existent . I am happy I only purchased the smaller box .
 These candy bars were not very fresh . Of course they are Wunderbars and still taste pretty good ! They end up costing quite a bit which would be fine if they were fresh !
 So disappointed with this product . Bought it online because I thought it would taste high end homemade . It is going out to the troops in Afghanistan and I wanted them to have a taste of home for the holidays . Unfortunately , I found I could 've saved money and just bought Crunch N ' Munch . This product has a bunch of un-popped kernels per bag ; not randomly -LRB- which would also be bad -RRB- but at least 3 to 4 kernels per bag . I thought they would put their product through more rigorous standards of quality , but i see that is not a concern with this vendor .
 The package arrived very quickly . However , the product is not what I would describe as fresh . Cotton Candy tends to shrink over time , unless the bags are completely airtight . The candy within the bags I received has shrunk to less than half of its original size and was not at all fluffy . Very disappointing .
 The description says that the cotton candy is blue raspberry and/or pina colada but when it arrived it was blue raspberry and pink vanilla . We bought this for my grandma who loves pina colada so it was rather disappointing when it arrived without that flavor .
 It 's not terrible , but it 's not very good . For the price , you can go to your grocery store and get one that is just as good , if not better . I sent 8 of the 9 packets back .
 This tea was supposed to be loose tea . I purchase loose tea all the time . Instead of packaging the tea in bags , they left it loose . Gave a very couldy tea with a bitter taste .
 I 've been drinking loose leaf tea for a while now and this has to be the worst stuff I have tried yet . I believe by `` Fine Tea '' they mean small particle size . My box is about the consistency of a box of dirt , instead of nice leaf parts . Following the directions did not produce a pleasant cup of tea . There is too much bitterness in this tea . I would definitely suggest checking out the Adagio teas . My Mother-in-Law gave me a sampler for Christmas and it had some excellent teas .
 I serched for LIPTON YELLOW TEA that I buy al the time.This was in the middle of the YELLOW TEA search . I usually buy the 6 small boxes . So I ordered this and was very disappointed when it arrived and was just Lipton tea . Then further frustrated when I could not return it.Won ' t order again .
 There are several types of teas in the world indian ceylon scented teas like jasmine , there 's oolong , black green , but one thing binds all these teas together , they taste like tea.This substance has no flavor only an astringent quality . It is not drinkable plain . Which I suppose is why people require all sorts of recipes adding sugar , or spices , anything to give this tea some flavor and take away the horrid bitterness.I think it 's even worse than the bagged lipton tea if that is possible . In the bagged tea , they do n't put dust in the teabags because it would fall right out of the bag , but since this is loose tea , lipton saw fit to add dust , twigs , anything but the actual leaves.What should you drink ? Anything you like . I suggest browsing this site called the English Tea Store -LRB- no affiliation -RRB- just to get an idea about what types of teas it is possible to purchase.I astounds me that anyone could drink this substance and call it `` tea '' . It is not tea , it is particles of bitterness , dust , pieces of twigs , black and tasteless leavings of what used to be a tea plant.What the hell is wrong with you people , to drink this stuff . By the way I have nothing against some lipton tea , but when you drink this stuff you need to add lemon , sugar , or cream , something because it is awful stuff trying to drink it on its own.If you have to buy tea at a supermarket , try the twinings darjeeling that 's a decent blend you can drink .
 Lipton does taste good but it 's not a good quality tea ! If you open the tea bag you 'll see their not tea leaves but tea dust -LRB- cheep -RRB- . Even the loos lipton tea is described as being `` broken down so you need a fine filter to strain it . '' When you steep good tea it should unfurl and look like spinach!They say this tea comes to $ 0.57 an oz ?!?!?! Lets do the math . $ 27.54 devided by 8oz = $ 3.44 . I buy my tea from Set to a Tea -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . It 's really good tea with flavoring and dried fruit pices . It comes to $ 3 an oz for a tin or $ 2.57 for a refill . Weather you buy it loose or in bags you get the same quality tea ! I went to a tea party last year -LRB- like a tupperware party but more fun -RRB- where the chick told us all about the different kinds of tea and gave us samples .
 I assumed that bulk purchases of this type would be fresh , drop shipped as a rule , but I have serious doubts now . I have had the fresh gum , this is n't even close . You could wear your teeth out chewing this.Unfortunately , one of the few bad products , as received . As usual , Amazon does an incredible job of processing , expeding & getting shipped-every time !
 I just received my order -LRB- Orbit Cinnamint Sugarfree Gum , 14-Piece Packs -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB- Sold by
 Unfortunately this particular box of gums contained staled and hard pieces.Don ' t know why , since the fruity flavour Orbit gums were great ...
 Misleading . The reason this is cheaper than the other flavors is that this is a 12 pack , whereas the others are all 24 packs for around $ 21 . Beware of misleading listings.Also , the cinnamint is probably the weakest flavor . Even fresh packs -LRB- I can tell because of the dates of promotions on the package they sometimes run -RRB- can sometimes taste stale . This is because the flavor of the cinnamint lasts just a few minutes . Tasting all flavors , the peppermint by far outlasts this flavor and most of the others . I highly recommend that flavor for a nice breath refresher between brushings or just after meals.Orbit Peppermint Sugarfree Gum , 14-Piece Packs -LRB- Pack of 24 -RRB-
 I am sorry to inform you that your product was not fresh , on inspection of the package I found that the product sent to me was past the expiration date .
 The gum is stale , it 's lost most of its taste , and it 's hard . If you compare it to the store bought one , it 's like a totally different gum . Big mistake . It explains why it 's so cheap though . Straight in the trash it goes .
 Great idea poorly executed with an extremely unappetizing presentation . This is from someone who makes flavored rice a few times a week . That being said , this is the worst review I have ever given anywhere , so bear with me.You know how sometimes the rice sticks to the bottom of the pan if you overcook and you have to boil it out and it turns oddly clear but covered in carbon water ? Yeah . Like that . The rice came out sticky -LRB- not it the palatable uniform Japanese steamed rice way -RRB- and was an almost alien kind of translucent brown that was nothing like the picture . Nothing . If you look closely , you might be able to tell it had once been rice.Yes , I followed the instructions.My husband , who wanted to try having fresh rice at work , described it as an abomination , which was a relief to me because when it was cooking it stenched up the house with a horrifying yet familiar odor that when I put my finger on it smelled exactly , EXACTLY , like Onondaga Lake in Syracuse NY is the summer back when it was the most polluted lake in the world and people were warned never to eat the fish they caught -LRB- assuming there were any alive in there -RRB- and kids were n't allowed to wade in it . It smells like raw sewage , dead fish , rotting feathers and chicken soup.It was 45F out and I opened the window.Sometimes you buy a case of something and it turns out to be something you do n't care for , maybe it has too much onion or whatever , but you know someone else will like it . Normally I donate these things to a needy family . I think in this case it would be cruel . I ca n't imagine anyone who has made rice on their own mistaking this for rice . Do yourself a favor and just drop a boullion cube in a pot with your stovetop rice . That 's what they 're trying to do here and failing at miserably.I ca n't sell the rest on an auction site because I 'm afraid that even if I am completely honest about the smell I will get a bad rating . The only thing I can think of to use them for is to smoke out people in the breakroom with the odor next April Fool 's Day .
 Pros : - These are fruit snacks . They taste like fruit snacks . This is definitely a positive.Cons : - There 's no reason to buy these fruit snacks over any other fruit snacks . You 'd think they would be shaped like your favorite Simpsons characters , but NO ! They 're just shaped like fruits . Are they nicely detailed fruits ? Sure . But that 's not why I bought the SIMPSONS fruit snacks . If I had known they were just gon na be plain old shape I would 've bought the other brand which I do n't remember the name of but I know and trust.Oh by the way , writing a review about a fruit snack is the most ridiculous thing ever . I should n't have to ever do this , and that tells you how displeased I was with the product .
 I bought this for my husband after we used up the last of the chestnut honey I brought back from Italy . This is not the same and the flavor is n't as good . This is not worth the high price .
 misleading info on the product , price quoted for 5 lbs , however when follow the link it is for 1lb bag
 The product has way too much liquid . Good for in a pinch .
 I think that about sums it up . I had high hopes for this product , but it did n't deliver . It comes out extremely dry and it 's a bit salty too . I 'm really sorry I bought 12 of them .
 Okay stirred into a strongly flavored soup or stirfry , but on its own it has a very unpleasant metallic taste .
 These dishes are quick and easy , but the taste if blaned and bitter . I had to add a tablespoon of butter just to make it edible .
 I agree with another reviewer , this salmon was far too bland . I grew up eating smoked fish in Scandinavia , and the fish was always bursting with this salty , smoky , fantastic flavor . Unfortunately , this salmon was truly tasteless in comparison . I understand that the natural oils included in the package were for moistness , but the oil smelled , to me , like watery tuna on the verge of spoiling . The color was really close to gray , which also put me off . I really wanted to like it , but nope . Perhaps if you prefer extremely mild and extremely moist salmon , this might be for you . But do n't look for a truly smoky , pink salmon , as you will not find it here.It did arrive fast and they did have really good airtight packaging for the salmon .
 not the best tasting , almost tasts dirty . i love the lemon/honey flavor , can drink a box of it a day !
 When this product was first introduced , it was made with Splenda/sucralose , and not aspertame -- as it now is . I have finally ran out of my splenda made boxes that I bought at Big Lots on close out . I really love the flavor . But I get migraine headaches from aspertame -LRB- Equal , Nutrasweet -RRB- , plus it upsets my stomach , causing terrible bloating and pain . Some of the other aspertame findings says it overstimulates neurotransmitters in the brain , and so I avoid aspertame at all costs -- who needs depression in a bottle !!! I wrote to the company asking how I could get this , made with Splenda , as it was before . I was told that customer preference was what drove the change . Come on people -- do you really prefer aspertame over sucralose ??? Or could it be that aspertame only costs one tenth as much as sucralose does , so they are just making a cheaper product.I am boycotting Lipton until they really listen to customers . Arizona Ice Tea sticks taste great and are made with sucralose . I also just found a brand here on Amazon that I really like too
 I looked forward to trying this tea based on a few reviews I read here , so when the chance came to give it a try from the local grocery store before committing to buying bulk from Amazon , I jumped at it . It sounded delicious ! My disappointment was huge
 New 2008 Versions of this product have Aspartame in it . Google Aspartame to see if you may be affected by it
 This is not the same product that I once found available in the stores in my area . It is so bitter that I can not drink it . There was no problem with the supplier , just the product .
 This stuff is horrible . It tastes like anti-freeze and leaves a nasty after taste . I tried giving it away to family . They brought it back . Complained that I was trying to kill them . I brought it to my local food pantry while volunteering with a couple cases of cold water . A roomful of hungry , down on their luck individuals would mix some up , take a sip and throw it away . Seriously this stuff is so bad you ca n't give it away . Buy it at your own peril . The raspberry diet tea is much better !
 I honestly do not like it . I tried to drink it several times hoping to acclimate myself to the taste , all to no avail . So , I brought the packets to the office and put them on the `` free-for-all '' counter in the breakroom so my co-workers could have it . They did n't have a fancy for it either . As a matter-of-fact , somebody shoved it way to the back of the cabinet and put a bunch of other stuff in front of it so we did n't even have to see it . It 's horrible , I tell you . I finally just threw them all away .
 You just throw this in the microwave and it 's ready in 60 seconds . The drawback is that it is dry and essentially without much taste . Also the consistency is very slightly rubbery .
 The Smackaroos Diet Treats Garlic Lob Carb Crackers arrived in a baggie , not sealed and were stale
 Wrigley now colors the spearmint gum and adds aspartame -LRB- Equal -RRB- . It 's not what we grew up with . I think the flavor and consistency is basically the same as the original version .
 nice light tasting green tea . Enjoyed it as part of a variety pack bought at my grocery store so ordered the same tea in bulk here . However , the packaging of tea shipped by Amazon is inadequate and makes this tea nearly unusuable . Each tea bag opens at the top when the tag/label string is pulled apart from the bag just before using the tea bag . The adhesive holding the top of the tea bags together is not strong enough to withstand even tiny , gentle pull from trying to `` unstick '' the tag and string from the bag . Other than that the packaging is normal Lipton packaging -LRB- white paper outer envelope for each bag , thin cardboard box . But this one defect is enough to make the tea unusuable -LRB- unless you like sifting it through your teeth as you drink -RRB- without resorting to self help such as personally stapling each tea bag closed after loosing the tag . While the tea itself is ok and a nice light green tea for those who do n't like the really strong kind , this is too much annoyance , I tossed these and will not reorder this brand of tea online , especially in bulk . I am a lifelong tea drinker and have not experienced this problem with any other teas with anywhere near such frequency as I have with each box in this 6-pack of boxes of Lipton Green Tea . The similar tea I purchased in a store had no problems .
 It 's great if you 're looking for a tea with antioxidants -LRB- found naturally in most teas -RRB- but if you 're looking for a palatable fruit based one , do n't buy this one . It 's cheap , granted , but I was expecting actual passion fruit and orange flavors as advertised . Instead the tea tastes more like plastic when you heat it -LRB- er think tupperware when it 's been microwaved too many times -RRB- . Perhaps similar to the orange juice left on the radiator ? Anyway , not recommended .
 This tea has a strange taste and is not enjoyable . If you are buying it because of the passionfruit flavor , look elsewhere because it is not present at all in this tea . Very cheap tasting .
 I did n't order this and here 's why . A pack of this gum is 25 cents at the store checkout , which you can even see printed on the package in the picture here . 40 packs at 25 cents is $ 10.00 ! They want over $ 13 for this ? Does n't make sense why anyone would buy it !
 The pate is OK . The smoked oysters were dry and tasteless , and the salmon was full of bones.And it 's overpriced to boot .
 SAVE YOUR MONEY ON THIS COFFEE ... MAXWELL HOUSE TASTE THE SAME OR BETTER . . COFFEE BEARLY HAS ANY TASTE UNLESS TOU MAKE IT WITH A FULL FILTER FULL .
 This coffee supposedly is premium , it tastes watery -- very thin . Not good at all . Maybe old ?? Not sure , it was a waste , and I 'm using it line the bottom of my sitting shoes and trash cans and rained-on luggage , to absorb the smells . So I used it , but not to drink . Do not buy .
 I 've been eating stuffed grape leaves for decades and these are far and away the worst ones I 've ever had . They ARE edible , yes . But they 're so incredibly salty that I 'm eating them at about 1/10 of the pace that I normally would -LRB- especially considering how many cans I now have -RRB- . Bottom line
 these are simply the worst stuffed grape leaves i have ever eaten . i can not believe all the good reviews , which , regretably , influenced our decision to buy . we threw the first can out , it was so bad , then tried another a few weeks later , hoping there was just a bad can in the case . no such luck . i would even say , this is one of the worst things i have ever eaten ! these are a major rip-off .
 I didnt , but here are the facts now .980 mg of sodium in each bouillon cube . That makes 40 % of your DV.High sodium content in each cube . Unless you have low BP . This one is a real killer beware . I bought mine at local store , but then I didnt not read the nutri info until I got it home . The whole thing goes to trash .
 I had to throw the whole case out.I 'm not unusually sensitive , but they are so high in hydrolyzed vegetable protein -LRB- the ingredient-list euphemism for MSG -RRB- that even a small amount used as seasoning was enough to set off a major 24-hour case of `` Chinese Restaurant Syndrome . '' Not worth the risk .
 This vegetable bouillon is NOT vegan.It contains WHEY and LACTIC acid .
 Hey , this is not chocolate in the actual sense . I expected it to be close to a container of chocolate frosting . It was not . It is like syrup , thin and runny . The taste is not milk chocolate . All you can taste is sugar and bitterness . There is no chocolate taste like anyone living in the US is familiar with .
 I am not quite sure why this product is found under the ` natural ' foods category . In the ingredients we find artificial flavors and we also find partially hydrogenated oils . This product most certainly should not be considered `` natural '' or healthy .
 I have been ordering this tea for years at $ 13.89 for 6 boxes ... the price is now $ 79.00 for 6 boxes ???? Will not purchase at this price
 The tea is not that great . it kinda tastes like lemonade mixed with regular tea -LRB- duh -RRB- and that makes it taaste like crraaaap . totally do n't recommend . i hated it so much that i made a review on amazon lmfao
 OK , so I 'm spoiled by Gevalia 's German Chocolate Cake coffee . -LRB- Unfortunately , they only have theirs seasonally -RRB- . So I went looking for something comparable , tried Coffee Masters and am still looking . To my taste , there was no hint of any velvety-smooth coffee flavor nor of German Chocolate Cake . Just harsh chemical flavored brown stuff . Sorry .
 It 's really easy to spot good tea
 I bought this as a holiday gift for a friend in 2006 . She 's not overly picky about her coffee , but in 2007 right before Christmas she let me know it was n't very good and to PLEASE not purchase more for her because it did n't taste good . : -LRB-
 I opened one can and could not eat it.Gave a can to a few friends and they said the same thing.I 'm giving the rest of the case to the food bank.The food was not spoiled just way away from all the stuffed cabbage rollsI have ever had in the u.s.The product is from Turkey
 If you 're planning on eating this stuffed cabbage leaves , you had better , I mean
 I purchased a can that the store before I bought a pack at Amazon to try it and GROSS ! I love Spam , all the flavors of Spam but this was so grainy and salty I got queasy ! Disgusting but my dog loved it ! Well at least someone did . If texture is important to you this grainy item will put you off also . I love you Spam but this is a miss for me .
 Ca n't taste the flavors . The coffee is OK if you like black coffee . I wanted the distinct taste and aroma of chocolate and cherry . This coffee does n't have it .
 As far as I can tell , this eggplant product is not fried at all . I was very disappointed to open up an oily can of mushed-up eggplant . After I diligently poured/swabbed off as much oil as possible , I then warmed up the contents to discover that the aroma and flavor is very appealing and tasty -- just not the fried product that the can label depicts . Also , the bottoms of the cans of the case that I received were forming rust spots in many areas . It makes me wonder where this case was stored . Had I realized that the contents were this mushy , I never would have bought a case of it . However , it will make nice addition to my home-style pasta sauces and other tomato-based stews .
 it does not taste bad the problem is that it has no taste at all . than again what can you expect from canned chicken in water .
 I bought this product to see if it would be useful for preparing meals for one . I used it to make an egg noodle , chicken , cream sauce dish . The can size was just about the proper amount of chicken for my dish . Was able to make a nice single serve entree . To bad the chicken was about tasteless . Parts of the chicken contents were tough and stringy . I think the ` fat free ' processing caused the lack of taste . I gave a can of the chicken a ride in a food processor to make a chicken salad . Took a lot of seasoning and the addition of onion , pickle , etc. to produce any taste . The chicken just served as the carrier of the other ingredients.The cats are n't thrilled with it either.The shipping was prompt and the goods arrived damage free .
 Well it is sad to say this , because Amazon is usually a plus.The weight here is mostly WATER . The meat is real small pieces.Only fit for a cat .
 I was pleased to see the acceptable price of the rum cake . I was disappointed by the fact that the Tortuga Cake does not have the expected rich flavor . It seems that the manufacturer saved some money by using less rum as an ingredient.The other issue arises with the dryness of the cake . My recommendation would be to have a full glass of water for every bite you take . I have had a better rum cakes before .
 I had the most wonderful orange spice tea in a hotel recently and even took some bags home to enjoy . It was Lipton Orange Gardens . I ordered this orange herbal thinking it was the same one but it is not even close . Although the ingredients look the same this one is like water compared to the deep rich orange spice tea I got from the hotel . I went to the Lipton site and there are several orange teas and the one called Orange Gardens is under the food service section available to hotels and other food services like cruises etc. . I did find it searching on Google though and it looks like it is available from one company . If you like very weak mild flavored tea then this orange herbal is for you . It 's not bad it 's just way to weak for my taste . If you like a strong aromatic , robust and very tasty tea look for the Orange Gardens it is amazing !
 in May ,2012 I purchased this for $ 16.34 . Now in July 2012 its $ 48.99 !!!! Are you out of your mind ! really ? The cost of tea went up that much in 2 months?TOTAL FAILIf it was the same price it gets 5 stars as i love mixing these and regular tea for my iced tea . been drinking it this way 20 + years . About to quit in protest .
 These do not taste the same as the one 's I buy from supermarkets . The tea covers are cheap paper compared to the ones I buy else where . It tastes really weak too . I ordered six packs but will not order tea from internet again unless I read some good reviews .
 I ordered these rocks for my grandson 's birthday . I was charged for a 3lb bag and received a 1lb bag . Half of the candy was melted together into one large piece . The rest of it was broken and unattractive . The candy is very good but the condition was very bad . This is the first time in 3 years of shopping on Amazon that I have ever had to return anything . The other reviews are very good because the candy itself is very good . I was so disappointed .
 I 've purchased candy rocks for a party that I host for over 5 years now , and they have always been more muted colors , like brown , beige , and green which is exactly what the product image shows . Unfortunately , what I received was more garish and bright colors of red and tan , with no green at all . I do n't want to have to deal with trying to get a replacement for the party in time , so I 'm just going to use it , but wanted to warn everyone else who was expecting the product to arrive as pictured . DO N'T BUY FROM Clayton Kendrick INC
 I 've noticed recently that Quietly Chamomile does not taste the same as it did in the past . It was my favorite , but not anymore.Has anyone else noticed the change ??
 This is a killer product for anyone on blood thinners . Any product with Chamomile can cause brain hemmorage , yet there is no warning on the Lipton Tea box -- check out Google for `` Chamomile '' and the warning sites are everywhere . I just wonder how many people have died and the coroner has had no idea of their cause of brain bleeding.I have notified the FDA and my Congress persons , and no one gives a crap .
 Okay , okay , okay shame on me for not looking close enough but really ? One bag of pouch of rice for $ 5 ? Five ounces of rice for $ 5 dollars ! That 's just shameful . I hope it 's really , really good at that price ! Really !?! I guess I 'm a little outraged .
 Is there any actual yeast in this ? I have used this many times from several different batches . Each time I was careful to make sure that it was nowhere near the expiration date . In EVERY case , the bread has failed to rise . This is worse than garbage as it ruins all the ingredients and you have to throw it all out ; there is little worse than needlessly wasting food . There appears to be little or no actual yeast in this so-called `` yeast '' . Update May 2012 : I have been experimenting with this brand of yeast by trying to activate in the following manner . Take one packet -LRB- about two teaspoons -RRB- , add 1/4 teaspoon of sugar and 1/4 cup of water between 110 and 120 degrees . Put it in a coffee cup and get it all nice and wet and wait about five minutes . Red Star brand and Fleischmans -LRB- regular and fast rising -RRB- and the Hodgson Mill yeast in their bread machine mixes -LRB- the only other ones I have checked -RRB- yeast will rise and fill half the coffee mug . -LRB- Fast risers fill the whole cup -RRB- This brands increases its volume by just a little.I have also found that Red Star -LRB- regular , did not try the fast rise -RRB- yeast that is more than one year past its expiration date performs nearly as well as the fresh stuff . Therefore I can say with the confidence of empirical evidence that Red Star yeast that is more than one year past the expiration on the package performs better -LRB- read
 Great tasting rice , but I got ripped on the price . Should have read the WHOLE details listing before ordering . I paid $ 6.18 for this tiny package . I thought it was much larger . To rub salt into the the wound , I am now seeing it advertised for $ 0.72 a package . Lesson well learned .
 I sent this as a gift to my sister . Each of the items in the gift basket was inedible , and the entire contents were thrown in the trash . I would not recommend that anyone buy this product and wish that I had known about this in time to get my money back .
 The Art of Appreciation Grand Edition was a FLOP ! I sent it to my brother for Christmas . He told me it looked wonderful but there was VERY little there to eat ! His wife ate the ONE cookie , they each got ONE truffle . It was all pretty package and no goodies . I feel so badly I am going to send them a restraurant gift card !
 The photo and description of the food products were excellent , but the actual taste of it was bad . It tasted old and stale . Unfortunately , you do n't find that out until you open and eat the stuff inside . We threw a lot of it in the trash .
 We were so excited when receiving this gift , it was very pretty , However , once into the basket it was terribly disappointing . Very little of anything , mostly crackers , and nothing was even tasty . I definatley did n't tell my daughter how disappointing the basket was , did n't want to hurt her feelings , I thought the salmon would be tasty , however , it had absolutley no taste to it . very bland . It was full of I will say , empty boxes , and definately was not worth the money , I would be afraid to order anything from this company , and I think you should know Amazon.The biggest joke of all was the delightful raspberry cake , what a joke . I 'm still laughing at this one .
 not AT all what is pictured . they sent another one and even that was the smallest basket.this was sent to my sister who was honest to say exactly what was ordered .
 I sent this as a Christmas gift and was so embarassed when my friend , the recipient , opened it up and tried to eat the rancid butter cookies , the old solidified cheese spread , along with the rest of the out of date spoiled food items . . None of the items were edible . My friend was hesitant to tell me this as he did not want to seem ungrateful but decided to let me know so I would never buy from Art of Appreciation Gift Baskets again . I told him not to worry , never again .
 This was very nice in the pic which is why I picked this . . I sent out two actually ... well the gift is much smaller then it shows and the gift wrap had a blue wrinkled bag with the brown amazon box inside . . it showed on the gift wrap option that they were wrapped individually which was absolutely not the case . . it was stupid to pay to have them wrapped ... I am very disappointed in this and wish I did n't send it let alone 2 of them . .
 I was very disappointed that my Easter message was never included in the basket when it was delivered so my daughter had absolutely no idea who sent it . Also , the chocolate raspberry cake was just a bunch of crumbles when they opened it which means it was probably stale instead of holding together as it should . I will not use this product again .
 I order one of these baskets and big boxes with nothing really in them . The cheese in it was the worst tasting ever . We just through it away . Nothing in this basket was good . Crackers were yuck and so was the salami . Never again sticking to Costco baskets from now on .
 While the package arrived safely and the recipient expressed gratitude , the Customer service I experienced during the order process was horrendous . Within an 1/2 hour after I ordered the product I tried to go in and do a change of service , simply add a card to the gift basket , however I could n't because the system wouldnt allow for it . I called customer service and spent hours debating with different levels of customer service , to no avail . They simply didnt have a system that would allow for a simple change of order . I wasnt even allowed to cancel the order and reorder . I like Amazon a lot , I order many things but I will never order a gift basket or food product through them again .
 Received this for Fathers Day and found the basket contained mostly stuffing and over-sized boxes . The very decorative box of Angilina 's `` Sweet Butter Cookies '' looked like it could hold 6-8 ozs.of cookies . Inside there were 2.2 ozs of tiny ordinary cookies laden with palm oil and made in Indonesia . The 2 oz . `` California Pantry '' gourmet water crackers were edible with the Wisconsin cheese but had a lot of trans-fat and were made in Hong Kong . The 4 oz . `` Focaccia Crisps Tuscan Style Crackers '' were ho-hum , slightly not-crisp crackers , made with palm oil in Indonesia . A 2oz . slice of `` Italian Rasperry Cake '' was dry . The most weight in the basket came from the 3.75 oz . pack of cheese , the 5 oz beef salami and a small jar of mustard . All 3 were ok , but at what price ?
 Sent this to my dad for Father 's Day and got a note a few days later saying , `` some of the items in it were pretty tastless . The formaggio e vino had no trace of vino whatsoever . Some of the cookies and crackers had no taste to speak of and were only useful to scoop up the formaggio which was n't remarkable . Whoever sold this to you may want to rethink their source . The basket is nice , however ! `` So much for a nice Father 's day gift !
 I purchased this for my sister for Christmas , because she loves receiving food and gourmet baskets . This was my first order from this company . My sister said it was mostly filled with `` fluff , '' and most of the products were stale . I would like to get a refund on this gift or send her a new one . She said she did n't want to hurt my feelings , but she thought I would want to know . Nice basket , sis but almost everything was stale . Could this be last year 's left overs ? I would not reccommend this product . I give it an F for fraud advertising !
 I just received this `` Grand Edition Gourmet '' food basket for Christmas , and am totally disappointed . For all the goodies found inside , I can purchase all of them at a supermarket for less than $ 10 , and better quality ones too ! The most ridiculous is the `` White Chocolate Amaretto '' wafer cookie , which sure enough contain only one 21/2 '' thin wafer cookie ! Then the Cajun Mustard is of size where the restaurant would just give it to you when you order a sandwich . The `` Sweet Butter Cookies '' packed in Indonesia is of unknown origin and contains ten one-inch size of very ordinary Danish butter cookies . The `` Double Chocolate Raspberry Cake '' comes in a big flat box , but the cake is only a quarter of the box size , and no bigger than a regular piece of brownie . Other items also come in such small quantity that will amaze you ! Something does come in sizable quantity
 While the thought may be nice , the foods in this basket are food products and have more preservatives than nutritional value . Save your money and appreciation and get something else . If someone really appreciates gourmet or specialty foods , they will be horrified .
 I 'm really sorry to have to say this , but I HAVE to be HONEST ! This basket was filled with less then desirable processed food-stuffs , I felt like I got a basket of lies . Appealing at first glance -LRB- i.e. the nice picture -RRB- , a closer examination and taste of the actual food inside left me disappointed at the army survival canned last-a-thousand-years-on-a-shelf `` food '' they call gourmet.I 'd say most reviews of these baskets are done by people who are being polite because they received these baskets as a gift . I , on the other hand , can be honest here because I am self-indulgent enough to buy one for myself .
 A complete waste . Cost was $ 51.98 -LRB- $ 65.51 with shipping -RRB- . Contents were probably worth 10 bucks at most and mostly tasteless . My dog did n't want it . Biggest rip-off I 've encountered in a long time . I should have taken my wife out for a nice steak dinner .
 this product is not worth the price . Major disappointment when I opened the box . This was supposed to be a gift for my mother , I could never give this to anyone . When I spoke with Amazon customer service they gave me 100 % customer satisfaction . Amazon is the best to deal with .
 We sent this to our close friends of over three decades and they were kind enough to tell us the truth of what arrived . Here are excerpts : `` I do want to report something I believe you would want to know about though . The recent Christmas basket we received was ... . more then disappointing ! Except for the crackers ... and there was quite a bit of them , the rest was 98 % inedible !! The sweets were a joke of over packaging and then non-edible at the end of the opening adventure ! The one exception were the two individually wrapped tiny truffles in a box , that were okay . There was a big package with one chocolate dipped dried out cookie that was also in it 's own wrap ... also , not to be eaten . The raspberry , chocolate individually wrapped cakes were so dried up/dehydrated it looked like survival food ... And they tasted like pure chemicals and artificial flavors to boot!Which brings me to the `` meat '' section of the basket ... this was by far the worst . The stink of both the lobster and salmon `` spread '' filled the air with what smelled and tasted like fish flavored chemicals . Earl , Bob , and I tasted a small amount just to verify the smell ... that was a bad decision on our part ... we needed emergency food in our mouth to counteract the bad taste ! They even sent the cats running in the other direction . The salami was so white it was scarey!Now I have to say , we actually really did enjoy this basket because we spent the afternoon laughing hysterically over the experience ... so thank you for that memory ! I imagine , however , that was not your intention ... so here I am , the `` brave '' one telling the hard facts of how no matter how much you paid for that basket , you got ripped off ! ''
 I have used this rice for nearly 20 years . Outstanding product . I suppose it was my fault not reading the quantity in this order . Having purchased before and expecting at least 6 packages of rice , I was very frustrated to see only one . For the price of $ 6.75 fo one packet . I would say this was a rip off . I will never buy from Monica R Abel again .
 I bought this to be the topper for a baby shower cake . The dark brown/black areas were a reddish brown . Pooh 's shirt was not a good Pooh red color . I had to use markers to fix the topper . Pooh 's eyes looked evil due to the color issue . I hope once it is on the decorated cake it will look better .
 Tastes like water , costs like whiskey -LRB- when ordered mail order -RRB- are you people nuts ? Just drink tap water - filter it if you have to .
 I bought this rice -LRB- for $ 9.98 -RRB- expecting to receive 10 5oz bags for the price . The same thing in most stores cost $ 1.50 max.Luckily Amazon gave me a full refund -LRB- even though you are not allowed to return food -RRB- . I would not buy this product via Amazon again . I 'll just get it from my local story for 1/8 the price . a couple weeks after I bought this product the company lowered the price by 50 % ! Ha !
 I 'm from the South , and one day my ma cooked some Zatairain 's Red beans and rice . Mmmm , delicious . So , a few days ago I got this Mahatma mix . I do n't like Mahatma 's white rice , but I liked their Long and Wild Rice mix , and have had their yellow rice a few times , although it is sort of bland in large amounts . I wish I had gotten Zatarain 's now , because this stuff was edible , but the spices in it are rank . It 's almost a bitter taste . I tried a little bit with some hot sauce , and it was awful . I do n't think anything can fix this rice . I sometimes mix pintos and basmati together , and that tastes better than this . Although , one time I mixed black beans and basmati , along with some other things and that was worse than this , so this is n't the worst rice I 've ever had , but it is the worst mix.I 'd recommend going with one of these instead : Mahatma Long/Wild Rice mixLipton mixes -LRB- I like Herb/Butter and Long/Wild the best -RRB- Zatarains Red Beans and Rice
 Bought this in lieu ofCelestial Seasonings Herb Tea , Tangerine Orange Zinger , 20-Count Tea Bags -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- when the store was out of it . The Celestial Seasonings ' Orange Zinger is an herbal ` tea ' that has such a great orange tang flavor , and even smells nice right out of the box . This Mandarin Orange green tea replacement from Lipton does n't have that nice smell in the bag . When brewed even a long steep yields a pretty clear cup of hot water with a pleasant orangy aroma but virtually no flavor . When sweetened it tastes like sweetened hot water . The nice smell made me really want to like it , so I tried two of the pyramid bags in a regular cup . With the two bags and a good 5 minute steep it actually came out halfway decent - better , but not great.Also did n't care for the inclusion of Modified Corn Starch in the ingredients nor the plastic material of the pyramid bag . It might even be the plastic bag hindering the proper propagation of the tea while steeping . This is my first experience with Lipton 's pyramid teas and will be the last unless another flavor comes along as a freebie and can change my mind . I 'll stick to Twinings and Celestial Seasonings , both of which I highly recommend .
 Lipton Green Tea , Mandarin Orange , Premium Pyramid Tea Bags , 20-Count Boxes -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- Has modified corn starch . That is info from label.Just google it and will find that they make HFCS -LRB- high fructose corn syrup -RRB- of corn starch and in US it is made -LRB- most likely -RRB- off genetically modified corn .
 Was so looking forward to this but FedEx never deliver it so i was very disappointed . Maybe next time i will try again .
 And the tea lacks a citrus-y scent unless you add water to it . When water is added , the scent and taste are slightly reminiscent of canned mandarin oranges . This tea is better than your usual Lipton tea , but only by a little
 Why would a natural tea have modded food starch in it ... why make green tea into a proceed food ... not happy at all about this . I bought several boxes and was shocked when I read the ingredients list . So disappointing .
 This product is such a waste of your money . It smells good but only SMELLS good . Once you make the tea , it 's tasteless , not a bit flavor of real green tea . How dare Lipton named it `` green tea '' !! Do n't buy it !
 Originally I thought the tea tasted great , but after a couple of months I started disliking it . I also started noticing a strange oily sheen at the top of my cup . When I originally reviewed this product I asked if anyone could respond regarding whether the tea `` bags '' are recyclable and/or compostable . Never got a response , but from my own experience , the bags remain intact after a couple of months in my worm compost bin . Drinking tea , especially green tea , goes hand in hand with natural products , and the use of plastic or non-biodegradable tea bags just does not fit .
 Immediately after opening a box of Lipton Mandarin Orange tea , I had a feeling it would not be good . The smell of the tea bags reminded me of orange antacid tablets -LRB- Tums , anyone ? -RRB- . I figured I would still give it a try , since tea does n't always taste like it smells . I was correct . The tea tasted nothing like Tums ; in fact , it had no taste at ALL . I was relieved that I did n't have to drink tums in the form of tea , but the complete lack of taste was n't much better . It 's rare that I dislike a tea enough to actually come onto Amazon and type a negative review like this , but this tea definitely qualifies . I enjoy a lot of other Lipton tea - including the Island Mango & Peach , and Blueberry Pomegranate , but this tea does not fall under the category of good Lipton teas by a long shot . If you enjoy eating orange Tums and drinking tasteless tea , go ahead and purchase this one . Otherwise , stay away !
 I bought this tea because I was thinking the orange flavor would be great in the morning . I was correct , BUT ... The bags are plastic . So everytime you drink a cup of tea , you leave a little bit of plastic behind for thousands of years . The tea is delicious , but needless to say , I will not buy this product again .
 Terrible tea . Very , very light and tasteless . I drink green tea all the time , and this one is much worse than the cheapest one I have ever tasted . Totally waste of money .
 I really prefer the Shoumei Green Tea which is one of the only green teas I can find that is n't bitter . The white tea does n't have any sweetness to it and is n't much fun to drink . I only drink it because it 's good for me .
 The rooibos is fine but the Early Grey flavoring is far too sweet and heavy handed . Tastes more like a perfumed tea than a balanced blend emulating the classic black tea version . I 've had very fine rooibos versions of Early Grey so I know it can be done .
 Received can with large dent . The box was in good shape , so can was damaged before shipment . The main reason I ordered this product was for the decorative can.The same was true of a can of Black Treacle ordered from the same supplier at the same time and delivered in the same box .
 Well I love Rice Crackers but this is horrible they dont have any flavor I bought two case of 12 and now I dont know what to do with them . Its sad they would be good if they had more ORIGINAL flavors from Japan and Korean but I guess that was to much to ask . Will never buy these again . I will try to find some with ORIGNAL flavors .
 The product description neglects to inform the consumer that this Lipton Recipe Secrets mix contains MSG -LRB- monosodium glutamate -RRB- . After calling Lipton to inquire why they still include this questionable chemical , I was told the kosher equivalent of this product -LRB- Lipton Recipe Secrets Kosher -RRB- , does not contain MSG .
 Price was misleading , once the high shipping rate was added , the tea was no longer the ` deal ' it was promoted to be . Although once it finally arrived , it was half decent tea , but NOT worth the shipping and the wait , will go to my local tea house next time .
 Wish I did n't purchase so much before trying it first . May be good for a sore throat in small amounts , I suppose , but I would rather have a progresso soup before this again .
 Save your money and buy Ramen noodles instead . These have lots of noodles and broth but hardly any flavor .
 I received the item -LRB- it 's not a refrigerated item -RRB- on 2.12.13 . The label says that it should be used by the expiration date . Guess what the expiration date was ? 2.22.13 ! Normally grocery items ca n't be returned . I 'm working with Amazon customer service and the Seller -LRB- which primarily seems to be selling mints and candies -RRB- . Grocery items normally can not be returned . But even if I get a full refund , you can imagine that this is a hassle . This seller clearly does not have quality control . I 'll update my review with my experience , but I 'm pretty disappointed .
 I sought out this syrup due to the fact that it 's one of the few that does not use high fructose corn syrup . I guess that 's why I seemed so shocked that it was SOOO sugary sweet . Additionally , the individual flavor of pistachio is hard to discern , unlike other pistachio flavorings I 've had .
 I 've read lots of other reviews deeming this tea as `` coffee tasting '' or with `` roasted flavors , '' but to be very truthful , it tastes just the way I could imagine second hand smoke would . It 's very very strong , requires 15 minutes to steep , and is not for the faint hearted . I 've heard wonderful reviews related to weight loss regarding this product , but I was not able to tolerate the taste long enough to actually see any weight loss benefits . Good luck to those who care to brave this `` roasted '' flavor .
 This is not the same as Ativa Dandelion tea . This one feels a little weird and honestly I do n't suggest it .
 This was the worst tasting tea , actually the worst tasting anything , that I have ever consumed . I took one sip and could not bring myself to finish the cup . It tasted like dirt , which makes sense since it is a root . The rest of the tea bags are going in the trash .
 All artificial . Has wickedly odd taste that is a huge turn off to an experienced coffee drinker . Would step closer of this one
 I bought this case on 2/25/07 . When I received the case all packages had a sell by date of 01/25/07 . Very disappointing when you are trying to resell something outdated !!
 Big disappointment ... candy was very very hard to eat and I do not recommend this product at all . Cant eat it .
 Matcha tea is not cheap , even on Amazon . I was slightly confused when I opened the bag to find another sealed and labeled bag inside . When I removed it and got Matcha tea -LRB- which is powdered -RRB- EVERYWHERE , I realized the company had just shoved a split bag in another bag . When I 'm paying this much for tea , I do n't expect third rate packaging and short of weighing the product I ca n't be sure how much had spilled before they decided to shove my bag in another bag.I will not buy my matcha from such an amateur company again and I suggest you look elsewhere for your matcha needs . This company obviously is not concerned about customers .
 The Matcha came promptly . There is plenty of it . Those are the positives.The color of the Matcha looks nothing like the photo . It is a deeper , darker more muted green . It tastes similar to what it looks-muddy , sort of like dirty , grassy , water.I have purchased much higher quality Matcha at very reasonable prices -LRB- $ 18.00 for 8oz . -RRB- in Japanese markets in NYC and L.A. I purchased this to drink every morning and to use in cooking and frappuccinos . So far , it is best for frappuccinos where the flavor is enhanced with plenty of sugar and Mimic Cream -LRB- almond , cashew cream substitute -RRB- . I would not recommend this product . Either spend more or keep looking . Good luck !
 Ordered the item on the 7th . . wasnt shipped until the 14th !! WAY BEHIND THE ESTIMATED ARRIVAL DATE ! They did not offer any compensation for my inconvenience . When asked if they would express ship the item , they responded `` since we use proirity mail there is no guarenteed arrival date '' . RIDICULOUS . I got this item FINALLY on Friday Oct. 17th -LRB- 10 days after it was ordered ... 5 days after the promised time frame -RRB- Product is just so-so . It only comes in a silver packaging , with a home-made looking logo on the bag . No Nutritional info , no ingredients . The communication was also very poor . took 2 emails befoe i got a response .
 This product is a FAKE ! It is billed as Lavender Honey but once I received it found out it is actually CLOVER HONEY flavored with lavender . What a disappointment ; I felt dupped !
 Clover honey with lavender flavor injected . Not what I wanted . I was disappointed . This is not lavender honey .
 While I like the fact that it 's organic and I respect the company 's policy of profit donations , I can not give this item a good review.The best analogy I can make is if you take the box it comes in , shred it and add rock-hard raisins -LRB- pebbles can be substituted as they 'd be just as flavorless and have the same consistency -RRB- , you 'd probably achieve exactly the same taste and texture.The ingredients state there are bananas and apples in it though both are undetectable . Considering the flavor is `` Going Bananas '' , one would expect a prevalence of bananas , no ? Perhaps some dried banana chips ? Well , there 's not a one ! Occasionally , there is a slight whiff of something mildly banana-like but absolutely no taste of them whatsoever . If the apples are meant to add sweetness , they do not and are also nowhere to be found.Additionally , as with many of the `` granola '' descriptions on this site , this one is incorrect in that this is a granola CEREAL and NOT GRANOLA ! There are no clusters like in a premium granola one would eat from the bag . This is all tiny little flakes meant to be eaten in a bowl with milk . Though even in a bowl with milk and sugar , the stuff kept a texture of gravel and the taste could not be helped.The boxes I got where fairly close to expiration , less than 3 months , so are still considered fresh and that should not be the reason for the taste or lack thereof .
 If you like grainy , course , and dry tasting cereal , this is for you.We 're a family of 5 , all health nuts , fit , and we love to cook and garden so we know our foods ... and let me say that this cereal was a little tough to accept . I think half of it was given to our parrots , they liked it more than we did.Sorry , just being honest.We 've not tried any of this companies other products , yet , so not sure what else they make/sell .
 How this Mustard ever Won two `` Best Mustard '' Titles is a Wonder . It is advertized under Two different Name Titles , so do not be Fooled by the Titles , they are Both the exact same Mustard . After trying this Mustard I can see why people mix it with other Ingredients , i.e. , Mayo , Honey , Sour Cream , etc. . Used Straight , it starts off Good , but Then a Slightly BITTER Taste Kicks in which totaly ruins the Mustard Taste . In my Opinion it is a Huge Disappointment ! .
 This product had cocunat oil which I did not know about until I got it , which I am allergic to . The ingrentions should be listed before you buy . My husbund did not think they tasted good at all .
 I purchased 2 pkgs of these unsweetened banana chips . I really thought they would be similar to other banana chips that are sweetened . I wanted some with just a little sweetness but not as sweet as what is normally on the market . However - I do n't like to say anything bad about anything but these absolutely taste like cardboard - there is absolutely NO taste -LRB- you would never guess you were eating bananas if you were blindfolded -RRB- and the texture is like cardboard also . I WOULD NEVER PURCHASE THEM AGAIN . Sorry ... wish I could say something positive about these but I ca n't in all honestly .
 Do n't waste your money on these . They have no taste at all . I used them in a cookie recipe and not one person could tell me what flavor they were . I gave them one star because evidently a rating necessary . It does n't deserve one or any part of a star !
 Bought these as snack to keep in office as snack . They taste like cardboard , with no natural banana taste . I have purchased similar product at my local grocery store and they tasted better ! Do not recommend buying !
 The quick summary is if you want a banana snack , eat a banana . If you want a portable banana snack that will not bruise , get a banana snack like Trader Joe 's ` flattened banana ' which is nothing but a flattened banana . These banana chips are labeled as ` unsweetened ' which makes you think they are healthy , but they have coconut oil which adds a lot of fat calories of questionable quality . I would suggest pure 100 % banana for your banana snack . You do n't know anything about the quality of the oil which goes into this product or how damaged the oil gets when it is kept at high heat to prepare these chips . Stick with banana only products without added oil .
 This item was hard and crusty and sickenly artificial sweet , had purchased another brand and fell in love with it but this brand was a huge disappointment .
 I love cherries ripe , jammed , dried , any way I can get them . I 've eaten lot of different kinds of dried fruit from different providers . These were stale and I ended up throwing them out .
 I just opened my first can of Olde Cape Cod Clam Chowder and found it too salty to get past 2 tablespoons and tossed it out . My lips actually burned and swelled which sometimes happens when I eat theatre popcorn that has been oversalted . Very unpleasant sensation . I compared with other canned soups -LRB- & beans too -RRB- in my cupboard and found the sodium contant to be quite a bit higher than anything else on the shelf at 675 grams . Needless to say I 'm disappointed and would n't ever buy another product from them . I 'm thinking my dad would have liked it being a smoker much of his life and salting everything within reach because his taste buds had been ` fried ' . I 'd give this product a low rating also because the `` other spices '' could include anything . I 'll be more discriminating next time . Must have been in a hurry when I purchased this from local health food market .
 I 've tried other Guiltless food items but these were bland and boring . I bought them because I can not tolerate wheat/gluten and had hoped that this would be a nice alternative . I opened the bag , ate one , reclosed the bag and put it away . I 'll feed it to my nephew instead . I give it two for attempting to make it a tasty treat .
 I went to their site where they say these cherries are sweetened with sugar . The packages we got were sweetened , not with sugar , but with High Fructose Corn Syrup . Said so right on the package . Would n't have bought them if I 'd known that . HFCS is so bad for you even famous soft drink manufacturers are replacing it with sugar.Misleading descriptions are a poor showing by these folks .
 From the display on the amazon site , it is not apparent what the size of the package is . I paid approximately what I would pay for 50 pounds of flour for a 4 oz package of baking mix - plus outrageous shipping on top of that . I never expected to encounter such cheating on Amazon and this gives me doubt about continuing to purchase on Amazon - especially groceries - unless I know exactly what it is I am buying . I will certainly not purchase from this seller ever again .
 This mix is a total waste of money . First of all , they make the mix sound really low-calorie , but the directions call for heavy cream . The pancakes have a horrible after-taste , and the initial taste is really bad . This is the first time I 've ever reviewed a product on Amazon , but I dislike this product so much , I felt like I had to write it . I ate one pancake , and threw the rest out . Even the dog would n't eat them.Don ' t buy this mix ! You 'll be sorry .
 This was a surprise . I ordered Prince of Wales , which is usually a black tea and received a black tea with flowers and leaves in it . When brewed it had a distinctively floral taste . Not good for a breakfast tea . I would like to have known that the specks of color in the picture were flowers and leaves .
 I ordered a large intial order from `` The Crab Place '' , who by the way go under various other names including '' -LCB- The Lobster Store '' which should be an early warning of something ugly pending in the wind . -RSB- Their `` Big Momma Shrimp '' was the toughest , blandest shell fish I have ever eaten ... and their Lobster tails were tasteless and mushy.The WORST thing that arrived on my order was the jar of `` Crab Place '' tarter sauce . THERE SHOULD BE A CRIME against companys that make this poor of a product . It was separated , like a clear slimey yellowish fluid with what looked like crab entrails floating around in the bottle.It literally made me nautious and we threw it into our kitchen trash can straight from `` The Crab Place 's '' shipping container.When I wrote to complain about these problems , MATT from the Crab Place basically said `` Sorry to hear you were disappointed ... let me know how the Crab Cakes you also ordered turn out `` Matt ... if this is your idea of Customer Service , then that explains the lack of quality , the inexcusable poor integrity of your company , and your williness to put `` On Sale '' so many of `` The Crab Place 's '' products on the internet.I truly believe this company is selling online , ONLY because they have been shut down by the local health department and have no other way to make a buck !
 We ordered a large intial order from `` The Crab Place '' , who by the way go under various other names including '' -LCB- The Lobster Store '' which should be an early warning of something ugly pending in the wind . -RSB- Their `` Big Momma Shrimp '' was the toughest , blandest shell fish I have ever eaten ... and their Lobster tails were tasteless and mushy.The WORST thing that arrived on my order was the jar of `` Crab Place '' tarter sauce . THERE SHOULD BE A CRIME against companys that make this poor of a product . It was separated , like a clear slimey yellowish fluid with what looked like crab entrails floating around in the bottle.It literally made me nautious and we threw it into our kitchen trash can straight from `` The Crab Place 's '' shipping container.When I wrote to complain about these problems , MATT from the Crab Place basically said `` Sorry to hear you were disappointed ... let me know how the Crab Cakes you also ordered turn out `` Matt ... if this is your idea of Customer Service , then that explains the lack of quality , the inexcusable poor integrity of your company , and your williness to put `` On Sale '' so many of `` The Crab Place 's '' products on the internet.I truly believe this company is selling online , ONLY because they have been shut down by the local health department and have no other way to make a buck !
 They tasted awful ! I followed the directions step by step , took about 30 minutes to make them . The final product was not worth the time it took to cook them . We wo n't be buying them again .
 These Dixie Carb products are awful . They might be low carb but they are full of fat , hard to make and taste awful . See my review on the pecan sticky buns for the gory details . Do n't bother !
 This mix cost 7.99 on amazon and one still requires the -LRB- 2 -RRB- 8oz packages of cream cheese and 3 large eggs . The topping and cake were not good . Eli 's cheesecake factory -LRB- Chicago -RRB- sells a low carb -LRB- edible -RRB- cheesecake in their store that is cheaper and taste much better . I really wanted to like this product and wish just one person had written a review . I followed the instructions given and the other person in my household would have rated it a 3 out of 5 for a low carb food . I give it two stars because at least dixie carb counters is trying to make us low carb food .
 I was so dying for a low carb cracker so I could enjoy some Atkin 's approved tuna fish or egg salad on it , that I ordered four boxes of these crackers in different flavors . I anxiously waited a week for their arrival and immediately dug into one ... Let me tell you what these taste exactly like . When you were young , were you ever feeling adventurous and wondered what your pet Fido 's dog biscuits tasted like ? I did and used to chew half-heartedly on one now and then . Remember that hard , mealy taste?Smackaroos crackers taste exactly like dog biscuits . Flatter , thinner dog biscuits.I mean , I 'm eating mine because I laid out $ 25 for four tiny boxes -LRB- and yes , the boxes are tiny -RRB- and do n't have money to waste . But I ca n't decide if they 're better than nothing.So if you want to sample Smackaroos , go to a PetSmart or your neighbor 's house and borrow a dog biscuit.Same darn flavor .
 I have a high tolerance for diet type foods ... I am not overly picky , but these were so gross and inedible . I threw the package out . And the crackers are tiny ... pic makes them look bigger than they really are .
 This may be a good cracker , but I had to return it , since inside wrap was all ripped and cracker was exposed to air in the box . Maybe I got a lemon , but I was not impressed that it was sent out like that .
 I ordered a case of these black soy beans with the anticipation of making a low carb chili . I was extremely disappointed when the case arrived and 2/3 of the cans were dented . I am concerned that they are not safe to use !
 I was expecting great things because of 1 -RRB- price and 2 -RRB- Omaha Steaks name . This product did not live up to expectations.Chicken breast size is nice and cooks up well , but the artichoke parmesan oozes out during cooking and makes a mess . Most all of the stuffing oozes out and leaves a bland -LRB- and horribly expensive -RRB- chicken breast.Omaha Steaks offers the Chicken Cordon Bleu which is better for both the tastebuds and wallet .
 Very disappointing item . Dry , tasteless crackers . Several were broken in the package . Not worth the high price . Would never buy again .
 Special K is loaded with High fructose corn syrup . Being on the special K diet messed up my gut for months until I was finally diagnosed with Fructose Intolerance . HFCS is not a natural food , it is engineered with enzymes . It makes foods in the US cheaper and sweeter .
 Love love Sahale & glad they are out of box company . . personally this mix did not work for me or my family .
 I di n't love these at all . The flavor combinations struck me as off , there was no improvement in the pistachio taste by adding harissa . Also the texture was unpleasant , somewhat soggy . I like the healthy aspect , but if you are n't enjoying the experience why eat at all ?
 The case was missing a whole bag of snacks . Could n't get a hold of any kind of customer service , and nobody responded to my e-mails .
 I first purchased the brand from Target where I found delicious and fresh tasting bags . I liked the interesting and unique blends and the prices were acceptable . I tried a couple of individual bags from Amazon and found similar quality , so I ordered a subscription of the series of blends . Bad move - I 've not found a fresh bag since - each arrives in a extremely dry condition , odd , since these appear to be vacuum-packed , but I 'm losing interest in maintaining the subscription . I 'm giving it one more month , but if I get another batch that appears to have sent to me via 1923 then I 'm off to the nearest Target to beg with the Food Department Manager to increase their selection .
 I had purchased a single pouch at a retail store and loved it !! However , when I received the pouches I ordered , compared to the one pouch I bought locally , the pouches that came in the order were NOT fresh !! The nuts were stale and the coating dried up . VERY disappointed !!!
 I wish there was a review out there I could 've read that would 've steered me away from buying this before I wasted $ 3 . I do n't expect much out of canned food , but at least a spicy Millennium old Mexican soup could have more than a monotone , bland flavor and the texture of beans and franks , with unrecognizable hunks of pork and what was once hominy corn . Just figure out how to make it and cook it yourself , unless you 're just a Pozole addict and far from home .
 Great chocolate but these are available for $ 1.99 in any decent supermarket . Paying $ 3.50 - $ 8.48 per 3.5 oz plus shipping is simply foolish .
 Purchased Lemon Peppered Catfish as part of a Lenten Package offered via Omaha Steak 's sales rep.First clue , the lemony smell emanating from my oven . We eat various fresh caught and frozen fish regularly at home and out and have purchased fish from Omaha Steaks in the past . Point being , lemon and fish is not a foreign concept nor are Omaha Steak 's tasty , quality items.Second clue , the communal pucker , blinking eyes and eventual unison `` that 's interesting '' -LRB- code for WTF -RRB- . The lemon even over powered the pepper . It 's a rarity to purchase `` a miss '' from Omaha Steaks ... this was . Luckily their Customer Service is very responsive and credited my account.Lessons learned
 This stuff is really , entirely horrible . The lobster tails are really hard , and they tast like rubber . It is a complete waste of a good $ 74.00 . Do n't waste your money on this `` gourmet food '' .
 Are you kidding me ? Sure it comes at a lobster price but I never tasted lobster so synthetic and sooooooooooooooo rubbery in my entire life . I should know , I 've lived in New England and Florida . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS GARBAGE ! If you must buy from Omaha -LRB- a steak company -RRB- , buy steaks . At least it 's steak and not horse pretending to be steak !
 This product ships in great packaging and it looks good , but the taste ... horrible . In fact , there is not much one can do wrong with good fresh crab legs , just steam/boil , and freeze to ship . They added salt to the legs while cooking so much so that it tasted not only bad in my opinion , but my cat did not eat them either.So , save your money , and go to any local store that carries the king crab legs , I bet you they are not worse then the ones I had to throw away .
 King Crab , low quality , small legs . Can buy better quality king crab legs at my local supermarket.Would not purchase this product again .
 DONT EVER GO THROUGH THIS COMPANY FIND YOUR ICECREAM SOMEWHERE ELSE.MY WIFE ORDERED WRONG KIND CALLED TO RETURNED AN WAS CALLED A IDIOT SPEND YOUR MONEY ELSEWHERE .
 Anyone who is a fan of the Mahi-Mahi fish knows that it has a very distinct flavor . It 's non-fishy . A true Mahi filet is delicious . I 've eaten Mahi at many restaurants , and in the Caribbean . I can tell you that what I just took out of the box and baked , is NOT Mahi . Some parts of it were EXTREMELY fishy , and it just did n't have that Mahi taste . Texture seemed to be that of a Mahi fish , but taste wise , absolutely not . I would n't buy this again .
 While the shipping was quick , the product was not good . It tasted like an ashtray , not the smoked salt I had had a week earlier in a restaurant in Philly . I actually just threw it away . I probably have to go for the much smaller much more expensive variety .
 I am surprised at the other glowing reviews for this drink , for I found it to taste terrible and provide no extra energy.A bunch of us at work got a case of this as a joke . The reaction at the first sip was universal
 All of his energy drinks taste awful . Whether they actually give you energy I would n't know I could never finish one can . I will stick with Rock Star and even the other dollar energy drink Rip It , which all tastes good and provides a decent amount of energy .
 As a diabetic , I am always looking for ways to drop the carbs . I 've been trying to come up with a low-carb BBQ sauce . I bought a case of this stuff at Amazon figuring `` how bad can it be ? '' I was wrong ! This stuff is DISGUSTING !!! You always hear about a product having a bad after taste , but this stuff gives you the vile taste first . I 've tried mixing it with honey , milk , butter and even lemon juice trying to kill the bad taste . It does n't work!DO NOT BUY THIS DISGUSTING PRODUCT !!!
 I did n't buy this product from Amazon , but I 've used both the brown sugar version and regular granulated sugar offerings from Sugar Twin . They have a strong metallic taste that is palpable even when mixed with other ingredients . I replaced a small amount of brown sugar with sugar twin -LRB- about 1/4 of the total sugar in the recipe -RRB- , and the finished baked goods tasted overwhelmingly like metal . The same thing occurred a few months ago with the white sugar version -LRB- I should 've learned from that experience and just avoided the line of products altogether -RRB- . I definitely do not recommend this product .
 I bought a case of the Sugar Twin Brown Sugar substitute based on the positive reviews it received . Was I disappointed ! This product tastes NOTHING like sugar . It tastes like what it is
 Can you believe this tea is $ 25 ? If I got it at a grocery store , I would have returned it right away-stale , smells like dust , nothing , absolutely nothing special . Will never buy it again .
 I bought 12 boxes of Sugar Twin from Amazon . It was hard and clumpy where it had been exposed to moisture . The product is good but I would never order it from Amazon again .
 This product has gotten to hot or something a big hard rock in box . Not useable will never order again . Amazon would not return money .
 I used to rave about these Philippine Brand Dried Mangoes , they tasted so amazing , so unlike all the other over-sugared brands.However , my last order was 10 times better than this last one . It seems they 've succumbed to the add-insane-amounts-of-sugar crowd.These used to be great , now they taste just like all the other dried mangoes - they even crunch when you bite into the crystallized sugar.I 'll miss them .
 I was very disappointed with this product . It is mostly sugar syrup with some raspberry flavoring -LRB- 15 % -RRB- . The raspberry taste is very weak , being overwhelmed by the lemon and other berry flavor . Another brand that I ended up purchasing as a replacement was far better , but I admit it cost a lot more . I wish the ingredients had been viewable before receiving it -LRB- at least I could n't find a link to see what the ingredients were -RRB- . Perhaps the bottle that I got was too old , though the date on it says 02/2011 .
 We have had Omaha Steak products for years.We have had stuffed sole -LRB- crab and shrimp -RRB- that was very nice and convenient.This was awful . Not worth tasting . All we could taste was garlic . It was very buttery -LRB- ? -RRB- on the outside and alittle rubbery.Left a terrible , overwhelming after taste.We will not even ask for a replacement , which Omaha is not very good at doing anyway .
 Not good at all ! Sorely disappointed - Fish was rubbery - `` stuffing `` was gummy , garlicky and just plain bad . Will not order ever again . Furtherwhere was the `` shrimp ??
 I received 2 of these with my first ever Omaha steaks order and they turned out being the biggest disappointment so far out of everything included in my order , for a few reasons . 1 , the image is deceptive , because the stuffed sole looks nothing like the picture , but that 's typical marketing stuff and to be expected to some degree . 2 , these are n't really `` stuffed '' with scallops and crab meat . The stuffing is basically 97 % clumps of flavored bread or something , and there 's very little crab or scallops . 3 , the ingredients . The 3rd most used ingredient in these `` stuffed '' fillets is , as listed on their website `` INGREDIENTS
 I finally decided to order a package deal knowing I could get stuffed sole -LRB- scallops and crabmeat -RRB- with steaks as well as various other things . Tried the steaks first and while I was disappointed with the size I do say they are way more properly portioned than what I usually get . They are quite thin and are okay at best but definitely not worth the money . Next we tried the potatoes au gratin and I liked that they were different than the sliced stuff in a casserole dish I remember having as a kid -LRB- never liked them before -RRB- but these were potato balls and while they looked really good they fell short of what I was expecting and my expectations were not that high . One of those deals where the first bite is pretty good and it just goes down hill from there ~ by the time I was done with the first one I did n't care to eat the second one . They seemed like processed frozen food rather than a gourmet type item . I had just always thought `` Ohama Steaks '' and figured for the price everything would be that of a high-end steakhouse in quality but it is n't even in the ball park of a high-end steakhouse.So ... what has prompted me to finally write -LRB- I was n't going to -RRB- was tonight I tried the stuffed sole . I had one a while back `` just to see '' and while it seemed really bland it was so-so , so I thought I 'd prepare a side dish -LRB- my own mashed potatoes -RRB- with it this time and give it another shot . -LRB- I 'm a nut for anything crab and scallop . -RRB- Being hungry I baked 2 of them . Again I was disappointed with how bland it was but when I started finding BONES in my mouth that was it . BOTH of them had little bones.It was obviously a waste of time and money and I do n't even care about the rest of the food . I may try to see if I can give it away . I am simply not interested and having paid that much money for this stuff and it tasting like some cheap clearance item , not to mention the BONES !! That is just not acceptable to me . I 'm glad it was n't one of my kids eating it .
 We received a flyer in the mail -- an assortment of foods , beef , pork , and these really awful stuffed sole with crab and scallops . Well , like a dummy , I bought the deal.So , perhaps the truth on Omaha Steaks
 The sole is okay but the stuffing is gross . It 's mostly breading and is really nasty in would never eat is again . My husband took 1 bite And could not eat anymore .
 When my wife and I first decided to try Omaha Steaks -LRB- I do n't know , perhaps we were bored -RRB- we did n't even consider what came in the package besides the steaks . When they first arrived I was honestly more interested in the package of dry ice than the measly 4oz bits of beef with so little marbling that they looked petri dish grown . Also in the cooler were some small pork chops , white hotdogs , mini beef slider patties , potato nuggets , and two big balls of butter in little plastic bags . Upon closer inspections -LRB- actually we had to read the box -RRB- we discovered that there was actually seafood inside that butter.A few months later I decided to try one -LRB- I do n't know , perhaps I was bored -RRB- . My wife however was not interested in experimenting with me . Turns out in this instance -LRB- as is almost always the case -RRB- she was in the right . After placing the butter ball into the pan with the required 2 tbsp of water and placing into the oven , I waited the minimum thirty minutes . I peeked into the oven to find what looked like a steamed piece of sole sitting in a puddle of watered down butter . Protruding from one end was what looked like pre-chewed fish stick slime , and it was growing . I decided to give it a couple minutes , just to be on the safe side . Checking every two minutes I left it in the oven for the full forty minutes stated as the maximum time in the instructions.As I reluctantly pulled the Sole Stuffed with ... something out of the oven , I considered that HEY , maybe it will taste better than it looks . The first bite I took was the `` stuffing '' smooshing out of one end of the sole . Sure enough , it was pre-chewed fish sticks ! The texture was slime with an over powering flavor of flour and water . Yep , paste ! I immediately abandoned the stuffing and attempted to eat the sole . As others have stated , the flavor was mild and nothing more than alright . The texture was rubbery with a baked on butter slime.Getting up from the table the only statement that came to mind was `` at least if someone we do n't like crashes a dinner party we 'll have something to feed them '' . Honestly , you 're better off buying fish sticks in your local grocer . At least they are n't pre-chewed .
 The fish is a bit rubbery and bland . Lots of garlic flavor , but no taste of shrimp at all . Not bad , but not good . I 'll stick to the steaks .
 This product ships in great packaging and it looks good , but the taste ... horrible . In fact , there is not much one can do wrong with good fresh crab legs , just steam/boil , and freeze to ship . They added salt to the legs while cooking so much so that it tasted not only bad in my opinion , but my cat did not eat them either.So , save your money , and go to any local store that carries the king crab legs , I bet you they are not worse then the ones I had to throw away .
 King Crab , low quality , small legs . Can buy better quality king crab legs at my local supermarket.Would not purchase this product again .
 I bought these cranberry beans for a trial because they were advertised by dr. Oz for good health , they were expensive and had to pay a horrible shipping price . They are way over priced and not anywhere near worth the shipping cost . My opinion is I like the beans but I will never order again and I wish I had my money back .
 It just was n't good . Had a greasy texture and for all the horrible ingredients in it I do n't understand what would bring someone to buy one . Had to wash mouth out .
 Sadly , this product uses the artificial flavoring * -LRB- listed as `` aromas '' in the ingredients list -RRB- that 's used to make `` truffle oil '' products
 I bought this product , since I just came from my vacation in Spain and had there my churros with the hot chocalate `` a la taza '' style , which is a very thick dark chocolate taste . But this product does NOT come nearly close to the real taste . It is super light flavored , kind of sour and once is done it starts to `` desintigrate '' or crumble , like when milk becomes sour with its lumps and sour taste . Did n't like it at all . Would n't recomend to anyone !
 We do n't like giving negative reviews but ca n't think of anything good to say about this flavor from Nature 's Path . We love the Strawberry , Blueberry , and Apple Cinnamon flavors of these unfrosted toaster pastries but all four of the people in our household think this flavor is awful . Sorry Nature 's Path but we would n't eat the Brown Sugar Maple Cinnamon pastries if they were free .
 The nuts were stale and tastless . I tried to get a refund but you said it could not be refunded . I threw them out .
 I purchased this item after my children enjoyed this exact favor + blueberry purchased from Costco . But they said this item sent from Amazon tasted different - not fresh . Now I have four more boxed that I have no idea what to do with .
 I am surprised by all the positive reviews for these . We try to buy a lot of organic food so I thought these would be perfect . First off , it 's hard to tell what flavor they are . They certainly dont taste like strawberry , maybe more like apple . And they are much harder than pop tarts . My kids wont eat them at all so now I have a huge case just sitting here .
 although it said organic . Something definitely isnt . My son , who can only have organic snacks ate them and began wheezing horribly so much so he had to be rushed to doctor twice .
 whey protein isolate ... rice extract ... two sources of MSG . skip this and all of ` natures path ' products . theyre tainted.if you think that organic means safe , think again . monosodium glutamate can be considered `` organic '' or `` natural '' . watch these trickster ingredients , friends . if youve made the leap to organic , you have to dump the MSG from your diet too . get researching if you dont know about monosodium glutamate .
 Very disappointed . Did not know these were not the peanuts with the red skins . How can they be beer nuts - without the skins ?????
 Arrived in two separate bags but the worms were all stuck together . They were not that fresh and had not been stored correctly . The sugar coating that is added to help prevent them from sticking appeared melted . When I 've purchased they at the store the worms always are always separate and very fresh . These were similar to the cheaper brands that you can expect to not be of the highest quality .
 Whew ! Finally off the pot . This stuff will cleanse your digestive system with the quickness!I felt as though i was prepping for a colonoscopy for 4 days until I stopped using it.Everything is back to normal now thank God but . . I will not use any again . Still have several pounds of it left . any takers ?
 First off , This drink contains Chlorine -LRB- Sucralose is 66 % Chlorine -RRB- . I drank some of this last night and thought , `` Why does this taste like a ` Diet ' drink if it has H.F.Corn-Syrup ?? '' . So I read the label , and see `` Sucralose '' . FYI
 Newsflash ! This is just another garbage product to fatten people up and addict them to food and drink . If you want healthy juice MAKE IT AT HOME ! This V8 , splash and fusion is just processed trash with `` flavoring '' `` acids '' and `` sucralose '' . Do you know what that stuff is ? It 's MSG just given another name . Why is there high fructose corn syrup ? If this was made from real fruit , there would be no need to put corn syrup in it . `` Sucralose '' is practically synonymous with CANCER ! This is garbage and poison just like every other processed thing on you 're grocer 's shelf . Make your own juice at home and stop being a slave to the chemicals in processed foods !
 I like the original V8 drink . It tastes great.The new V8 Spalsh Juice , however , does not . It also contains High Fructose Corn Syrup , which is the main ingredient added to American food that makes Americans obese . So , I 'll stick with the original version.As a side note , I tried to rate this product with zero stars , but that option is not available , so I had to add a star so that I could write this review .
 I have used this product before and it is excellent . Unfortunately , when this shipment arrived the seal on the item was broken and some of the product had already been squirted out of the container into the lid . I ca n't use it and according to Amazon 's policies -LRB- pressurized container -RRB- I ca n't return it . I ca n't even request a replacement to be sent - very unimpressed with Amazon .
 I 've had several different kinds of banana nut coffee , have LOVED them all and was SO excited to get this 4 pack of coffee beans !! Complete and utter disappointment . This tasted like fingernail polish smells . It 's not the coffee machine , I recently got a DeLonghi and everything is wonderful made in it . EXCEPT THIS COFFEE BEAN . Now I have 3 full , unopened packages of horrible coffee beans and I ca n't return them ! This makes me extremely unhappy .
 Did not come in a sealed package , but in a small ziploc bag . Will not use it ... Also , shipping was way expensive in comparison with the value of the product .
 This product is fine but I only had 1/4 of it left after the packaging ripped while it was in a box and mixed with all the other products and RUINED everything else in the box ! UGH .
 We ordered the Chocolate Lover 's Cake for a special occasion . It looked good , the frosting was good , but the cake was very dry . All the frosting in the world ca n't cover up a dry cake . Very disappointed especially when promised a moist cake .
 Sorry I have to say that although I 've enjoyed many foods from Omaha Steaks , this chocolate lovers cake was not one of them . The cake was extremely dry and the frosting was very bitter . A friend and I were disappointed upon trying to eat it and threw most of it away .
 Shin ramen is delicious , but this is sooo expensive for a 20 pack . Guys there are much cheaper sellers right here on amazon -LRB- < 1.00 ea -RRB- . Look around !
 Tasted exactly like the same crap I get served in the chow hall on a military base . It was truly poor quality , which is a surprise considering how awesome every other Omaha Steak product is . Do n't waste your money !
 bland , and boring ... thick crust.My daughter would n't eat the fish at all due to the trout 's skin which has a slimy consistency.The fish had no flavor and no texture . The crust is like a big , thick blanket of a pre - processed mashed up casing , not a traditional bread crumb / with cheese topping . It has no texture and the flavor is lacking .
 The thing that had attracted me to this and that distinguished it from other baskets was the picnic hamper . The hamper , however , turned out to be flimsy and either badly designed or badly assembled . The simple act of opening the lid caused damage , because one handle obstructed the lid in back , such that lifting the lid gouged out some material . It 's not like I had to lift hard either ; the wood was simply weak enough to take damage instead of resisting the obstruction . The handles fit so tightly around the basket that it was a challenge to lift them into a carrying position . I tried to be very careful around the flimsy hinges with their flimsy mounting , but I managed to tear one off anyway , which damaged the wood behind it . Despite my attempt to be careful , the lid was almost useless before we got out the door with it . I had hoped to wind up with a reusable hamper -LRB- a `` handy picnic basket for many years to come '' -RRB- , but we did n't get to use it even once.My disappointment with the contents was that I could have done as well or better with a quick trip to the grocery store . For example , the `` Camembert '' was marked `` cheese product '' and did n't resemble the picture on the box . The crackers were just like those I can find on the shelf at Safeway . The sausage was acceptable , but again , I could have done as well at Safeway . There was n't any `` premium gourmet goodness '' like the description says.For the same money , or even less , I could have bought and stocked an actual picnic hamper with the same or better food .
 bland , and boring ... thick crust.My daughter would n't eat the fish at all due to the trout 's skin which has a slimy consistency.The fish had no flavor and no texture . The crust is like a big , thick blanket of a pre - processed mashed up casing , not a traditional bread crumb / with cheese topping . It has no texture and the flavor is lacking .
 My child rarely has candy so her perception of `` sweet '' is more geared to fruit than to junk food . Still , she wo n't eat these laces and told me they have almost no taste at all . I tried some and have to agree with her .
 my first order was great . fresh almonds , just the right amount of candy coating . so i decided to order again and here starts the dissapointments :1 . most of the candy coated almonds were actually candy coated PEANUTS . yep , i know my almonds and peanuts and certainly do not appreciate someone trying to pull a fast one on me or the taste of peanut butter with my candy .2 . the candy coating was somewhat stale . not exactly crunchy . almost as it been exposed to quite a bit of humidity .3 . many were fused together . do n't even know what to say about that .4 . lots of smallish candy , likely due to the fact that they are actually peanuts .5 . not exactly 1 pound either ... done with this vendor .
 The vanilla , chocolate and almond flavor was nice , but the coating was very hard . I am going to order a different product for my wedding .
 I first had this company 's tea in Seattle . It is a little shop at the famous open air market , Pike 's Place . I highly reccommend their Red Bush and Spice tea . In fact , the Red Bush tea has 50 times the anti oxidants as green tea.The Huckleberry was a bit too fruity for me and the smell is overpowering in my storage cabinet .
 I found these tea bags to be of inferior quality . They do n't even taste good and not at all like huckleberry tea should taste . Definitely not recommended .
 These are more like a very chewy , slightly hard fruit roll-up . It does n't taste at all like red licorice or nibs etc. . Cherry is slightly better tasting than the strawberry . We threw the whole case we had to buy away because no one would eat them .
 I was kinda disapointed when I ate these gluten-free vines . They taste kinda blan . They have a plastic taste , they could have more flavor and a little more sugar . The texture was n't bad . They are okay , but I wo n't buy them again .
 I ca n't believe these things have such great reviews ! I was hoping these would be good because I had organic jelly beans and they are delicious . However , these tasted like wax/plastic . There was barely any flavor . No thank you .
 We recently discovered my daughter has food alergies . Since before Halloween , I 've been trolling the internet looking for candy that she can eat . She loves chocolate but it 's not enough variety . When I saw these I got very excited because she 's wanted to try twizzlers but ca n't . Fortunately , I tried them first . There is a very faint taste of strawberry-like flavor but what little flavor I was able to crush out of these things was not worth the work my jaws had to put in to get it . Even as I write this , having tossed the package away 20 minutes ago , I have a rather nasty after-taste even Lifebouy might not get out . Nice story on the packaging about how the company came about but the story is far more satisfying than the product . No thank you .
 Hard , tough , pasty aftertaste . Like gnawing on a rubber hose but with a less pleasant flavor . Somewhere in the back of that just woke up in the morning and scraped it off your teeth taste there was a lingering strawberryish flavor . An unripe and turned slightly bad strawberryish flavor with not a hint of sweetness . These were awful . So bad I could n't swallow the bite I took . It was such a disappointment since I was really excited to get these after Runningrabbit stopped making the good stuff . If I fed these to my kids they would report me to CPS . I want to pull them out of the package and whip the CEO with them as punishment . If I 'd never had candy in my life these would still taste terrible ! Did I mention they are n't good . ? Seriously , if you are looking for something that tastes anything like a red vine or any type of licorice this is n't it .
 More than doubling the retail price is hoggish . I wish Amazon exercised at least some control over resellers like this who hugely mark up products that can be bought elsewhere on the web , such as from the manufacturer . I recommend you shop around , both to save more than 50 % of the price and in order not to support resellers like this . By the way , a similar review to this one was just removed from the website . I guess the reseller does n't want it to be known how much they mark this product up ...
 I love this tea . I am disgusted by the appalling mark-up this seller has put on it . A one pound bag of this very same Mighty Leaf Organic Earl Grey , loose leaf , is available directly on their Mighty Leaf website for $ 24 . I love shopping through Amazon ; it is simple , and I -LRB- generally -RRB- feel secure that I 'm getting competitive pricing from an array of reputable dealers . I often do n't bother comparing to outside sources ... in this case I 'm glad I did !
 This product says `` Jolly Rancher FRUIT CHEWS '' ... I received the HARD CANDY . I called the Customer Service as soon as I received the wrong thing and asked for her to send me the CORRECT type of candy . She said they did n't have anything but HARD CANDY ... SOOOOOO It 's definitely false advertisement because it CLEARLY states `` FRUIT CHEWS '' when you are ordering . I was buying this for my mom for Christmas because it 's her favorite candy and I could n't find them in any store and apparently I ca n't even trust to buy them on the internet anymore either . SO RIDICULOUS !!!! Needless to say , mom did n't get her candy for Christmas ~ I DO NOT RECOMMEND TO ANYONE TO BUY THIS PROIDUCT if you 're wanting fruit chews ... because you wo n't get it .
 I did agree with these two reviews . Excellent refrieds ; the best by far!Then one day I bought a can at SaveMart and the back of the can said ARIZONA where it ususlly said a Product of Mexico !! Sure enough , not very good now ! Check it out . I am not sure if these will be replacing the Mexico beans ?? But this is all I can find now - ARIZONA !! Blaach !!!
 I ordered what I thought was matcha tea powder . a comment on the page said it was SLIGHTLY sweetened , no specific nutritional info was available when looking to order . on the info when the tea arrived was a calorie count of 393cal/serving , and ingredients which include corn syrup solids and partial hydrogenated oils . not what I was expecting from a green tea powder . would NOT recommend .
 Although its always nice to find gluten free products available to those who suffer from Celiac Disease , its also troubling to find many of these products also are high in sugar . I found this to be extremely too sweet for my taste . If I purchase something that is chocolate I want to taste chocolate not be overwhelmed by sugar.Rice flour in itself is high glycemic and with the added sugar this product made me feel ill from the sugar content . I have been baking for years the old fashioned way with whole wheat but after developing Celiac I no longer could consume it . I learned later from a nutritionist that sugar was also a problem for people who have Celiac . Through trial and error I found this to be so true . Ca n't the makers of these mixes back off on the sugar ? I removed the chips as well as they were too sweet . Other than that its okay for a rice flour mix cause we all know rice does not compare to whole wheat .
 I 've subscribed to receive Pamela 's GF cookie mix and after the second delivery of OLD mixes I am returning to buying them in the store . All of the last mixes during the last several months -LRB- 6 bags per order x 2 = 12 -RRB- have been OLD -- not expired , but the chocolate is dried up , light brown and crumbles to a powder . I discovered it 's not possible to return a subscribe 'n save order -LRB- for some reason -RRB- so I have to throw out the chocolate chips and use Ghiradelli instead . Whenever I have bought Pamela 's from Whole Foods the chocolate in the mix has been dark brown , fresh and never has crumbled to powder.AVOID subscribe and save on this item . Buy them in a store .
 I really love the oatmeal raisin cookies I ordered from Pamela 's , but these were really bad - they were dry , tasteless and seemed old . Going back to Pamela 's oatmeal raisin - if I can find them .
 I am not trying to be mean or anything but these cookies very very dry and tasted very unpleasant .
 The ingredients shown on Pamela 's website did not show any corn in the mix . The package lists corn derivatives in the mix . My grandson is allergic to corn , so this is a problem .
 Everyone raves about Pamela 's mixes , so I had high hopes . My kids seem to like them , so that 's good . Perhaps if I had eaten them fresh from the oven I would have liked them more . I ate one the next day and found it to be the usual grainy , gritty texture I associate with gluten free products . After a few chews it was like a mouthful of mud . I will definitely be looking for something else .
 The wheat free brownie mix is not to my liking . I wo n't be reordering . I 'd rather not eat chocolate than to eat these brownies .
 I tried Pamela 's Brownie Mix on the recommendation of a relative with celiac , about a year after I was diagnosed . I was pretty disappointed ; although moist with a very brownie-like texture , there is an aftertaste I did n't like that I notice in many GF baking mixes . Also I agree with the comment about them tasting carob-y instead of chocolatey . My non-GF family & friends said they were `` weird '' and `` different '' . Not terrible , but after I tasted one , I did not want another . I 'm sticking with the flourless brownie recipe I 've been using ; at least my family likes them .
 The store was out of the usual GF brownie mix we use -LRB- Namaste brand -RRB- , so I bought these instead . That was a mistake . These brownies taste like chocolate is missing from the recipe , have a very odd aftertaste , and a really grainy texture.They smelled delicious so I was really hopeful but they are quite nasty . One of the previous reviewers said it tastes `` grainy '' and that is the perfect word to use . Not even my 3 year old chocoholic would touch these after one bite ! I will not be making the mistake of buying these again.However , as a better alternative to those looking for a good mix , I highly recommend the Namaste brand brownie mix , I think they are even better than brownies with gluten !
 Do not buy this !!! I love boba tea drinks . I 've spent a small fortune buying them . To save money I realized it would be cheaper to find the ingredients and make it myself so I bought this powder . This is not yogurt powder ! This is yogurt creamer , BIG DIFFERENCE ! Tastes nothing like the drink I 'm use to . The powder itself barely tastes sweet . Imagine buying creamer and adding it to black tea that is what you will get , gross . This creamer is not sweet nor does it taste like yogurt or at least the fake boba yogurt flavor that most Asians are familiar with . If you want to make real yogurt black tea or green tea boba drink then buy the syrup and not the powder . Trust me you will thank me!I think this powder is used for making yogurt milk tea or the yogurt ice blended drink but you have to add the yogurt syrup , sold separately .
 While the overall flavor of these cookies is OK ... the texture is too crumbly and - somehow - they manage to be dry even though slightly moist at the same time . Also , there are only NINE cookies per box .
 These cookies are not of the quality I have come to expect with Pamela 's Products . In addition , there are only 9 cookies per box.I regularly use the bread and flour packages that Pamela 's Products produces and highly recommend them . These cookies fall short of quality.If you need to be gluten free , and in desperate need of a cookie only then would I recommend these .
 Pamela 's products are usually very good . These cookies , however , are not . They were horrible - bad texture , bad taste . YUCK !!!
 The cookies are inedible . I was shocked after all the high reviews . The consistency is nothing like shortbread , or any other cookie for that matter .
 I purchased these because the &#34; Simplebites &#34; are just great ! I 'm sorry to say that these cookies were so soft , there was little taste .
 I much prefer Cafe Pilon or Cafe Bustelo to this coffee . Both have a richer flavor and are finer ground . I decided to give this a try because it was on Amazon Prime , but will switch back to one of the others after I finish using up this batch .
 I bought this coffee at a local international store . The first thing you notice about this coffee is that it lacks any aroma . It has a very earthy scent , like perhaps they actully used a some local soil as filler . I assume that if it does contain locally blended soils that some mineral compositon may acutally have some benfit from my health . Needless to say , this stuff maybe better suited for gardening than drinking .
 I bought three times this coffee , and always taste different . I believe they do n't maintain the same blend . I think is really bad coffee quality and cheap . do n't buy it
 I normally do not write reviews for items purchased on line , but felt compelled to write one for Cafe Caribe . I read all the reviews before purchasing this item , but dismissed the negative reviews as unrealistic . One reviewer mentioned the flavor is akin to the smell of an ashtray ; I know now this is not an exaggeration . The coffee bricks arrived promptly & well-packaged , but that was the only positive aspect.Cutting the brick open , there is no pleasant fragrance familiar with opening other coffee cans or bricks from Bustelo , Pilon , Lavazza , Estrella , or Gevalia . Even Folgers coffee smells better by comparison . Cafe Caribe has an unmistakable cigarette smoke smell to it . The roast is medium , not dark ; the grind is coarse and very uneven.Bottom line , Cafe Caribe is cheap very difficult to drink even when masked with strong flavors and milk or cream . It might best put to use in seasoning new Moka pots then fertilizing the rose bushes . My advice is to save your money and spend it on Bustelo if you like Cuban coffee.Cafe Caribe Dark Roast Espresso Coffee , 10-Ounce Bricks -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB-
 Cafe Caribe is lacking the good rich taste of Cafe Pilon.It seems that Caribe is using inferior beans.Its the difference between a good bottle of wine and an inferior one . NO I would not buy it again.I tried to give my 4 bags away , but none of my friends like it . Pilon is far superior , but that is my opinion .
 This is a coarse ground coffee , more suitable for regular American coffee makers and not espresso machines . The taste is okay , but very little crema forms on top . Disappointed .
 I usually buy a slightly more expensive coffee -- thought I 'd save a few pennies -- how bad could it be , right ? This is a little like licking the bottom of a public ashtray . Okay , not quite that bad , but I 'd much prefer the cheapest canned coffee at Walmart . Cheap beans , weakly roasted .
 My son purchased this product for me with his Amazon Prime , which allowed him super quick shipping . It came today , nice and fresh . It is horrible . It is made with dried potatoes instead of fresh , vegetable shortening instead of butter and sorbic acid as a preservative . I took a bite and spit it out right away . If you 've ever had the real deal , homemade , this is NOT it . I told my son to contact Amazon and get his money back.No matter how bad a cook you are , you could not mess up a recipe of this , so I suggest you go out and purchase a cookbook with a recipe for lefse in it . Oh god , this is awful !
 This stuff is horrid ! I would give it minus 5 stars if I could . It does n't even taste like lefse so I 'm surprised it has been around for so long . My mom warned me not to get it , but I was craving it so bad and did n't have any homemade in my freezer . What a mistake , I should have trusted my mom . Please do n't buy this , you will just end up throwing it away . It is well worth the time to make your own . Your taste buds will thank you .
 This lefse ' is n't even worth one star , but that was the lowest Amazon would let me go . There is no flavor to it what-so-ever . You ca n't taste the potatoes or the butter , all you taste is flour and it 's very dry . It used to be better years ago when it slightly resembled the taste of potatoes , but as it is with many items , they must have found ways to save a buck at the expense of the quality & flavor . Do n't waste your money ! You 're better off investing in the equipment to make your own , or finding a website that sells an authentic `` home-made '' variety . I grew up in a Scandinavian household that made traditional lefse ' for family gatherings , trust me when I say Mrs Olson 's is absolutely horrible .
 Agree with several other reviewers , it 's just not good . I do n't know if I 'm tasting preservatives or the packaging , but it definitely tastes artificial . Sorry , I really wanted it to be good .
 I love this stuff but , I recieved it with only two months before it expires . The expiration date is in two months . This is the only negative thing about this product .
 Why in gods name are they selling stale food from this place . The expiration date is for dec 09 but yet there stale . The people that make these maybe changed the dates so they could sell them ? The other reviewer also mentioned they came stale . I am upset i paid $ 18 for a bunch of stale food i had to toss . Thanks amazon ...
 willcontinue to purchase from , but this order was stale . first time in years it has happened .
 Took awhile to narrow down this as being the cause of the dizzy spells , but it 's now been pinned down for sure . I doubt it has anything to do with the brand , I just stopped taking Brewer 's Yeast supplements altogether and since the health claims for the item are not exactly rock solid I just decided not to mess with it anymore .
 I am sorry to say , I hate purchasing OUT OF DATE products . Especially when it comes from a FRESH CHIP . Sorry , but the chips were so stale , I threw all the bags out to the garbage . THEY SUCKED . Now , do n't ask me to write something nice and lie about it . Sorry . DISSATISFIED CUSTOMER
 Got these from a vending machine and did n't like the taste . They use MSG , corn syrup , corn starch etc. . Stay away from this stuff .
 I hate to spoil all these 5stars ratings for this product , but I did not like these chips at all . My reason for buying these in the first place , without tasting them first , were the 5star ratings . I felt the chips were not crunchy enough , it did not have a cheesy flavor , it taste too much of garlic and bellpeppers.I even tasted a cucumber flavor . it has like a vegetable garden flavor to it . I gave all eleven bags away . I would have spent my money better , if I had purchase Doritos instead .
 The ingredients say Green Tea Matcha powder . There is no mention of sugar in the contents . This is a product that contains sugar . NOT GOOD FOR DIABETICS or people who can not have sugar . Also the color is not bright green but more of an olive/tan color . This product description is very misleading . I will return to the 100 % organic Green Tea Matcha powder from Eden Foods which I have purchased in the past and was extremely happy . BUYERS BEWARE !
 Originally got a full size bag of these at SAMS and they were very good . Unfortunately , these individual pkgs are not up to the same freshness . Taste stale and much harder . Look for something else .
 Much less zesty ... may have lost its zip as it ages . Need to find new replacement , it 's just not the same Viva .
 These tortilla chips were , unfortunately , very stale even though the expiration date is a few months away . Also , they have a really strange off taste . I opened a second bag to make sure . And I 'm not a fussy or picky eater . But these chips are really bad.This is one place where Amazon 's return policy -LRB- no returns on grocery items -RRB- falls short as compared to bricks and mortar stores . I hate to throw them out but do n't think I 'd be doing anyone a favor by giving them away and think even the sea gulls may not digest these very well.Oh , well , I ordered these because my favorites were temporarily out of stock . Should have waited .
 We actually ordered the Chile Limon Corn STICKS from another listing on Amazon and incorrectly received SIXTY single serving bags of these Chile Limon Corn CHIPS . The picture corresponding with the other item description was incorrect so that 's how the mix-up occurred . Amazon did refund the full amount since it was their error.These chips are similar to Fritos but they are very , very salty with an overbearing lime flavor . I like salt and lime but these are way too powerful . None of my family or friends liked them either so we ended up giving them to our chickens who enjoyed them thoroughly . ; -RRB-
 This product info is b.s. . There was no increased energy , and the taste was bland . After two or three try 's , I realized it was the culprit for severe indigestion and it gave me the runs for days . Useless , expensive , and misleading .
 $ 38 devided by 5 pounds is over $ 7 a pound of candy . Are you serious ? These Sunkist candies can be found at any grocery store that has a bulk asile . I just bout a pound for $ 2.97 a pound . Had I bought 5 pounds I would have spent $ 14.85 . So why would you pay close to $ 40 on Amazon ? Crazy to me .
 I was very disappointed in the taste of these cookies . They seemed dry and did not taste as yummy as I thought they should .
 I love mocha , cappuccino , coffee , chocolate and everything that I think went into making these cookies - but was dissatisfied with these cookies . They were dry and just a bit chalky - that 's the best word I can think of to describe the texture and mouthfeel . If you want to try Erin Baker 's breakfast cookies , go for the Chocolate Chunk , Double Chocolate , or Oatmeal Raisin -LRB- or the peanut butter minis ! -RRB- .
 I was trying to increase my consumption of coconut products without increasing my intake of sugar.Unfortunately this pina colada mixer has ~ 22 grams of sugar -LRB- sorry I do n't have itin front of me , but it was way over what I allow in a day -RRB- , so I wo n't be buying itagain !
 I am on a strict gluten-free diet as I have gluten sensitivity . I started using this product , assuming it was gluten-free , as it is naturally and does n't have any added ingredients . Well , after continually having problems when eating my baked goods and researching all of my products , I found my answer . This manufacturer produces many flours and they make it clear on their website that this product is not intended to be sold as gluten-free . Their statement is as follows : `` Celiacs and those with a wheat intolerance on special diets can find rice flour , tapioca flour and even sweet potato flour which has been produced in dedicated , gluten free mills to prevent cross contamination . '' -LSB- ... -RSB- Any other products from this company are at risk of cross-contamination . So , I should have done my research , but I did n't understand the need to . The lesson here is that a product can not be accepted as gluten-free unless labeled as such . This product is not so labeled and it caused me multiple repeated health problems . I hope this will save someone else from the same issues .
 Why are other cooked almond meal products labeled as such , but this is not ? I did not want cooked almonds . I wanted raw meal ! This has been blanched . Beware , the living essence of this product has been killed off by heat .
 I bought this almound flour since my other source was currently unavailable . I recieved it and made my usual fruit cake . My cake was just horrid tasting . I tried to force myself to eat it because I dont want to waste food but just could n't . The product I recieved I noticed tonight was almound meal and not almond flour like in the picture . The two shouldnt taste difference so I doubt that is the reason . I tested to smell also with the leftover flour from my other supplier and the two are completely different . Its like comparing old gasoline smell with fresh gasoline . That how the two were different . I could be just one of the unlucky few to recieve out of date flour but I thought it would be good just for a heads up for future customers .
 I love Honey Nut Cheerios cereal but I ca n't stand the cereal bar variation . Its just not the same . The milk does not taste like real milk . The excessive sugar makes everything way too sweet . The product is nothing like the one shown in the box art , too . Its much less appealing .
 They were stale . They are not returnable . For a halvah lover , this was a blow indeed ...
 came in good time . but the bars were stale . Very disappointing , considering how expencive they are !!!
 I was extremely disappointed on receipt of this item . It came very poorly packaged and therefore arrived in a very unappealing way . All of the nice decorations had fallen off and were crumbled . The whole idea of the cake , was to be delicious and decorative for the holidays . It could not be served in the condition in which it was received , unfortunately.On the other side of the coin however , the vendor did replace the item with another product of the same value , so I appreciated that .
 Bought these one day thinking I was getting a quick substitute for milk and cereal since I 'm constantly on the run in the mornings and do n't have time to have a proper breakfast . Was I wrong . These bars the warp the original taste of the cereal and it comes out extremely stale and nasty . Even the Cinnamon Toast Crunch which has a distinct sweet tasting flavor was just unpleasant to taste . The creamy `` milk '' portion of the bar also is unnecessary . The texture is also very rugged , sharp edged , and rough . You can accidentally cut the inside of you 're mouth if not extra careful . Plain Rice Krispies treats or any Quaker Oats granola bar on the market are much better substitutes .
 I thought this would be a good variety for the normal granola bar in the morning . They are way too sweet and what is with the fake milk strip through the center of the bar ? I like all the cereals -LRB- as cereal -RRB- but these bars have a lot to be desired ! :-LRB- Very disappointed .
 I have four kids ranging from 2-10 yrs old . Nobody wanted any of these bars . Only the ten-yr old would eat the cocoa ones occasionally . They were all pretty gross tasting . I 'm not sure who would find these appealing . I tried to keep them in the car or with me at soccer games but even when they were hungry , they didnt want to eat them . These are junk food .
 Ca n't get past the bad taste , Passionflower tea does work for helping you relax and sleep , but this particular brand has such a bad taste , it makes it impossible to drink . You may try mixing it with something else
 I ordered a different product . When I ordered it the picture was shown . It was in a green package , a single roasted almond crunch bar ... it even had a different name from the product I received by mail . I did not return the bars as I did not want to pay for shipping again .
 UNFORTUNATELY , I 'M UNABLE TO RATE THIS ITEM BECAUSE I HAVE NOT RECEIVED THIS ITEM YET.R / ALVIN BLUE JR
 I love toasted sesame oil in so many ways -- I use it in hummus instead of tahini , love to drizzle over stir fry , add it to salad dressings , peanut sauce , put a touch of it on hot veggies . So of course , I was excited to get a large quantity at a great price like this , but ... oh my word.This has a somewhat off taste , and not a taste of rancidity , either - I can identify that . To me it seems more like a chemical aftertaste . Not pleasant , and definitely not worthy of the name `` Ambrosia '' Will not buy this brand again .
 What a spectacular decline in product quality ! I have been making these seasonal Wilton gingerbread houses for 8 years and the Halloween kit is normally my favorite . However , this year the kit was so terrible I may not finish it . I have remixed the frosting 3 times , and resorted to hand-rolling frosting snakes to assemble the house . I attempted using my own frosting bags and tips for the decorative work and still do n`t have a working consistency to make decent lines . By contrast , other years I have followed the directions with perfect results the first time each time . Nothing else has changed-I used the same mixer , had the same weather conditions , etc. . This frosting is terrible this year!The house is pre-baked but no longer pre-assembled , it is much skinnier once assembled than other years , and there is only one frosting ghost . The recent addition of green frosting is fun , er , would be fun , but I do not have the heart to even mix it after such dismal results with the orange and black frosting.By the way , whose bright idea was it at Wilton to include a packet of black food coloring instead of a packet of powdered black frosting ? The frosting does turn out black using their method , but my fingers are a mess and I narrowly avoided staining my countertops with a drip . And why must I cut my own piece of cardboard for the base ? Would it be so hard to include a pre-cut piece of cardboard ? I used the greasy piece it came on instead of the cardboard they suggested to avoid the jagged edge I would have created using scissors to cut it myself.The amount of candy this year seams pretty paltry , too . I have a few leftover candies from years past I will use to supplement , although I have no way of comparing the actual number of pieces of decorative candy this year with other years . I am in such a foul mood over this kit it is hard to accurately judge.The sources of frustration with this kit are endless.Go buy some fun foam ` gingerbread ` house kits and a bag of candy and save yourself the torture of dealing with this terrible edition of the normally good kit . I am so sad that one of my favorite holiday activities has turned me into a raving lunatic.The verdict is still out as to whether or not I will finish it or chuck it .
 I should have read the ingredients more carefully instead of just the few reviews . Fresh garlic is great . Garlic powder is insidious . You keep expelling it for days . And that 's what this has , alas .
 This tastes like horrible cough syrup . It is nothing like cherry cola . I tried using it several ways and it is just awful .
 There really needs to be information on these sorts of products on the amount contained in the jar . Many people like to know how much per ounce they are buying .
 I love tahini and regularly use it in several recipes . I usually buy Joyva tahini in the grocery store , but I prefer Amazon 's lower prices . I recently ordered this brand based on the positive review . However , I find it unusually bitter , strong enough that it makes whatever I put it in bitter also , and I 've had to toss out the food . It might be a matter of personal taste , but I have n't had bitter tahini before . I am disappointed with this purchase and wished I would have spent the few extra dollars for the Joyva tahini .
 It tastes ok , but the hidden `` trivial amounts '' of trans fat , meaning less than 1 gram , adds up quickly . The package admits
 This is so easy to make - add a little water , stir , put in the microwave , and you 're good to go . It 's very high fat though , and the taste is n't as good as baked items . We tend to put a lot of ice cream or whipped cream on it to help the taste , but that just adds to the fat content . I 'd encourage anyone to try a single box from their grocery store before being this large package to make sure you like it .
 I 'd keep these on hand for emergency food prep only , the exact situation we faced -LRB- snowed in , could n't get to store -RRB- . Luckily , we still had power during the snowstorm so we made the product as instructed.One tip here
 I read an encouraging review so went for it . Others may appreciate it ; I did not.For it would not work in my salt mill . I would turn the mill several times , yet but little salt would come out.I needed larger crystals .
 because of the shape of the crystals makes it is difficult to get a even spread . Some parts of your steak are saltier than others . It does have a nice crunch but the taste is not so special , to my buds anyway . I prefer French Grey Salt for taste and since it is a fine grain it can be ` applied ' evenly . Not to mention the price 17 bucks for 5 lbs delivered .
 I bought 3 different flavors as I 'm gluten free and they seemed safe . The PB & J was the best although it 's kind of expensive when you are getting mostly peanuts but tasted pretty darned good . The Almonds w/Cranberries is pretty good too ! The Barbeque I did n't like AT ALL , they taste strictly like Chipotle , you can not taste any Ranch , or Barbeque taste .
 The overload of sesame seeds ruined the taste for me . The nuts were chewy instead of crispy and it was mostly nuts , not many cranberries . Thankfully it was n't too sweet but the texture with the sesame seeds and `` chewy '' nuts ruined it for me . They may have been stale but the lack of a expiration date made that unclear so I trust Amazon would n't send me expired goods although they have before .
 If you like it hot , this is te snack for you . It has great content but it was too peppery for me .
 I got this product as part of a six-flavor package . It turned out to be the only Sahale product that I have tried that is bad . Worse than bad . Terrible . Disgusting . How did this stuff get past the corpoate taste tests ? It is even worse than Emerald brand dry roasted almonds , which are awful because of the garlic and onion added . I love plain salted roasted almonds , and thought Sahale could find a way to make them even better tasting . Not this time .
 I bought these several days ago from our local supermarket and was very disappointed . The nuts were chewy and slightly soft . . is this normal and yes they were months from expiration . Yuck at the softness , however . Then there was a strange texture of hard , little bumps on this softened nut . . another yuck . The taste of the flavors blended was n't my thing either . . all wrong in my opinion . I gave it a two because it was edible but will never repurchase .
 I ordered some of these and some pbj sahale snacks . The PBJ is great ! This product though it honestly tastes like vomit or something of similar taste enjoy if you like that taste !
 I was planning to buy Mr 's May 's Almonds and Cashews but they were out of stock at amazon so I decided to buy Sahale 's Sing Buri and Soledad . Did not like the taste of either of them . Highly Disappointed . Will wait for Mr 's May 's to be back in stock .
 I really like several of the Sahale products , my favorite being the Valdosta blend -LRB- almond/cranberries -RRB- . This one , however , is not going to be one I 'll buy again . Given all the five-star reviews , I was expecting these to taste MUCH better than they do . While not too sweet , the strong vanilla flavor overwhelms the flavor of the cashews , pomegranate , and apple . I love vanilla , but there 's just too much in the blend for me . I bought the pack of six and wish I had bought one pack to try , instead .
 Sorry , but I really thought these were awful . My husband did n't like them either and he 's really into natural foods . It was n't the spice & sweet mixture that we did n't like - it just did n't taste good at all . One bag we got was very stale but the others seemed fine . I ended up selling them on ebay !
 I was planning to buy Mr 's May 's Almonds and Cashews but they were out of stock at amazon so I decided to buy Sahale 's Sing Buri and Soledad . Did not like the taste of either of them . Highly Disappointed . Will wait for Mr 's May 's to be back in stock .
 I tried these after enjoying the Valdosta and Ksar blends -LRB- which , I realize , are not glazed -RRB- - but to me , the combination of vanilla and cashews renders them both bland . Also , the pomegranate is a little thin on the ground .
 Looks good but this is too salty . They can reduce salt without making it less tasty . Hope they make this change .
 Even though the pack says `` Whole Cashews '' , inside the box are mostly halves , pieces and crushed cashews.The pack says they are good until 10/2008 ; still there is such a severe smell of oldness we are having to throw the whole case .
 This is not the same Knorr chicken noodle soup that I used to buy in the grocery store . Instead , the noodles in this soup are round and shaped like short pieces of spaghetti . The noodles are toasted , which gives them a texture identical to whole wheat noodles . The broth is somewhat tangy and if you like whole wheat noodles you will like this product , but if you do n't , do not buy this product . I would have appreciated the inclusion of `` toasted noodles '' on the product description because I would not have purchased this product if I had this information .
 I was picturing an effervescent explosion of sweet cola flavor in my mouth . I love the taste of Coke , but I do n't drink caffeinated beverages or sugared sodas anymore . So I thought this might be a pleasant way to get that delicious cola flavor every once in a great while.What I got was a flat little jolt of sugar and a sour cola taste . Also , for whatever reason , this candy scratched the roof of my mouth . It has a very unpleasant texture . I do n't know what I was thinking when I ordered it . I stumbled across it and thought , `` hey , that looks tasty '' . I was wrong . : -LRB-
 It took me almost fifteen days to get the candies.It tasted not like the soda candies I had before.The deadline is only two months in the future .
 I LOVE gummy colas , and I enjoy pop rocks well enough . So when I saw the rave reviews for this cola-flavored candy I thought I HAVE TO TRY THIS !!! Alas , they were only okay . They tasted fine , like hard gummy colas . The faint fizziness was interesting . But NOT worth eight bucks , nuh-uh . Especially after sucking on two of them in a row caused the roof of my mouth to get sore . Next time I want a candy cola flavor , I will go round up some of my gummies . : -LRB-
 i love honey roasted peanuts , but the honey roasted i thought i was buying is the sugar coated nuts.these are candy or toffey coated nut honey roasted.i 'm not sure why they are called honey roasted.i did ` nt get what thought i was getting .
 I can see the appeal of these honey roasted peanuts since they have 3x the salt and sugar of other brands , but for me the salty-sweetness was excessive , leaving a burning sensation in my throat . These peanuts contain almost 30 % sugar by weight , and the sugar and corn syrup annihilate the honey flavor that I appreciate in other brands . I also found several small and one large chunk of peanutless coating in my container , forcing me to watch out lest I end up with a mouthful of sugar . While these might be a replacement for a candy bar , the low peanut content -LRB- only 3.2 oz -RRB- makes them expensive , and the chunks of coating make them defective.A two-star product
 It calls for microwaving it , but you better not microwave the meat or it comes out nasty-tough and chewy on the edges and frozen on the inside .
 The almonds are slightly seasoned with a ` barbecue ' kind of flavoring , which is subtle but nice . The cashews , on the other hand , are hard to believe . The taste conjures up images for me of them being stored in semi-pervious containers in the paint-and-finishing room of my high school industrial arts class . They are REALLY awful , and any lover of cashews will be appalled .
 After opening the box and one of the inner containers , I realized that despite the carton being labeled as almonds and cashew halves , the inner containers were an assortment of peanuts -LRB- dry-roasted , cocktail and honey-roasted -RRB- . Amazon did give me a partial credit -LRB- since I had already opened one of the containers -RRB- , but I wound up paying for a lot of peanuts I did n't really want .
 I grew up with Maggi in our household as my parents were from Germany and always had a way of getting the good old `` Maggi Gew&uuml;rz '' shipped to us and keeping stock in our kitchen . The original seasoning is great , but this one is a little different -LRB- trust me I know -RRB- , it is made in Mexico and for a fact the ingredients are a little different , there are more preservatives in this one than the original , thus the taste is NOT quite the same .
 The nuts were stale and inedible . I contacted Diamond Nuts by e-mail and was told that they were sorry but I should contact Amazon . Since the manufacture does n't back its product the last thing I needed was to be shipped another dozen packages of stale walnuts . I highly advise against any Diamond Products .
 I was extremely disappointed on receipt of this item . It came very poorly packaged and therefore arrived in a very unappealing way . All of the nice decorations had fallen off and were crumbled . The whole idea of the cake , was to be delicious and decorative for the holidays . It could not be served in the condition in which it was received , unfortunately.On the other side of the coin however , the vendor did replace the item with another product of the same value , so I appreciated that .
 I was extremely disappointed on receipt of this item . It came very poorly packaged and therefore arrived in a very unappealing way . All of the nice decorations had fallen off and were crumbled . The whole idea of the cake , was to be delicious and decorative for the holidays . It could not be served in the condition in which it was received , unfortunately.On the other side of the coin however , the vendor did replace the item with another product of the same value , so I appreciated that .
 I bought this to go with a cheese sampler for a party . It was inedible .
 Being a long time consumer of Lavazza Creama E Gusto which I find most enjoyable , I thought I 'd give Super Creama a try.Very disapointing on flavor and fullness . For a latte I find it necessary to double the quantity in the basket and cut the milk by 80-90 % so instead of a 10 ozdouble , it 's a single shot expresso with a dash of milk . The bean is a medium brown in color that is reflected in it 's charater . Back to `` Creama E Gusto ''
 Disappointing taste , disappointing response by seller . Opened the 2-lb . bag of beans , and there was no aroma . Made my cappuccino & my husband 's black espresso
 I ordered a bag of this coffee , because based upon previous reviews it seemed to be a well priced , flavorful dark coffee . When I received the coffee , there was a large rip in the bag . For those who understand coffee , this is a major problem as it it allows air in , which beings to sour/ruin the coffee . I contacted Amazon , and they sent a replacement . It too had a whole in the bag , which made the vacuum seal ineffective . I no longer wanted to try and find out whether the problem was with Amazon in the shipping , or the company who produced it . The coffee looked and felt like it has been sitting in a warehouse for a long time -LRB- few months -RRB- the beans had no nice oily texture , as you typically would expect from a fresh roast of Espresso beans , rather it had a dull look and did not feel very oily.I would strongly encourage people to find a different brand .
 ... but it would be desecration to put this gunk on any decent pasta , let alone Rustichella 's . Jarred pesto is to freshly-made pesto as instant coffee is to freshly-brewed mocha-java from Peet 's . I 've been silly enough to try various brands of pesto in jars , and none of them would glean more than two stars . The frozen brands are marginally better , but the only justification for store-shelf pesto is the unavailability of fresh basil , Even then , you 'd do better to make a pesto recipe with any soft herb you have
 Too much of the white pith on this orange peel making the product overly bitter and diluting the real good taste of the orange zest .
 Too much of the white pith on this orange peel making the product overly bitter and diluting the real good taste of the orange zest .
 Pretty mediocre , not worth the money.Flavor is dull , and not sharp.Imagine marmalade with no orange preserves in it.Bland flavour ...
 I really hate to hammer this syrup , but my wife just wo n't drink it . She is very fond of the Starbuck 's gingerbread when it 's in season . When she was n't able to purcahse that , I ordered this . Me ... I do n't drink lattes ' , however our company has had no problems with it . So , if you are hung up on Starbuck 's , you may be dissappointed .
 Leyden cheese is one of Holland 's main cheeses . It has a delicious characteristic flavor which comes from Cumin seeds . This cheese is spiced with Caraway seeds , a completely different flavor . This is not genuine Leyden cheese . If you really want genuine Leyden , purchase the Farmhouse Leyden or regular Leyden through Igourmet .
 This is a collection of 6 `` hot '' sauces that only cost about $ 1 - $ 2 individually . After adding shipping , you 're paying at least 50 % extra . You can get 4 of these at Food Lion
 not for the `` hot sauce lover '' . high price for sauces that cost less than a buck 50 on average . i am a hot sauce lover and if received this as a gift i would probably put them in the trash or re gift it to somebody that hates good hot sauce .
 Dr Kracker makes an excellent product ; unfortunately Amazon delivers either the wrong product or one at or near the expiration date almost every time . Sorry Amazon ; although your price point is good ; I 'll spend more at the store and get fresh products and the correct items from now on . Disappointed in Monterey .
 This kracker had me hooked when i first started buying them , but they have really gone downhill . There were practically no pumpkin seeds or cheese on this last batch . They also tasted a little flat - seemed to get stale a lot quicker than they should have . I was a faithful customer , but will no longer buy this product . They 're too expensive to get a box of stale , dry , cardboard .
 I was really disappointed with the flavor , or lack thereof , and the extremely hard texture was like eating concrete . I was expecting a gourmet experience , but this looked like it did on the box and tasted like it too . Would not recommend .
 I can only assume someone enjoyed all 6 boxes . The carton was left outside my private office door by the delivery man after a colleague signed for it in our executive suite . When I returned from lunch my colleague told me I had a delivery , but the carton was gone . First time that has occurred with any delivery in the nine years I 've been here.I guess we will have to try it again !
 It is undoubtedly a matter of taste , but I really wanted to enjoy the Dr. Kracker 's Seedlander variety which are absolutely AWESOME -LRB- 5-STAR -RRB- ... but they were not availabe ... and so the Seeded Spelt were ordered . Big Mistake
 Okay , yes , I know the brand is Dr. Kracker and maybe that should have been a clue as to the texture of this product . However , I have had flatbreads made by other companies that were actually the texture of a pita . These are VERY crunchy and do n't have a whole lot of flavor . Additionally , they were shipped and arrived expired . If you are shopping for a super-healthy cracker , this may be it . If you are looking for a whole grain flatbread with the texture of a pita , keep shopping - this is not it . My next venture for this product is to grind it up and use as bread crumbs on top of broiled tilapia .
 Basically tasteless -LRB- even the dog did n't like them ! -RRB- . Took FOREVER to arrive . Amazon is not ready to handle food .
 This product should be described clearly at the front of the package -LRB- not the inside after it is revealed -RRB- that it contains partially hydrogenated oil . Also , I feel that it should not be in the `` organic & natural '' section of Amazon 's grocery .
 ' A creamy cheese with a semisoft texture that contains small holes . Havarti is Danish in origin and has a mild flavor that sharpens with age . It is popular as a dessert cheese served with fruit and wine '
 I bought this brand because of all of the glowing reviews here , and I 'm not happy about that decision . I wanted a light brown -LRB- not dark , like chocolate -RRB- frosting for my son 's birthday cake . I did n't want to make it chocolate , and , as I said , I did n't want it very dark anyway . So , I bought the Warm Brown.I did a test run of his cake today . I made my frosting and added in a couple of drops of the paste . It was basically pink . Well , brownish-pink , but way too pink . I thought that maybe I needed more to get closer to the color on the sticker that is on the cap . So , I added some more . Still too pink . So I added still more . By the time I had finished , it was slightly more brown , but still had way too much of a pink undertone for what I was looking for . And it really was n't close to the colored sticker on the bottle.I 'm pretty disappointed . Perhaps it is just this brown color that is the problem and that the others are great . But , the Wilton colors I have so far have met my expectations much better than this . I am glad that I did a trial run on the birthday cake . I think that I will have to go for chocolate frosting after all , using cocoa to get the color I want .
 This will certainly change the color of your food , but when used in a straightforward butter-cream mix in sparing quantity , it bubbled a nasty looking oily brown residue to the surface of the cream and the residue just sat there looking nasty . Will never use this product again .
 I ordered this on December 26th . It is now January 8th , it should have been here yesterday . I 'm not understanding why it takes so long to ship from South Carolina to Pennsylvania . I ordered this to make my daughters elmo cake for her 2nd birthday , it 's not going to make it on time . I love amazon , but I will never order from this seller again .
 the gel is really annoying i should have got the liquid one because this one takes too long to blend into the food , it eventually does thought it it does work but doesnt blend perfectly
 I love AmeriColor , but instead of receiving the soft gel paste in brown I received AmeriColor Airbrush food color in brown . Not the same thing .
 Not bargain priced , but definitely a bargain at the price ! This is a first-rate parmigiano ! Excellent with sliced fruit and even grated as a topping for pasta !
 I have purchased these and enjoyed them from local convenience stores in the past so figured saving a few bucks and buying in bulk would be a good idea . Well , the first box I got the cheese was discolored -LRB- kind of yellow-grey -RRB- and crumbly . I contacted Amazon who promptly sent me a replacement but the same problem was also found on the new shipment . They had not yet passed the sell by date , but it was only about 45 days away . Hard to tell if the problem happened right from production , in storage at Amazon warehouse , or during shipping . I may try again in the future if current reviews show success however be careful with this product by mail .
 Buyer Beware Please ! This sweetener is not for everybody . Maltitol is an alcohol sugar and can be undigestible in the body . You will know a short time after consuming it if you are one of the unsuspecting many who can not digest it by the extreme intestinal bloating and cramping and massive amounts of gas a person can experience . Nausea , diarrhea & headaches can also be experienced . I learned my lesson the hard way years ago when I fell in love with the sugar-free chocolates suzanne sommers used to sell . I thought I 'd found sugar-free chocolate nirvana at first taste but the bliss was short lived when the terrible side effects of maltitol kicked in . The discomfort was unlike anything I had ever felt before . I blew up like a balloon and had very painful abdominal cramping . As the symptoms passed , this too was very unpleasant . Though hard for me to believe a low calorie sweetener could be the culprit , all symptoms were gone when I stopped eating the chocolate . My hunch it had something to do with the maltitol were unfortunately confirmed for me about a year later when I purchased some delicious sugar-free popcorn at my local market . The taste was amazing and while I was looking at the label wondering what could possibly make this yummy , new sugarfree treat taste so good , my heart sank when I followed the little asterisk next to sugarfree sweetener * down to the very bottom of the label and read `` maltitol '' in tiny little letters ! Thank goodness I 'd eaten only a little . I still ended up with all the same side-effects but for a much shorter duration . Some people can use maltitol to their heart 's content but others , like me , can have a bad reaction to it . In case you 're like me , ... it 's not you ... it 's the maltitol !
 This product was awful . The bars have a grainy hard texture . I thought maybe they were old , but they do n't expire for a couple years . Maybe they have been stored improperly ? I do n't know how anyone could like these . I much prefer Yamate sugar free chocolate bars . I am not affiliated in any way with Yamate - just a fan . I 'll go back to order their bars .
 the bars are quite small but also if you eat a ful one there is just too much moltitol and you will need to head quickly to the bathroom .
 I do n't have to lose weight . However , I am fighting chronic candidiasis and I have to stay away from sugar , all refined carbs and dairy products . When I found these chocolate bars , -LRB- which taste great to me ! -RRB- I wrongly believed I had finally found the chocolates that would n't feed my Candida . I was wrong because Maltitol does feed Candida . I found out that XYLITOL is the ** only ** sweetener that does not feed the yeast . Fortunately , I managed to find delicious dark chocolate bars sweetened with Xylitol on the Internet and I am going to stick to those . Being that Xylitol is so healthy , why is n't it used on more products ? Unfortunately , many of us already know the answer . : -LRB-
 I bought this for my husband to take in his lunch , he loves split pea soup . He said this is the worst soup he 's ever had , it was just awful . Not recommended at all .
 These guys make very healthy stuff , but this soup is just awful . Had I been able to , I would have given it zero stars . I 'm not sure what benefit there is to having 35 % more of something you ca n't gag down . I had one cup . The others will sit in my pantry until the next famine . Try the Nile spice soups . Tastier , more for your money and good nutrition .
 Too much of a sweet flavor , wish I had gotten the peppered jerky . I hate this and so do most of the people at work .
 My first experience with this tea was nothing less than magical . We had flown over , not slept particularly well in coach , powered through a whirlwind tour of London with a friend , and ending up celebrating Guy Fawkes day . We had not slept in two days , It was one o-clock in the morning in England , and we were wide awake with fireworks still going off . What to do ? The curious little red teabag and some sweet biscuits were in sight . Let 's just have a cup of tea . From opening the bag , the magical fragrance filled them room . The tea itself was nothing short of amazing . Let me emphasize though , THIS IS NOT THAT TEA . If I wanted something akin to lipton , I could have bought 200 bags for $ 3.00 at anywhere in the states . This is what I would imagine would have been swept from the floor and thrown away in England . `` Nah , we 'll put it in bags and send it to the Yanks , they wo n't know any better '' . I am definitely happy I did not order the bulk shipment . The only tea I have seen so far that drinks like a proper english cuppa is Ty-phoo . The box I received just tastes really old , the date on the side is still good for another year , truthfully though , I would be embarrassed to serve this , it 's terrible .
 I love most Jack Links jerky products , however , I was disappointed with this product though it had all the heat - the flavor was lacking true pepper taste . It tasted like a bunch of powdered old HOT spices not a true fresh pepper cure . I think the mistake most people make with hot peppers is not removing the seeds before using , as this can give a bitter as well as hot taste . I have not given up on Jack Links - just ordered their turkey jerky !
 I do not think Slim Jim 's brand of jerky is tasty . No distinct flavors and is not reminiscent of Slim Jim brand snacks , for those that may feel there is a connection . In the world of jerky this one rates rather low . Personal opinion , I do n't have any facts to back up my distaste for the jerky though . This is bargain jerky .
 If I could give this a ZERO I certainly would.You will only receive the product in 2 plastic boxes and NO GLASS BOTTLE as the add specifically states . The seller is a cheat and knows full well you will not get the bottle but he still charges for it . Another seller has 2Grm of Spanish Saffron for $ 6.99 and it is most likely that same as this rip off is selling . Do n't waste your money but get it elsewhere .
 Very disappointed in Taylors Scottish Breakfast - especially now that Harrison & Crosfield is out of business.The malty heartiness of the H&C ; product is so far superior that already , the worldwide loss is being felt and broadcast.I have three H & C Scottish bags left and I 'm saving them for a special occasion.I would pay top dollar for any boxes anyone might have squirreled away.Please contact me if you have info about H & C Hearty Scottish Breakfast tea.Many thanks , NYCwritergirl
 The bottles seal was broken when it arrived . I threw it out and bought a replacement in a local supermarket .
 I was looking forward to receiving this item to experiment on vindaloo curry recipe I had . It arrived on time , but when I opened the box , it was a fluorescent orange mess ! The jar was not sealed right , and the juice from the paste was all over the box . Good thing I was not wearing white skirt . It went straight to the trash , as it is not even worth making an effort to ship it back.I would think that commercial products like this should be sealed tight enough not only for leakage proofing , but also for sanitation/safety purposes . Did I just happen to be unlucky ?
 Do not order from Marshall Creek Spices ... It takes forever to receive the merchandise and then comes with postage due !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Terrible service !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Not very impressed with this product , Kinda tough . . I have had better and have ha WORSE . .
 If you have tried Nestle Cerelac -LRB- Stage 3 - Mixed Veg and Mixed Fruits -RRB- from India , you will be disappointed by this Nestle Cerelac European version . This is becuase the Indian version contains small fragments of fruits and vegetables in the wheat flour suspension . That maks an interesting blend for the baby to eat and try new feeling for the food . But this European Cerelac is just a powdery mix and produces a blend paste like result .
 I ordered this jerky because I wanted to try a new flavor and `` sweet & hot '' sounded pretty tasty . As it turns out the flavor was actually pretty good , but the jerky itself was tough and some pieces were literally inedible because my teeth simply could not bite through it . I 'm no jerky expert so I 'm not sure if this means the jerky was stale or not , but if I ca n't chew it I 'm not ordering it again . If you do n't mind rock hard jerky this product is for you !
 The product itself is good but after ordering it 7 weeks ago we still have not received it .
 This will certainly change the color of your food , but when used in a straightforward butter-cream mix in sparing quantity , it bubbled a nasty looking oily brown residue to the surface of the cream and the residue just sat there looking nasty . Will never use this product again .
 I ordered this on December 26th . It is now January 8th , it should have been here yesterday . I 'm not understanding why it takes so long to ship from South Carolina to Pennsylvania . I ordered this to make my daughters elmo cake for her 2nd birthday , it 's not going to make it on time . I love amazon , but I will never order from this seller again .
 the gel is really annoying i should have got the liquid one because this one takes too long to blend into the food , it eventually does thought it it does work but doesnt blend perfectly
 I bought this brand because of all of the glowing reviews here , and I 'm not happy about that decision . I wanted a light brown -LRB- not dark , like chocolate -RRB- frosting for my son 's birthday cake . I did n't want to make it chocolate , and , as I said , I did n't want it very dark anyway . So , I bought the Warm Brown.I did a test run of his cake today . I made my frosting and added in a couple of drops of the paste . It was basically pink . Well , brownish-pink , but way too pink . I thought that maybe I needed more to get closer to the color on the sticker that is on the cap . So , I added some more . Still too pink . So I added still more . By the time I had finished , it was slightly more brown , but still had way too much of a pink undertone for what I was looking for . And it really was n't close to the colored sticker on the bottle.I 'm pretty disappointed . Perhaps it is just this brown color that is the problem and that the others are great . But , the Wilton colors I have so far have met my expectations much better than this . I am glad that I did a trial run on the birthday cake . I think that I will have to go for chocolate frosting after all , using cocoa to get the color I want .
 I love AmeriColor , but instead of receiving the soft gel paste in brown I received AmeriColor Airbrush food color in brown . Not the same thing .
 This `` Hot Sauce '' takes more like a cheap steak sauce . It was disgusting . So much so I could not finish the sauce , and had to throw it away . If you like heat I would try spontaneous combustion . That is a much better sauce .
 If what I ordered and what I received were actually the same , why did n't the label say Flowering Orange Pekoe Tea ? It did say Darjeeling Tea , Tippy Golden FOP , Camelia sinensis . It did not brew up with the bright Orange color I expected from my days at Standard Brands Tea purchasing facility in NYC . It may have been a case of paying your workers peanuts and getting monkeys as workers . It may have been a substitution . `` Hay Charlie ! We are out of orange pekoe . This turkey will never know the difference . '' It could have been an honest mistake by the printer , or that monkey could have been there and left the Flowering Orange Pekoe off the label to save time and ink . Who knows ?
 It looks like these Krispy Grahams are popular with some people , but I had the opposite experience.I found their appearance , their texture , and -LRB- most importantly -RRB- their actual taste unpleasant . Personally , I prefer plain old Honey Maid Graham Crackers almost any time -LRB- especially for S'mores -RRB- . Honestly , these just taste stale . Is that what spelt is supposed to taste like ? I understand it is a healthy kind of wheat that dates back to the Middle Ages , so could be!And what does the train on the box have to do with anything ? Seems like just a way to get kids to hound their parents to buy it.P.S . Amazon lists two different package sizes -LRB- 6 - and 12-packs -RRB- , however it appears that neither have ever been available for purchase . -LRB- `` Want us to e-mail you when this item becomes available ? '' -RRB- I suggest merging reviews , and possibly removing the listing -LRB- s -RRB- altogether unless one or more sellers actually offers such a product .
 I was very disappointed in this product . I wanted to use them for snacks and pie crusts , but they are too stale to use . They are NOT crunchy as advertised since moisture has definitely entered through the packaging . Unfortunately Amazon will not let me return them , so I 'm out $ 20 . I was going to try some other products by this brand , but now I will not .
 These were very fatty , and just not up to par with the other Jack Links products I 've had . Had two bites of one , and just threw the rest out .
 they arrived on time but dont quite melt as advertised required much stiring and left something of a sludge at the bottom of the cup
 misleading ads - ju , st a nice chocolate candy , not a creamer , does n't do any more than a piece of chocolate .
 I love coffee , I love mochas , I love amaretto.This product however was disgusting !!!
 The bars I received were crumbled on one end & light tan in color , which indicates OLD chocolate . That end of the bar tasted awful . I have seen that a million times & I recognize what it means . The other end of the bars had melted & reset , but still tasted OK & were the correct color for fresh chocolate . A second set was sent to me at no charge , however , the same was true of those . Also appeared that the company was not too happy with my complaint , as the second set arrived in a small , smashed box with a tiny piece of bubble wrap floating around loose in the box & had not been secured to the bars with tape to protect them .
 I bought chocolate through the mail in August in New Mexico . I did n't even think about the fact that it would need to be insulated/refrigerated . When it arrived , it was melted . I do however remember the chocolate bar being delicious the last time I had it ... alas ... not this time .
 Fennel was stale and tasteless . I love fennel and it is supposed to have a mellow but distinct taste . This fennel taste like cardboard .
 they arrived on time but dont quite melt as advertised required much stiring and left something of a sludge at the bottom of the cup
 misleading ads - ju , st a nice chocolate candy , not a creamer , does n't do any more than a piece of chocolate .
 I love coffee , I love mochas , I love amaretto.This product however was disgusting !!!
 You get what you pay for.I was excited to find these almonds at what I considered a low price that I attributed to the larger 4lb . bulk size . The flavor was not at all what I have found in slightly more expensive nuts . I will not go cheap again . They almost tasted pre-roasted . Must not have been very fresh . Will not order again !!
 I love raw almonds and I liked the price of these almonds.However , the bag I received did not taste good at all , and the texture was off , a bit mealy . There was no fresh almond nut flavor , either raw or roasted in the oven . The almonds had an aged quality to them , not spoiled , but not fresh , either.More than 85 % of the bag is left , and I wo n't be eating them or using them as an ingredient .
 I purchase almonds each month and every time I open a fresh pack , the ziploc seal is never closed and sometimes when you open the package , the zip is ripped so that it never closes again . Love the almonds , but the packaging is cheap and does not ensure Almonds stay fresh .
 I eat a lot of almonds . These taste stale and chalky . I will probably just make almond milk out of them to use them up . Bleh . I will not be buying again .
 I buy and eat a lot of almomds . I make almond milk and almond butter . I usually buy almonds from the produce section in Walmart . Walmart almonds are always fresh . Many times Walmart does n't have them in the produce section because they sell out . These almonds are soft and do not taste fresh . The almond butter does n't have a good flavor when I use these.I 'll stick with Walmart and will not be ordering these again .
 I purchased 4 bags of these almonds to make holiday gifts with . I candied them in a few different ways , but some of the nuts did not turn out well and I ended up throwing away 3-4lbs of the total batch because the almonds were really soft , even after roasting them longer than the non-soft almonds.Some of the almonds turned out great . However , at the price I was not happy about having to throw way an entire 4lb package of these because the quality was terrible . I should n't have to constantly sample almonds while preparing them . Next time I will purchase locally to ensure better quality nuts.The price is low , but so is the quality .
 Have ordered unsalted almonds by the pound one time previously , and these were not flavorful like the others . The ones ordered previusly were sweeter , had more nutty flavor , and were slightly more chewy -LRB- not as dry -RRB- . I would think that these are tasteless/flavorless because they have been sitting on a shelf for a long time -LRB- like tea leaves loose their flavor over time -RRB- , but not sure because I do n't have any fresh ones with which to compare them .
 I have only used epazote one previous time and only the leaves of the living plant . In this dried product there ara a lot of tough stems , too many in fact to just throw some in with the cooking beans . Need to wrap the epazote in cheese cloth or similar to contain the stems . I was surprised because Melissa 's usually has a superior product . Perhaps the stems are included because this can also be used as a tea .
 It sucks . I tried to order the seeds and it didnt even get to my house . I was so beyond pissed !!!!!
 Web vitamins is great to do business with . They have super speedy shipping and great customer service.Having said that , I thought the rootbeer flavored stevia was awful.Loved the grape , orange , vanilla and lemon , but not this one or the chocolate .
 was not good with taste , had to use a lot to get the taste . if you want the rootbeer taste not worth the money
 I was really excited to find this product but was disappointed in the results . I used it to sweeten some carbonated soda and the first sip was great . Every sip after that had less and less root beer flavor and more and more of the artificial sweetener/alcohol taste . So now I 'm looking for another root beer extract to try !
 These Sweetleaf `` flavored '' products are only for people who want something really sweet with just the very barest whiff of some flavor -LRB- you probably wo n't even be able to tell which one it is -RRB- . If you 're looking for a product that 's about half sweetness and half flavor , THIS IS N'T IT . I urge you to save your money and look for another solution .
 YUCK ! I 've not had Stevia w/an an aftertaste before trying several of the `` Sweet Leaf '' brands ... tasted more like Sweet-n-Low to me than Stevia .
 Would love to tell you what it actually tasted like but , got chocolate flavor instead of the Root Beer I ordered !
 I 've tried many of the Sweetleaf Stevia liquid flavors and have throughly enjoyed all of them , but the root beer one is one I will never buy again.I love root beer , even diet root beer and this liquid is very weak compared to the other liquids . The other products I can put a half of a dropper into 64 ounces of water and have a perfect taste . The root beer takes two or three times this amount to get any taste in the liquid and it is not a true taste.The english toffe , vanilla creme , chocolate raspberry dark chocolate and cinnamon are all great tasting .
 Ok , I was very excited when I thought I could enjoy the flavor of root beer without calories or worrying about the effects of aspartame ... well I was pretty disappointed in this.It does have a slight root beer flavor , but I wouls highly recommend using a whole dropper -LRB- or more -RRB- to a glass instead of the 6-8 drops suggested.Also I would suggest to the manufacturer to not only enhance the flavor but to also add some natural color to make it APPEAR to LOOK like real root beer.I think this was a great idea but needs to be tweaked more.Also use seltzer water instead of plain water otherwise it will be like drinking flat weak root beer .
 I had high hopes for this - I added it to seltzer water and it tastes every so slightly like root beer ... more like diet root beer . I was hoping to use this as a soda replacement to try to be a bit healthier - but I doubt we 'll even finish this bottle .
 If you think this Cream of Wheat tastes like a Cinnabon , you are only kidding yourself.The cinnamon taste is too concentrated and tastes artificial . I still have three or four packets sitting around.Don ' t say I did n't warn you .
 I am one of the least picky eaters that I know , but I had to throw my bowl out after a few spoons of this . It was disgusting and inedible . I wonder if anyone at these big companies try their products before marketing them . The flavor was heavily artificial with strong off-notes of bitterness and tree bark . Dont believe me ? Go ahead and try it .
 Clearly it 's a matter of personal taste , but to me this is way too sweet and -LRB- as another mentioned -RRB- artificial tasting . It tastes like someone poured cinnamon air freshener into cream of wheat . Blech .
 Super Bubble is my very favorite gum , and very hard to find here . The box I received was a real hit or miss . More than half the gum was brick hard - totally unchewable . I 've never run across this issue with this product and am very disappointed . I will take a chance and buy it again sometime in the future , but this particular purchase left a bad taste in my mouth .
 Did not like it . Very hard , probably old . It was not worth the money spent . Would not buy it again .
 The fern arrived not properly packaged , very small specimen in dry soil , half of the leaves fell offafter first three days . The plant died completely after one month . Interesting plant but buy it somewhere else .
 The plant , which looked gorgeous upon arrival , was soon filled with bugs - bugs that plant insect killer did not kill and that ultimately had to be thrown away . What a waste .
 in store $ 1.70 per carton they are charging 10 time what a store chargesthought I was getting 10 box 13 oz cake received 1 box >> > costing $ 1.70 at wal-mart < < >> they charged me $ 11.00 same single box rip off .
 It 's 110 % sugar and no substance.Do NOT feed this to your kids , and they will thank you for it.It 's just white on white on white , and a couple of zig zags.Did I mention the amount of sugar packed into these nasty things ?!?!?!?! I do n't know HOW I used to EAT these things ... Ugh .1.2 stars .
 Too chunky and did not taste as good as Bama Apple butter ! Iam still looking for the taste BAMA apple butter .
 I really wanted this to be delicious because I am a serious chocoholic but it was not . All I could taste was chemicals . So much so that I was nervous about what exactly I was putting into my body . I almost expected to wake up with w 3rd eye or something . Not Cute ! You 're better off just using a small serving of the real thing cause this went right down the drain .
 Tastes like salty vinegar . Does n't taste anything like chocolate syrup at all . Worst Walden Farms product I 've tried - and that 's really saying something .
 I am used to diet alternatives so my expectations were not high . This is terrible . Save your money
 My husband and I tried this on frozen yogurt . We both decided we would rather eat the yogurt by itself than pour this junk on it . I read in some reviews that they mixed it in a shake , maybe that disguise the artificial flavor .
 These croutons are very bland , almost tasteless . I ca n't tell you how much I regret my purchase.Lets hope the birds find these crotons more palatable than I did.To be as fair as possible - these croutons :1 . -RRB- vary in size between quite small -LRB- which predominates -RRB- and slightly larger . They average about a 1/4 '' square2 . -RRB- show no evidence of being toasted3 . -RRB- have only vague and very mild hints of any flavor yet I can detect no `` off tastes '' either4 . -RRB- This is essentially a white tasteless croton.Crotons can add an important flavor note to any salad . These croutons add nothing to a salad beyond a crunch.AVOID - Not Recommended
 I bought this raspberry tea on the previous recommendation however after brewing a pitcher of it , I find there is ZERO raspberry flavor in it . I tied 2 different strengths , brewing with 4 bags and 2 bags with the same result , Tastes like straight black tea . Wasted $ 20 . I guess I 'll have to stay with Walmart brand instant raspberry tea . At least it has a good flavor although there is a little to much sugar for my preference .
 I have not yet tried the product . I ordered it on a Saturday morning to the wrong address . I make this careless mistake all the time because I 'm often not at my default address . I went to change it and got `` This portion of your order is being prepared for shipment and can not be canceled or changed , '' Less than five minutes after placing this order . Beware .
 Product was shipped in the original box with no extra packing . The box was damaged from shipping and so were the weetabix .
 Personally I do n't like this tea as it is odd having liquidity unsweetened vanila-esque flavour strong aftertaste . Even when sweetened it is odd - the aftertaste is nausiating . I do enjoy Ahmad English and Earl Grey .
 I ordered this sampler pack of instant soups and it was delivered very promptly . -LRB- arrived within 2 days -RRB- The confusing thing is that I 'm not sure what I received in the package . I was expecting some instructions and/or information in English ... . but everything on the packaging is in Japanese . Unfortunately I live in an area of Pennsylvania where there is no Japanese population.The package contained a total of 22 small packets in eight various sized strips ... . two packs -LRB- 4 strips -RRB- , three packs -LRB- 2 strips -RRB- , and four pack -LRB- 2 strips -RRB- . I have no idea what is in the packets or how to prepare them . I assume that they are various kinds of instant soup.Do I combine them?Is each packet a complete soup mix?Does this represent 22 servings?Your guess is as good as mine . I am going to try to prepare the soup by adding boiling water to each packet . I 'll update this review after I get a chance to experiment.It 's like a Dining Adventure ! Wish me luck !
 I was greatly surprised by this , and now am stuck with 6 boxes of tea I ca n't stand . ANY other tea is better-even the cheapest in the grocery store . BTW , true Orange Pekoe tea has no orange flavor - it refers to grading by leaf appearance , and the appearance here is very good , so I am at a loss about the taste . If I use 1/2 tsp of this with 1/4 c of other loose teas , it ruins the flavor of the whole batch . I have not been disappointed by Twining 's other varieties . This tastes NOTHING like Ceylon tea .
 Sadly , this is pretty crummy tea . For decent Orange Pekoe , I remain sold on Typhoo .
 Although packaging was perfectly intact , three of the six boxes of loose tea were received were dented . This gives me the impression that the seller is intentionally selling dented cans of the product . I would buy this product again but only from a store where the tin boxes could be visually inspected before purchase . Selling damaged merchandise is not good customer service .
 My products was suppose to arrive August 23rd , as of today September 1st , I do not have my tea yet .
 This is a coarse , dusty and stale tea that has probably been sitting in an Eastern European warehouse for too long.Even increasing the amount in the pot and waiting twice as long will not coax any flavor from it.At least the canisters will come in handy .
 I have been a lifelong tea drinker , and look forward to a cup of brewed loose leaf tea for relaxation and for breakfast when I am home . This tea is not bitter . It however has absolutely no tea fragrance or aroma which is an integral part of tea drinking experience . This is analogous to drinking very expensive cardboard flavored caffeinated water .
 What may be fine tea underneath is totally overpowered by throat burning smoke . I am unable to taste anything but smoke . I 'll take my smoke in a cigar thank you .
 If you like sucking on shoe leather you will love this tea . I have a wide variety of teas that I enjoy -LRB- about 30 in the pantry right now -RRB- and this was the first time I was unable to finish the cup . The smell reminds me of family trips to the Bass shoe outlets in Maine . The box is pretty . I paid $ 2.35 at the international food market in Dallas . DO n't know why it is so expensive here . Maybe the illusion of value based upon price ?
 apparently there is no way of fixing bitter poppy seed . Maybe someone has an idea ? I still have half a package
 apparently there is no way of fixing bitter poppy seed . Maybe someone has an idea ? I still have half a package
 apparently there is no way of fixing bitter poppy seed . Maybe someone has an idea ? I still have half a package
 It 's interesting that so many people seem to enjoy this tea . I just tried it in a sampler pack , and thought it was just the most dreadful tea I 've ever had ! Tart , yet flavorless . In my opinion , it tastes like you brewed Lipton 's tea for 20 seconds , and added a touch of lemon juice . With that said , I tend to NOT like any kind of fruit flavored teas whatsoever , and prefer PG Tips - which I find balanced and flavorful , never bitter . Obviously , this tea has many fans & I am the odd man out ! But none the less - If you do n't like fruit teas , you probably wo n't enjoy this due to it 's tart overtone - even though it 's not a fruit tea .
 apparently there is no way of fixing bitter poppy seed . Maybe someone has an idea ? I still have half a package
 This is not a strong nor malty tea , the taste is average - nothing particular outstanding or to applaude . I have not experience the `` decaffinated '' effects of this tea , although the words do carry a placebo effect.I have found tea package in America/Canada from Twining do not have same quality as the Twining sold in England : London/Heathrow Airports . Just not the same in terms of the flavour . Very deceiving as it does not indicate on the website as where it has been packaged .
 I love fig bars but was disappointed by these . Had strong prune taste , however my 8 yr old son like them . Love other Barbara 's items .
 There is a teeny tiny hint of jasmine flavor in this tea , but for the most part it tastes like normal green tea . I 'm not a fan of pure green tea flavor , so I did not enjoy this tea at all . Of all the jasmine green teas I 've tried , this is the weakest and worst . I would recommend Stash Jasmine Blossom -LRB- my favorite -RRB- , or Bigelow Green Tea with Jasmine .
 On the main page this item says it has .9 -LRB- that 's point 9 -RRB- grams of fat . Then open the nutrition info and it says 11gm of fat . Whats real ? BIG difference ! Are the other numbers screwed up also ??? Makes you wonder .
 I have no complaint about the bar themselves , but they are too expensive for what you get .
 Solid with whole nuts and fruits . Just did n't expect it to be sticky . Liked the taste , but did n't care for the texture or the stickiness .
 This product was moldy when I received it . Well packaged but not able to try it . Would not recommend it .
 I ordered this Tea twice and they kept sending Twinnings Breakfast Tea ... So thats why I rated it zero ... I would like to try it But I am through trying to order it because they cant seem to correct the Problem ...
 I usually love anything from twinings , but this is the worst green tea I 've ever had . I bought a box of this because my grocery story was out of what I usually get -LRB- Stash decaf green tea -RRB- . I saw that twinings carried a decaf green tea , and since I trust twinings , I thought I 'd give it a try.It is GRITTY , BITTER , SOUR , and nothing like what green tea really tastes like . I can barely get a good strength of tea from one bag.Do not buy this tea .
 I 'm a big fan of Twinings , so when I saw that they sold green tea , I jumped at the chance to buy it . Honestly , this has to be the worst green tea I 've ever tasted . It tastes absolutely nothing like it . I was sorely disappointed at the thought of having to throw away an entire box of tea , but it had to be done .
 This product has no resemblance to green tea , in color or flavor . I tried it once and threw the rest out . I know and love Japanese style green tea , and decaf green never tastes as good as regular green . Even so , Bigelow 's decaf green is much less offensive than this one . Perhaps if I did n't know this Twinings was supposed to be green tea , I would n't dislike it so much , but it 's not worth suffering through the whole box to find out .
 I purchased this green tea because it was the cheapest tea in K cups and now I know why . It taste terrible and I feel like I have to throw away the entire box . It has a musty odor and taste , almost as if it is old ... Very disappointed .
 Not too bad in taste but have n't found the right cake to put it on . It 's really hard to find GF products that are easy and taste good .
 I found that some of the crunchie bars were very old ! Discoloured
 The Cadbury Crunchie Bars was not packed properly . No padding of any kind . Bars crushed and a mess to eat .
 Ordered them on october 26 and its now november 27 an still hve not received them . I have to say , they are priced well .
 I have been an avid senseo fan for about a year . However , I was getting a bit bored drinking the same Dark Roast every morning -LRB- I found the other flavors too mild -RRB- . So I was very happy when I saw the new flavors -LRB- Sumatra , Colombia , Kenya and Brazil -RRB- . Sumatra and Columbia are the two that I liked . I found the Kenya blend to be mild and sweet . Even my wife , who previously used Hazelnut did not like it too much .
 The first time I ordered this coffee , it was great . But the second time , it was undrinkable . A couple months later I ordered again thinking it was just a bad batch . But no , it was still undrinkable . These pods produce something that has no similarity to coffee.Thanks to Amazon for making good on both bad orders with a refund .
 Find the Colombian blend too strong these days . More expensive way to purchase in the 4 pack . Will not again buy this blend or amount again
 Ok , I had hopes for this as I really like Columbian coffee . I was very disappointed . It is nasty . Really off taste . i would much prefer Nescafe Classico instant !
 Anyone who really loves a gourmet cup of coffee will HATE this ! It 's burnt , bitter , weak , battery-acid ! And , as consequence , those coffee lovers may begin to hate their new Senseo -- but take heart ! Many online coffee shops now offer decent to delectable coffees at prices that rival this cheap swill . I do n't specifically want to endorse any one product or online retailer but do a google search for `` senseo compatible pods '' and you 'll find several on the first page . Also , please note that while these may initially seem pricier , most third party pods work with JUST ONE to make an 8-ounce cup instead of the two pods that Senseo brand products demand . You do the math and it works out to be a comparable costing cup of joe . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The brand of Senseo that came with my little coffee pod machine was stronger than I liked so I tried a four pack of Columbiacoffee and the first pod was so strong that it upset my stomach . The next two were terrible and I dumped both cups . Since then I have tried diluting each pod with some water but the rotten taste persists . I bought a large coffee at a popular drive in and it was really strong and would have been refused back in the WWII era . NEEDLESS TO SAY , NEVER ANOTHER SENSEO COFFEE POD IN MY HOUSE , EVER AGAIN!I do n't blame Amazon for my mistakes but it really irks me to throw out twenty some dollars worth of worthless SENSEO coffee pods . Will keep the pod machine to heat water for tea . My suggestion is for people to buy coffee and filters from your local stores , at least most of it is drinkable and so much cheaper !
 This is a senseo coffee product , but the Colombia Blend does not reflect the coffee perfection attained by the Dutch DOUWE EGBERTS company . While this flavor carries the DOUWE EGBERTS logo , it does not produce the flavor I have come to expect . Weaker flavor . Maybe a &#34; blend &#34; means less arrabbica bean content .
 I am in the process of trying all of the Annie Chun 's Soup Noodle Bowls and Noodle Bowls . Of all the ones I bought I tried these first because these are the ones that I actually wanted to like the best . They were AWFUL !! Very overpowering lemony taste . I tried to eat them but could not even finish them . Now , you have to understand something , I am really not very picky as far as food is concerned . If I dont like something , I usually can pretty much finish it because I hate wasting food but I actually threw these away . I was so disappointed !! Since then I have tried a couple of the other noodle bowls and a soup bowl and have really liked them so it isnt the Annie Chun 's products but this particular noodle bowl . I have read a couple of the more recent reviews on this product on Amazon and their facebook page and was relieved to see it wasnt just me . That other people had noticed this overpowering lemony taste . Seems they havent always been like this though . One gentleman stated that he had compaired the ingredient label of a new batch and an old batch and it seems they have changed some of the ingredients . Annie , if you read this , go back to the old way because pretty soon no one is going to be buying these .
 I love annie chun but this particular soup just does not do it for me personally , however you may love it . The soup has a very unusual taste . I really wanted to like this soup but I will stick to the other flavors that I love .
 NOt the flavor I was expecting but , is OK if you are in a super hurry and have no other options . But , the taste of the flour in the noodles is kind of odd and it is a rather small portion . If you spice it up with garlic and ginger , it is not half bad .
 I have bought these numerous times over the years as a ` backup ' quick lunch at work if the need arises . Frankly it was my favorite flavor since I tended to vary the noodle flavors I bought over the years for variety . But this last order convinces me I wont be buying this flavor again . What once was a good `` Peanut Sesame Noodle '' is now a horrible `` Lemon Noodle with peanuts '' . They changed the recipe for the peanut sauce and it 's now just overpowering lemon grass . I do n't expect fine dining when I get these , but I do expect edible and it 's nearly not .
 I looked for the nutrition information and could not find it on Amazon . Since I love Sesame noodles I bought this product . On the box it does say 40 carbs , I shoulda paid attention - one bowl kicked my blood sugar level up by nearly 80 points - way above what it should be . If you are diabetic avoid this product .
 You can easily make your own by boiling some spaghetti and adding some scallions , cooked diced carrot , soy sauce , broth , and peanut butter , along with some ginger , garlic , and red pepper flakes . Annie Chun 's is a poor substitute for homemade .
 I have tasted the entire line , and this was the only one that I was disappointed with . With a name like `` Mate Chocolatte , '' I expected chocolate or cocoa flavor . If there is any , it is awfully subtle . It is still a decent cup of mate , it 's just that the other flavors in the line are true to what they claim to be -- mint , orange , chai , red . You can read an extensive review of the line here -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I have found that Edy 's ice cream is too sweet . When I first tasted it about 4-5 years ago it was very good , but it seems like they put more sugar in it and ruined it . And what happened to `` Homemade '' ? It seems to have disappeared.I do n't see any Spumoni in our area -LRB- 20708 -RRB- either ?
 Okay , going through the reviews , I anticipated that the soup will be pretty good - at least somewhat decent - despite being `` instant , '' because I 've had some good instant soups before.Well , after trying one packet , I was so disappointed ! :-LRB- I should have NEVER ordered this !! What a waste of money ... It tastes like Maruchan ramen noodle soup , but much worse , and it 's so salty as well ! I had to add like two cups of water , not 3/4 cup as told in the directions . I should have ordered instant Nong Shim noodles instead . The rest of the soup boxes will be donated to somewhere ...
 I echo the other 1 star review . This stuff is terrible and he is right-on in each of his observations . I can only add that the stuff should not be allowed to be sold .
 I ca n't believe I paid a nickle of my hard-earned money for this stuff.I also ca n't believe all the good reviews it got . You put it in a cup , add 3/4 cup of boiling water and stir it up . A bunch of white stuff that may be dried noodles will be floating on top . After a LOT MORE stirring , and it 's been sitting there for a while -LRB- long enough to be too cool to eat -RRB- , the noodles get more-or-less soft.Take a sip . It taste like hot tap water with a hint of chicken broth . On top of that it gave me heartburn . I guess THAT part is MY problem , and YMMV.I wo n't even give this junk away.Read the label
 Lipton soup is a good soup but the boxes were very small and the soup was not that great tasting . i would not recommend it .
 This soup is terrible !! I do n't know how it gets such good reviews . I bought a whole bunch of boxes when they wre on sale , and I thought it would be great to stock up . I 'm actually having my first cup as I 'm writing this . The `` noodles '' or whatever they call these little microscopical pieces of noodle are so small i ca n't even taste or chew them . The carrots are pretty much non-existant , and the meat ? where 's the meat ?? i dont see any . I 'll pay a few extra bucks for progresso soup in my opinion .
 At 48 dollars for 12 , it 's highway robbery . Doing the math , that comes out to 4 dollars a box . Each box has four envelopes , that means a doller per envelope . You can go to Drugstore.com and get it for half that price . Not to mention I can buy individual boxes , I do n't have buy in bulk .
 I truly love the flavor of this soup mix but it contains partially hydrogenated soybean oil . That means it has ` trans fats ' that effectively cause hardening of the arteries and heart disease . That 's not even mentioning that it has soybean products in it . Soybeans -LRB- except for the fermented forms like tempah -RRB- elevate one 's estrogen levels which can increase the chance of cancer risks ... especially estrogen mediated breast cancers . And it has Autolyzed Yeast Extract which is another name for the infamous neurotoxin ... MSG -LRB- monosodium glutamate -RRB- . I do n't understand why this well known company has to use dangerous ingredients when there are so many substitutes that will not destroy our populations health . Is it purely because it 's so much cheaper to use these dangerous , life threatening products that they only see their profit margins and not the health of the nation . As much as I love the flavor of this soup mix , I can not recommend it to anyone ! I will not be ordering this health ` time bomb ' ever again . Eat it at your own risk !!!
 I was very disppointed with this soup , I have always used and enjoyed Lipton products but this soup has no taste . I would not order this product again .
 It 's not too expensive , so not too bad of an investment if you need a quick snack lunch and do n't have access to a microwave or such . It does take 2 packets for a decent mug of soup , and you really do need to let it brew in boiling water for at least 5 minutes . Adding croutons does help , but overall it 's not that great-there are better offerings out there . I do n't think I 'll get another order , sorry .
 I was quite surprised to see when i got the package that I had paid several times more for a box of 3 packets than 1 box of 4 packets . Perhaps I missed the note on the original package that it was only 3 packets but I certainly would n't order again at these prices .
 I realize that I am saying Cup O Soup tastes like chemicals - seems obvious , but I really like the regular chicken soup and the spring vegetable . Just pass on this one .
 1 . Package is too small - if I compare a package to a tea bag , then you need 2 packs to make one cup of soup for a light snack -LRB- for the record , I am not even a big eater -RRB- 2 . Taste wise , it is a so-soI do not think I will be buying this again
 To much salt , ca n't drink the broth . Most consumers are looking to get away from this old idea for creating flavor . I 'll look at it again in a couple years .
 I usually like Lipton products , but Cup-a-Soup is n't one of them . It 's very weak . In order for this soup to make you feel like you 've eaten anything at all , you need to put at least 2 oz . less water in the cup than is called for on the box . If you put in what is recommended , you are basically drinking hot water with a very mild soup taste and trying to eat the few little noodles that are floating around . If someone wants a really quick fix , I suppose this would suffice , but not by much .
 THIS IS SO TASTY BUT HAS WAY TOO MUCH SODIUM FOR ME . NOT GOOD FOR PEOPLE ON LOW SODIUM DIET .
 This product has a lot of caffiene and caused a migraine headache and I only have had 1 other in my lifetime . The shipping is as much as the product . if you do n't drink coffee and are sensitive to caffiene , you may want to stay away from this tea .
 This is basically seasoned paste in plastic tube . It does not cook well on it 's own and is only good as an extra flavoring . The taste seemed a bit weird to me . It tasted like plastic . Gross !! Save your money and just get some good quality spices to add to your meal .
 This is not a sausage , this is paste in a plastic tube which is shaped like a sausage . Then you cut the tube off and you 're left with a log of mash . As one other reviewer mentioned , it 'd be better -LRB- and more honest -RRB- if this came in a tub.The taste is fine , but not remarkable in any way . I 'm not sure how this product is better than you putting tofu , TSP and spices in a blender and then shaping it like poop.Usually vegan fake meats are at least texturally close , and while they ca n't approximate meat exactly they are at least trying . Soyrizo makes no attempt -LRB- other than the plastic packaging -RRB- at being what it claims to replace.It is a pain in the butt to cook as it has no structure at all , and it burns readily . I cooked half at a high temperature like the packaging suggested - it burned quickly ! Then I cooked the other half at a low temperature , cut up into smaller poops so I could roll them over . Regardless of how long it was cooked , it did not dry out or become more solid.I was very very disappointed by this Soyrizo and will not buy it again .
 Love these cookies . They taste wonderful . No trans fat , vegan , Kosher , healthy ingredients . So what 's my gripe ? If you look at the nutrition label on the back of the cookie package carefully , notice that a serving is 1/2 a cookie . And , 1/2 a cookie is 210 calories -LRB- different from the info on the Amazon site , but I 'm looking at the package right now -- same product , current package -RRB- . So , if you eat the whole cookie -LRB- I dare you to stop at 1/2 . I know I ca n't ! I tried . -RRB- , you 've eaten a 420-calorie cookie . Wow . That 's a lot . Sorry to burst the bubble . I take one of these to work every once in awhile to eat for lunch -LRB- and 420 calories is a large lunch for me -RRB- , but that 's the only way I can eat them . I bought these not realizing they 'd counted the cookie as two servings -LRB- which is pretty sneaky , IMO -RRB- , and relied on the Amazon site info , which needs to be updated to reflect current package count . Great cookies , but if calories factor in for you , beware .
 Not so healthy ! 420 calories per cookie , Ouch !! buy a case and get fat , that 's for sure.Totally not worth the added on pounds , you can find vegan non gluten cookies at your local food co-op or trader joes for half those calories . .
 NOT WORTH THE MONEY , TASTE LIKE HAD PEPPERS IN IT , BROKE OUT MY MOUTH . COULD N'TGIVE THEM AWAY .
 I like orange but do find this a little bit too much . I am ok with the texture which is a little off because of the crisps but the orange is a bitter orange which seems a bit too strong to me . I can eats these but will not reorder them . The other Nana 's I have tried were much better .
 I was disappointed when I opened my first cookie that was ordered from Amazon . Although I am still eating them , they were stale . When ordered directly from Nanas Cookies , they were so fresh they were falling apart . The aroma was delicious !
 The flavor of both the lemon and ginger cookies is good , and if the texture of these cookies could be improved , I might even buy them again . The texture was grainy and distracting . I 'll try the tip about refrigerating them for the two dozen I purchased . Maybe a better mixture of flours rather than the predominate rice flour in this cookie would help eliminate the grainy texture .
 This sad confection is a perfect example of why you should n't do your grocery shopping while you 're hungry . It was a total impulse buy and i was REALLY excited about it . No eggs ? No dairy ? Hooray a cookie for vegans like me ! It sounded perfect . When i got home and took a bite i was SO disappointed . There 's hardly any lemon flavor to it and it sucked all the moisture out of my mouth . It was like trying to swallow paste . I tried a few more bites to give it a fair chance ... but wound up throwing the majority of the cookie in the trash.Unfortunately , i paid over $ 2 for this darn atrocity . Ah well ... lesson learned .
 I do n't know which was worse , the ginger or the lemon cookie . All I can say is the texture is really off putting to me . Gluten-free is challenging and getting the best texture is difficult . Seems like too much reliance on rice flour -LRB- cheaper -RRB- . Maybe an increase in another gluten-free flour would help . I ended up donating them to the local food bank .
 As I searched the site for gluten-free items ... this item came up in the selection of choices . For those who are celiac or totally GF , this item is not for you . -LRB- see ingredient list -RRB- . Always read the find print - as you can not completely trust the website .
 This cookie has no chocolate flavor . The texture is gritty and crumbly.I would not buy them again .
 These were a sore disappointment to the Nana 's brand . I love the Chocolate Chip and Peanut Butter but these were way to dry and powdery . The flavor was good but the texture made my stomach turn .
 Although I love the Nana 's brownie mint , and peanut butter flavor cookies , I found the ginger cookie disappointing . It was too spicy to be enjoyable , and more crumbly than the other cookie flavors . -LRB- The crumbliness is due to the gluten-free rice flour . -RRB- Also , the ginger cookies are more fattening than the other flavors I 've had
 WARNING WARNING WARNING ! I searched for gluten-free oatmeal raisin cookies on Amazon and these cookies came up on the list . These cookies are NOT gluten free . Yes , they contain no wheat , but instead , they have barley flour . Wheat , barley and rye all have natural gluten and * must * be avoided . Do not buy these if you have Celiac disease -- that is , are gluten intolerant.Amazon should fix their search engine to NEVER display products that are not truly gluten free when people search for such . Even now , on the review form , Amazon is suggesting `` gluten free '' and `` celiac '' as tags for this product . That is flat out false .
 This peanut butter cookie was very disappointing . It looked great and was crunchy but it had no peanut butter taste at all . It 's flavor was a bit `` off '' - sort of like a rice cracker.Nana 's Cookie , Peanut Butter , 3.5-Ounce Packages -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB- My favorite peanut butter cookie continues to be Grandma 's which I have ordered three times .
 Are you kidding me ??? The 90 positive reviews must be the owners relatives . This is the worst gluten free product I have ever eaten . It is dry and it is mealy . The only way it was marginally tolerable was to smother it in chocolate icing . My wife told me to complain to the company and I told her I did n't want them sending me any free product .
 The no gluten cookies are high in carbs , taste really bad & are grainy . Sorry I wasted the money & would NOT recommend them to a friend .
 These are a little mealy or grainy , but are OK . Pretty high in carbs though .
 I recently tried this cookie and the Ginger flavor . They were both disgusting . The texture was similar to a protein bar . The flavor of the chocolate one was very weak , contrary to the label , which states that it has a rich chocolate flavor . The other one was very spicy , with no sweetness to cut the spice . Not a pleasant experience . I did n't finish either of them .
 I am wheat , gluten , and dairy-free and generally avoid packaged and processed foods , but there are a number of tasty , safe , gluten-free products out there . This is not one of them . I detest these cookies . The texture is awful . Dry . Like eating a cake made of sand . Save yourself and eat a piece of fruit instead .
 I love any good peanut butter cookie and thought this vendor , Nanas , looked to have pretty good reviews . But I 'll tell ya ... it 's bland bland bland , tastes likes dried paste , horrible . There 's a list of ingredients on each package of the stuff they ` do n't ' put in there like eggs , sugar , etc. . Well maybe they should realize that those ingredients are ` what ' makes a good cookie . I wo n't try anything from them again .
 Nana 's No Wheat - No Refined Sugar - Chocolate Chip Cookie , 3.5-Ounce Packages -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB- I have tried several of Nana 's products and they are VERY , VERY tasty for the occasional snack or special occasion . With my gluten-free diet -LRB- and expecting family members with dietary restrictions -RRB- , I ordered a box of these renowned Chocolate Chip Cookies for inclusion on the dessert table at my son 's graduation BBQ.PLEASE NOTE
 The only good thing I can say about the Lemon Gluten Free cookies is that they really do have a good lemon flavor ! The texture was like sand . In fact it was very much like a slab of wet sand with a good lemon flavor . Sorry to say , but I spent lots of money on this and am now stuck with what I consider inedible products .
 I 'm sorry to say that I tried the Lemon flavored cookie , and it tasted like someone had taken beach sand , flavored it with a little lemon juice and sweetener , added a teaspoon of water , packed it together , and sold it as a cookie . It was so incredibly gritty that my tongue felt a little raw afterward . It was so crumbly that I could n't even break pieces off of it to eat them ... every time I tried to break a piece off , a big part of the cookie just fell apart . It was like when you 're building a sand castle and the sand is n't wet enough ... it does n't hold together . I could n't finish it .
 Do n't get me wrong , the product was great . One thing that needs work is the service . I recieved a package -LRB- March2006 -RRB- that was damaged and I still have not gotten it replaced .
 I ordered this product several months ago because it said it was harvested in Icelandic waters , so I thought at least it would n't be farm-raised in southeast Asia . I bet anyone else who bought these canned shrimp returned them promptly for a refund . The box says `` Product of Vietnam '' - an old bait and switch tactic . There 's no way these were harvested from Icelandic waters . I opened two cans and found gray-looking mushy shrimp falling apart inside the can - more like a lumpy shrimp paste with very few whole shrimp . The most unappetizing mess I 've ever seen , and I paid a premium price for them . The flavor was inferior and I spit them out and rinsed out my mouth . A family emergency distracted me from returning them , so into the garbage can they went .
 You listed `` Giant green olives '' being used , only to find normal sized green olives upon reciept . Price was within price of similar local products , but feel that the color used in promoting same , especially after shipping , left me in arears and dissattisfied .
 Two of the whole nutmegs were rotten and crumbled in my fingers , and all the others had a white moldy film on them .
 I am not sure what was sent to me in the guise of nutmeg . This look like something which was pick up in the woods and painted , yes I am saying painted . There was no smell of nutmeg and certainly no taste of nutmeg . This was thankfully and inexpensive lesson learn .
 The container this spice comes in is a joke . I had to re-seal it into a plastic bag so my whole house does n't end up smelling like Hing . I mean , I know it 's imported from the third world country but , come on ! Even they HAVE to be able to mold plastic into more usable shapes and use better plastic to do so . This low `` quality '' packaging would be hard to find even in the middle of the jungle !
 Since there was n't any ingredient listing , I did n't know I could n't use it until it arrived . I am gluten free ... sorry !
 I knew what it was when I bought it , but I had no idea that the smell could be so foul . I used a tiny amount in one of my recipes and was unable to eat it . I should note that I am extremely sensitive to odors/fragrance , so that probably has a lot to do with it . I had to keep this little yellow jar enclosed in a glass canning jar with a tight fitting lid so that my kitchen did not smell like a rotting corpse . When I finally gave up and threw it out , I had to throw out the canning jar too , as the rubber seal on the lid had picked up the smell .
 The listing did n't list any other ingredients , so I thought I was buying asafoetida . As it turns out , it is a compounded substance that lists asafoetida after rice flour and gum arabic and before turmeric and wheat flour . Not only was this a surprise because I had no idea that there were fillers , but I have celiac disease , so the stuff is actually toxic for me .
 The quality of the sausage looks really bad . It definitely has been stored for quite a long time . Do not purchase it .
 It would have been nice to know why each box of Honeycomb cereal I kept buying tasted horrible . I started checking product numbers to make sure that I did n't get any more `` bad batches '' then imagine to my surprise that I go online to see if there was a reason for them tasting so bad and see there was a change made to the formula.Not once did I see New formula advertised on any box . I have always heard `` if it ai n't broke ... do n't fix it ! '' so what were ya 'll thinking ? Is there any chance that the old Honeycomb cereal will ever be back on the shelves ? I understand looking out for everyones health but leave the choice to the consumer by making a healthier formula as an additional choice for the consumer instead of in place of the original . Until then ... no cereal for me . It is really sad !!
 At first I thought , ok , got a bad batch . This Honeycomb tasted like some generic brand wan na be Honeycomb . Then I did a little research and found they did change the recipe to be ` healthier ` in late 2006 . Let 's face it , it 's a sugary breakfast cereal that no one , upon reflection , would actually believe is a good start to anyone 's day . So , why mess with the good taste -- what it acutally had going for it?And `` Honeycomb 's big , ya ya ya ! '' No , no , no . It seem 's to have shrunk in the process.Register your complaint with Post and maybe we 'll get ` Classic Honeycomb '
 Something is different with Honeycombs now . Reformulated , and tastes bad !
 Bought four of these at Target and unfortunately used the receipt to get rid of some chewing gum -- have been buying them for years , and generally enjoy them . Will never buy in quantity again . They 're all STALE . Not the first time I 've noticed that happening much earlier than the sell by date , either . Caveat emptor -LRB- buyer beware -RRB- .
 first time i ordered the item i was pleasantly surprised each chocolate was filled nicely with burbon and had a strong burbon taste . second time i ordered the item there was very little if any burbon in the chocolate . attempted to contact the seller and had no response . do n't waste your money on this expensive item
 So I pretty much like all foods , but have four picky eaters , even I do n't like these ... we love multiple other brands of organic fruit strips / ropes but no one likes these . I do love that there is an organic apple in each one , but since no one will eat them , it 's pointless . I think it 's the texture . It 's thicker and not sticky ? The taste is ok ... I guess it 's just too different than what we are used to .
 Love the idea of being healthy , but the flavor of this one is n't great . Like the sour apple better .
 I have purchased this product in stores before , so I knew I would like it and decided to buy a case . Everything was as expected , but the `` Better if used before '' date on the case and the individual boxes was February of 2006 . Now , I realize that these things do n't go bad quickly , but I still think selling something THREE AND A HALF YEARS after the `` use by '' date is unacceptable . I will hesitate to purchase more food items from Amazon .
 These bars do taste great , but that 's because they have a whole lot of sugar in them . Look at the label . The second listed -LRB- and thus second most predominant -RRB- ingredient is `` evaporated cane juice crystals , '' which is just a euphemism for sugar.I thought I was buying a healthy snack bar . Well , it maybe better than a Snickers Bar ... . but not much.If you want a great tasting candy bar , buy it . But if you want something healthy , purchase another product .
 I am sad to report that this plant did not live more than a month or two . It looked nice upon arrival ; nicely packed and fresh . I noticed that the top of the pot was jammed with green fertilizer balls so I decided to remove all the access fertilizer and check the roots . The roots were so knotted and filled with fertilizer it looked like it was suffocating . I carefully removed the fertilizer and what soil there was and washed the roots and repotted in a new similar sized pot in bonsai soil . I followed the included directions and within tow weeks , the leaves shriveled and started falling off . I am not a beginner when it comes to plants so I was shocked when this plant `` died '' . I did not contact the seller . Seeing how the plant/roots were treated did not leave a good feeling with me . Not sure if I would purchase from the same seller again .
 I have ordered the Dwarf Pre-Bonsai Plant for my cousin 's birthday . The plant was supposed to be a surprise . Unfortunatly , I have received a phone call from him saying what is this dry tree supposed to be for . He send me pictures and video and I was shocked to see a plant that looks nothing like the picture that is being advertised on amazon.com . Never buy plants on line . That is the lesson of my life .
 No one can seem to answer why it is so difficult to buy Wise Chips . I have sent emails to the Wise website and have never received a response . Now they are no longer available at Amazon . Anyone know why ?
 I have grown up with coconut trees around and drinking the original . This is certainly not even close to a coconut water . Its a sugar water with some rubber like artificial jelly in them . I bought it a local grocery store , and thought it would nice.Well the ingredient did say `` Water , sugar and jelly added '' . My bad i read it after i bought it in hurry .
 I ordered this item by mistake . I thought I was ordering the Pizza Crust which our family just loves . When I saw that I have made the mistake , I decided to give it a try - we now had 6 packages . But this was the worst GF bread we have ever made . Had to keep putting it back in the oven because the middle was raw and outside was hard as a rock . We tried to eat it , but just threw it out - the first time I have ever hated a GF item so much !
 I have purchased Peanut Lovers Chex Mix from Amazon for 2 years . Normally the product is great but this last shipment was not . Over half of each package -LRB- in a box of 12 -RRB- were pretzels - this has never happened and I hope the next box does not follow suit.Chex Snack Mix Peanut Lovers , 8.75-Ounce Bags -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB-
 first time i ordered the item i was pleasantly surprised each chocolate was filled nicely with burbon and had a strong burbon taste . second time i ordered the item there was very little if any burbon in the chocolate . attempted to contact the seller and had no response . do n't waste your money on this expensive item
 Mamma mia , siete pazzi ? I could buy this same pasta in Tuscany for about $ 2.30 . Why are they gouging us ?
 We ordered the twenty pack and split it with another household . No one could eat them . They tasted like plastic . We tried several from a few different packages and had the same results .
 Ordered a tin of tea bags to put into a gift basket with other tinned products and was sent two boxes of tea bags as a replacement for the tin , as they were out of stock . I am not impressed that they did n't contact me to see if I would accept a replacement product . I had to go through the ` return nonsense process ' and to add insult to injury , I had to pay the return shipping for their inconsiderate mistake . Send me what I ordered , or do n't send me anything without checking with me first - makes sense to me . Do n't assume that you can make that decision for me ! Just takes a phone call !!!!!!!!!
 I had high hopes for this , but it was bad . Really bad . The whole pan of cupcakes made from this had to be thrown out . Very gritty and dense .
 I was so excited to try this cake after reading the reviews and was greatly disappointed . I followed the directions , mixing well , and the cake took longer to bake than the instructions indicated . The cake has a gritty texture and sort of a stale aftertaste . It definitely lacks rich chocolate flavor . ** A suggestion for anyone looking for an excellent gluten free chocolate cake ... Pamela 's Products is one to rave about , no one else would know it 's gluten free .
 Do n't want to discouraged anyone here but my friends & family know me as a cake expert . This cake was absolutely awful . I made it for my birthday & cried . I have made Pamela 's & it was ok . But this was so grainy , the after taste was UGH ! It weighed a ton & I had to throw it all away . For 8 dollars I was not happy . But I will try the Kinnikinnick next because that got such great reviews .
 Boiling water destroys the active ingredients called kavalactones.I found the tea pleasant , but did not notice any of the calming effects described on the box.I googled kava root and found several articles describing how the active ingredient is destroyed with hot water.I am currently waiting on my cup of hot water to cool down to room temperate to try again . I figured I would try it this way instead of throwing away the box and buying the kava root and making my own the way described in the articles .
 This tea did help me to relax however , it caused me to have vivid , sometimes disturbing images/dreams . After looking up the side effects on webmd.com , I also read the precautionary statements about potential damage to liver -LRB- even after very short term use -RRB- and decided the risks and side effects do not outweigh the benefits . I will drink Chamomile instead ... : -RRB-
 I am a tea lover . I drink atleast 3/4 cups of Yogi , Tazo or other brands of tea during the work day . I specifically love yogi tea ... I bought a packet of this particular pack over a month ago and I actually do not care for the taste of it . It almost has a rotten , bitter taste to it although there is a sweet liquorish top taste to it . It almost tastes a bit pungent and I actually have a hard time drinking it . I feel this need to not waste money so I am trying to finish out the box and I wish that I did not have to . So I give it a 2 star . It 's just not my cup of tea .
 I love tea and drink at least three cups of green tea per day . I wanted to try a tea with kava because I 've heard so many good things about its relaxing properties . Unfortunately I still do n't know if kava has any effect on me because I gagged on the first sip of this Yogi tea . I brewed the tea as directed , but nothing can help the nasty , medicinal , weirdly sweet flavor . Sasparilla is the second ingredient , and the root beer flavor really comes across combined with the numerous other ingredients including cinnamon , cardamom and ginger along with sweetness from the stevia which I assume were all added to mask the `` dirt '' flavor kava is said to have . I just personally ca n't stand this flavor . If you do n't usually drink tea that has numerous ingredients like this , I would save the receipt just in case you dislike it and need to return it .
 After reading the other reviews I just knew I found something to help me sleep . Boy was I wrong . The tea is good but doesnot help you sleep . The review that said she took this tea instead of vodka makes me wonder . I wasted my money .
 This tea would be nice if was n't so sweet . The cinnamon tastes great but the sweetness is very strange and overpowering and ruins the tea . I use stevia to sweeten other teas and my coffee and it 's not sweet like it is in this tea . The effects are nice however , 4 hours later I do have a bit of a headache . I may look for another Kava tea or perhaps try it in another form .
 I 'm traditionally a big fan of Yogi teas , but this one was an unpleasant surprise . It tastes like it smells , a bit like a cup of hot chocolate that 's gone off and has begun to sprout mold . I managed two cups , hoping I 'd get used to the taste , but in the end , I had to pitch the lot as it made my entire cupboard stink . Looking at the ingredients list , I think carob , chocolate 's oft lackluster understudy , is to blame .
 I bought the stress relief . The box says it is stress relief but when I opened it , it was breathe right!And it CAN NOT be returned ! What a waste of money ! Do n't get fooled !
 First of all , make sure you really like the taste of licorice . The licorice flavor is very strong in this , easily overpowering everything else . I could barely choke down a cup . Also , Stevia has an after taste to me . Always has , and this was no exception . Admittedly , I was hoping with all the other herbs -- i.e. cinnamon and ginger amongst others -- in here , those two flavors would be overpowered . I was wrong . Did this product work after I forced it down my throat ? No ! What worked was the two capsules I took of kava kava liquid phyto-caps from Gaia Herbs . I 'll also be trying their liquid extract -- in a cup of chai latte tea I make myself .
 I drink all types of teas , but this is one of the worst tasting teas , in my opinion .
 Please be careful , I did not read the product description so I do not know if they mentioned this but , kava can cause SEVERE LIVER TOXICITY , even without prior liver damage , please consult your physician before taking this or any other supplement!Thanks
 If you are just looking for a tea , the flavor is nice , but each bag contains only 20mg of kavalactones , which makes this a very economically unsound source of kavalactones , the stress-relieving chemicals in kava . I have tried this using 4 bags , and the effect was negligible . You may have better luck with this product than I did , but just do n't have high hopes of the effect being akin to that of traditionally prepared kava or quality kava extract like Gaia kava .
 I thought I was getting the regular green tea . This stuff stinks and they wo n't take it back
 I ordered an assortment of chips , what I got was 36 bags of crushed original style chips . I wrote Wise Company and their response to me was They hope I will be happier next time . I can garentee that there wo n't be a next time .
 My six pack of bread mix arrived yesterday . Despite the bags of mix being packed inside two cardboard boxes , there was still a trail of cocoa powder where the box was set down . I decided to make a loaf of bread right away -LRB- simple
 This is the worst tea I have ever had . I love licorice but the the combination in this tea is gaggy , thick , sweetish - hard to describe but my taste buds say NO .
 I HATE THIS TEA , I LOVE LICORICE , BUT I HATE THIS TEA , IT IS TERRIBLE , THE SMELL AND THE TASTE . I HATE IT , I RATE THIS TEA A ZERO ! YUCK !!!
 I have purchased Yogi tea for years now . This tea is fine , but I was disappointed by the slight misinformation . I 'm not sure why they simply call this tea `` Ginger '' at least on the front of the package . I am now paying much more attention to the actual ingredients of Yogi teas because this has 4 other ingredients of which 3 are in greater amount in this one . I just wanted plain ginger tea and this has licorice , lemongrass , peppermint & black pepper . Black pepper & licorice are very strong flavors especially if you are n't aware they are steeping in your cup . It 's a fine tea , yet holds a misleading title . That 's all . Thank you .
 If you are looking for a product that can bring you the raw intense power of black pepper then this is the tea for you !! While it was steeping I was actually thinking this stuff smells sweet and delicious ... then I tasted it . It was packed with the pepper I was looking for ! So again if you like ginger stay away from this tea but if you want a vile brew that tastes of nothing but ethnic pepper then by all means buy as much as you can drink !
 I bought this tea because my job was stressing me out and causing a lot of anxiety , indigestion , etc. and I use and love the other flavors of Yogi tea . Unfortunately , I ca n't handle the taste of this one . It 's just too strong - almost burns your tongue because it is so spicy . I normally like ginger but this is too much .
 I know what Ginger tastes like and this is NOT Ginger . The only things I found pleasant about this tea is that it came in a beautiful box and the individual packs were nicely packaged , I do n't care whether this is organic or not , the flavor of Ginger is absolutely absent . If you appreciate the aroma and strong flavor of good cup of Ginger tea then try `` Prince of Peace '' Honey Ginger Crystals . The aroma lights up the room , the flavor is strong and authentic and since they are crystals , there are no tea bags to deal with and the result is a good clean cup of genuine Ginger tea .
 While I do like this product I must say it is NOT for the person looking for something that is a delicate ginger flavor . You MIGHT get that if you just run hot water over the bag and not let it actually steep in the mug . I went by the directions that say steep 5 to 10 minutes and boy I wish I had not done so ! It was so strong that instead of fighting migraine like ginger is supposed to , it made it worse for a little while . I suggest if you want something light in ginger flavor that you go for sweet ginger peach instead of this product . If you want STRONG knock you off your chair ginger flavor that feels like a kick in the face , get this one . EDIT NOTE
 As I write this , I am doubled over with pain and so nauseated I can barely keep from throwing up . I am on my third cup of tea . Yesterday I had four , and before that I had two , then two again on the day before that . So I can say with absolute assurance that it does not work for me . Please do n't waste your money on this product if you have debilitating cramps each month , because this tea will not so much as `` take off the edge . '' It seems only those women who are lucky enough to have `` minor aches and pains '' each month will find relief from their symptoms with this tea .
 First If I could have rated this ZERO STARS . . I would havI would like to say I am a regular eater of protein bars . This is NOTHING like that rather a cut down version of a crunchy candy bar . .1 . it is extremely SMALL . . it did n't even fill the modest size package that is was wrapped in . Approx 2/3 of the size of a usual bar2 . it is Thin as well as short ... 3 . Extremely sweet and modest crunch4 . It might only measure 90 calories but most of those come from simple Sugar - the first 3 ingredients are SUGAR ... So if you want a sugar high fine but if your are looking for a healthy low cal mid meal snack that is healthy find another bar there are loads of them out there.So inconclusion this is a cut down candy bar faking it as a healthy low calorie item . Kellogg You can do way better than this !!!
 Special K Bars , Vanilla Crisp , 6 - .8 oz Bars , -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB- I ordered this item as an addition to my low calorie diet foods . I was extremely dissapointed in the fact that they have absolutely no taste and were very small . I have eaten other low cal bars made by Special K which were good , but the recipe for these should be discarded . I do not recommend this item to anyone who is looking for a low cal bar which also tastes good . Kellogs you missed the boat with this one .
 When did the rooster on the box get a cartoony face ? Whatever happened to that wonderful abstraction ? First they ruined Tony the Tiger , now this.And where did all the high fructose corn syrup come from ? Admittedly , it is a flake of corn but that is a nasty ingredient to be skipped at all costs.It 's things like that which drive people to the formerly odd grains like spelt and kamut !
 Admittedly , I had a fever.And I must say I am a devotee of the Corn Flake -LRB- though I only eat Trader Joe 's Brand -- Kellogg 's flakes , though tasty , have too much crap in them -RRB- . But Cereal City -- the true target of this review -- and a place that now has GREAT bearing on my thoughts about this product -- was CREEPY.From the bald lady with two teeth who took our ticket and felt that this gave her liscense to engage us in a too-long conversation , to the Pennywise-looking clown that reeked of smoke -- our first two minutes set the tone.Throw in a weird new-agey film with floating balls of light that became speaking versions of dead historic figures who never got along in life and pick up their arguments right where they left off on the screen.Add to that a poorly-lit animatronic Snap , Crackle , and Pop who end up either looking like they are rising from the grave or falling in worship at the feet of Tony the Tiger -LRB- depending on whether they are coming up or going back down -RRB- . Our -LRB- hopefully -RRB- unique experience involved not being able to find a lady crucial to our scavanger hunt for 45 minutes -LRB- did she go in back and take a nap ? -RRB- I want a shirt that says `` I waited 45 minutes to complete the Cereal City scavanger hunt and all I got was this crappy sippy cup . `` Sadly there is much , much more ... I could go on at length . But I wo n't . The main point is that I get the sense that Kellogg 's , as a company , is just as creepy as its tourist trap . Avoid both .
 this is an item that should have arrived in a chilled condition . There was inadequate chilling material in the styrofoam box and the sauces were warm . It is not known whether the items were safe to consume .
 First of all , Peter Luger 's Steakhouse is highly over-rated . The steak is overdone and tastes too fatty , sweet and vinegary . In fact , at the restaurant , they actually tip the plate up and take a big spoonful of the fat that has drained to the bottom , and poor it like sauce over your steak serving . Crazy , in my opinion . Anyway , this retail version of the sauce is just as bad
 I was very disappointed by this rice . I paid a lot of money per pound and it tasted like any regular parboiled rice . Also the rice was from Argentina and not Italy . It tastes nothing like the creamy rissotto rice from Italy . I do not recommend this rice to anybody .
 The crackers are great . 5 stars . Just about anything from Carr 's is good stuff so this is a review of my particular order . These were only 2 weeks from the sell by date and that is cutting it a bit close for a case of crackers and the cracker case was crushed rendering the product uselessNow the Amazon packing box was fine so the Amazon packers chose an obviously crushed case of CRACKERS to pack up and send out . And it was packed in an oversize box -LRB- as usual , it seems -RRB- with just one little air pouch inside so needless to say the cracker crumbs from the damaged case were pulverized even further . Not terribly bright of the packers . And customer service stated that food items are not returnable and since the damage was not done in shipping they could n't blame UPS.On the bright side they made great high quality gourmet and expensive crumb coating for frying chicken.I love Amazon but there are some items that just do not bode well to purchase and ship . Crackers are now on my list of ` never agains ' .
 As a Taiwanese , I need to suggest anyone who might interested with this brand to boycott it . If you buy any product from this brand , you are actually helping big capitalist to undermine Taiwanese democracy . The company owner Mr. Tsai is not only the owner of this food brand , but also the owner of a newspaper , a TV station and a cable company in Taiwan . Now he also tries to buy one the most influential media in Taiwan . If this merging project pass , he will own more than 46 % of media market . Nevertheless , due to his food brand has a huge market in China , his finance also partly controlled by Chinese government , therefore , if he monopolizes the media market in Taiwan , that will seriously undermine Taiwanese democratic society . According to this , I sincerely ask anyone who read this review to think twice before you buy it .
 The seller use the picture of the real want-want product &#65292; but the item i receive is not the Want Want Shelly Shenbei . It is Shelly Shenbei by other brand -LRB- &#38634; &#12398; &#26376; instead of &#26106; &#26106; -RRB- . They try to trick you with similar product . Same thing happen to the `` Want Want Big Shelly Senbei Natural Flavored Crispy Rice Cracker Biscuits Family Value Pack '' .
 The smell is right , but the taste is way off -- at least , it 's off if used to try to flavor milk . Maybe it would be better in something else .
 This coffee was very forgettable . Not much more flavor than Folgers or Maxwell House . I would not buy this product again or recommend it .
 I was sad about this order . I Received the large vacuum package of Marcona Almonds . They taste terrible , almost rancid !!! What do I do with 2.2 lbs . of yucky nuts ?
 The description says it is a 1 pound marbled chocolate turkey.What I received was a 4 ounce marbled chocolate turkey.I 'm sure it is tasty and it is beautifully made but I spent $ 27 for this ? I want my money back .
 These are too hot and I do not like like the taste . Pringles Potato Crisps , Fiery Hots are again another flavor chip by Pringles that just does not work . The basic original product was just fine as is .
 For fun , I put this candy in my cart . 79 cents , but shipping and handling , $ 5 !
 I should have read other reviews - most of the cans had only half a can of chips - most were smashed .
 My daughter in school likes to order these things . They ship them to the dorm or least that is what she says . I tried them . I did not like the taste . If fact , I could not eat them because of the taste . I thought these Pringles Potato Crisps , White Cheddar would surprise me . You know , I really was disapointed .
 The quality was horrible , Never buy this item from `` Spicy World '' . If they would accept opened item , for sure I would return it back .
 Sorry , from a marzipan lover , these have no marzipan flavor and the rum flavor is n't that good , either . I will never buy these again .
 Although the candy looks gourmet and scrumptious , it is way too sweet and does n't taste like rum at all . The inside is not rum but a mushy sweet rum flavored something !! Could n't even eat one and threw the 8 boxes I bought away .
 The other reviewers did n't like these Marzipan Rum balls , but I thought I 'd try them anyway . Well , they were right , so add me to the list of disappointed buyers . They were artificial tasting and lacked any marzipan flavor .
 Nothing wrong with product as Planters nuts are always a favorite . But the box arrived with one flap pulled up and after counting the packages inside I discovered that it was one short of the salted peanuts -LRB- should be 12 -RRB- . Because of the limitations of contacting Amazon about problems - you must repackage item and return everything - I am keeping the item because it is part of a care package for my Marine nephew in Afghanistan . I am just so disappointed that someone was so hungry they had to steal from my shipment and I wish there was a direct contact with Amazon where you could share this kind of incident instead having to return everything for replacement or credit .
 This looked like a great way to buy a variety pack of nuts , in snack sizes that would keep me from eating too many . The problem is that peanuts are sort of the `` junk '' nut if you 're trying to eat healthy . -LRB- stick to almonds and walnuts -RRB- Plus buying individual packs is more expensive . But the worse offense - several packages were rancid ! It seemed to be the plain salted peanuts mostly . The honey nuts had a slightly off taste , but not as bad as the salted peanuts . The cashews were OK , but not as good as cashews I 've had from regular cans of Planters . I think what might happen is that shipping in the summer in the Southern states causes a lot of degradation in the flavor in the packages.Don ' t waste your money on this , because you just do n't know what you 're going to get .
 You can get the exact same box of Planters Nuts from Sams Club for $ 11.72 !!!!! They are tasty with a good mix of different nuts . If only Amazon can watch those prices .
 The nuts tasted old . It is supposed to be a variety pack but 80 percent of the items were salted peanuts . Not buying this product again .
 This `` deal '' is a rip off when you can get 2 / $ 1 at the store . And you get to pick which types of Planters you want .
 Why bother creating an alternative grain -LRB- that 's naturally gluten-free -RRB- cereal that 's NOT gluten free ?!?!? I bought this knowing millet is generally gluten-free ... glad I did more research before I ate it ! Arrowhead Mills has other gluten-free products ... Why not this ? On the packaging , it also DOES NOT include an allergen warning as most food product do now that contain , tree nuts , soy , milk and wheat . Incomplete labeling . Oh well , what could be a great product is sadly not .
 Once I go through the tedium of removing the hulls , the cereal is good . I mix the puffed grains with rice yogurt . But I can not tolerate eating it with the hulls included . I feel like I am eating my parakeets ' leftovers . I probably will not purchase any more millet .
 Been buying this product and was so happy to find a fairly healthy salad dressing that was actually very good ! In fact I eventold our leader at WW about it . Recently , I went to get more and they had none and said that it was a special order and could not get it any more and I could n't find it any place so I ordered it on Amazon . When it arrived I was showing someone the label ingredients and was amazed at the changes on the label ... very disappointed that I now had 6 bottles of a salad dressing I could not use since I am already on a low salt diet . Had called the company and they said they had changed the recipe and no longer had that particular one ... too bad ! It was very low fat , sodium and no sugar yet had an excellent taste . VERY DISAPPOINTED!Drews All Natural Roasted Garlic & Peppercorn Dressing 12 oz . -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB-
 Rice noodles taste pretty much alike , but this is the second time I have ordered rice noodles from Amazon in the last two weeks only to discover they are not as advertised on the website . In this case the website states that these noodles are made in the US . They are not . The box states they are a product of Thailand . I do not appreciate this misrepresentation at all .
 Limp , soggy , little taste . Not a bit like real pad Thai .
 consistency is ok but product is absolutely tasteless - might be possible to add to other cereals but not much fun to eat by itself
 nature path is than Baby loves ! We love it as a sub for morning cereal . It is simple as can be!No sugar added ! organicI still have to research about the puff process ... but so far we love the product and also their rice , kamut and millet puffs ! I put millet puffs on anything and baby will it it :-RRB- -RRB-
 This is not an organic product . It is described as organic puffed corn cereal , but is not in any way organic .
 not a good excuse for a morning cereal ... perhaps good for your chickens . squirels , etc. . .
 I am sorry I bought a dozen . I though I could save some money over store bought hash browns . But the onion taste and smell overpowers the dish.I dumped out half of the first batch because of the strong taste and odor of onions . Then I tried rinsing thw second batch with lots of hot water , hoping to reduce the seasoning ; but I could not reduce it.I wrote the company asking them to make available the hash browns without seasoning but have not as yet had a response from them.At the same time I bought a dozen of the Betty Crocker Cheddar Cheese dishes . I hoped we would eat one a week , but they use the same seasoning and too much of it . It was good the first time , okay the second and the third time the smell , which stunk up the whole house for a day , was outright objectional.I signed up for the automatic shipment every six months but cancelled . I think we will have these for a year or more and may give give some to charity , too .
 I was looking for the great k-cup chocolate . This is great Chocolate but is just a packet ... buy the larger container for a fraction of the price and get the same thing.pc
 I have tried and enjoyed many other fiber crackers . This one I did not like . It just had NO flavor , and no matter what I put on top of it , nothing seemed to help . However my sister liked . I would not personally recommend it . The only reason I gave it one star was because my sister liked .
 but it is not KIMCHEE soup . I see a lot of enthusiasm in reviews for this because it is vegan/cheap/not spicy but I think most of those reviewers have limited experience with Kimchee soup ; there are a variety of recipes from all over the peninsula that might have meat or fish , and rice or ramen or , as traditionally , vegetables only but it ALWAYS has loads of kimchee in the soup . Think of a cabbage soup for comparison if you are not familiar with the context . This misses the mark on that issue so I 'll get the udon version and add Sriracha paste for the heat and dress it to taste , or get the $ .88 pack of Ramen and add my own Kimchee from Amazon.Kimchi - Authentic Korean Pickled Cabbage - Fresh -LRB- 1 LB -RRB-
 It was so hot I couldn ; t eat it . I had to drink water after every spoonful . I did not like it
 It would have been better if the noodles were thinner . It tasted like clay . I like the soup part . Hmm .
 This is the worst of the annie chun 's product I have tried . I 'm not sure how this is suppose to be korean and it tastes terrible . gives bad name to korean food everywhere .
 Tastes like spicy cardboard . Really overrated product . I will not buy this again period . I do n't recommend it .
 This was the worst thing I have ever eaten . It made me sick . If I could rate this is the negative I would . I will never buy any of annie 's poison noodles again .
 I 've tried several Annie Chun 's noodle varieties and I must say ALL have been very disappointing . Based on the overall good reviews -LRB- not to mention Amazon 's good price -RRB- , I figured I 'd give this Tom Yum soup version a try . Um yeah , now I 'm pondering who among my friends would enjoy this , or rather &#34; would n't mind this too much &#34; as I bought a pack of 6 , thus 5 more sitting in my pantry giving me the evil eye . Sigh .
 I was very disappointed that this was not marked with precautions for folks who have stomach problems . This was flavored extremely hot and even burned my mouth.I 'm sure for those who like hot and spicey foods -- you will love this .
 This reminds me of dirty socks . Its a pretty gross tasting product . I knew I was taking a chance on this one ... It is not authentic and does n't even come close to real Tom Yum Kun .
 The noodles were okay , but I would rather use angle hair noodles . And the sauce was nothing more than soy sause which one can get anywhere . That is all there is to these packets , noodles and sauce.La Choy Chow Mein is 1000 % tastier .
 This is definitely the worst , most horrific imitation of pho I 've ever had . If you have eaten and enjoyed a delicious bowl of pho in a restaurant , beware . This tastes nothing like what you 're used to , or looking forward to . It stinks , and tastes overly salty and rancid , though I know it was n't , because I bought another jar of it from a shop and it was just the same . If what you 're looking for is a way to make pho at home , my suggestion is to either take the time to make the broth from scratch , or abandon the idea and go to a restaurant . This is absolutely not worth your time or money .
 The product I got was great , however it was not the Celestial Seasonings , Tea Green Lemon Zinger I orderd . What I got was Celestrial Seasonings , Herbal Tea Lemon Zinger . It was ok but im warning you , this is not green tea . Im pretty sure they stopped making it because I never see it in stores so i decided to try ordering it online , but that didnt work .
 It was my favorite tea until the damned peppermint was added . Now it 's a completely different tea ! This new tea is not satisfying at all unless of course you want to feel like you 're brushing your teeth instead of drinking tea.Celestial Seasonings really should n't claim this to be the same tea because it really is n't . That 's too bad considering it got the company started and all . I just wish there was a way to get the tea without the peppermint but it 'll probably never happen .
 I was so excited to find my old favorite tea on amazon . I have been looking for it in supermarkets for months , but thought it had been discontinued . However I wish I had listened to the earlier review . This is not the same formula as it was , the peppermint overpowers all the other flavors in this tea . It used to have a citrusy flavor , tangy and lovely , now all you can smell or taste is peppermint and I do n't like peppermint tea .
 We used to drink this all of the time - for years - then it disappeared . When I found a box I was thrilled ! Until I brewed it ... Celestial Seasonings changed the recipe and added peppermint ! Seriously ?!?! So instead of that lovely bright flavor we remember so fondly you get something that tastes like liquid chewing gum - yuck . Our family is not fond of mint teas . Guess we are back to SV Teas until CS -LRB- HOPEFULLY -RRB- change it back .
 The mint and lemon flavors are the only ones you feel and together with the others create a weird taste.I typically can eat or drink anything irrespective of how good it tastes , but I just can not drink this warm ! I tried to make iced tea with this which is bearable , because you do n't feel the taste .
 I did n't like this . It was sour as lemons , it looked like poo , and the texture reminded me of it too . HOWEVER , this is a type of product that is n't for everyone . I am not someone who likes when things are incredibly vinegary . I thought this would be a bit sweeter , though it was n't . There is still a good chance you might like it , if you are into these things .
 Was hoping this would taste good but I would of actually preferred those cheap top ramen packages over this ! -LRB- which I hate -RRB- Very over-powering flavor that tasted nothing like anything out of any good Asian restaurant.Couldn ' t even take more than one bite before tossing it . Lesson learned to just go out to eat from now on when I 'm craving Asian cuisine .
 I like a lot of products from Annie Chun 's and their noodle bowls are convenient for that quick lunchtime meal . However , this particular one tasted like the 25 cent noodle packs you bought back in college with a bunch of flavoring thrown in . The sauce was not very good either . After so many great products this one seriously disappoints . -LRB- I should say disappointed me because everyone 's taste buds are different . -RRB-
 I bought a couple of these at Whole Foods , could n't finish the first one , and threw away the second . They do not even resemble food . Ramen kicks their butt . Absolutely disgusting . Ew . Gross . Do n't waste your money the way I did !
 I have ordered Annie Chun items before to take to work for lunch and they were all pretty good . This item however was VERY salty and the sauce had an odd taste . I ended up throwing the other five packages away because no one in the house would eat them .
 I did n't like the taste or texture . I 'm a big Annie Chun 's noodle fan - I was not a fan of this product .
 I ca n't believe how bad this stuff was . I opened the noodle package and it smelled stale and awful . The dehydrated vegetables did n't hydrate in the microwave time -LRB- I even added more time -RRB- , and so I was crunching on them while trying to eat the noodles . It was not a good crunch . The saving grace was the szechuan sauce , which was good , but not good enough to cover the bad . I 'd rather have Cup Noodles than this stuff .
 Maybe the foodies in my house do n't have sophisticated enough palates to appreciate this . But we really could n't tell the difference between this and white table salt . Maybe it 's not as crunchy ? Except that when I used it for baking , it made the bread pink/flesh-colored . Yikes .
 What I was expecting were individually wrapped tea bags . They come 4 to an envelope , so once you open it the others are exposed to the air . They definitely can not be used in a public setting where no one knows who originally opened it or how long it has been open . I suppose they would be good for batch brewing at home .
 The gum tastes good but it is very hard to unwrap . The foil/paper sticks to every piece and comes off in many small bits . 4-5 weeks shipping
 got these jaw breakers and the color made them look good . but they r not . the outter body of the jawbreaker have a little flavor than the rest is just a ball of sugar . i mean straight sugar no flavor at all . you get what u pay for with these i guess .
 I thought this was a great deal when I purchased this item a few weeks ago . So far , I have opened 2 out of the 5 boxes and more than half of the cereal is crushed and not edible -LRB- unless you like it that way -RRB- . I also bought the chocolate Special K cereal and the same problem so I assume it has to do with the shipping.It 's a shame because the big bite size is rarely on sale like the small bite kind so I jumped on this price . Considering you are only getting half the cereal it turned out to be a bust .
 My experiance with this company has been nothing but bad . Placed the order on the 3rd , arrived on the 16th . Bought this product with aticipation of taste and quality but the smell of the tea and the taste -LRB- even when washed -RRB- was utterly disgusting , making lipton tea seem desirable . I highly discourage buying this item or from this company if you enjoy quality loose leaf tea . If you are just getting into it loose tea and want to try some thing different or want to use these are decoration , then these may suit you .
 This product itself is fabulous ; creamy with a good taste . However , the price plus shipping is greed , pure and simple . Shame on the seller and shame on Amazon for not policing the retailers who chose to take advantage of the consumer . BTW this comes in a plastic bag that you can seal , The problem is that the bag can split at the seams . The box was a much better package .
 Carnation has always been the American dry milk choice , but this price is way high ! Check out Nido , which is dry whole milk : Nestle Nido Milk Powder , Imported , 14-Ounce Cans -LRB- Pack of 3 -RRB- and also is a great -LRB- good fat -RRB- coffee creamer and makes awesome bread and mashed potatoes !
 Emerald Nuts Glazed Pecans , Pecan Pie , 5-Ounce Pouches -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB- Very dissappointing . They should refer to these as Pecan slices or pieces and not Pecans . In a bag I found only a few pecan halves . Slighly stale as well . Can not recommend .
 The Millstone Coffee Pods are OK . The French Roast is a little to bitter for my taste . The amount of coffee in the pods is to generous for my Senseo Deluxe . I use two pods for the mug size setting and have to manipulate the the pods to enable closing the top of the maker.The wait for delivery was to long .
 This coffee was a disappointment . It is extremely weak and even , when I use 2 pods together -LRB- as suggested in the manual -RRB- to create an `` expresso '' it still is very weak . Also , -LRB- I think though that this must be the home cafe machine -RRB- , the coffee has the taste of water .
 I love clotted cream ... in England . I have purchased Coombe Abbey Clotted Cream here in Houston , Texas , several times , but unfortunately the majority of times when I open the jar , the cream smells and tastes rancid . I wo n't buy it again until Coombe Abbey -LRB- or some other vendor -RRB- comes up with better packaging and delivery , to make sure the cream tastes good . Sorry guys , I ca n't OK this product .
 There are lots of postings out there stating that so called `` Cactus Honey '' is not honey form the bees but actually guave juice which is pretty disappointing and deceptive . Would appreciate someone can clarify this .
 I will not buy this product , because the design -LRB- Green Dragon -RRB- looks horrible.The green ugly dragon makes me feel uncomfortable.So , I will stop here and will not buy it , even I am a green tea lover .
 Although this is a negative review , you will not find a bigger fan of Celestial Seasonings tea than me , which is why this variety of tea disappointed me so . The original blend without white tea was so much better . It was a perfect balance of tartness and sweetness . This new blend , on the other hand , tastes like lawn mower clippings . I would expect that from Bigelow or Yogi tea , but not my beloved Celestial Seasonings . Although I can understand the desire for innovation , sometimes the adage holds true
 I 'm a huge fan of Celestial Seasonings . Even worked for them , years ago . Their green tea was one of my favorite non-loose varieties . Now , they 've gone and messed with it , adding white tea for `` smoothness . '' Well , if I wanted white tea , I 'd BUY white tea -LRB- and it would be silver needle organic -RRB- . Was so disappointed to get the box , and discover that the pure , lightly vegetal green tea taste was gone . Am bummed that they changed the blend , to say the least . Worst part is , the new blend does n't taste as good as Stash 's `` Fusion , '' which is also a green/white mix ... Please bring back our green tea , Celestial Seasonings !
 I have been drinking tea for years . This particular blend of green and white tea by the folks at Celestial Seasonings is quite possibly the worst cup of tea I have ever had . Green tea naturally has a grassy kind of taste to it , but it is very light and hidden behind the smooth , sweet , and slightly bitter taste the rest of the flavor produces . I love the taste of a solid green tea , however this is anything but . I do n't know what exactly went wrong with this blend of green and white , but the final product remains consistant no matter how many times I try to give CS a chance to prove it was just a bad batch I have recieved . The smoothness and slightly sweet flavor is totally gone and you are left with nothing , NOTHING but bitter grass . I am not a particularly picky tea drinker folks , I can tell you of the kind I have had which is better than the others , but I still can find enjoyment in most teas I consume . This particular brand is just totally unpleasing to the pallet in every way and there is no way I can possibly recommend you avoid it enough .
 I really can not emphasize how disappointed I am with Celestial Seasoning 's having ruined its perfectly good green tea . The company has apparently totally eliminated production of plain green tea in favor of blends with white tea . On the box it says `` with White Tea for Smooth Taste . `` Smooth taste my foot -- the white tea bitters it.Can you imagine if you 're a Folgers drinker 3 times a day for 10 years and then all of the sudden Folgers adds Essence of Municipal Garbage to its coffee ? Yeah -- that 's what celestial seasonings did to me . Thanks , guys!You forced me to go Bigelow !
 They had a classic tea and now they decided to experiment with it . I do n't like the change . Why ca n't they offer the old one as well . Maybe these other reviews are about the previous version .
 Product Amazon sent me Feb 2008 had been expired since April 2007 -LRB- ! -RRB- CS would not send me a replacement , admitting that I would probably get expired tea again if retry.Note this pattern with a lot of grocery items -- that the expiration date is never checked at all by Amazon . If you want fresh grocery items , Amazon is not the place . : -LRB-
 This decaf green , like every other brand I 've tried so far , is not green in color and is missing that light , fresh , `` green '' flavor of a good caffeinated Japanese-style tea . I 'd say it is actually a bit smoky , sort of like a Chinese-style green tea , which is not what I 'm looking for . I like smoky green teas , like Hojicha , but I do n't like that flavor in plain green tea . I 've drunk green tea my whole life and tried many kinds from restaurants , groceries and Asian markets , and this one just does n't do it for me . It was surprising given the glowing reviews at Amazon that influenced my decision to buy it . So far Stash 's decaf has been the best , but I 'll keep searching for better .
 If you are looking for something comparable to the Chai at you-know-where , skip this tea . I bought some after reading the reviews , but felt they really missed the mark . This tea should be simply called `` Cinnamon Tea '' -- that is the ONLY flavor I taste , and not at all like Chai . Imagine melted Red Hots dissolved in water , and that is about what this tea tastes like . I love Celestial Seasonings tea usually , but this one is really overpowering with the cinnamon flavor , which should be better pointed out on the box . I am going to try their India Spice tea based on other reviews , and will hopefully find something more complex like what I am looking for -LRB- and will hopefully be a nice substitute for the expensive Chai from Starbuck 's -RRB- .
 Hidden in the ingredients under `` natural flavor '' is some sort of herbal sweetener like stevia . The taste has a shocking initial sweetness followed by a nasty bitterness . Worst tea ever .
 I have no idea WHAT people are raving about . . I read all of the positive reviews only a half hour ago and thought for sure I could add to them . Now that I am back and have finished brewing a cup of this tea , I find that there has never been such an on point review ! A cup of red hots brewed in hot water is EXACTLY what this tea tastes like - I could have boiled some cinnamon sticks from the cupboard and got the same taste . Where are all of the other flavors ? Um , not here in this tea , I tell you that much ! I am NOT sure if this has anything to do with this being the decafe version , but I will NOT be buying this again . I got through the cup by adding some agave and rice milk , but I feell like I just finished a pack of wrigley 's red hot gum ... what a hot mess !
 It 's basically the cinnamon challenge in liquid form and it smells like a craft store at Christmas . Wo n't be buying this again .
 This was a big , hot cup of cinnamon-oil flavored tea . Nothing about it made me want to keep drinking it and I am very disappointed in the flavor . I completely agree with a previous review that commented about it tasting like `` Big Red '' gum . I wo n't purchase this again .
 I served these with a nice dinner -- they fluffed up well and look terrific . But no one could stand THAT much garlic in them ! Just a hint of garlic is ok but these tasted like they were BATHED in garlic ... . and they ended up in the dogs ' bowls ... but the dogs liked them , which did n't surprise me ... since they would also eat roadkill .
 I found out the hard way I was looking for a different brand of instant potatoes . This brand is horribly salty . I had to donate them to a `` food pantry '' even though I should have thrown them away to avoid making someone else sick . I am on a low sodium diet and these would of put my health in jeopardy . Not only that but they did n't even taste good . Did I mention they were `` horribly salty '' ? Too bad I bought two cases !!! The brand that I was looking for if you can find them was `` Nana 's Own '' instant mashed potatoes .
 IF YOU 'RE SOY SENSITIVE LIKE ME BE AWARE THAT THIS AND OTHER HIBISCUS TEAS BY CELESTIAL SEASONINGS HAVE SOY LECITHIN . IT MAY NOT BE LISTED ON THE WEB BUT WHEN YOU GET IT IN THE MAIL AND READ THE INGREDIENTS ON THE BOX THERE IT IS , SOY LECITHIN . SOY LECITHIN DOES N'T MAKE ME ITCH AS MUCH AS SOYBEAN OIL OR SOY PROTEIN BUT IF I WANT TO GET AN ITCH FREE GOOD NIGHT 'S SLEEP I STAY CLEAR OF IT .
 I bought this tea and I did not enjoy it . I like this brand a lot but for whatever reason the teas labeled as `` Zinger '' have a strange tart taste to them . They kind of taste like they have artificial sugar added to them . I have no idea what Zinger means and I could n't find much information on it.I notice a big difference in flavor for the teas that do n't say Zinger . I enjoyed the country peach passion and true blueberry from this brand . I would not recommend the Zinger teas .
 Buyer beware . Read COMPLETELY when and what you are getting and how much it is . Very confusing and Amazon does not help when the hassle arrives . The Flying Noodle ca n't be trusted either for their 100 % satisfaction guarantee . Do n't expect much when the cheese does not arrive . Even if they send you a notice it has shipped they find a reason to look good to Amazon in their correspondence . Ca n't tell you how the cheese tastes because it never came !
 I ordered the Cr&egrave;me Savers '' * Raspberry & Cr&egrave;me * '' candies and received Strawberries & Cr&egrave;me instead . -LRB- 1 -RRB- I do not like the Strawberries & Cr&egrave;me flavor , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- I can buy them at numerous local stores . I can not find the Raspberries & Cr&egrave;me flavor , and so I ordered them -LRB- and waited for delivery -RRB- online . What a disappointment ! And now I find I ca n't return them , even though they 're unopened . I guess I hand them out to the local kids and try to find another source for the flavor * I * want .
 This product is probably good for one but by itself it tastes dreadful . For me , I can only use it by sprinkling some into soup .
 I ordered this product on May 3 , 2010 and figured that like all products I order it would be here within a week . Yesterday I received an email telling me that the product will not be shipped until May 17 and will not be at my door until May 24 . And yet it 's taken them over a week to even inform me of this . Bad business practice if you ask me.First , I LOVE this tea . Best green tea you can buy . I have nothing but rave reviews about the tea . Sadly , due to the name and people thinking it 's a ` Mexican ' brand of tea it was not a big seller in area stores and everyone stopped carrying it . I have had to find a place online to order . Well , I can say that the next time I have to order I will be finding someone else to get it through.I 'm very disappointed in the shipping . : -LRB-
 I tried to order Sesmark rice crackers , but they were out so Amazon suggested me this brand instead , they are tasteless and terrible . I would not take them even if they are for free .
 I had to stop eating this meal because it smelled so bad . I am not one to turn down food either .
 Eclipse is a rather lame sugarless gum and has a rather rubbery consistency . I have chewed through several packs of different Eclipse flavors and this gum just does n't do it for me . The pieces are kind of small so I chew two at a time and the flavor lasts all of five seconds leaving you with just this rubbery , not very fun to chew gum in your mouth.I think Cinnamon is probably the best of the lot because it has a short fiery sweet burst when you first chew it that disappears very quickly.I probably will try other brands of sugarless gum . Eclipse just does n't do it for me .
 My husband and I both like wasabi but . . we do n't care for these crackers at all . The flavouring is a dusting on the cracker and it does have bite but to me it seems like a bitter non food chemical bite . Not like the wasabi we know .
 I wish I new this tasted like Black Liquerish * -LRB- Spelling ? -RRB- before I bought 24 packs of this flavor . Damn ! By the way , 24 packs for $ 18 -LRB- $ .75 Each -RRB- is actually not worth it . I noticed the price a 3-pack of eclipse at the supermarket costs $ 1.69 -LRB- $ .56 Each -RRB- . So it turns out I overpaid for crappy gum and I 'm stuck with it .
 Started using whey protein as a dietary supplement when I got serious about exercising 6 months ago . Have been using the stuff you can get a Wal-Mart or Target , figured I could get a better deal on Amazon . I 've been on a low-carb diet , been pretty pleased with the stuff I 've previously gotten - avg about 8g a serving . Well , this stuff tops out at 77g per ! My fault I guess , for not consulting the nutritional info more closely before I ordered ... guess is figured whey protein is pretty much whey protein , and how different could they be . Make no mistake - this stuff if for people who seriously want to pack on size & muscle , which I did n't want either . I guess what irritated me the most was the mention of ` Lean Body ' in the name ... why would you name your product that if it 's supposed to help you GAIN weight ?? Guess I 'll go back to my ` Body Fortress ' stuff from Wal-Mart - thanks for nothing Labrada !
 Eclipse is a rather lame sugarless gum and has a rather rubbery consistency . I have chewed through several packs of different Eclipse flavors and this gum just does n't do it for me . The pieces are kind of small so I chew two at a time and the flavor lasts all of five seconds leaving you with just this rubbery , not very fun to chew gum in your mouth.If you like Spearmint the very short lived flavor is pretty good but it disappears too fast to enjoy it.I probably will try other brands of sugarless gum . Eclipse just does n't do it for me .
 UPDATEI wrote an excellent review previously for these mushrooms and did feel they were a great value . Ordered these in August and immediately put them in quart jars and sealed them up . I have been using them , gave away about half of them and today about 3 months later went to get a supply to use in some soup and found BUGS IN TWO OF THREE REMAING JARS.I hunt wild mushrooms as a hobby and there is always a litte extra ` protien ' in those mushrooms , but after drying they should be long dead.These BUGS seem to come from the gills of the shrooms and leave a powder like residue . They are quite small but there are thousands of them.I am not sure how to let Amazon know about this problem , so I hope they read the updates.Also those of you that have them check your storage containers , yours may be OK and since not all of mine have Bugs , maybe there were only a few initially in the order that were infestec.I would still give this product a couple stars ... I 'm sure the little critters are not harmful , just are not pretty to see.FIRST REVIEWSince these Shiitake mushrooms seemed a great value , I thought I would stock up and ordered two pounds . Well , that turns out to be a lot of mushrooms , One pound equals about 5 + quarts of dried mushrooms , packed tight but not broken.The shiitake 's range from medium to large size , with some larger than I expected . All in all it was a good selection of various size and they all look quite nice.They come packed in a sealed plastic bag that shipped well , so I 'm not quite sure what the concern related to pachaging by a previous reviewer was based upon . You could not re seal the original bag , and I would not expect to do so , but transfering to zip lock bags or quart jars as I did works well . I store other mushrooms in glass quart jars as well and this method keeps them dry on your pantry shelf . I would suggest you order these if you enjoy Shiitake Mushrooms in your stir fry and soups.Great Value
 I gave these several gos at re-hydrating . I agree with another reviewer that they are rubbery and tasteless . Finally binned the whole lot .
 I was delighted to have dried mushrooms that I could use for cooking . They tasted like rubber ... tough and awful . This is the first bad review I 've ever written . But wanted to save the consumer . -LRB- It was too much trouble to find more packaging and pay to ship them back.I guess we learn as we go . Good luck to all !
 Photo of the cake looks good and I was happy I can send a choco cake to someone really far away from me.I called store to make sure they can deliver item on time -LRB- about a week -RRB- . I kept on checking the delivery tracking because I was concerned it might not arrive on time . It did not arrive on time . In fact it didnt arrive at all . Very very disappointed . I ended up sending a gift card .
 I got my order on time and with everything I asked for , but one of the bags was punctured and some of the contents coated a lot of the rest of the bags . Messy and disappointing since when I pay for something I expect to get all of it in good condition . Unfortunately , I live overseas and ordered this product when I was back in the U.S. I did not have the time to pursue this matter further .
 I will never order this product again from Amazon . I mean , our daughter loves this formula , and it 's very useful when you are n't home and need to feed your baby . Unfortunately during the shipment they broke at least 10 bottles , and I found a mess inside the box . I suppose they should use a special packaging for it .
 CHECK OUT THE PRICE OUT SIDE YOU COULD GET IT FOR 6.99 PER BOX . HERE I ENDED UP PAYING 7.81 DEFINATELY NOT A DEAL . SORRY .
 Bringing baby home from the hospital we thought we 'd get a pack of these so we did n't have to make bottles right away . The `` nipples not included '' is not obvious on the packaging . The hospital had pre-sterilized nipples in packages . I wrongly assumed it was the same as these . What 's the point ???
 I read in a review that if you are on a blood thinner , that this tea is not good for you . What does it do that makes it unhealthy ? , thin the blood more ? It did n't seem to affect my protime , but I 'm concerned .
 This product is usually great , but with this order the flavor of the tea was very weak . There was no aroma when it is brewing .
 I expected to like this tea because I love the flavors of hazelnut and vanilla , but I am disappointed with the flavor of this tea and even `` doctoring it up '' with sugar and milk does n't make it appealing to me .
 Boy , had I been excited to hear about this tea . Convincing myself that it was a method to enjoy my favorite flavor , hazelnut , I was eager to try it.So when I at last found it in a local store , I profusely thanked the clerk and rushed home to try it . I had obtained victory.Trying it with water and then just milk -LRB- for a faux-coffee experience ! -RRB- I finished both cups . But I did not fully enjoy my long-awaited purchase . It really did not taste like hazelnut.The overriding flavor was as if somebody had squirted a large helping of honey into my teacup and expected it to pass muster . It does n't taste like much of anything.Prefering to drink my tea straight , I was upset that the company did not consider different desert palates in product formulation.Even if they were trying to market it as a ` sweet treat ' allowing us to self-adjust our desired level of sweetness is critical to product success . I suspect this is why the product is not stocked at many of my local health food stores.If you want a candy-drink , this might be a good tea for you . If you are looking for something you can make a coffee-tea with -LRB- including iced -RRB- stick with Roastaroma , and always use mik !
 I bought a six pack , thinking that I love normally love any beverage with vanilla and/or hazelnut . This tea does n't taste anything like hazelnut , and not much like vanilla . It 's just gross . I made it twice , and dumped both cups out .
 While in China , I had everything from the cheap tea to the much more expensive high quality leaves . This tea is n't even on the scale , as it appears the quality is below what people in China would buy for the cheapest price at a local supermarket . To begin with , the tea is chopped or broken up into something resembling large flakes of fish food . -LRB- Note
 I ordered this and took it to work to share with my Chinese co worker who drinks green tea all day , she said its fake and that its not the good stuff . It does not taste that great and looks different than the picture shows .
 The review by `` Small Stuffed Monkey '' appeared just a few days after I placed my order for this tea ... too late to cancel my order . When I read it , I was hoping his critical comments would prove to be simply wrong , or at least too harsh . But in fact they are right on target . First , he is correct that the tea itself does not look at all like the image on the webpage -LRB- it does n't consist of what looks like rolled leaves , but rather is in tiny flakes -RRB- . Most importantly , he is right about the flavor . There is practically none ; and the flavor that is there is stale , dull . It is the most insipid green tea I have ever drunk -LRB- and I have drunk many kinds , from China , Japan , Sri Lanka , etc. -RRB- ; but in light of the off-putting nature of the flavor , I was actually glad there was not more of it . This tea might , in light of its price , look like a bargain ; instead , it is exactly the opposite ... a complete waste of money .
 These looked wonderful and were a birthday present for a close friend . When they came the foil was all stuck to the candy . We tried to unwrap a couple and it made a bigger mess with the paper sticking terribly to the candy . In the end we were able to taste the tiniest piece which just made us more disappointed and angry since it was delicious . We would never order these again or do business with this company . And living in Florida was not the problem since we paid BIG prices for the candy and shipping , it was not hot and the package was literally put in our hands from the truck , so it did n't sit outside . Big Big disappointment .
 The picture and description is NOT accurate for this product as the shipped package replaces Cranberry Apple and Tangerine Orange with Wild Berry and True Blueberry !
 The `` most critical '' review says : Do not buy for the Cranberry Apple and Tangerine Orange!The picture and description is NOT accurate for this product as the shipped package replaces Cranberry Apple and Tangerine Orange with Wild Berry and True Blueberry ! - - - A few years back I bought a box of 6 packages of the Fruit Tea Sampler and it was different . As stated above , they have now replaced two of the flavors with cheaper fare . I looked at the graphic before ordering a few days ago and it said 18 tea bags . I wondered how they could do this . What I got before was 5 flavors , 4 tea bags each . Yes , 5 times 4 = 20 . How did they get 5 flavors and only 18 tea bags ? Well , I found out today when I received the package , the obvious fact being that two of the flavors only have 3 tea bags , being two of the better flavors , Raspberry Zinger and Country Peach Passion . Doh !
 I was looking forward to try cranberry apple flavor but when I received my samples the boxes contained blueberry and mixed berry flavors instead of cranberry apple and tangerine orange . Quite disappointing .
 The Fruit Sampler Tea was a big disappointment -- more than a year past the freshness date ! I 'm a new Amazon customer and did n't realize that this is the type of product they sell .
 I did not enjoy a single one of these flavors as hot tea . They seemed way to sweet and too strong of a flavor even in a large mug . Cold they are better but not great . To me it almost had a watered down kool-aid taste to it . So maybe a good choice if you 're looking for a healthy alternative that kids will enjoy drinking . Other than that , I would not recommend .
 I bought this sampler specifically because I already love the cranberry-apple flavor and thought I would like the others too . Well , the package I received did not include the cranberry-apple -LRB- as listed in the product description -RRB- and it also did not include the tangerine flavor which I was looking forward to trying . Instead it has blueberry and wild berry , both flavors that I 'm not excited about . I have tried a few of the flavors and they are pretty strong , fake fruit taste which is not what I was going for . In the future I am going to stick to the cranberry-apple , which is delicious .
 The chips came quickly and they were fresh , but they really need more garlic and onion flavoring . I probably wo n't order this again .
 I found the flavor to be flat , and almost tasteless . I would recommend the manufacturer add more flavor to their recipe . Crunch appeal was good
 I love this brand of teas but this version is more of a spice tea than a sweet tea . Not my cup of tea ! But if you like spicy teas then this is for you .
 Nice spicy tea -- but I wanted a chocolate caramel tea ! Ca n't taste any chocolate and the bit of caramel flavor is drowned out by the strong spiciness . I wo n't buy this flavor again .
 This is not a flavored white tea but a blend with green tea and chamomile . Here are the ingredients -LRB- the word organic appears before each ingredient on the box -RRB-
 I was planning to get the English Breakfast , but instead got the Morning Thunder somehow . The tea is OK , but it seems to brew too strong -LRB- strong flavored -RRB- for my liking . Definitely not a `` bad '' tea , but not one for my taste .
 The name is different from the taste , this tea taste mostly cinnamon not the orange spice tea I 'm use to . I purchase other orange spice teas , I can taste the orange flavor . This tea should be call cinnamon tea .
 I am very disappointed with this tea . It says green tea , but does n't taste like green tea . I think the white tea overwhelmed the green tea . Tastes like sweetened water with some lemon flavor . Also says it contains caffeine , does n't say how much , ca n't feel any of the caffeine .
 I ca n't taste green tea nor ginseng in this tea bag . I would recommend Lipton Honey Lemon Ginseng to someone who enjoy green tea and ginseng flavor and extra boost of energy . Stay away from this product ! I would not buying this product again .
 Warning
 first off this company is a joke . they sell expired tea . look at the back of your tea and see how it is expried . mine was expired in 2003 I bought in 2007 . stale to say the least . They are crooks and trying to make a fast buck off Japanese culture . I am insulted to say the least.I filed with amazon and reported them to the better business burough.Would you serve your kids a 5 year old bag of chips ? how about a five year old box of mac and cheese ? this stuff will make you sick!They are the rudest people around and DO NOT SUPPORT THEM !! if you have any respect for Japanese culture you will boycott this company !!! no way will what you get even look remotely what is in the picture ! they are a non successful company selling trash !!! Old stock and instead of keeping fresh stock the peddle out olld stock at a high fresh price !! BOYCOTT THEM !!!
 This tea has no flavor whatsoever . If you boil water and pour it into a cup it would taste the same with or without adding this tea bag . Try Salada White tea bags if you want delicious flavor . If I could give this 0 stars I would .
 I bought this based on it 's many good reviews since I 've tried and enjoyed many rooibos teas . To my dismay , other reviewers tastes and mine do _ not _ agree . I found this tea to be almost tastless , no real vanilla flavor that I can discern . I even tried using two bags and it did n't help.Adding milk and sugar just made for a mug of sweet-tasting slightly tea-flavored hot water ... quite unappealing . Like another reviewer , I also noticed the slight `` good tobacco '' odor when I opened the box , very weird for a tea .
 I like many of the CS teas , but this one is bland to my taste .
 After reading the review by `` That Chatty Gal '' I have to agree with her . I really wanted to like this tea . What 's better than Madagascar Vanilla and Tea ? I love both so this seemed like a wonderful choice . Unfortunately for me , the tea smelled like tobacco -LRB- good tobacco if that matters ! -RRB- but had a syrupy sweet taste and no real depth of flavor . I also tried it with soymilk , honey , sugar , milk , and both cold and iced . Still , I was unable to even drink one cup because I just did n't find this to be a pleasant experience . I used about half of the box trying to make it work , but it did n't . On the other hand , my children really enjoy this tea so I think this is one of the teas that you either love or hate . As for me , I 'll stick with Celestial Seasonings Chai teas if I 'm in the mood for a sweet tea with milk and sugar .
 I wanted to love this tea . The reviews here were so motivating . I was seeking a tea I could drink daily with no caffeine , that also would not upset my sensitive stomach . Rooibos sounded like the answer . However , I absolutely am repulsed by the smell -LRB- both out of the box and after tea is infused -RRB- , as well as by the taste and after-taste . I wish I loved it - I love the benefits it is supposed to have for health - but I loathe drinking it . I tried it -LRB- 1 -RRB- straight and hot -LRB- 2 -RRB- with sugar -LRB- 3 -RRB- with sugar and milk . All were horrible . It tastes strangely fruity - but there is an earthy taste that I just ca n't place that rises up and fills your senses . The aftertaste is like an artificial fruity taste , maybe artificial vanilla . Oh my it is awful . The color is quite pretty - it looks like a cup of pumpkin pie when you add milk - but I just ca n't down this beverage . Maybe if you like herbals as a rule that are fruity - you will like this beverage . I on the other hand love the flavor of black or green teas . I tolerate the taste of chamomile and peppermint . But this is just too much to ask . No rooibos for me . Sorry !
 Tried rooibos tea recently and loved it . Nearly drank my parents ' entire supply while I was visiting over the holidays -LRB- sorry mom and dad -RRB- ! So far locally this Madagascar Vanilla Red is the only rooibos tea I could find . Well I 'm sorry to say I 'll have to keep looking . I 'm even sorrier I bought two boxes . Not only is there no rooibos taste , there is no vanilla taste , and in fact not much of a taste at all . Celestial Seasonings is my brand of choice , but they have disappointed here .
 I love tea . I was so excited to try this , because of health benefits , as well as the supposedly delicious taste . I bought the whole case with the intention of enjoying some myself and giving some as presents . The reviews were so positive , and I thought the vanilla would have to make it wonderful no matter what . But , I was wrong . To my taste , this tea is awful . It 's nearly tasteless -LRB- which I do not consider a benefit in tea -RRB- , but what I did taste was n't very nice . After one cup , I threw away the box I 'd opened and put the unopened boxes where people could take them if they wanted . I would n't have given it to anyone as a gift .
 I TRIED THE RED BUSH POMENGRANITE AND IT WAS QUITE AWESOME . FULL OF FLAVOR BUT NOT THIS TEA I HAVE PUT TWO BAGS AND LET IT SIT FOR 20 MINUTES AND IT STILL LACKS TASTE ON THE FRONT END . YOU CATCH THE VANILLA ON THE BACK AND IT IS VERY SUBTLE TO THE POINT OF WHERE IS THE TASTE ? I AM DRINKING IT AS I WRITE THIS AND STILL FIND THAT RED BUSH TEA HAS VERY LITTLE REAL FLAVOR . FOR PEOPLE WHO ARE USED TO BLACK TEA OR EXPRESSO IT WOULD BE A JOKE . I ONLY DRINK HERBAL TEAS BUT I WOULD SUGGEST YOU TRY ANY OTHER FLAVOR . THE BENGAL SPICE AND POMEGRANITE ARE EXCELLENT . I HAVE TO DESCRIBE THE TASTE IS SORT OF A LIGHT TOBACCO TASTE -LRB- NOT A SMOKER -RRB- WITH VERY MILD VANILLA AND LACKLUSTER FLAT TASTE -LRB- PLAIN OR WATER DOWNED -RRB- BASE EVEN THOUGH THE COLOR IS DEEP RICH AND RED . I LIKE THE HEALTH BENEFITS AND WILL KEEP BUYING RED BUSH BUT NOT THIS FLAVOR .
 I love tea , drink A LOT of it , and just really can not stand this Vanilla Red tea . It has a soapy or waxy component to the taste for me . Perhaps it 's the flavoring or perhaps it 's the red tea , but I can not tolerate the tea at all .
 Do n't trust these people to be competent enough to deliver the flavor tea you ordered . They sent me the wrong flavor . Screw them if they ca n't do something that simple .
 I ordered this tea as a gift hoping to get Gogi berry pomegranate tea as is represented in the product image . I was sorely disappointed to receive only pomegranate tea . While this may seem like a slight difference , the recipient of the gift was highly disappointed .
 I was looking for a very full-flavored rose tea . I drink a lot of Celestial Seasonings , so I was excited when this came out . I was disapponted , however , in the lack of rose fragrance or flavor . It tastes more like spice tea , with only the lightest hint of vanilla and no discernable rose flavor . If I had blind-tested the tea , I would have said I like it . But since I expected roses , it was a disappointment .
 I purchased this bottle of oil to try something different over the `` Mustapha 's '' brand . However , the product appears to be MORE expensive -LRB- but has lower shipping -RRB- but it is NOT as good . It is cheaply packaged and does n't taste as nice and nutty as does the Mustapha 's brand . This one tastes oily and has less of a scent than the other .
 Argan oil is often mixed with other oils to create commercial and personal products that are great for skin , hair and nails . Had I known of this oil 's almost nauseatingly heavy scent , I would n't have purchased it . I 've since mixed it with several less fragrant -LRB- including unscented mineral , vitamin A & E -RRB- oils but it seems to have made no difference.I can not comment on its use in flavoring foods as I did n't purchase it for that purpose . The merchant I purchased this from earned a 5-star review -- my feelings about the product are n't their responsibility .
 I ordered this and had alredy bought a professional slicer to slice it . It was a joke when it came to taste and texture . Poor processing or poor recipe !! I would never buy their product again .
 Every single candy in every single bag was a sticky mess , inside and outside the wrappers . Will never buy from this vendor again !!!
 This is not extra firm . It is absolutely very soft . It is a waste since I can not return it , I will have to discard it . It is a total miss representation of a product . I am very disappointed . I would like to know why can It be returned . I use one box and have no intention to touch the others .
 This Mori-Nu Extra Firm Tofu comes in a very firm brick , which is not so good for smoothies and dips . Extra Firm is more for stir frys , etc. . Also , you get a BIG box of 12 bricks , so that is a challenge to use up before the expiration date . On the plus side , the quality is excellent .
 For my purposes , this tofu just does n't work . I like to drain my tofu , slice it , marinate it , and then bake it -LRB- for use as part of a stir-fry . -RRB- This particular type of tofu , however , is true to the `` silken '' variety . If I were using it as part of a recipe that did n't require firmness as part of the equation , I 'm sure it would be fine . However , you have to be EXTRA cautious when handling the tofu because it is `` silken '' -LRB- and therefore a ton more fragile . -RRB- In addition , if baked , it produces a very unappetizing , rubbery texture . I did n't hate it , but I definitely wo n't be buying it again .
 I had this particular brand of Haggis before and my husband and I really enjoyed it . I was so happy to find it again on-line . I ordered four cans for him for Christmas and he was thrilled to get it . Looking forward to some good dinners in the coming year .
 As a Scot who 's been brought up on haggis and other such Scottish delights , I can only say this product is seriously below par.It 's greasy , heavy and grey.The only haggis anyone should be eating is either ` MacSween ' or a fresh from the butcher product . Better still , go to Scotland if you want the real thing.If this was your first experience of what can be an incredibly delicious dish , with neeps and tatties , then I 'd suggest you erase it from memory and keep an open mind - if you get the chance to eat the real thing you may actually decide you like it.This one however , just horrendous .
 This is , simply put , too salty . Even if used sparingly there 's no heat to it , just saltiness . I wo n't be buying this again .
 THE MUSHROOMS ARE HUGE , AND DO COME IN A LARGE JAR , BUT MINE WAS ONLY 2/3 FULL.TO USE , TAKE OUT 1 OR 2 MUSHROOMS , SLICE THEM TO SIZE WANTED -LRB- REMEMBERING THEY WILL SWELL UP -RRB- AND REHYDRATE THEM IN COLD WATER.THEY ARE AN ODDITY , AND HANDY , BUT QU9TE EXPENSIVE , AS COMPARED TO THE CANS OF SLICED MUSHROOMS .
 They are great to look at . Beyond that ... Eww ! Them smell when you open the container is odd . I soaked some for chopping for pizza . While soaking them , my entire house was engulfed in this horrible smell . Thinking this was normal , as I have never used dried mushrooms before , I went ahead and used them in my recipes and had to throw the entire thing away . It tasted like the odor that was whafting through my house .
 I have just found out today that the gelatin in this product is coming from pork . I do not know why they would add gelatin in the first place . DHA from fish oil is fine , but the lady that answered my phone told me that all DHA Gerber baby food items have pork gelatin . Do infants need gelatin at this age ?
 I do n't understand why they need to add pig fats in it . Had to give it away as it is not halal . Muslims beware .
 I used to buy Gerber baby foods and was thrilled when they started carrying organic foods . Then I discovered that they add gelatin ! Why ? It is disgusting and has absolutely no nutritional value . I will not be buying Gerber products again . Earth 's Best is actually organic .
 My baby likes the mac n cheese in the jars . So , when I could n't find the jars at the store I was at , I tried these mac n cheeses thinking they were the same . They are not . She does n't like these . Maybe it is a texture issue mainly as these are much runnier than the jar kind . Looking for more mac n cheese jars .
 Do not buy product contain gelatin . Gelatin in baby food ??? Why gerber ??? , Do not buy if you follow vegetarian or kosher/Halal regime .
 I love Gerber organic products like this which combine veggies and/or fruits . I bought one of the `` Farmers Market '' from the regular grocery store to make sure my 8 month old liked it , which he did . I bought a case from Amazon , but the consistency was like soup , very runny unlike the one I bought from the store . Heating it up made it worse . Maybe it was a fluke , but the second case from Amazon ordered a few months later had the same problem .
 I would n't say my twins are picky eater , but they would n't eat this one . They eat just about every Gerber 's organics .
 I have just found out today that the gelatin in this product is coming from pork . I do not know why they would add gelatin in the first place . DHA from fish oil is fine , but the lady who answered my phone told me that all DHA Gerber baby food items have pork gelatin . Do infants need gelatin at this age ?
 I liked these tubs for a few months and then realized that they contain fish oil and gelatin . Why put these products in a VEGETARION seeming food ? Beware ! I 'm going to review all of Gerber 's products carefully now . Totally dissapointed with Gerber .
 Seriously , how does a baby cereal touted as a good choice as a first baby food contain these big NO-NO ingredients ?! How can it be labeled as `` single grain '' ? There 's no reason `` oat flour '' should contain wheat ... I bought this thinking I could avoid supplementing with probiotics & dha ... should have read more closely before purchasing . . Forget it , I 'm going back to simply grinding up my own oatmeal . . sick of over paying for ` baby ' cereal anyways ...
 I gave this to my baby thinking the DHA and probiotic aspects were a plus . In theory , they are.We originally started with another brand 's organic rice cereal . It listed only a few ingredients
 I switched from the box cereal to this particular kind thinking it was better and it made my son have diarrhea !!!! I 'm switching back to the box cereal .
 Unfortunately , Gerber is using tuna oil as a source of DHA . This is very bad for the environment - tuna is severely over-fished and people should not really be eating tuna at all . They should switch to a plant - or algae-based source of DHA . Until then , I suggest that you avoid this product if you care about the environment . By the way , a fish-based source of DHA does have a higher chance of being contaminated by toxic chemicals like mercury . This is one of the reasons why people seeking higher DHA levels in their diet have switched to plant-based sources such as flaxseed oil .
 My baby really did not like eating this . I got this for the DHA thinking it would be so refined it would n't taste fishy . Well , my son usually takes regular rice cereal fine . I fed him this and at first he would gag and most if it came right back out . I tasted it and holy crap is it gross . It definitely has essence of fish . I tried his other rice cereal before too . It was just bland , rice cereal . This was just disgusting . Although , it might not be the taste that 's making him gag . This stuff has a seriously weird texture . It must be the gelatin . It was really frustrating to me to mix up . I 'd get it to what I thought was a good consistency and a few minutes later it would turn into this runny mess , sort of like paste . Awful ! I threw the rest of the can away and went back to the regular stuff .
 As a previous reader commented this product does have gelatin in it . I called and Gerber said the source of the gelatin is pork .
 My sweet 6 month old might have food allergies - he 's thrown this up about three times now -LRB- last time I 'll try with this . -RRB- He 's been exclusively breastfed until now , and I 've introduced sweet potato , pears , applesauce , squash , carrots and mixed veggies with no drama . I 've noticed that this ceral not only contains rice , but soy , tuna , and pork-based gelatin . Going to a pediatric allergist tomorrow to check out what 's going on . Poor baby ! Would love to hear if anyone else has a similar story .
 First of all , I have major issues with children 's snacks that are so full of sodium.I have to admit , my son loves these . What is not so great is the two or three days of garlic breath I have to endure afterwards . Was it so necessary to add garlic salt to a toddler snack ?
 Thank you Gerber , for helping us get our kids off to the right start ! Why should we parents take the time to prepare healthy snacks for our children and teach them to like REAL food , when you have Baby Cheetos in a can for them to enjoy ? One-third of America 's children being overweight or obese simply is n't enough -- we need to strive for more . America 's kids need to learn to fill up on empty calories and eat for boredom , not hunger , starting at a year old or younger ! And thank goodness this product `` tastes good '' -- because that 's all that matters , right ?
 Great in theory ... healthy , organic , etc. ... however , this product does not dissolve in babies mouth NOR in Mommy 's mouth . My child , 7 months old , put one in his mouth , he has two teeth , tried to bite it , it did not break ... he then sucked one for about 2 minutes then ... just like a kid ... placed another in his mouth . Reminding you , the reader , I was right there when this happened ... he began to choke ! I lifted him out of his highchair , turned him around , did the Heimlich maneuver on him ... he blew one out and then I pulled the first apple wagon out of his mouth . On a lighter note , he 's fine , prefers the puffs and whole grain cereal ... but the dog could n't even chew these !!! We do , however , have friends , with a baby girl ... same age ... and she loves these !!! Happy Baby Gluten-Free Organic Puffs , Sweet Potato Puffs , 2.1-Ounce Containers -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB-
 MY DD has trouble with solid foods but loves the puffs . I ordered this to get some variety from the standard gerber puffs / sticks . Unfortunately I ordered a pack of six thinking that these would have a similar texture to the other snacks . These snacks are hard for ME to chew and actually cut the roof of my husbands mouth when he tried them . At first we thought it was just a bad canister , but when we opened the next canister ... same issue.IF your child is to the point where they can chew these ... they certainly are not in a stage where they need puffs anymore!Would not recommend .
 Gerber has an amazing line of products for babies and toddlers , but this product is a miss . The Wagon Wheels are extremely hard . They do not dissolve at all in the mouth . I had hoped they would be similar to the puffs Gerber makes -LRB- only larger -RRB- , but they are nothing like them . We had to toss these . I was scared my child would hurt her teeth or choke .
 Compr&eacute; este producto cuando mi bebe tenia 11 meses . Son sumamente duras . Aun mas grande no las quiso y el sabor es muy pobre .
 My 10-month old loves these ! They are helpful to teach him how to eat and relieve pain from teething , too . Look around for a better price
 I bought these for my almost 9 month old twins . I was totally shocked by how hard these wagon wheels were . I bought them thinking they would be like there other products , soft and safe to eat . While I can break them up into little pieces to eat that defeats the purpose I could just give Cheerios for a fraction of the price . I have to say i dont feel comfortable giving them a whole one to eat , they put in there months and they take forever to dissolve . Big miss on Gerbers part for these items .
 My daughter chews/bites almost everything . But this snack is pretty hard to bite . The size of the wagon wheel is so big that it just goes entirely in her mouth that she can hardly chew . The texture is like that of a hard pita chip . Unless your crawler has all the teeth , I am sure he/she would not be able to eat this.The taste is also not that great compared to puffs and maple cinnamon crunchies .
 My daughter , nearly 16 months old , nearly choked to death on these . She has had them many times before , but one got lodged in her throat and it quickly turned into an emergency . I never expected this from a product that is supposed to break up and is recommended for crawlers and babies as young as 6 months . Thank God my husband is an EMT and was here .
 I personally do n't like these . My daughter tries to shove the whole wagon wheel in her mouth and then proceed to choke on them . She 's 1 , so its not like she ca n't chew . My daughter apparently does n't like biting things and would rather just shove the whole cookie in her mouth . For that reason , I wo n't buy any more . I have to constantly pry them out of her mouth .
 As much as I love the Chocovic Guaranda , I hate the Ocumare - it has a dirt-like taste .
 I really hate this product and now do n't know how to get rid of it . I apologize for not being able to explain how sickening this product tastes but it 's truly gross ! Yuck ! Yuck ! Yuck !
 I ordered this product based on Nutrition Facts posted on the website . The facts on the packages are different - specifically : Calories - Web 120 / Package 130Total Fat - Web 4g / Package 6gDietary Fiber - Web 5g / Package 2gI 'm very disappointed by the discrepancy between the web presentation and the actual product .
 Pretty salty , BBQ seasoning is very messy and has settled during shipping . Very hard to close the resealable bags .
 So disappointed with this product . Bought it online because I thought it would taste high end homemade . It is going out to the troops in Afghanistan and I wanted them to have a taste of home for the holidays . Unfortunately , I found I could 've saved money and just bought Crunch N ' Munch . This product has a bunch of un-popped kernels per bag ; not randomly -LRB- which would also be bad -RRB- but at least 3 to 4 kernels per bag . I thought they would put their product through more rigorous standards of quality , but i see that is not a concern with this vendor .
 I believe gerber may have mixed apricots with the peaches . It now has a sour after taste and my son hates it .
 I ordered the wrong size pods . I need pods that will fit my Breville . I need to exchange the pods I received . I have emailed 3 requests to the Seller to no avail . Please give me the return info to return them to you . I am very dissatisfied with this order.Please respond , Gary Gerlitz
 I grew up in Hawaii drinking Hawaiian Coffee . I have a Handpresso , either it does n't work well with it or this coffee is too light , I ca n't get it like I get Starbucks Pods . Had to return it , my girl friend refuse to drink it .
 not happy with the flavor of these expensive pods ... prefer Lavazza Gran Crema Espresso Pods over these , and they are WAY cheaper .
 You would think a soda that has been established since 1937 might have an idea about what tastes good . Since 1937 , man ? If you can possibly get past the bubblegum buttjuice flavor -LRB- as Jimmy so eloquently put it -RRB- there is still the aftertaste . The aftertaste lingers long enough to remind you what a serious beverage-mistake you made . I did n't even know there was such a thing as a beverage-mistake . I honestly feel Diet Big Red is a hate group that offends everyone .
 Congratulations Big Red ! You have created the worst tasting beverage in the long and glorious history of soda ! Forever my brain will cringe at the thought of bubble gum butt juice . I 'm probably going to need some PTSD therapy from the terrible experience I had from drinking this horrible concoction . All thanks to Daniel Storey for recommending this garbage to me ... -LRB- sarcasm -RRB- ...
 I did NOT purchase these because they have NO described Quantity , and no photo to go by.Description reads ONE.Item is called Hearts -LRB- plual -RRB- , but How many at this price ? Please correct this.Chef Chris Johnson
 I 've used three pods so far to see if it was something I 'm doing , but it 's not . The espresso is just weak . I 'm going back to using ground Starbucks espresso .
 A little too earthy for my taste . I think I 'll try something else next time . This product has a somewhat bitter quality to it .
 I would rather spend the time and effort for a better flavor . The Pods are individually sealed , and easy to use . The flavor is not great at all .
 Just got my coffee , I will use it as an emergency supply , when my every day coffee -LRB- from local roaster -RRB- runs out.I tasted it this morning , very disappointed . I taste like cardboard/old/vented coffee ... I expected much better from Lavazza.Maybe the lot I got is a old one ... Who know , wo n't buy it again .
 The Lavazza Gran Crema pods are fine if you 're not too fussed about good coffee , or if you 're using them for latte or other milk drinks.My main issue with these was how they came from the seller.The product description clearly states that the pods come in a `` 20 pack box '' - this was important to me as I keep my pods on the bench in their display boxes.Instead , my 20 pods came loose in a zip lock bag and each one was clearly marked - not for individual sale.The seller obviously buys these in bulk and then on-sells them for a larger profit - very dodgy .
 I have been looking for a replacement for Starbuck 's discontinued pods . This one is n't it ... tastes like plain ol' coffee , not expresso .
 I bought these pods to use with my existing espresso machine . I 've seen the LavAzza brand at several coffee shops and thought I 'd give it a try . For someone who enjoys strong cappuccinos and lattes , I found these pods to make a rather weak cup of coffee . I even tried adding in an additional shot , but found that it did n't help .
 CRAP ! Too weak ! I put one packet in a cup of boiling water and it was weak as Bleep ! Never again ! Expensive-not worth the money .
 I am sure this is wonderful coffee for use in some other type of coffee pod machine , however , these pods do not work in my Melitta One : One Machine . I tried about 4 times and got very weak coffee -LRB- not even coffee , just what looked like tan water -RRB- . My Melitta One : One works fine with Melitta Coffee Pods , but I wanted to try Lavazza . Beware , not all coffee pods are alike .
 These are smaller than the senseo pods . Is there a special holder/adapter for these pods . It appears that the hot water runs around the pod .
 I bought these pods mostly due to the great price and positive reviews . I had been buying Illy ese pods from Sur La Table and the cost was astronomical . I was looking for a tasty and cheaper replacement ... That being said , I will keep looking . These Lavazza ese pods are not great at all . They are poorly made , the espresso is somewhat loose in the pod and not packed properly . A few of my pods were not sealed all around the edges and the grounds leaked out into the foil packet rendering them unusable . The filter material itself is very cottony and ends up soaking up your brewed espresso rather than just filtering it through into your cup.While it does produce a beautiful crema , the espresso flavor is flat with no body , no tone , no aroma , no nothing . I was a professional barista for years and I know good espresso . This is NOT worth the cost , even with free shipping . You will end up with a cup of muddy , gritty , acidic brown water . Save your money and look elsewhere !
 This product is terrible . I tried these pods repeatedly in my new espresso machine and ended up with something that looked like weak tea . Amazon was kind enough to refund my money when I complained.Lavazza Gran Crema Espresso , Single Dose Pods -LRB- Pack of 150 -RRB-
 this coffee was only slightly above Dunkin Donuts brew . I compared it to two other brands ; those i finished the quantities . these were disposed of .
 The pods do fit into a compatible E.S.E. machine . However , the coffee is n't as strong or flavorful as your regular espresso from a cafe . Overall , you 'd be much better off going for the ground or whole bean coffee . Do n't waste your $ 10 bucks on this lousy product .
 It did not dissolve , I wasted my money !! I ordered it thinking that it would work like other pods , but it did not !!
 I am a fan of Pamela 's gluten free products and have been happy with all of them until I got the Raisin Walnut Cookies . I just received the order a couple of days ago . I 've eaten four of the cookies and they are very good tasting . However , in two of the four cookies I found myself chewing what presumably was walnut shells ! I could have easily chipped or broken a tooth.Pamela 's makes some great products but this one is `` risky '' .
 As I read more labels I am finding out that the FDA is not on the consumer side . `` If it tastes like `` apricot , '' it can legally be called `` apricot . `` The FIRST FOUR INGREDIENTS DO N'T INCLUDE APRICOTS.The INGREDIENTS of this `` Apricot Syrup '' are : SUGAR , INVERT SUGAR , WATER , APPLE JUICE CONCENTRATE , Apricot juice from Concentrate , PEAR , Clarified LIME and Clarified LEMON JUICE Concentrates , Citric Acid , xanthan gum , Natural FLAVOR , Beta Carotene -LRB- Vitamin A -RRB- Because you CHEAT the CONSUMER , I WILL NOT BUY FROM YOU AGAIN , MAPLE FARMS .
 I could not get the Maple Grove Farms rasberry syrup so I decided to try their apricot syrup . It isalmost sickly sweet . I could only recommend this syrup for those who have a strong sweet tooth . I never knew apricots were so sweet !
 We did n't care for the bland taste of the `` guetten free '' product . Do n't know if the `` gluetten free '' characteristics were the problem or that we were used to the more `` light '' taste of the Nanni products . Cost was NOT competetive with retail stores either .
 I like many of Pamelas gluten free products but this one is not as tasty as her mini chocolate chip cookie or her ginger cookies . I would give it a 2.5 if I could .
 I used to sell these cookies in my health food store . Several years ago my celiac and gluten sensitive customers began complaining that they had reacted to these cookies . I read the back of the box , -LRB- you should always read the back of the box -RRB- where it stated that these cookies were made on equipment also used to process wheat . I also found that in order to make these cookies more price competitive , the manufacturer added soy flour to the recipe . I would suggest to anyone who is celiac to look for another brand that is made in dedicated wheat free facility .
 These are terrible . Very dry , crumbly -LRB- in a bad way , the reviewer who said `` powdery '' is spot on -RRB- , blah in flavor . They really do n't resemble traditional chocolate chip cookies at all . Literally found them hard to swallow . Really sparse on the chocolate chips too ! Lame !
 Sorry , but I did n't like these cookies . The chocolate was good but the cookie part was not . I would rather not have any rather than eat these . Pamelas makes some good cookies , but not these .
 My son has a gluten and lactose intolerence and the box says these cookies are gluten free , non-dairy . So my family would puchase them for my son to have a treat when he visits them . However , everytime he eats these cookies he comes home with bad diarrea , lethargy , etc , like he ate wheat . However on the back of the box it does have a dairy symbol so now I think that maybe there is some dairy in there that could be making him sick . I am not going to be giving them to my son anymore . I 'm so dissapointed in this product !
 I do n't like the taste of these cookies . The chocolate is good but the cookie part leaves a lot to be desired . Definitely prefer the Pecan Shortbread .
 I have been gluten free for about six months now and have yet to find an edible prepackaged cookie . These were just as bad as all the rest . I remember as a little kid eating a dog biscuit on a dare , add some chocolate chips and that is exactly what they taste like .
 I had already tried the Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chunk and thought THANK HEAVEN for Pamela ! I would be able to survive GF ! There 's a slight sugar grain in the ` bite ' of them but they are tasty with a nice crunch . No artificial ` beany flour ' flavor . I even took those to a baby shower -LRB- to share with a GF cousin -RRB- I was completely in love.Then I tried these . I was absolutely shocked at how awful the Chunky Chocolate Chip cookies were . They are tasteless with that lovely texture you 've come to know and love . I make cookies for a living and would close my doors rather than put my name on these . I 've been inspired to start working on GF cookie recipes as soon as my Christmas rush is over.As far as the 11 good reviews - if you 've been GF for a long time or think Chips Ahoy are great cookies - you might like these just fine , otherwise , go for the double chocolate ones : Pamela 's Products Organic Dark Chocolate Chocolate Chunk Cookies , 5.29-Ounce Boxes -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB-
 This company protected these cookies very well with great packaging but the taste is not there . I would never purchase again .
 I just found out that I have Celiac Disease . I bought these at a local supermarket really excited that I could have a cookie after 2 months of no bread or cookies and was very disppointed . They had no taste . I tried to mask it with Vanilla Ice Cream but it did n't work so I tossed them . Maybe the pack I got had been on the shelf too long not sure but I did not like them . I realize that things made without wheat are going to taste differently and maybe I need to get used to that but I really ca n't eat these . .
 These cookies arrived in crumbles and tasted like wood . I understand now why they were such a good price .
 Do n't have many chocolate chips and the few that are in it are TINY ... . time to send out more chips and make them BIGGER
 I 've been trying a lot of gluten-free cookies , and these are one of the disappointments . They 're very dry , almost powdery , and the flavor is dominated by what I 'd describe as the taste of plain egg whites . Even the chocolate chips ca n't make up for it . Obviously they 're working with very little since the product is also non-dairy , but so are Mary 's Gone Crackers chocolate chip cookies , and they 're delicious and have the consistency of real cookies : Mary 's Gone Crackers love Cookies , Chocolate Chip , 5.5-Ounce Boxes -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- I recommend those instead . I wo n't buy these again .
 Consider purchasing a different product , this juice is contained in plastic # 7 , one known for BPA and is widely told to avoid , especially for babies !!!
 # 7 plastic bottles contain BPA . Very dangerous for people of all ages . Gerber products have been nothing but disappointing . Do not buy this !
 I have been eating wheat and gluten free for nearly a year now . I do some of my own baking using gluten free flours , but sometimes I do n't have the time . So I bought Pamela 's Gluten Free Peanut Butter Cookies as a treat . Of all of the gluten free cookies I have purchased over time , I have to say these are very disappointing . I see from reviews that a lot of people like them . It 's hard to believe . There are better options out there ! Eating these cookies is like chewing on a damp sponge ! Yuck ! The most disgusting gluten free cookies I have ever eaten . There is barely any peanut butter flavor and a horrible texture . So I regrettably give these cookies one star . Others keep looking ! Or cook your own .
 I , too , like other reviewers was surprised at the quality and texture of these cookies for a Pamelas Product . I am an avid consumer of Pamela 's gluten free products , but this one I will be feeding to the birds . First of all , they are extremely rubbery . When other reviewers comment that they are chewy , they are chewy times 10 ! And they have a strange taste . It 's like a pseudo-peanut butter flavor . Probably because they are also dairy free ? I would not pay the $ 3.60 per box for a measly 12 cookies again !
 I was severely dissappointed in the Pamela 's Peanut Butter cookies . They have almost no peanut butter taste -- even with a couple of chopped up pieces of peanuts on top . I had these cookies a year ago and they tasted much better . I 'm trying to figure out what to do with the other 5 boxes I bought -- even putting ice cream with them does n't help . The only good thing was that the cookies were soft , not hard as a rock .
 I liked ginger cookies but these cookies had bad texture and not enough peanut butter flavor
 Peanut butter Cookies
 I 've liked other Pamela products so I figured these would be good wrong the were almost uneatable I threw them all away .
 I was extremely dissapointed in this item . The cookies were almost all broken in the package and the taste was awful . I was surprised because the lemon and coffee cookies are great .
 We ordered this product twice from Amazon and both times the cookies were nothing but crumbs when delivered . I immediately went to the website where it said this product was not eligible for return . We order these for our patients , but they do n't want to buy crumbled cookies . We wo n't buy any more from Amazon .
 These cookies taste good , BUT they did n't arrive intact . I may have had two out of the 9 cookies in full shape . The rest were pieces ; mainly crumbs . I have 6 boxes of crumbs -LRB- because I used the subscibe and save -RRB- and will probably use for pie crusts or cheesecake crust.Its disappointing so far as just wanting a couple yummy cookies once in awhile ! Did n't want to have to bake to use .
 I like gluten free baking and am aware of some pitfalls ... drum roll please ... THE XANTHUM GUM . But more about that later.Bought these from a grocery store and a third of the box was broken . These are very fragile . I like to dip my cookies in milk or a cup of tea and when you do , an awful lot of fat appears on the top of the liquid . You cant eat more than a couple of these without serious guilt.As you chew , a weird slimy texture coats your tongue . I wondered if i had bitten into a mollusc of some kind but its the xanthum gum . If you add too much , you are left with this weird unctuous shitake mushroom slug texture . Cookies ended up in the trash.The lemon flavor is better as the tangy lemon acidity washes away the effect of the xanthum gum but the pecan is too sweet and fails to counterbalance it .
 This is just another cookie , not terrible , but definitely not shortbread . If you are looking for a true shortbread , buy Walkers . It 's the only one I 've found for a reasonable price .
 These cookies are essentially tasteless . I do eat them but after one the consistency is weird kind of mushy . The Betty Crocker chocolate chip mix is a zillion times better ... except you have to bake . ; -RRB-
 The company shipped the cheese to my parents ' house in Florida , but it was badly packaged with a disposable ice-pack -LRB- not dry ice -RRB- in the bottom , nowhere near the cheese , and left in the sun all day until it was , for the most part , melted .
 Even bootleggers would avoid these ! Absolutely horrible . Do n't buy the crate unless you run out of firewood .
 I bought this as a holiday gift for a friend in 2006 . She 's not overly picky about her coffee , and she LOVES Cocolate Mint flavored coffee , but in 2007 right before Christmas she let me know it was n't very good and to PLEASE not purchase more for her because it did n't taste good . : -LRB-
 This is coffeee ... not what is listed above . This is coffee which is made from macadamia nuts ! Not chocolate covered macadamia nuts ! FALSE ADVERTISING !!!!
 the coffee is n't great . Coffee flavor is weak and acidic . The chocolate and orange flavor is not as good as expected . Maybe I am an expresso drinker but definitely a really weak coffee . Other than that , ca n't complain about the service .
 I 've tried both grating this ginger and steeping it in hot water for tea . Neither approach yielded a very flavorful result . While the fact that this item is fulfilled by Amazon is nice , it 's unreturnable -LRB- given that it 's a grocery item -RRB- . I would not purchase this product again .
 After the pop-top ring came off I used some offset pliers to open the can , which was not only difficult it ended up splattering the liquid inside all over my desk . Once inside the kippers were soggy , courtesy of much too much water.This is the fifth time in 2 weeks this has happened and you would think that I would have learned my lesson . I suppose I am now convinced that it is definitely not an anomaly . Fortunately I only have three cans left before I become an ex-customer of this product.They used to be a decent product . But they have gone to hell big time . 09/19/2012
 I used to eat these when I was a kid and loved them . You 'd open the can and there would be two or three whole , flaky fillets inside with the skin still on . They were excellent . Perhaps I got a bad can this time , but these were just awful . Like opening a can of cat food . An unidentifiable mass of smashed fish meat . Ick .
 twice -LRB- at least -RRB- the salt of season kipper snacks , those with or without salt . not nearly as good.and slightly less kippers per can.disappointing taste .
 I had ordered these chocolate covered raisins for our wedding candy `` bar '' . When we got it , it was completely melted and would n't even come out of the container because it melted together . All of the chocolates turned gray and they were completely unusable . We were very dissapointed !
 The chocolate covered raisins seemed fine from the packaging , but when I looked at the container , it was a 48 oz jar instead of a 51 oz jar . I tried to send it back for a refund or get a jar that was the correct size for the money I paid , but there was no return option . It was only a 3 oz difference from the original , but I was still disappointed that I did not receive the item I wanted for the price I paid . Other than that , I am satisfied with my purchase .
 Even with my high tolerance for this type of thing these chocoate covered raisins were stale beyond redemption . Not with purchase at any price .
 please do n't get this on amazon , for you will just be throwing your money away . It is a big difference in price . do the math . Do yourself a favor and Get it at walmart
 I got thinkGreen Bars of this one -LRB- Peanut Butter Chocolate -RRB- and the Cranberry Apple and the Blueberry Noni . The Blueberry and Cranberry Apple were REALLY good , but the Peanut Butter Chocolate not so much . The taste seemed bitter , and it might be from one of the ingredients being a liquer , I do n't know . I would DEFINITELY try the other flavors they have in the thinkGreen and thinkOrganic Bars , though .
 Wow , I 've not had anything this horrible tasting in a long time . I could smell it from across the table and it made me nauseous just smelling it . As great as an easy shot of greens would be , this is not the way to go ! Blech !!!
 Dry and old tasting . Only sent 4 VERY SMALL pastries . Charged as much for s/h as the item cost , a TOTAL RIP OFF
 I was looking for a more nutty taste . This coffee tends to be a sweet taste that was almost revolting to me , but if you like sweet , then it had a good flavor , just not the nutty flavor I was after.Bev
 In Paris we loved pates de fruits from Hediard at Place de Madeleine . We thought these might be as good , or at least approximate the ones from Hediard , but they were disappointing . The fact they were made in France was a factor in our decision to try them , but apparently it did not help . Try the ones from Hediard if you can get them . They are incredibly good , bursting with authentic flavor .
 I thought these would be soft and fabulous . They were dry , virtually tasteless , overly sweet , and very disappointing . Not at all what i expected . I thought they would be very fruity as well .
 It 's OK . Certainly not as good as what you 'd get in a restaurant . I thought it was kind of expensive for the portion and quality .
 The flavor of this mousse , which costs five times a good duck mousse , is incredibly bland . The truffled version was also very bland . For real foie gras , go to France where it is absolutely delicious .
 I had to send several emails , a telephone call and finally a Paypal complaint to get action . The hassle is n't worth the product . Williams-Sonoma 's croissants bake better , and their delivery is always fast and accurate . I 'll be using them in the future . Of three purchases only one was delivered correctly . The second order was totally incorrect ; plain croissants instead of chocolate ones . I gave them another try because the company did correct that order via 2-day delivery instead of the usual 4-day delivery . But the latest order was also incorrect , and it took almost 2 weeks for them to send the missing item even though it was in stock . The product is OK at best and has gone up in price . Shipping is very high .
 While Minor 's makes some acceptable bases -LRB- just because they are everywhere does n't make them the best or even very good -RRB- , some of their products are simply awful -LRB- the Hollandaise and Veal bases springs to mind -RRB- . This product is like demi-glace in the same way grape juice concentrate is like wine . It is not necessarily bad , but it is definitely not demi . This product is beef base with many thickening agents . It does n't taste like demi , it does n't look like demi , it does n't feel like demi . The result is much like a hard , gritty paste form of the Knorr dry mix , if you 've ever used that . And if you have used that , you know -LRB- hopefully -RRB- that it is not really demi-glace either.If you are n't really looking for demi , just salty , beefy flavor and a mild thickener , just stick with beef base and wondra .
 To call this a Demi Glace is all wrong . It is a base . Just read the ingredients
 This item is advertised as being made by Nestle . It is made by Hershey - a far inferior chocolate product .
 Please do not waste your time & money on this product . I buy a gingerbread house or tree every year for my son & I to do together . But we are very disappointed with this one . The cookie it self came in the mail broken into several pieces & the candy presents are smashed to pieces . The only thing salvageable is a small bag of gumdrops . I have a very sad 6 year old boy !!
 I thought this product would have the typical mulling spices in it but it 's actually a powder that dissolves in cider - which I was n't happy about . Also , it 's mostly sugar , so I would n't recommend it .
 My elderly mom loves peanut brittle , so this was a little gift/treat for her.Sorry , but the packing of this product was so poor that thewhite bag with the cellophane window that the candy was inarrived in a box with no protective packing - no styrofoam , nonewspaper , nothing ... so the box was punctured , the cellophanewas torn out of the white bag , and there were little tiny antseverywhere ... inside , all over the candy . It was gross !!
 Since the product hasnt been delivered I cant review it . The only thing I am not happy about is the delivery charge was more than the product .
 I can not give this item even one star but the computer made me . This is the worse green tea or any tea that I 've ever had . I was completely shocked when I tasted this . It is so bitter that I could n't drink it . It did n't even taste like tea . I thought something was wrong with it . My husband , who is not picky , could n't drink it either . I have used Lipton Green Tea Pods for the last couple of years but , sad to say , they have discontinued them . I have been looking to replace them and I tried this tea . A very big disappointment . I would not reccommend this item to anyone .
 I 've tried all flavors of the bars and this is the only one I intensely dislike . Does not taste like chocolate -LRB- or if it is chocolate , it 's a very artificial chocolate -RRB- . Get the peanut butter flavor instead .
 I 'm fussy about my bars , and I 'd hoped these would be as delicious as they sounded . They were n't . And even worse , the texture was horribly gummy .
 I 'm a fan of the ThinkThin bars in general . Particularly the peanup butter and brownie crunch flavors . They 're good for my current heart-health diet in a pinch . However , this one tastes weird . It tastes like coconut to me , my wife simply did n't like them . There 's a reason you can not find these in the stores , I guess . Perhaps if they could relabel it to describe the flavor more accurately .
 While I love the Think Thin brand , the taste of these bars is the worst of the entire brand . While others might like the taste of the Dark Chocolate bars , I 'm sorry I had to go through an entire box of 12 . Try either of the Peanut Butter types or even the Cookies and Cream bites .
 I am a fan of thinkThin bars . However , this shipment was dry and crumbly . I was disappointed in my purchase and will continue to purchase thinkThin , just different flavors than dark chocolate . Could have gotten an older or bad box . Check your expiration dates on these .
 I trust the reviews and so many people liked these . I got these quickly , they look fine on the outside . I do n't know why these were so stale . Love the peanut butter ones . These were just painful , old school nasty .
 I have liked other flavors from this company but this and the mudslide are so dry , it 's a struggle to get through the bar .
 These bars are shipped via the U.S. Post Office . When I buy them in a store such as Whole Foods , they are fresh and the outer coatings intact . When I bought them through Amazon , the outer coatings were melted and in some cases stuck to the inside of the wrappers . It is not a case where they were left in a mailbox all day . My mailman handed them to me , along with the other mail . Do n't buy this product from Amazon , pay a little more and get a good product .
 Bought these when they were on sale a few weeks ago . I did read all the comments about taste before buying but didnt think it would be that bad . I tried it out for the first time today and was really disappointed with the taste and texture , I had a really hard time swallowing it and felt like I was taking a medicine but it never ended . I had to drink lots of water to kill the taste and to sum it up , I would not consume the remaining box and wont buy again . Im sure there are better tasting products out there .
 The dark chocolate bar tastes terrible . It has a good nutritional profile , but it is akin to eating cardboard . I 've had the box of 10 in my pantry for about 6 months now , and I only eat one out of necessity and with a TON of water to wash it down . I only have 3 more to go , and then it 's gone from my world forever.Think Thin bars are a great concept , and I love the idea behind them , but this flavor is truly a disaster .
 Actually , this product could help me Think Thin.Whenever I have a craving for chocolate , I could take a bite of one of these bars.Then I would say , `` That 's enough ! `` The problem with this plan is , I would soon realize there are other real chocolate options . If you want a good substitute for chocolate bars , chips , or truffles , this is not it .
 These sounded too good to be true , and they were . The taste of these is downright awful ! I 've eaten a lot of protein bars , and while these seem to have fewer chemicals and more wholesome ingredients than most , they sure did n't taste like it ! Honestly , these taste nothing like chocolate and really just taste like maltitol ...
 I usually like dark chocolate and chocolate in general , but this bar tastes bad . The chunky peanut butter is slightly better . The brownie flavor is also better . Zone Perfect bars taste better than these bars , but these bars are better for insulin levels . Try another flavor of Think Thin protein bar .
 I have spent thousands of dollars on Amazon over the years and am a faithful customer . I love reading the reviews and often check them before making a purchase . I have never posted a review until now . I had a subscription for the Think Thin Chocolate brownie crunch bar until Amazon lost that account for whatever reason . I switched over to a subscription for the dark chocolate bar ... I just ate it -LRB- had to force myself to finish it -RRB- . It tastes SOOOOOO bad and leaves a chemical after-taste . I do n't know how anyone can think this tastes good ???? I am now stuck with three boxes of this junk that my dogs do n't even want to eat . I just canceled my subscription and will now have to trek to Trader Joes to get my chocolate brownie crunch bars !
 I would n't recommend these unless you have to eat gluten free . They 're gross and have zero flavor . I regularly eat Clif and Luna bars , and these do n't come close to matching their tastiness -LRB- though they also have sugar in them ... -RRB-
 I have not tried these but I gave them a poor rating because of false advertising . They claim to be sugar free but they are far from it . Maltitol is a sugar which is identical in properties to sucrose -LRB- table sugar -RRB- . The only difference is that Maltitol is only about 80 % as sweet as sucrose . No matter how they are marketing this thing , it is a candy bar .
 This candy was so bad that I tried to give it away . Having trouble finding anyone who will eat it .
 Seriously ??? $ 12.00 for ONE pound of candy PLUS $ 11.00 to ship ONE pound ?? Scott 's Cakes - at these prices you will not be in business for long ! : - -LRB-
 Where 's the cherry flavor ? Very bland . I love the flavor of cherry and it was definitely missing in this candy .
 We made this seasoning purchase based upon the item as-pictured . Unfortunately , the received seasoning is quite different from what was pictured . To explain further , Lawry 's made a significant change in their taco seasoning , not for the better , a number of months ago . When they did so , they also changed the packaging of the product . We based our purchase upon the pictured seasoning , the `` old '' and tasty seasoning , yet what we received was the `` new '' and not-so-tasty seasoning , which can be purchased at any grocery store . Not worth sending back , but if what you 're looking for is the good stuff , avoid this one . I finally think I 'm going to try my hand at making my own taco seasoning .
 I am so sorry to have to give this a negative review , but there is absolutely no way that I can use it.I salt everything people normally salt , and probably use more.However , after lightly `` salting the air '' above the popcorn , it was too salty to eat.WAY too salty . I ca n't imagine anyone being able to use this!I can not stress how little I used , and I tried it twice .
 no matter how little of this product I use , it is still WAY too salty . I 'd like to find something with more `` butter '' flavor and less `` salt '' flavor .
 The product feature and the title of the products says
 This olive oil is supposed to be special . I do n't taste anything special . To me , it tastes slightly better than normal , cheap , off the grocery store shelf olive oil . I got mine at a local Italian grocery store for the same price as what 's listed here . Not worth it if you ask me.Google Frantoio for olive oil that has a nice taste .
 I was initially excited to find Lipton Yellow Label Tea on Amazon , as I just got back from Italy and fell in love with it there . The Lipton Yellow Label Tea in Italy does n't taste anything like the weak , poor-quality Lipton we get in the U.S. , but the tea I ordered on Amazon -LRB- sold by Simply Beautiful -RRB- is actually manufactured for India and tastes bitter and/or stale . You ca n't see from the photo , but the writing on the packages I received is not in English and says it was manufactured in Canada for India . It is hard to tell whether the variety sold in India just tastes different than the kind in Italy , or if the tea was in fact stale , because there is NO sell-by or expiration date on the package -LRB- very disturbing -RRB- , and the bags are NOT `` foil-wrapped for freshness '' as described on Amazon . I was extremely disappointed in the taste of this tea from India , having looked forward to the lovely , full-bodied Lipton Yellow Label tea bags that I brought home from Italy . Not to mention the fact that I would never want to buy imported groceries that do n't have an expiration date , so there is no way to know how long they 've been sitting in the warehouse , if they are stale , or when they will go stale after opening -LRB- especially since they are not individually wrapped -RRB- . I returned both boxes of tea and hope to get an Amazon refund soon . There is another listing for Lipton Yellow Label Tea on Amazon at an even higher cost , but it is also sold by the Indian grocery , so I do n't know why they have 2 listings at different prices if the tea is exactly the same . I am very bummed .
 i was ; ooking for a good cinnamon coffee ... this one fell short . i did n't care for the f ; avor which was n't much but the cinnamon flavor was n't there . i am sorry
 I do n't usually write negative reviews ... I just do n't write anything at all ... but this product is SO BAD that it deserves a really bad review . FIRST PROBLEM
 Now that HoHos are a thing of the past -LRB- at least for the time being -RRB- , I guess this review does n't matter . I bought the HoHos because I wanted to photograph them for nostalgia 's sake -LRB- I 'm a photographer -RRB- , not really eat them , although I did want to share a favorite childhood food with my kids . But the shipper shipped the HoHos in a bubble envelope through the mail . Wrong on all counts . When the box arrived it was all smashed -LRB- bad for a photo -RRB- , but what 's worse is that the HoHos were expired and each one was flat as a pancake -LRB- bad for both photographing and for eating -RRB- . There was a small burst of excitement upon seeing that HoHo box one last time but the wonderful memories I have of HoHos will have to live on in my memory ... they certainly were n't what arrived in the mail .
 overall this was overpriced for what you got and 2 of them items were stale . I would not buy this again .
 Sugar free instant chocolate pudding/pie filling is priced low and but tastes just like unpleasant metallic which I never expected it to be . Was disappointed and will not order sugar-free again .
 I 'm always appalled to see fellow diabetics extoll the virtues of many sugar free products because many of them contain a substance called `` maltodextrin '' which is every bit as bad -LRB- if not worse -RRB- than cane sugar for causing super spikes in blood glucose.Notice in the ingredients list , the first two ingredients are a modified food starch and maltodextrin made from corn . So ... starch and corn -LRB- which is also a starch -RRB- . The way the law reads , those who produce food products do n't have to add certain substances to the nutrition information , they only have to list them in the ingredient list . Ingredient lists always go from most to least and by that I mean the first item on the list makes up more of the product than anything else . The second item is the 2nd most and so on so this sugar free jello is primarily made up of starch and maltodextrin from corn and if that was n't bad enough , you 're going to add milk to this product which is more simple carbs . There are over 11 grams of carbs in 1 cup of milk . You would be much better off to just eat a regular sized chocolate bar than to eat this sugar free product.This product might say in the nutrition information that it 's sugar free and carb free but that obviously is NOT TRUE because the ingredients say it 's not true . They 've added food starch and maltodextrin.My endocrinologist said that pretty much everyone should try to avoid ingesting very much maltodextrin but especially if you are diabetic , pre-diabetic , have a family history of diabetes or are pregnant -LRB- gestational diabetes -RRB- . The really sad thing is that much of the time maltodextrin adds NOTHING to the product - not flavor , certainly not nutrition . It is a cheap low calorie/no calorie filler.Maltodextrin is in sugar free jello , sugar free jello pudding , many sugar free hot beverage mixes such as Maxwell House sugar free coffee drink mixes and it 's in many sugar free liquid coffee creamers and I could go on and on . Please , if you are diabetic , READ the label and not just the nutrition info.When I was diagnosed with diabetes in January 2012 , my average blood sugar was in the 290 's and my A1C was a whopping 11.7 ! I figured out on my own that maltodextrin was bad and began researching it . Once I cut out all products with maltodextrin in them my blood sugar readings quickly normalized and when I went back to my physician at the beginning of April 2012 my A1C was 6.5 so I was able to reduce it to a much better level within just a few months . I could never have done that without cutting out the maltodextrin.Another bad thing about maltodextrin is it can adversely affect your appetite . Anytime you have big fluctuations in your blood sugar , it also causes fluctuations in appetite which can make it hard to stick with any kind of eating program.I 've been following a low carb/high fiber diet for years now because my husband , though a normal weight and very active , was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes almost a decade ago . I was sort of shocked when I was diagnosed with it and I 'll always wonder if we had just known about substances like maltodextrin that react so negatively on the pancreas if I could have avoided the disease or at least held it off until later in life and I cried when I realized that all this time , I 've been buying sugar free stuff for my husband thinking it was okay because his nutritionist never said a WORD about maltodextrin -LRB- and other substances like dextrose , sorbitol , etc that also react on the pancreas -RRB- and the reality is that I was making his diabetes/insulin resistance WORSE.I hope this helps someone out there . Wish I 'd have known about it much sooner .
 This crap showed up as candy FLAKES and in a million pieces . . Manufacture did not intend this to be shipped using our government handling ... USPS!Dont expect to receive as advertised `` Ribbon '' shaped candy but expect Pieces and Bits !
 False advertising on the box . I bought a 7 oz . box showing off a gorgeous picture of beautiful holiday striped candy . I opened the box to find five pieces of plain ALL ONE COLOR ribbons of candy
 This candy was gummy and Inedible . . I dont know whether it was old or handled improperly but it went into the trash immediately .
 Candy is pretty , but it would be prettier fully intact ! The candy is really fragile and the packaging could be better .
 The item was only 8 ribbons about 4 inches long . Beautiful multicolerd ribbons but the flavor was not what I expected . The flavor was a creamy vanilla with a slight hint of mint , it reminded me of a flavor of a liguid antacid .
 maybe I liked ribbon candy more as a child than an adult , maybe this stuff just sucks . either way , it sucks .
 They had this for $ 2.29 at CVS -LRB- which used to be SavOns -RRB- . It seemed like a Christmasy thing so I bought it . There are six big pieces inside . One of them was broken in half , but I did n't mind . The candy looks pretty and it tastes so-so . It 's not one of my favorite kinds of candy , but I bought it to celebrate Christmas . I think I have n't had ribbon candy in many years . I do n't remember seeing it around until today at CVS . I think they should use better tasting flavors in this candy . They 're really not very good flavors . A couple of pieces were licorice , which I do n't like , and one piece was spearmint , which I really hate . I hate anything that is spearmint flavored . There are many much better flavors that they could have used . They really should improve their product .
 All except one piece were broken . I purchased them to show my children what our Christmas candy was when I was young . If not for the fact that I did not want to &#34; take candy from a baby &#34; it would have been returned . Very disappointed .
 This is NOT the yummy HARD ribbon candy I remember as a kid . The picture on the box is VERY MISLEADING . Nothing on the outside is what 's on the inside ! The box cover showed pink , my old time favorite . Inside the box there were 6 pieces - orange , yellow , 2 greens -LRB- one with white on the edges -RRB- , red -LRB- with a white stripe on the edges -RRB- and white with green on the edges . It was dull , NOT shiny and then softened up fast in your mouth . VERY Disappointing !! If you are looking for the stuff we ate during the holidays in the 60 's and 70 's , DO N'T BUY THIS !!!
 The Candy tastes exactly as I remember . Unfortunately all pieces were crushed into tiny little peices . I would buy in the store but would not recommend having this shipped to your house .
 I love ribbon candy , but only if it is fresh . Could n't find it last year so I took a chance and purchased some online . It was totally stale and had to be thrown out . . what a disappointment !
 made a pot of this coffee and none of our guests like it . it was bitter and strong no matter how much i decreased the amount , i gave it away to needy in-laws .
 A part of the cloves were rotted , I wanted them for planting.We had to use what was not rotted for cooking .
 These have been our healthy crackers for years . As another reviewer said , they used to have three individual plastic trays . Now they are just dumped into a bag inside the box , and most of them are broken . I will not buy these again . If anyone knows a good alternative , please comment !
 The product , as listed , is a CASE of 24 , 1.5 ounce boxes of pudding mix . Imagine my surprise when I opened the box to find ONE box -LRB- 1.5 ounce , 6 servings -RRB- instead of the expected 24 . This leads to a call to Amazon with a customer service representative who unfortunately did n't know what Jell-O pudding was and was having a hard time understanding that there had been an error in the number of items shipped . Ummmm ... who would pay $ 30 for six 1/2 cup servings of pudding ??? This was finally understood and another order was placed -LRB- kindly , they did not require me to return the single box of pudding -RRB- . Low and behold , several days later the package arrives ... AGAIN another single box of pudding instead of a case of 24 boxes . Another phone call to Amazon , another rep who does n't quite understand but finally decides to just credit me for the order and not require that I return the single package . It was decided that we would not try to place the order again , as it would appear the warehouse has a problem filling orders for this item . I orderd the chocolate flavor case of 24 and it arrived without problem ... a carton of 24 boxes of pudding mix , as expected .
 This is good , but not as tasty as the stuff you buy in the stores already prepared . It does have a slight aftertaste , and since I 'm more calorie-conscious than worried about suger -LRB- not diabetic -RRB- , I went back to the regular pudding ; tastes 10 times better and more chocolaty ! : -RRB-
 After looking at the Chips Ahoy that came in powder form and the betty crocker mashed potatos with bugs , I threw this out into the trash . Will never order food from Amazon.com ever again .
 These dried mango chunks do not look or taste like mango . The chunks are a very light yellow color . They are sort of crystalized as if they had been processed with sugar ; would probably work well in a fruitcake .
 I have had dried fruit that was unsulphered but these nectarines looked black and do not have a good taste at all !
 So , this is the thing
 HAS TWO TIMES THE FILLING OF FIG NEWTONS WHICH MAKES THEM TOO GOOEY AND STICK TOGETHER . HAVE PURCHASED BARBARA ; S PRODUCTS BEFORE AND LIKED THEM , BUT WOULD NOT BUY THE BLUEBERRY BARS AGAIN . TASTE AWFUL .
 Absolutely TERRIBLE quality . DO NOT BUY . I was 100 % dissatisfied with the product ! And Amazon does NOT stand by its food sales and offer refunds -LRB- unlike my brick & mortar grocery store -RRB- . Item was past date & Amazon offers NO returns on grocery ; TERRIBLE !
 Why ca n't I give this a negative amount of stars ??? I love these cookies and have bought them from Amazon before . The expiration date was always just a few months away -- but I love them and had no problem eating all six packages in a short time.This time , I got my shipment May 2009 and the cookies all had a `` best used by March 09 '' date on them . So ... Amazon has now sunk to shipping goods past their expiration date . I have n't eaten any of them yet -- I kind of turned off by the idea they are two month beyond the date they should be taken off the shelf.I will never buy these from Amazon again unless Amazon can assure me the product will be fresh .
 This product may indeed be delicious but the product name is at the very least misleading , at worst deceptive . Anyone with celiac disease or other wheat intolerance needs to know that this product , though free of wheat , is made with multiple grains , including barley flour , and so is unsuitable for their use . Rightfully , the product should be named Multigrain Fig Bars as that is what they are . I do n't see why anyone would specifically choose a wheat-free product over one containing wheat unless one is wheat intolerant -LRB- and therefore intolerant to all wheat-related grains -RRB- . What possible legitimate reason could there be then to name this product `` Wheat Free '' ? My rating of the product is based not on the product per se but on the unfortunate and misleading name Barbara 's Bakery has chosen to give it . Please note also that a representative of Barbara 's Bakery in a private communication to me in response to my objection to the name of this product stated there was no claim made that the product was gluten free then added that the few products Barbara 's Bakery makes which it does claim to be gluten free are made in non-dedicated facilities which also process wheat . This is absurd as those products are subject to contamination with wheat and can not legitimately be considered gluten free . It all comes down to a matter of truth in advertising . Where there is no truth in advertising what trust can there be in any of the products the company produces ?
 our family did not leke thast at all . Din not atst lke figs . They were sweet enough but tasted like purnes .
 I actually love this product . Because I ca n't have sugar , I have to seek out products like Barbara 's sugar free/fruit only fig/blueberry bars.The only problem is that the expiration date on this product was Jan 9 2008 , and this product was sent to me in March 2008 . When I asked for another batch with a later expiration date , I was sent another 6 boxesin April with the same Jan 9 2008 date.Get with it Amazon , that 's not okay ... . The product gets noticably goeyand is not a firm cookie past the expiration date . I really wanted thisproduct , but had to ask for my money back due to this expiration date problem . Amazon gave me a $ 10 coupon for other Amazon products , but no cookies . Oh well , I guess I 'll loose a few pounds ...
 I was having 2 or 3 cookies everyday for the longest time . They were pretty good tasting and a healthy alternative to other cookies . Something has changed recently . They 're not the same . The recipe has changed or the baking process or both . I 'm pissed .
 We love fig bars and wanted more natural option than grocery store . But these are not edible , even my toddler wo n't eat them because they are just too sweet .
 Buyer Beware
 As some other reviewers have also pointed out , these fig bars are extremely sweet . While I am satisfied with purchase experience and the condition of the product , their taste compels me to give a 1-star rating .
 This product was represented as gelatin sheets - instead this was a powdered product . I specifically needed gelatin sheets for a recipe - I 'm not happy about this !! How do I return for a refund .
 This particular item is not kosher , if you take a close look to the picture you will notice that kosher is not writen on it . it also mentions that it 's a porcine gelatin , which is pig gelatine.How ever there is a Kosher gelatine listed on Amazone but it 's more expensive than that item , $ 19.95 I believe . and you can see on the picture that it 's a kosher beef gelatin .
 The pieces were very inconsistent . Some were okay , though still not great . A few tasted awful . Some were too dry and a few wet .
 My kids love Mac and Cheese . I feel really good about giving it to them when it 's loaded with vitamins . I ordered a case of the Spider man Super Mac and Cheese . I did receive Spiderman Mac Cheese , but it is n't the Super Mac Cheese with the whole grain and extra vitamins . I 'm very hesitant to order it again .
 Did not enjoy the product and would not recommend . It 's very dry and impossible to chew , has no taste and seems stale .
 I have been trying many of the dried fruits from this seller . Some are better than other , and these pears are a little on the less good side . They are a bit gritty and not very flavorful . The dried peaches , for example , from the same seller are much better . These pears are not chewy or tough enough to make them appealing from that aspect , so the gritty texture and lack of flavor stands out . The shipping rates charged by the seller are very high , and unless you buy in quantity the rates are too high to make it worthwhile to shop from this seller . I always put together a larger order of a variety of things from this seller to reduce the shipping costs enough to not be off the charts .
 First of all , everyone should be warned ... these peaches are seriously ugly ! They are a dark brown and a little scary to try . But I read the other review and decided to give it a try . They are so chewy that I could not bite off a piece . They have to be torn off with your teeth . Then there is the flavor or more accurately the lack of flavor . I guess with a good imagination , they might be said to taste like peaches , but they are pretty much tasteless . At 151 calories a serving , why bother ? Now I realize there is a terrible aftertaste ! Whoa , these are bad !
 I was excited to order this as little gift enhancers for my family which loves Maltezers . However , they arrived in their packets all melted and stuck together like glue so that what I got was one melted clump of malt balls -- each packet was the same -- very disappointing !
 For $ 9.99 they sent me 5 two oz . Pkgs . With about 10 small malted candies in each . That makes each pkg . Cost $ 2 . and each little malt ball $ .20 each . I do n't care how good they are , this is an outrageous price . Live and learn I guess .
 I 'll stick to Whoppers , thank you very much . It 's not like I do n't enjoy expensive high end chocolate , either . These things have a weird aftertaste and too thick a gloppy layer of chocolate on them . I know they 're supposed to be `` better '' malted milk balls but you can have them . I think most of the hype comes from literary people who liked Bridget Jones Diary and wanted to like these .
 I 'd been drinking the Maxwell House French Roast Decaf for several months when it disappeared from my local store . I was so happy to see the product offered through Amazon , but it just is n't the same . It does n't smell or taste like French Roast . I 'm convinced that it 's mislabeled .
 For the price , you are not getting enough to bother having it shipped . The amount is basically for one recipe , and the raisins are very dry and gritty , not as pump and sweet as other brands . I will not order this product again .
 I guess I learned from this purchase that raisins are raisins are raisins . I could 've bought some in my local grocery store that would have been just as good . Delivery took unconscionably long , too .
 My delivery contained 4 open containers and cheese dust was everywhere . To Amazon 's credit , they replaced the shipment without any problems and the second order was fine .
 My kids eat the boxed Kraft Mac and cheese so I thought these were a great idea . YUCK ! I bought a whole case and had to get rid of them . No one would eat them ... they taste different than the boxed variety . They have a strong , fake cheesy , chemical flavor and odor ... maybe from the plastic the product is microwaved in . BLECH .
 It has a strong fake cheese taste and smell , but I give it 2 stars because my kids like it and it is very convenient to make .
 When I read the review I saw one that said he did n't get this and I thought no way ! They have to send them out well I guess they do n't I did n't recieve mine either . I could n't beleive it I got the stuffing I ordered in the second day order but no mac and cheese I agree I feel swindled in this . I ordered three cases of this thinking it would be a quick snack for the family ha I 'm still waiting for it to come out .
 Yep . . as said below . . This is a great food if you have no time to prepare food for your kids and have no interest in giving their kids a healthy balanced diet . Why waste time with fresh , nutrional , vitamin rich food when you can chuck this stuff down their throat in seconds.You could make a home made version in five minutes - but you would not get all the benefit of those preservatives , additives and extra chemicals . Save money when your 13 year old kid can fit in their parents clothes ! ... woohoo !!
 Very easy and tastes good BUT5 of 12 cups had holes in their lids and had to be discarded .
 Holy Mother of Pearl I could NOT believe the price tag on this thing ! over $ 11.00 for one serving of macaroni and cheese ? Your kidding me ! I was actually amazed that Amazon would even consider putting that price on there let alone asking people to buy it for that much ! Who ever buys this is an idiot plain and simple
 For some reason Amazon never shipped the two items I bought , and for some reason I did n't even could make an A to Z guaranteed or something . I feel swindled ...
 This is great if you want to feed your kids chemicals sold by a big tobacco company . Kinda sending out the wrong signal , do n't you think ? There are a lot of macaroni & cheese products that offer the same or better nutrition , almost as much convenience , and usually much better taste , without supporting Kraft/General Foods selling and marketing tobacco to your kids and everyone else in the world .
 Ready in 31/2 minutes ? Thats utter lies ! It took three days just to land magically on my table ! False advertising at an all time low . I 'm heavily dissapointed .
 These dried strawberries do taste good - indeed , they 're addictive . When I eat one , I usually end up eating several more . But they 're too sweet . The sugary taste and texture of this brand of dried strawberries makes me feel like I 'm eating candied strawberries . This was n't what I expected from the description . I should have paid more attention to the other review that complains of over-sweetening . Do n't buy these , unless you want to eat strawberry candy ; buy another brand which lets you enjoy the natural strawberry flavor and texture more .
 Was looking to buy some dried strawberries when I came across this offering.In the description it says air dried strawberries without sulphur dioxide.In the picture shown the ingredients list sulphur dioxide!Not saying it 's good or bad but why ca n't they describe what they are selling accurately ???
 I ordered this item because I thought it was freeze-dried kinda like dehydrated , but it 's not ! They taste like they were pickled and rolled in sugar ! Yuck ! The original strawberry taste is gone . The company sent them to me very promptly and in great packaging , but I really thought it was something else ... The page does not provide a good description of what the product really is .
 I wantd to make the Barefoot Contessa 's recipe for strawberry scones , which calls for dried strawberries . Expecting to get something akin to dried cranberries or raisins , I was disappointed , these should be called candied strawberries since they hardly resembled fruit and were coated in sugar . They were OK in the recipe , but I ca n't feel good about feeding these to my family . Save your money -LRB- they are pricey ! -RRB- and use craisins instead - or just go for chocolate .
 I do n't believe these are real strawberries . I think this product is made from strawberry pulp + sugar + who knows what . They seem like slightly more healthy strawberry gummy bears candy .
 All drinks , hot or cold , should be labeled if it has caffeine in it there are some people ca n't have caffeine because of certain heart conditions it could put them in the hospital or worse ! I would rate this tea O , because of lake of information I became ill!Elderberry Tea 50 Tea Bags
 I tried to cancel my order and they refused saying it had already shipped -LRB- this was over a week since I had ordered it -RRB- , which was fine . But , when I checked on shipment , it did not ship until the day it was suppose to arrive at my house . I will NEVER use this company again .
 I was very excited to find a quality green tea extract . Unfortunately , every time I take it , I get very nauseous . I felt this way for 5 days straight after I began taking it so I stopped taking it for 4 days during which I had absolutely no nausea at all . The very first time I tried taking it again , I was extremely nauseous within the hour . I 've even tried taking directly with food , does n't help . I have read that polyphenols can cause nausea so I 'm guessing it is the high percentage that is to blame .
 just wish it had the caffeine for that jump start feeling . I 'm not sensitive to it so I definitely need it . I accidently purchased it without realizing that it was decaffeinated .
 I thought I was getting decaf coffee extract . I have been taking it as directed and do n't notice anything different .
 The product details for this product fail to state how many mg EGCG are in each capsule . How can anyone buy supplements online without knowing this very basic info ?
 These looked wonderful and were a birthday present for a close friend . When they came the foil was all stuck to the candy . We tried to unwrap a couple and it made a bigger mess with the paper sticking terribly to the candy . In the end we were able to taste the tiniest piece which just made us more disappointed and angry since it was delicious . We would never order these again or do business with this company . And living in Florida was not the problem since we paid BIG prices for the candy and shipping , it was not hot and the package was literally put in our hands from the truck , so it did n't sit outside . Big Big disappointment .
 I got two bottle for christmas and the honey is delicious but the cap breaks off because the honey gets sticky and the cap sticks then it 's very hard to twist off . When I twisted it off , it broke . I would n't recommend this product .
 Buyer Beware Please ! This sweetener is not for everybody . Maltitol is an alcohol sugar and can be undigestible in the body . You will know a short time after consuming it if you are one of the unsuspecting many who can not digest it by the extreme intestinal bloating and cramping and massive amounts of gas a person can experience . Nausea , diarrhea & headaches can also be experienced . I learned my lesson the hard way years ago when I fell in love with the sugar-free chocolates suzanne sommers used to sell . I thought I 'd found sugar-free chocolate nirvana at first taste but the bliss was short lived when the terrible side effects of maltitol kicked in . The discomfort was unlike anything I had ever felt before . I blew up like a balloon and had very painful abdominal cramping . As the symptoms passed , this too was very unpleasant . Though hard for me to believe a low calorie sweetener could be the culprit , all symptoms were gone when I stopped eating the chocolate . My hunch it had something to do with the maltitol were unfortunately confirmed for me about a year later when I purchased some delicious sugar-free popcorn at my local market . The taste was amazing and while I was looking at the label wondering what could possibly make this yummy , new sugarfree treat taste so good , my heart sank when I followed the little asterisk next to sugarfree sweetener * down to the very bottom of the label and read `` maltitol '' in tiny little letters ! Thank goodness I 'd eaten only a little . I still ended up with all the same side-effects but for a much shorter duration . Some people can use maltitol to their heart 's content but others , like me , can have a bad reaction to it . In case you 're like me , ... it 's not you ... it 's the maltitol !
 I have not tried this bar . It may taste fabulous but I will never know because they put maltitol in it and I will not eat maltitol . I have a blood sugar monitor and several times after eating maltitol chocolate my blood sugar spiked . I think it 's a scam to say it 's sugar-free when it acts just like sugar .
 I received 3 months of Ice Cream from this Club as a gift . I was very disappointed with the Ice Cream I received and the giver was unhappy after seeing the choices I was sent each month . The first 2 months included a duplication of black walnut , a very bland vanilla frozen yogurt , some type of caramel , that did n't taste at all like caramel -LRB- I tried , but could n't give it away -RRB- , also 2 peppermint in one month . I emailed them after the 2nd month with my complaint , thinking they might want to take a second look at what was being sent . I did receive an immediate response , with an apology and an offer of an extra month of ice cream . They also told me they spoke with their shipper and was told my 3rd month was really going to be scrumptous . I just received it . May be somewhat better , but there is only one pint with higher butterfat then the average grocery store brand , 2 frozen custards , and 1 `` neopolitan '' -LRB- how exciting -RRB- in a square cardboard carton and from a company not even mentioned in their ad . We have a number of Ice Cream stores in our city and thus far I have only received 1 pint each month that might compare . I felt I should write this review because the person who sent this gift had no reviews to read and had no idea that I might receive duplicates , along with the vanilla custard and neopolitan .
 Call me a dummy , this was not what I expected , the key word being &#34; Gel &#34; , it does n't harden , not good for cookies , and that 's what I do . I do n't know what I was thinking . My fault
 This is a horrible blend . No body , bad flavor , just plain weak . I thought I stumbled upon a coffee flavor that I had not been able to find for a long , long time . This is nothing like I remember or had in the past . What 's even worse is I had to buy for bags of this mess . Do n't do it . Pass on this .
 The bottle is pretty but not very functional . The honey on the glass bottle makes it sticky and the cap gets stuck . After a couple uses , when i twisted it off , the cap got completely stuck . Customer service was not helpful at all as they said it never happened for them - -LRB- not listening to their customers ! -RRB- I would n't recommend this honey in the flute - if they had better packaging the honey is great !
 These looked wonderful and were a birthday present for a close friend . When they came the foil was all stuck to the candy . We tried to unwrap a couple and it made a bigger mess with the paper sticking terribly to the candy . In the end we were able to taste the tiniest piece which just made us more disappointed and angry since it was delicious . We would never order these again or do business with this company . And living in Florida was not the problem since we paid BIG prices for the candy and shipping , it was not hot and the package was literally put in our hands from the truck , so it did n't sit outside . Big Big disappointment .
 i was recently diagnosed w / gestational diabetes ... thus began my quest for a yummy protein bar ... this is n't it . i 'm giving it 2 stars because my blood sugar levels were within the desired range after having it as a snack . i 'm going to try the other flavors , but this one definitely is not one i 'd like to have again .
 I just ate a Think Thin bar and I am in a lot of pain . I thought I had food poisoning but when I called the company that makes this product they informed me that some people get sick due to the sweetener in the product . So , I did some research and the biggest con for the sweetener Maltitol , used in this bar , is bloating , gas and diarrhea . Its too bad because it taste great but not worth the pain . Be sure you can stomach the bar before you eat it .
 Purchased approximately 24 of these bars in different flavors -LRB- the chocolate fudge being my personal favorite , though the brownie crunch is also tasty -RRB- . The texture is a bit chewy but the flavor is good ... for a protein bar . Not necessarily on par with the average sugar-filled candy bar of course . The carb/sugar/protein content is on par with most higher end Gluten Free protein bars I 've discovered -LRB- including Quest Bars and NoGii -RRB- . All things considered - flavor , consistency , and quality , I 'd likely give these 4 stars . The issue , however , is that after eating about 6 bars with no issues , I began having gluten reactions to the next three I attempted to eat . Needless to say , no matter how much protein you consume , your workouts are not going to go well if you 're horribly sick.I have written to the company to complain , but can not afford to take this risk , especially with other comparable bars available . I caution anyone with Celiac Disease to try these at your own risk , they say GLUTEN FREE on the label , but something was not or a batch became contaminated . I 've been a diagnosed Celiac for over 10 years and I -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- know the reaction all too well and this bar sparked it.Although I wanted to support this bar for it 's high protein content and GF label , I will not buy Think Thin bars again for this reason . I 've moved to Quest Protein Bars for now as I 've never had any gluten or allergic reactions to those -LRB- and they tend to taste better if you like an almond/caramel type flavor -RRB- Quest Bar 2.12 oz . Low Carb , Gluten Free , High Fiber Protein Bars -LRB- Box of 12 Bars -RRB- - though you 'd likely want to buy these from the actual site as they are much cheaper there.Otherwise , if you have no food allergies or specific dietary constraints , these might work for you ... good luck !
 I did not buy this bar -LRB- in the Creamy Peanut Butter flavor -RRB- from Amazon , but bought one at the grocery store to try it , lured in by the high protein content and the fact that the bar is gluten-free . Unfortunately , I thought it tasted terrible - with a chalky , somewhat grainy texture , as well . I would certainly go with a Balance , Luna , Clif or Pure Protein bar before purchasing another one of these . I also have the White Chocolate variety - will hope for better taste with this one .
 I returned this item because it contains palm oil . Bad for the body and VERY bad for our planet .
 I buy several of the Think Thin bar flavors - tried this one and found , to my dismay , that it has a pronouonced coconut flavor , which is okay if you like coconut . Flavor is darker , but muddier , and ingredients list a fractionated palm kernel oil , which is not in the other bars I buy . Would not purchase it again .
 i was recently diagnosed w / gestational diabetes ... thus began my quest for a yummy protein bar ... this is n't it . i 'm giving it 2 stars because my blood sugar levels were within the desired range after having it as a snack . i 'm going to try the other flavors , but this one definitely is not one i 'd like to have again .
 I am disappointed that I 've tried to contact the seller via email as well as written correspondence and both have gone ignored . We did not received what we ordered and the missing items were replaced with unwanted items .
 I bought Kraft Sweet and Sour Sauce , and was completely disappointed with how it tasted . I have never had a mouth full of toilet cleaner , but this is what I would imagine it tasting like . Very strong chemical taste with a very gelatinous plastic-like texture , highlighted in a dull orange-brown . I looked at the ingredients and the main ingredient is High Fructose Corn Syrup , a healthy dose of cornstarch , and some oleoresin paprika mixed in . I found the taste to be so horrible , I threw the rest of the container away . Yuck !
 This dose not have the same taste that you find in restaurants , -LRB- not even close -RRB- or the little packets they send home with take out . Not sure why it is so difficult to find `` real '' sweet and sour sauce .
 The Sweet n Sour sauce pictured is bright red and VERY similar in looks to the Sweet n Sour sauce you get from Chinese food restaurants . I ordered a case of this stuff for $ 19 and was very disappointed in it . The sauce I received is a brownish color with bits of red and green pepper in it . It 's not very sweet like you would expect -LRB- and hope -RRB- it to be . The label on the sauce I rec 'd was totally different also . The one online is the ` New and Improved ' label and the one I rec 'd was not.My opinion is that if you 're looking for the traditional restaurant style sweet n sour sauce then this is definitely not it . Now I have to figure out what to do with an entire case of this cruddy stuff . It would be one thing if the sauce was just different but I actually do n't like the flavor at all . Oh well , I 'll just keep looking . : -RRB-
 I grow stevia plants and crumble the leaves into my drinks . I thought this natural greenish-colored powder would have the same taste . Unfortunately , it tastes like dust , not pure stevia . I prefer Stevita liquid stevia , unflavored . This powder was a big disappointment . My daughter felt the same way , and it was she who passed the Planetary Formulas stevia on to me .
 Okay so I bought stevia before and it was in the white powder form and tasted pretty good . So I ordered this . First I was thrown off by its `` au natural green color '' but I figured hey it is good for me . Well this product is the definition of `` Bad after taste '' ... It simply made everything I added it to taste terrible . I have thrown away alot of ice tea and coffee I flavored with this ; than I just threw this way ... everything is better now ... yuckkkkkk . !!!
 I purchased these to use at my daughter 's wedding . She is using daisies and I thought these would be great to make an adorable arrangement on the candy table . I was VERY disappointed . They are basically just small round lollipops . The flower design is NOT obvious . I am now placing an order for a different lollipop that I hope is actually shaped like a flower to use for my purpose . The picture is very misleading . This is not what the lollipops look like at all .
 I was disappointed , the suckers are about 1 to 11/2 '' if that and the sticks were plastic . I thought they were at least 3 in . and the usual lollipop sticks . The price is way to high for what you get .
 Tastes like classic amorettini at first , but an unpleasant aftertaste -LRB- artificial flavors -RRB- .
 I often prepare tiramisu ' for my friends , and i bought these ladyfingers twice . Overall the product is good , and the first time it arrived in excellent conditions . However , this second time I am finding that at least 50 % of the cookies are broken or even crumbled , and i am quite disappointed .
 I do like the taste of this soup and enjoy the somewhat spicy `` kick . '' And the price is not bad . But the contents of the soup do not fully `` cook '' when prepared as instructed . Even after letting the soup sit tightly covered for 10 minutes , I still find that the vegetable pieces are somewhat hard . I am going to try emptying the soup container contents into a bowl after the `` cook '' period and microwave it and see if this corrects the issue . But this will make preparation more complicated at work -LRB- I bought this product to keep at work -RRB- .
 I bought this brand because of all of the glowing reviews here , and I 'm not happy about that decision . I wanted a light brown -LRB- not dark , like chocolate -RRB- frosting for my son 's birthday cake . I did n't want to make it chocolate , and , as I said , I did n't want it very dark anyway . So , I bought the Warm Brown.I did a test run of his cake today . I made my frosting and added in a couple of drops of the paste . It was basically pink . Well , brownish-pink , but way too pink . I thought that maybe I needed more to get closer to the color on the sticker that is on the cap . So , I added some more . Still too pink . So I added still more . By the time I had finished , it was slightly more brown , but still had way too much of a pink undertone for what I was looking for . And it really was n't close to the colored sticker on the bottle.I 'm pretty disappointed . Perhaps it is just this brown color that is the problem and that the others are great . But , the Wilton colors I have so far have met my expectations much better than this . I am glad that I did a trial run on the birthday cake . I think that I will have to go for chocolate frosting after all , using cocoa to get the color I want .
 This will certainly change the color of your food , but when used in a straightforward butter-cream mix in sparing quantity , it bubbled a nasty looking oily brown residue to the surface of the cream and the residue just sat there looking nasty . Will never use this product again .
 I ordered this on December 26th . It is now January 8th , it should have been here yesterday . I 'm not understanding why it takes so long to ship from South Carolina to Pennsylvania . I ordered this to make my daughters elmo cake for her 2nd birthday , it 's not going to make it on time . I love amazon , but I will never order from this seller again .
 the gel is really annoying i should have got the liquid one because this one takes too long to blend into the food , it eventually does thought it it does work but doesnt blend perfectly
 I love AmeriColor , but instead of receiving the soft gel paste in brown I received AmeriColor Airbrush food color in brown . Not the same thing .
 The one star is n't for the product , it 's for the price . I 've been using the Melitta Coffee Javapods for over a year now and I LOVE them . However , I usually buy an 18-ct box for under $ 5 . Where did $ 15 come from ?!
 This must be a typeo or this is the most expensive pod coffee ever .
 Orange roughy can probably be called the world 's most unsustainably harvested fish . This deepsea inhabitant , referred to by the name of ` slimehead ' prior to marketing experts changing the name to ` orange roughy , is a slow-growing , long-lived fish . These fish do not reproduce until they are in their 20 's and they live to 130 + years . When eating this fish , you may very well be eating a creature well over 100 years in age , from a population that has little chance of rebounding after initial harvests . On top of all this , the fishing practice used to capture these fish , namely deep sea bottom trawling , is one of the most destructive fishing practices known to humankind . Comparable to bulldozing down forests , huge nets equipped with heavy gear scrape along the sides of seamounts , removing ancient cold water corals and other benthic habitat . There is no excuse for ever eating this fish when there are so many alternatives .
 I was very disappointed with this soup base . Not that it has a bad flavor just that is is definitely not a shrimp flavor . Would pass for a fish base but no more than that . Even as a fish base you can tell that they are using flavors that the FDA would pass as natural but we would all be surprised at exactly where they came from . The first ingredient is shrimp and natural shrimp liquids but I would say that there is a lot more juice than shrimp meat . Tremendous amount of salt but that is to be expected in these things . You would be better off spending your money on the cost equivalent of frozen shrimp and use that in place of this . Then you would have a more authentic flavor and more control over the salt .
 The service from the company was very good . The product was terrible . It didnt ' smell like `` beef '' base and sure as heck did n't taste anything like `` beef '' base . In fact , it tasted terrible . Not bland -LRB- it is the low sodium version -RRB- , just bad . The lower sodium version of Better Than Boullion , unfortunately , has more sodium than this one but it tastes SO much better . I 'll have to go back to using that as this is just plain BAD .
 Minor 's has changed their soup bases for the worse increasing the salt and starch filler at the expense of flavor . I bought some soup bases a few years ago and especially liked the clam and mushroom bases . Unfortunately , the manufacturer sent me a promo postcard years later offering free shipping and cheaper prices if I ordered directly so I ordered a bunch and the only tolerable one was the low sodium chicken . This mushroom base is useless and you will taste acrid saltiness before you ever taste mushroom . I use it in lieu of salt -LRB- with the bonus of an msg quality -RRB- in oatmeal , teff flour , ground beef and ginger pieces for a not quite Cream of Mushroom Soup stand-in .
 Thought it would be more inclined toward the mushroom concentrate than any other thing . So when I started the water and put an average amount , the kind I would use on other base products , I was startled by the amount of salt I found myself tasting . Yes , if you use a much smaller quantity it does have its redeeming quality but , really , if I wanted so much salt on a base I would have ordered Salt Base . It works in small amounts and do not get me wrong
 The service from the company was very good . The product itself was good . It didnt ' smell like `` chicken '' base and did n't taste much like it either . Cant ' say it was bad but it certainly didnt ' tast good . As witht the beef version , the lower sodium version of Better Than Boullion , unfortunately , has more sodium than this one but it tastes SO much better . I 'll have to go back to using that as this is not good .
 I ordered this mix in the hope of finding a quick way to make sauce when traveling in my Rv . I made some following the directions on the pak . The sauce never thickened and I ended having to thicken it with corn starch . Not wishing to waste the $ 5 cost of the mix I ended up adding some of the ingredients I use to make my own sauce . In the end I would have saved time and money by making it from scratch.bbb
 All melted and as they were tightly packed in a box all squashed so not recoverable . If you live in a hot place dont order these . Looks like I am not the only who had this problem , hard to tell who was at fault , were they melted before or during the transit ?
 This candy had been placed in a over heated place or in the sun , and clearly had melted . It was not usable for passing out for trick or treat , that is why I ordered it . Very dissapointed .
 melted candy + no return policy = never again ordering from jina lee.Fix this or lose your business on here jina . THANKS !
 This obviously is a chocolate candy such as you might buy for Halloween treats . However , I ordered it in late spring and the weather throughout the country was unseasonably warm this year . The people that shipped it simply stuffed the bag in a box and mailed it to me in the 80 degree weather . Needless to say , when it arrived , there was not one piece of the candy in it 's original shape . It was melted every which way and stuck to the wrappers . The Reese 's peanut butter cups were flattened as though someone had sat on them so had to be pealed from both the stability sheet , the wrapper and the paper cup . The flavor was ok but each piece was a real challenge to eat . Does n't anybody use their head when they are shipping such things ? Where is that supervisor ??? This should have been shipped with dry ice . Capeech ????
 How disappointing to get this and find a bag full of melted candy . I suppose it is still edible and can be passed out for Halloween , but I expected the quality to be better . And I know it did n't melt here because it is Michigan in October - it 's cold !
 These must have been melted in transit or before . All of them were misshapen and smooshed . They taste good though . . just would n't want to pass them out for Halloween .
 When I received my order for this item -LRB- Bulgur Wheat , Light , 1 lb. , from Barry Farm -RRB- , it was n't the light bulgur wheat with the hulls removed as illustrated , but the dark version with the hulls not removed . I rated it one star because the product was not as represented and because Barry Farms did not respond to my request to return it . It 's OK if you want the brown bulgur wheat .
 I have had Teff before and this particular brand is nearly tasteless except for the after taste of grass . I would never order any of this again .
 Our local grocery store source dried up , and we love the yirgacheffe , so came to Amazon hoping that we had found a replacement source . Price was acceptable - within a few cents of our grocery store price . Packaging was fine . Shipping time was as promised . Quality quite simply sucked . We picked one bag of the four at random . The beans were dry , with no ` oil ' or aroma . We made a pot with the proportions of beans to water that we always use , which turned out weak and watery-tasting . VERY disappointing . We have kept the remaining bags as an emergency backup in the freezer , but honestly , hope we never have to use them ! We found an acceptable alternative at a local source , at a slightly higher price , but superb quality and flavor .
 First the good news
 Depends on what you are looking for ... Here are the actual ingredients listed on the package
 This product is not pure palm sugar and consumers need to be aware of this . Amazon.com should be required to list the ingredients of all their food products , otherwise consumers do n't know what they are truly buying . This Thai Palm Sugar is mixed with white cane sugar and for consumers looking for a pure palm sugar , this product is very deceiving in it 's name . There is another palm sugar sold on Amazon.com that is pure , which i suggest for consumers who want an unadulterated palm sugar .
 These stuffed clams were OK but , nothing great . I do betterlocally or made by me . If you do n't want to take your timegoing to your local Fish Monger or making the yourself , The these would suffice as a treat .
 I was hoping for some clams in the stuffed clams . Instead it was all breading with clam flavor . Very disappointing and very fattening . I bought some snows chopped clams and made my own . They at least had clams !
 I remember being 10 years old and having these bad boys in my pocket . I would walk down to the corner store and pick some up , it was a very proud memory of mine that has been crushed by the present day purchase of this box . These sticks are only good enough for sidewalk chalk . They may not cause cancer , but it sure feels like it because they taste like they 're 20 years old .
 I have to say , either the other reviewers have lost their memories , or they did not have the same candy cigarettes that i had as a kid . These are not the same things , they are a cheap knock off with a different taste and texture . I am saddened by the people who thought these were the same things , that some of us remember as a kid . Maybe they are younger than me and did not get to taste the wonderfulness of the original ones or maybe they have just forgotten.These imitations are just as someone else had stated on a different set of the same cigarettes . I thought maybe since this one had better reviews , that it might be a different manufacturer selling the same cigarettes . However i was wrong . The other person is absolutely right . These cigarettes do not have that chalky texture that the originals had . Sure you may say , well is n't that a good thing . No , it is not . It was n't like they tasted like chalk . If anyone remembers pepto-bismal and how it was the only thing you actually did n't mind taking when you were sick . You remember that flavor was very similar to the flavor of candy cigarettes . The new texture is more gooey and chewy , which just does n't feel the same when you eat them.The flavor was similar to wintergreen breath savers , but a little different in the originals and the new one is an off flavor of the same but just does n't taste as good to me . This product has left me completely disappointed , since i was hoping to get the same candy cigarettes i had as a kid , but am now left with 24 boxes of candy cigarettes that i do not even enjoy . If you are a fan of the originals and remember the greatness of them , you will be hugely disappointed when these arrive . The only way you will enjoy these , is if you never got to experience the originals in the first place and must have had these ones all along.Luckily though , they were under 8 dollars with free shipping from amazon , otherwise i would be demanding a refund . I guess i will just give them out to random friends and hope they enjoy them . I miss the originals , but now after trying these i am afraid they are gone forever.Also , i forgot to mention , the size of each box and the cigarettes inside are almost half the size of the original ones as well .
 These are my FAVORITE candy ! I decided that , when I went to a local candy store here and they wanted to charge me $ 1.00 a box , that I needed to just order my own for cheaper ! The shipping was very quick.However , when I received them , they 're all broken ! I opened numerous boxes and all are in pieces . I could n't find one full candy cigarette . On top of THAT , they are hard as rocks ! Definitely not the delicious candy that I know and love . These were disgusting . I will not be ordering from here again .
 Ordered these thinking they would be great based on the reviews . I just ate one and spat it out . It is barely sweet . It has barely any taste at all .
 I bought a box of these , excited that I would finally get to try the infamous candy cigarettes but the sender sent it to the wrong place - it had been delivered and I received the confirmation email but the mail-room that should have received it had no packages for me . I emailed the seller that I never got my package and they apologized for not being able to help me because according to their records , it was received . A few days later , I found the package , delivered to the wrong place - the sender told me they could n't mail it to me again if it was sent back to them because it `` was n't covered '' in the money I spent buying the candies . Terrible , TERRIBLE customer service - if it 's they 're fault , they should take responsibility for it .
 I just blew 12 bucks to find out that this is NOT Amaretto tea but ordinary tasteless tea . Since I had to open it to find out that it was not Amaretto tea , I can not return it . Very unhappy with the product and the whole experience . Will not be shopping with this seller again .
 i purchased this premium ceylon TEA from The Metropolitan Tea Company Ltd. via Amazon i believed it to be amaretto flavored as it is posted as Ciao Amaretto Tea but it only tastes like plain ordinary tea . I purchased it for christmas gift for two amaretto tea lovers and we are very dissappointed !
 I looked forward to this tea and I do n't know why . I was disappointed in the flavor and I have made better tea myself by adding a drop of Anise candy flavoring to green tea .
 Boo . This tea is horrible ! It sounded delicious but they do n't overtly advertise the sasaperilla and rooibos mixed in with the chamomile , vanilla and cinnamon . It 's overwhelming - and I like rooibos tea . These flavors just do n't go together in my book .
 Culinary Teas Gourmet Teas Pumpkin Spice TeaPrice
 I ordered this one week ago . I was shocked to see that the nuts were all infested -- worms and very disgusting stuff . I called up Amazon customer service , they immediately sent me another pack . But it was the same bad quality . Do n't buy this .
 I love most of Stash 's green teas . LOVE them . Most of them are grassy and flavorful but lack the bitterness of many other brands of green.This is the exception . Blech ! It is incredibly astringent , something even more common in Jasmine greens than in a straight green . I recommend trying it from a grocery store before committing to a large Amazon purchase unless you happen to like bitter tea . That sounds absurd to me , but I do have friends who prefer their tea with a bitter bite.TheYamamotoyama Jasmine Tea Bag -LRB- which stash also sells , but I could n't find it here -RRB- is flavorful but NOT bitter .
 This is the worst tasting `` candy '' I have ever tried . I had to spit it out . If you took a candle , dripped some melted wax into a disc , then put it into your mouth , THAT would taste better . And they were irregular bark shaped pieces , what happened ? I thought they were supposed to be flamingo shaped . The chocolate had also `` bloomed '' , meaning the surface was white . I do n't know if they were too old or inferior , perhaps both . Edit
 I bought 3 bags of hodgepodge , hoping for a good variety ... so much for that . All 3 bags were identical , about 2/3 full of fruit gems , the other 1/3 being a mix of cinnamun jelly hearts , pectin jelly beans , and what I believe were rejected gummy slugs from Jelly Belly 's Harry Potter line . The fruit gems seemed old , they were mostly rather hardened , not the nice soft fruit gems you can buy in stores . The cinnamon hearts were also rather hard , for the most part , though they seemed a bit fresher than the fruit gems . The jelly beans were the only thing in the mix really worth the effort -- not as good as the regular Jelly Bellies , but good . The gummy slugs were absolutely repulsive ... they were much waxier than normal gummy candy , forming a rather nasty-feeling substance that sticks to your teeth , and they tasted horrible , like some sort of cleaning product . I ended up picking out the jelly beans and tossing the rest ... NOT worth the money ! If you can pick your own hodgepodge at an outlet store , go for it , but I highly reccommend NOT buying through the mail !
 These were GROSS , had to pitch them . what a waste.They were all the same no hod podge .
 JUST POUR RAW SUGAR INTO YOUR MOUTH ! Belly flops are great . Hodgepodge is NOT .
 I was a little disappointed with the selection included in the Hodgepodge 2.5 pound bag . There was not as great of a variety as I had expected and the product did n't really seem worth the money that I spent on it . The products were okay -- just not a spectacular buy for the money .
 so not worth your money or calories . just go to the store and buy the candy you want .
 The fruit gems were not flavorful at all . The green jelly beans were definitely sub-standard to your jelly bellies . There was no pizzazz in the bag of Fruit Gem Hodgepodge I received . I have four boys -LRB- 24 -16 -RRB- and they did n't eat the Hodgepodge , it sat on my book case for weeks until I through out the remaining candy . The jelly bellies go within one week , we love those .
 I was very disappointed with this product . I have seen the fruit gem hodgepodge purchased at the factory and it was full of variety . My bag was 97 % yellow fruit somethings that tasted awful with the rest being a few jelly beans -LRB- not the jelly belly kind -RRB- and something else I could n't identify . Being a good sport I tried everything which all tasted awful so I through out the entire bag ! I feel that they ship out the stuff they ca n't sell at the factory gift shop . Will not order through the mail again , EVER !!!!
 There should be a ZERO Star Rating!We ordered three bags of hodgepodge hoping to get at least some variety in flavors with that many bags . Unfortunately that was n't the case . Almost everything was yellow or green -- our two least favorite flavors ! There were several differently-shaped items , but almost everything was lemon or lime . Of course , that 's the risk you run , according to the description.To Jelly Belly Management -- What a great way to alienate your loyal customers.To Jelly Belly Customers -- Caveat emptor -LRB- `` Let the buyer beware . '' -RRB- Bottom line , HodgePodge is a waste of money .
 We recieved a 2.5 pound bag 90 % FULL of sunkist gems -LRB- mostly orange -RRB- and easter jelly beans tossed in the mix and that was it !! Another waste of time and money , we wo n't be ordering this again .
 This really was n't at all what was described on the website , most of the candy I got was n't listed in the description . We also did n't get any chocolate . Last bag of Hodgepodge for me !
 They are fair . An acquired taste but at $ 7 for ten small pieces if you have not acquired the taste , I would stick to Kit Kats -- smile.I must say did get the product on time as advertised but from the photo and the price I expected larger portions .
 The chocolate is EXPIRED and arrived in a dusty banged up box that could n't be gifted to anyone . It 's clear that someone just went on a trip , brought back a lot of chocolate and has been selling them online since w/out any kind of quality control . The chocolate was n't even mailed in a box to protect it , the vendor used a regular enveloped.The price is unwarranted . The picture of the product is quite deceiving , each bar is half the size of a full-sized kit kat bar.I could n't recommend - they 're plenty of other Ferreo products that taste the same , cost less and are n't expired on Amazon .
 The candy was delivered on time as promised . The only thing I had a problem with is that my product did not taste like what I purchased . Wherever they stored it , it must have been close to bubblegum because that is what the candy tasted like . Just like when some of your food is in the refrigerator too long and starts to take on the taste and smell of another item in the fridge , thats exactly what I dealt with . I hope the wholesaler fixes this problem but until then , I 'm done with ordering candy online .
 I did n't care for this pumpkin soup , it taste more like pumpkin flavored corn starch .
 Difficult to connect the pieces , and almost impossible to take apart without breaking it . The capsules were nice , but not worth it . SUPER DISAPPOINTING .
 The peanut butter cups came in good condition . They were warm but intact . However , they all had expired in March . Sent them back for a refund with amazon . Would not recommend buying them .
 Reese 's box was banged up , torn , and missing the bottom ... then taped back together . The bottom half of the product was damaged and inedible . I assume this damage occured from the seller as the shipping box was intact . Further , most of the product was melted . Will not buy again .
 Jelly Belly makes awesome beans . No problem there.This cute little , and I mean small jar does n't hold much more than a regular sized Jelly bean bag . The Bean part is less than 4 inches high and wide . That is not a whole lot of beans in my book . If this was 10 Dollars it would be ok , but at 19 dollars its an awful rip off and I do n't complain often.Jelly Belly does n't need to dig their hands that deep into my pockets.Don ' t bother with this `` gift '' until they price is corrected .
 product was fine but it took 2 weeks to arrive-would not use this vender again
 The description states that this tea has a `` pronounced musty character , '' and they 're not kidding ! Perhaps my palate is not yet delicate enough to appreciate Pu-erh , or this tea is not representative of others out there , but my experience with this particular sample was that I could have thrown some dirt and/or compost in the teapot and achieved a similar flavor . Not for the faint of heart !
 I can not write a review on how the item was because I never got it ! I would tell others to NOT purchase from this candy company . I had to contact Amazon to get a refund . The candy company expected me to research where and when the item was shipped . They were rude . BUYER BEWARE !!!!
 Purchased this lavender sugar to put on lavender sugar cookies . The cookies were great , but the lavender shgar was n't that sparkly . I was looking for edible glitter ; this is not it .
 These sprinkles looked black in the container , which says `` Black Sugar '' on it , but I was annoyed to find that they are very green . They are definitely hunter green sprinkles . I took a random poll of members of my household and 3 out of 3 confirmed -LRB- with no prompting or leading questions from me besides `` What color are these sprinkles ? '' -RRB- that these are undoubtedly green .
 Amazon has always been excellent for pricing . However , I expected to get at least 2 bottles of sprinkles for $ 6 . I just got 1 . They are under $ 3 in the stores . I wo n't be ordering sprinkles again from Amazon , needless to say .
 I was so excited about these sprinkles for my cupcake decorating needs ... that is until i tried a cupcake that i had LIGHTLY dusted with the glitter.It feels like tiny razors in your mouth and absolutely ruins the texture of your baked goods . Go natural , dump these `` edible '' flakes .
 I used this sparkle for my daughter 's birthday cake , but the sparlkes did not show at all so its just a waste of time unless you are putting it on a dark color cake .
 Apparently the ORIGINAL Twix Peanut Butter -LRB- PB -RRB- bar has been discontinued and was replaced with this inferior version -LRB- I guess at least a couple of years ago -RRB- . Wish I had known that before ordering these bars ! Yet another perfectly GOOD product needlessly messed up by the manufacturer ! This version has a dark chocolate cookie , which I guess is okay ; but it does not taste near as good to my tastebuds as the original PB bar with the standard cookie ! I guess I will have to look for something else the next time I get a peanut butter candy/cookie urge that needs satisfying . Again , for whatever reasons , companies just can never seem to leave well enough alone , go figure ?
 I DONT LIKE ALL THE FLAVORS AND THERE WAS N'T A LOT FOR THE PRICE I PAID . BUT I AM OUT OF OPTIONS SINCE MOST PLACES DO N'T SELL THIS .
 The order arrived fairly quickly - but I was disappointed because the candy was stale and there were not many `` recipes '' included in the box for mixing the flavours
 I bougt these for my diabetic girlfriend and they were not the hit I was hoping they 'd be . She ate less than half the box in matter of few weeks and threw the rest away . The taste was n't good and she stated they left an aftertaste . I would not recommend this although I do n't know of any sugar-free candy that does taste good .
 I enjoy chocolate covered marshmallow candy - but I had to spit out bites from the two of these that I tried . The marshmallow appears to be yellowing . Although the expiration date is 2014 , the candy tastes very stale .
 I really wanted to like this coffee ! It smells wonderful , I thought it would taste wonderful too . However , I was very disappointed . I tried making it stronger , weaker , and everything in between . No matter what I did it still tasted horrible . I would not recommend this coffee . : -LRB-
 I tried this for my 6 month old , who had a bad reaction apparently to the raspberries , as he had been introduced to pears prior to that . My pediatrician chastised me and said that berries of any kind should n't be introducted to infants until they are at least a year old . We love Earth 's Best baby foods , but now I know to do extra research and not assume that just because the label says `` 6 months and up '' does n't make it okay !
 This item was a little pricey for what it was , but it was shipped quickly and was perfect for a last minute birthday gift .
 I ordered the assorted Bazooka bubble gum and received the original flavor only . Since I have opened the package , it looks like I am stuck . Would have been happier had I paid for what I requested .
 Arrived in the stated time . The taste is not for me . I like chai tea , but this one is not at all anything I would drink . Some may like it though , everyone is different .
 My issue with this product is that not all the jars have the same texture and consistency , what makes me wonder , some are fresh , and some are not ... some jars had the spinach smooth , some other jars had it dry and `` stiff '' . I want to make sure that what I give to my baby is good and fresh . This product did not convinced me 100 % . I have to say I am happy with the squash , peas , among others .
 My little boy , 8 months , has always liked all of the Earth Best baby food but he did not care for the Strained Green Beans & Rice . I tried a little and thought it tasted awful
 My baby does n't like it at all.Earth 's best is much less smooth than Gerber 's . The bean is not as fresh as you make your own .
 Every jar of this food I opened was stiff and seemed old to me . More importantly , it made my daughter vomit while eating it , both times within five minutes.This has not happened with other foods including other types of Earths Best foods . The first time it happened , I thought it was a fluke . Now I 'm convinced there is something wrong with it . I tasted it and it tasted aweful , slimy and stiff , the worst tasting baby food ever , and I like spinach.I will not feed her any more of this food and do n't know what to do with my many unused jars . I want a refund !
 Describing this material as `` cranberry tea '' seems unfortunate . It is merely bitter black tea with a few shreds of something not definable . Perhaps I should have realized from the picture that it would have no cranberry flavor or scent and ordered the cranberry-apple instead . I will return it to the company and they can compost it , because that is its only value . Laurence
 I love azuki beans . I 've had canned and also cooked them from dried beans . In general , I 'm fond of Eden products.I do n't know what happened with this product . These are beans are gross . First , they are all split apart and crushed . This is not a canned bean issue , as I 've had ones in cans that were n't like this.Also , for a reason I 'm not sure of , they are more gas-producing than every azuki bean I 've ever eaten , and I even rinsed the beans before eating . Oh , ca n't forget the slime at the bottom of the can -LRB- more than average for canned beans -RRB- . To top it off , they have almost no flavor.I 'm so disappointed . I 'm never buying these again .
 Only three jars came in a form edible to babies . The rest of them were filled will a clump of spongy mush that would not mix with the water . It also had a brown color and not the yellowish brown like the jars that had the good mixture.Pretty disappointing and a waste of money .
 Wow , i am shocked to find clear plastic pieces in the jars . The other posters say they notified Earth 's Best about this in August and they are still selling it without checking or recalling !! No more earth 's best for my little guy . I am taking my business elsewhere and I am very sad that organic company is selling baby food with plastic and bpa in their jars . They got ta do better than this to get my business .
 To be fair only one of my twins got gas from this but it was horrible . Up all night screaming from gas pains . Garbanzo beans are not an ideal food for young babies .
 I usually make my baby 's food ... . it 's so easy , steam fruits & veggies and puree ... . but sometimes I do n't have enough time to cook and I buy Earth 's Best baby foods ... baby likes all the fruits and veggies so far but did n't like this one . She refused to eat it . When I tried it I understood why , I would n't eat it myself either ... it tastes nasty ... . my poor baby ... . immediately I made her a homemade potato , zucchini , & asparagus puree and she loved it . I would n't recommend this flavor !
 This is my daughter 's most favorite baby food by far . This is the only ones she 'll eat and rarely will eat the other kinds . However , the taste is very bland , for me as an adult at least . After you put the unfinished portion in the fridge , it may become sort of watery at which point I throw it out . It is unique from the others in the combination of vegetables it has , especially zucchini.I had to update my review today , because I saw little pieces of thin stretchy plastic in two jars of this baby food . PLASTIC IN BABY FOOD ? I notified Earth 's Best about it and will be sending them these pieces of plastic for testing , but I am not giving my baby this food any more , even though she likes it , that 's it for us .
 I normally love Earth 's Best products -LRB- as does my son -RRB- . However , tonight after I 'd given him half the jar I thought I would try some since it was a new flavor and I realized that there were little pieces or soft shredded plastic in it . I was appalled ! As this is my first child and I do n't have any experience with this kind of thing , I called poison control . They said he would be ok and once I knew he was fine , I got really angry . I looked it up online and found that Earth 's Best has actually known about the plastic for some time but are still selling it . Do n't buy Earth 's Best ! Really disappointing .
 My triplets will not eat this , eventhe one who will eat ANYTHING . The consistency is way too runny as well and does not stay on the spoon .
 I just wanted to post here that I found small bits of plastic in this food as I was feeding my 9 month old . Plastic !!! in food !!!! baby food !!! So please be careful if you buy this or are considering it.My daughter LOVES this food -- it 's actually her favorite . This is the first time we have noticed plastic in it in over 2 months .
 Do n't buy this product ... it is very hard to chew ... there are also very little cranapples ... attempted to return this product to Enjoy Life . . but they never responded to my disappointment in their cereal
 I picked up a bag of these at my local health food store a few months ago after hearing that Pirate 's Booty was a great product . These tasted rather odd to me and I wound up getting rid of the bag as quickly as possible . Puffed corn and a chocolate type of taste just do n't go well together in my opinion . It might have been ok if the cocoa was all you could taste , but that was not the case here .
 Unfortunately , I did n't find this coffee at all flavorful . I could n't detect the rich chocolate flavor it is supposed to have . It tastes a bit like weak butter toffee to me . The coffee itself did n't have a robust flavor either , and I used plenty of it . Perhaps I 'm still comparing all chocolate flavored coffees with that of the discontinued Millstone Chocolate Velvet Decaf , which was intensely flavored along with a good full-flavored coffee . The Chocolate Thunder just did n't come close . My search continues ...
 No matter what you mix this with , it tastes terrible !! It is thick and chunky . Does not mix well in shaker or blender . I actually regret buying this product .
 I , like most people , do n't ever expect much in terms of taste from a protein powder . I always start my day with a protein shake , and have tried tons of them . Generally , if its gross , I 'll just add more fruit and deal with it.I bought this one because I wanted to try maca -LRB- did n't give much of a boost , but maybe that 's just me -RRB- , and the health stats were great.No amount of fruit makes this bearable . This is , hands down , the most disgusting protein powder I have ever tried . Do yourself a favor and save your money .
 This product was Bad , I fully gave this product a full chance to even grow on me , but it never did . It was the Maca I 'm afraid . The one without Maca it tasted much better .
 Not the worst tasting protein powder , but not the best either . Interesting additions not found in traditional powders .
 So we cancelled the order . It was cancelled without any problem . That is a positive note ...
 Taste and price was not worth it . Only one package came , not what the picture indicated . It was not worth it .
 These chips , although tasty , are loaded with salt ! The barbecue flavor was nice , but the chip had a ` prefab ' texture and no fiber . Stick with your favorite T-chip ... and never -LSB- I mean NEVER -RSB- buy any product with the word ` healthy ' in the title .
 Was very disappointed with this cheese . It just did n't have the taste I expected and I eventually had to throw it away .
 I ordered these Now & Laters and they are not what I requested . The Image shows a tub of Giant Now & Laters . What I recieved was a tub of the regular sized Now & Laters in the classic flavors.According to the list , the flavors should be : Tropical Punch , Banana , Apple , Grape & CherryThe product actually contains : Watermelon , Strawberry , Apple , Grape & CherryThey arrived in a timely manner and were fresh , but it is not quite what I thought I was getting . There is a mix up in description in a few of the other Now & Later vendors pages as well . Be mindful of that and verify the description against the image . I merely wish people to be aware of what the actual product is so they wo n't anticipate getting the flavors I was expecting and wind up being disappointed . Hopefully this relatively minor issue will be resolved .
 Had high hopes for this coffee , as a reviewer stated that it had a natural coconut favor . It is dreadful . The product smells like coconut , but has an awful chemical taste . It has a hideous flavor coupled with sickening vanilla background taste . To top things off , it leaves a bitter after taste in your mouth . This product is not drinkable .
 I was very disappointed that this coffee did not have much coconut taste at all and now I 'm stuck with 4 bags ! I tastes ok as plain coffee but that 's not what I wanted.I think if you gave a cup to someone and did n't tell them it was flavored they would think it was plain coffee .
 I am in my late 30 's , weigh only 100 lbs . I bought this drink at a local Seven Eleven , and drank quarter a bottle on my way home on foot . I felt somehow lightheaded while I was walking home . Then , about 10 minutes later , after getting home , I had another quarter . My heart started racing , and suddenly I had a bowel movement . When I came out of the bathroom , I felt a little better . Then , I took plenty of water to flush it down . In total , I just had half a bottle , but it still was too strong for me . I was lucky that I read the direction before opening the bottle , but the direction on the bottle was not clear and I am afraid that it is unreadable for some people .
 I bought one of these to try after reading something online about how it works great and has no crash . Cautiously , I drank a small sip from a bottle . Probably less than a 16th of the two serving bottle . Very soon I was tweaking quite extremely and my friend noticed how irritable I had become from the drink . However , it did seem to wear off a few hours later without a crash . I gave it a tentative try the next day , only drinking a tiny sip twice during the day . Similar effect , so far so good . The third day I tried a tiny sip in the morning and developed an excruciating headache and nausea that has lasted for two days now . I feel extremely overwired and unable to come down from it . Very very sick . I feel horrible still two days later and I hope I improve soon .
 I use a lot of energy drinks -LRB- Jack3d , redbull , assault . . etc -RRB- . This is the worst energy drink you can have . It is just awful . First the crashing afterwards is maximized . i had to sleep for 2 days straight after this . No other energy drinks do that . Redbull and jack3d and Monster are all great . Worst part is , I did not even get that much kick out of it . It is the worst drink you can buy .
 I am a bible believing Christian who took this product and got hooked on it . . It mad me irritable , angry , mad and I lost friends and my job because of this product ... I am blessed to never use it again . WARNING TO ALL >
 Do not read if you are easily grossed out ! I started buying these because I was tired all the time and did n't want coffee stains on my teeth or coffee breath . After a while I started noticing blood in my stool -LRB- embarrassing , i know but i want to warn everyone that they should n't buy this stuff -RRB- . I had crazy mood swings and i 'm normally an easy-going person . The bottle warns bi-polar and depressed people that those tendencies will increase . If you 're gon na drink caffein just stick to coffee and tea . This stuff is toxic .
 Maybe if you workout it 's ok but be careful because it can make your heart race too much . I took.a whole bottle because im used to taking bigger energy drinks with multiple serving in the can but it was a huge mistake ... my heart was beating out of my chest for over 8 hours and I was sweating for about just as long . I 'm a big guy and not overweight 6 ' 3 and weigh 190 ... DO NOT TAKE !!!
 I bought this tea on sale at Whole Foods for $ 6.99 . It is definitely overpriced at the sale price . The quality is only average . I actually thought it lacked flavor . There are much better black teas on the market for far less .
 This is one big disappointment to me : -LRB- I thought I was getting a bargain - but I guess you get what you pay for.These sticks look dirty , and some are so oddly shaped that they are unusable - and they have no fragrance either.I like to put a cinnamon stick in my coffee maker each day ... and I am not even certain these are cinnamon sticks.Don ' t make the same mistake I did - do n't bother ordering these ! :-LRB- : -LRB-
 I have been reading up on Cinnamon , it appears , some are not real cinnamon but indead `` Cassia '' . Cassia can be hard on the liver so , I am posting this link to a site and you can all read up on it your self and decide what to do . I would love to hear more on this subject . I am `` NOT '' saying to buy from this company but it has good reading and would come more good reading on the subject . www.ceylon-cinnamon.comI was made to put a rating on this product , I did buy and good price but now need to check out to make sure it is `` REAL and not `` CASSIA '' . All welcome if know about it already ...
 There was absolutely NO scent to these , I should 've listened to the reviews , but I thought they were just complaining . : / Nope , they might as well not even be cinnamon . Only good if you want something that LOOKS like cinnamon sticks , without smelling or tasting like cinnamon !
 I love make my tea with Cinnamon Sticks , I thought I was getting a big deal with this order , but it turn out be a big disappointment . The cinnamon sticks do n't have any smell , I Bring 30 sticks into boil water , and they only have a little bit fragrance.don ' t buy from them , I throw mine away !!!
 The flavoring of this coffee is very `` fake '' - it 's ok if you tend to like the artificially-flavored syrups used in coffee , or if you like the typical flavored coffees . It 's not for me - I want a subtle real flavor and a strong coffee . This one does n't do it . Fool 's pumpkin spice is a better bet for a decaf pumpkin spice .
 Recently my husband and I ordered the Bistro Grill Sampler , of which this was one of the meals . It was the only one we really disliked . Although I cooked to the minimum time , the meat was tough and overcooked . Worst of all was the bourbon sauce , gooey and gelatinous , very hospital - or cat food-esque , with a strong rancid garlic smell . I love garlic , but this was not a good flavor . On the plus side , the meat had no fat or gristle . Just my $ .02
 I 'm a cheese lover , plain and simple . I love fried cheese and thought these would be as good ... No . Ugh . Ew . Gross.They 're hard and hurt to bite into and taste like salty cheese flavored cardboard . I like popcorn , too and these definitely do not fill that empty space.If you 're watching your carbs , try eating real cheese .
 This was the worst tasting stuff that I have ever eaten . It did not even taste like cheese . I would not waste my money on this product .
 Ugh ! I sure had high hopes and I was bitterly disappointed . These things were just nasty . I LOVE their other products -LRB- `` just the cheese '' -RRB- but not these things.I even heated them up as suggested but they did n't get better .
 These are disgusting ! I do not recomend this product at all ... . Do n't waste $ 19.00 because that is what you 'll spend after shipping !!!!!!!!!!!
 Misread ad and thought it was cheese flavored popcorn . Did not care for the taste
 I am a salty snack lover , and I could not eat more than a few of these at a time before I totally lost interest in them . Then the rest of the bag would sit until I threw it away . I like almost anything , but I do n't like these .
 I had hoped that this gluten free item was flavorful and a nutritious tasty snack . I found it dry as dust in your mouth with a burnt cheesy flavor . Some co-workers liked them but if I could send them back I would .
 We bought 2 of the 6 paks for Just the Cheese Butter Flavor Popped Cheese . The 6 individual bags held about 15-18 pieces of the popped cheese . Thank goodness the popped cheese pieces were flavored in butter an did have that buttery flavor . However , when the butter flavors go , you feel like you are eating rice cakes with zero taste . I 'll not make this mistake again .
 These are just awful . I love all kinds of toasted cheese , but simply could n't eat these . Fed them to the dogs .
 These are just awful . I love all kinds of toasted cheese , but simply could n't eat these . Fed them to the dogs .
 Even after reading previous reviews I purchased this item . It tastes horrible , like protein powder in chunks ! My son who eats about anything did not like this nor the rest of my family . We just threw it all away . Disgusting , I will try to get a high protein snack elsewhere .
 ORIGINAL REVIEW -LRB- Jan 2008 -RRB-
 This is a good idea -LRB- I think -RRB- , but the taste is TOO dry and the butter flavor is awful . I made it through half a bag and could n't force myself to eat the rest . Stick with fresh cheese as a snack , this is not a good substitute .
 I over bought . They arent bad ... but the flavor is intense ... to intense for me to eat more than a few at a time ...
 Just way too salty . That 's all . They could be really good but lack of proper reasoning and tasting made the producers of this product incorrectly believe that it was palatable . So salty you ca n't enjoy them .
 Of all the Atkins type food I have ever eaten This has to be the worst.Just wrighting about them I can still taste them and its nasty.My Dog would not eat them and I have 2 cases.Lesson learned
 I was looking for a good low-carb snack -LRB- like everyone else -RRB- . I came across these and decided to give them a try . They taste like burnt artificial cheese . I would not recommend them .
 I really wanted to like these , but I could n't . They 're a great idea , and I wholeheartedly support anyone trying to produce tasty lo-carb snacks . But - it pains me to say - these are disgusting . They are terrible . Burned and ash-y . I tried more than one bag , and wound up throwing them all away.You can make toasted cheese ` chips ' yourself - put two or three , 3/4 '' cubes of medium cheddar , well separated on a piece of parchment , in the microwave , and cook till the edges are brown and the centers firm -LRB- this takes about 1:45 in my micro -RRB- . Peel them loose , let cool and eat . Or , go buy a $ 2 bag of pork rinds . Just stay away from this product .
 I found these okay at best . On the salty side . Not very enjoyable . Okay snack .
 This is nasty stuff.It 's hard & crunchy , but the flavor is thatof burnt cheese , nummmmmmy !!!!
 These are really gross ! I tried them because I am looking for snacks that are low carb and high protien .
 First off let me say for that tiny amount of snack these are way overpriced ... especially after you try them . These were SO disgusting ... my husband and I both tried these and at first the taste was just mildly bad but as we chewed the more gross it got until we were both scrambling for a trash can . And that 's not a normal response for either of us when something tastes bad ... it was just so horrible that it was spit it out or gag on it .
 I thought this might taste like parmeson crisps you get in restaurants.I was wrong . They taste burnt and are hard to swallow even when chewed thouroughly . Also , Still had quite a bit of sodium .
 I was very disappointed with the harsh , almost `` burnt '' taste of this snack . As a low carb eater , I was looking forward to a crunchy , cheesy snack that would satisfy my `` crunch craving '' . It is crunchy , but the flavor is terrible . Do n't waste your money .
 This `` snack '' -LRB- lol -RRB- tastes like cheese that had been baked in the oven for about a month . Kinda looks like it too . Make sure you have a beverage near by when you try them ... very very dry .
 I have had parmeson crisps before and thought these would be similar.They tasted burnt and were hard to swallow even after thourough chewing . Not tasty at all .
 I would give this Zero Stars if possible . Absoutely terrible . I wish there had been reviews when I ordered . I was hoping for a good crunchy low carb snack . These did not fill the bill . Anyone interested in the 5 unopened bags ?
 This is the first review I have ever written on Amazon . I wish I had read the reviews before I tossed $ 14 down the commode . These are the most terrible tasing things I have ever put into my mouth . The texture is gritty , there is no taste except excessive salt . How can cheese , which I LOVE , be made to taste this bad ? The only thing good about them is the smell . They smell like butter but taste like % @ & # . One handful and the rest were flushed . I will definitely check the reviews before buying any more food products on line .
 I had such high hopes for these . I eat low carb and have been really looking for something crunchy . Unfortunately , these were so salty I could not eat them . The taste was n't very good either . Instead , try Doctor Krackers flatbreads . They 're way better .
 I purchased this snack product with an open mind while looking for some variety in my low carb snacking . The open mind did n't help the taste ...
 Although these are low-carb , they are really not low-calorie , and more importantly they taste disgusting ! They look like poop , and taste like cardboard and/or burnt butter . They 're just gross , and I would n't recommend them to anyone !
 Could not eat this product , the taste was horrible.Decided to give to a few friends also on Atkins diet and they could not eat it at all , it taste that bad.Sorry but the truth.ThanksLili
 My shipment just arrived today and it was not worth the wait or the price . What a disappointment ! Both my husband and I tried them and one piece was enough . I am hoping my daughter 's dog will eat them . Low carbs or not , this is not worth it .
 These do not taste anything like popcorn or even cheese . Makes me think of cardboard with salt sprinkled on top .
 Very tasty , but very misleading packaging and advertising . The entire , small bag is listed as almost 4 servings to justify the false claim that there 's only 1g carb per bag . There 's no way a quarter bag is one serving . There 's really almost 4g carbs per serving .
 I was SO disappointed with these . They were TERRIBLE ! ~ I bought a big box of these and really regret it . I 'm using them as dog treats . They are AWEFUL with a bad after taste .
 I ordered this item at the same time that I ordered the Just The Cheese crunchy chip like snacks . I was pleasantly surprised by those , and hoped these would be just as good . I opened the first bag , and unfortunately they were not . I could n't even finish the bag . I threw them out . I wish there was a way to get a refund for something already opened . I would advise to steer clear , and order their `` chips '' instead .
 These popped snacks did not have the texture of being `` popped '' They were gritty and had a bad powdery feel on your tongue . The taste was not that of cheese either . I have only consumed about three pieces and could n't stand the texture . Would like my money back but do n't want the hassle of returning something .
 Everyone else has already said it ... these things are dry as a bone , look/taste burnt , plus they are EXTREMELY salty . The butter flavor tastes very fake , but that 's probably to be expected . This is the first low-carb snack I tossed out after one piece . I 'm really surprised anyone finds these acceptable .
 Let me start by saying the first ingredient on the label is salt . We have tried both the ham and chicken flavor of LB Jamison 's soup base and both rendered a very sodium laden broth . What 's worse is that with the ham flavor you are generally adding it to other sodium laden ingredients so the soup comes out very salty . We ended up throwing the remaining product in the trash . I gave it two stars because I guess it kind of tastes like chicken if you can get past the salt .
 I purchased this coffee to make iced coffee drinks . It has very little ` coffee ' taste , and the dark chocolate taste is more chemical than chocolate . Similar to the taste of flavoring used in baking.I will not be purchasing this coffee again . My suggestion to those considering a purchase ... buy something else .
 I am big coffee lover . This was some of the worst coffee I have ever had . It smells wonderful but the taste is horrible . I would not recommend purchasing this coffee at all .
 My being a Florida native , I KNOW Guava Jelly . The contents of the jar is jelly , but without the label , I would not know it to be Guava Jelly .
 I 'm eating a box of these Nabisco Animal Crackers right now . The cookies are almost like graham crackers but leave a funny aftertaste in your mouth . I would not get this again . Time to go find some milk ...
 I have to agree with other recent reviewers - something has gone wrong here . This is much more astringent than a Darjeeling should be , and the leaves are broken almost to fannings . Very tannic , with an unpleasant , lingering flavor of too many raw walnuts eaten too quickly . Milk does not help . It 's been a few years since I 've had Twinings ' Darjeeling , but I remember liking it - if something happened to the crop when this was picked , they should n't have released it .
 I usually love Darjeeling tea and Twinnings in general . I am not sure what the problem is with this latest batch , but it is very bitter . It almost to the point where I ca n't tolerate it . I do n't understand it but this tea does look to be more cut and have more particles and `` dust '' than I remember .
 item not received so it is kinda hard to give it a different rating other than I do n't like it
 This just did n't hit the target . Flavor was barely noticeable and the price too high for that shortcoming . I 'll stick with Don Franciscos .
 My biggest complaint with this flavor of Zatarain 's is the amount of sodium it contains . The Nutrition Facts on the box says it has 980mg per serving , which is equivalent to a whopping 41 % of the Percent Daily Values . That 's PER SERVING , of about 5 servings per box . That 's just way too much salt ... by comparison , the regular Zatarain 's Jambalaya Mix contains only about half the sodium . Even when I added more meat -LRB- I used chicken instead of ground beef as suggested -RRB- , the dish still came out too salty . I finally decided that in order to make this mix more edible , I had to discard about one-third to one-half of the seasonings . The seasonings come all clumped together anyway so it was n't difficult to separate it from the rice before cooking.In terms of flavor , I was n't too impressed either . The seasoning is basically chicken bouillon cubes with some spices , like oregano and basil . Not terrible , but not terribly inventive either.So , with apologies to the three 5-star reviews that came before mine , I do not recommend this product . To each his own , I guess .
 I am very disappointed in this product . I regularly order Peruvian organic from Gevalia . I was looking for something cheaper . This definitely tastes cheaper ! It has that dime store coffee quality . It is very bland w/a yucky aftertaste . I was also hoping for something more acidic .
 Sure it is great candy , but list price of over $ 1 per bar and actual price of about $ .75 per bar ? Just get one when you want one . Or just buy it anywhere else . I love Amazon , but I ca n't imagine they sell much of this .
 Buyer beware : Mars company collects up these stale , old candy bar returns left over from vending machines and store shelves , then repackages them in these boxes . The Twix cookies were so soft . no crunch to them , they bent over like a Gumby toy , the snickers have no flavor to them ,3 musketeers chocolate coating was cracked and fell off all over the place ! Do not be fooled by the cheap bargain price for 30 pieces , there needs to be expiration dates on boxes and individual wrappers , which there is not , so big box stores can keep them on shelves longer . Do n't waste your money !
 Really not a very good deal . Walmart has a similar pack of 25 candy bars for only $ 13 . Very strange to see such a poor price on Amazon .
 This Product came with outter plastic cover removed with only 29 bars of candy in a 30 bar pack . Also came melted and reharded . -LRB- Not sure if that happend in shipping or came that way -RRB- But unsure of eating cause package came opened . * I did not make any claim since it was so cheap .
 The product shipped me was so old the chocolate had turned white and was dry , cracked and tasted toooo nasty - returned items to shipper but have not received a refund . First time I 've been unhappy with a purchase from Amazon . Ordered all three candy pkgs shown on Amazon - was unhappy with all of them as they were definitely rejected product but at least the other two with the Reese 's products and Hershey bars were fresh - just misshapen or broken but taste was good . Will never order candy again from any of these folks .
 Run from this seller . . poor service . . the product is not a 30count variety after she gets your money she will email you and tell you its an 18 count box . . The order will arrive damaged as no peanuts or bubble wrap is used in her box . . Just a disaster transaction with this particular seller.Never again from this buyer ... If there is another seller available use them.not worth saving a few pennies . . RUN !!!
 Ordered these items for trick or treat , which is tomorrow . The package arrived quickly so it has been resting on my dining room table for a week or so , but in opening the package just now , several of the chocolate bars seemed misshaped . Upon opening one , it is obvious these bars were heated up and melted . Not even sure if I can hand them out . What a disappointment .
 I bought these because of reviews . Why do I fall for that ? They are so sickeningly sweet that I actually became nauseous eating them . The first one was tolerable -LRB- taste is NOT that great and the ultra-sweetness destroyed it -RRB- but after that it went downhill . The super high carbs for this so-called `` healthy '' bar spiked my insulin level and I wished I had n't touched the thing the rest of the day . If you want healthy then eat the nuts and seeds it contains after buying them yourself without all the carbs and sickly sweetness in these things . They are weirdly textured as well . I ca n't stand them but according to other reviews you must either love them or hate them . I hate them . I do n't recommend them . Take out half of those carbs and cut down on that gross sweetness and I 'll try them again .
 Delivery was very fast but the jelly beans were loose in a box and were stale . I will never buy from this seller again .
 This product arrived on time - but was STALE and rock hard . Very disappointing . Do n't waste your money . I will look for it in local markets .
 After you add shipping , the cost for this product is over $ 7 a pound ! Even if you add in the gas needed to drive to your local store , you can find a better deal just about anywhere .
 this stuff does not even RESEMBLE your basic southern-style gumbo ... the color , flavor , and texture are not even closeCAUTION
 Straws were much shorter than anticipated . They were bought to be used with smoothies but are too short for the intended purpose .
 I bought these and every one of the packages was either opened or had holes all over it . I ended up throwing away all the straws because dust and dirt had gotten all over the straws . Complete waste of my money . I buy individually wrapped straws now so if the bag does get ripped or opened the straws are still clean and usable .
 Good product . I use these in my business and thought according to the description that I would get the normal amount of straws for that price . I did not . I paid about double what I normally pay when I ordered directly through Lollicup . Very disappointed .
 The seasoning on the flatbread is minimal , about 1/3 to 1/2 of each piece is covered in seasoning . Of the seasoning that is there , it is not spicy at all.The unseasoned portion is n't very tasty and reminded me of drywall.They packages arrived with about 1/3 of each pack broken . I would not recommend .
 This coffee plugged up my pot and did n't have near the flavor I am used to getting from a flavored coffee . I did use it all but ended up mixing it with another flavor in order to spice it up a bit . I would n't buy this one again . I drink flavored coffee everyday .
 I received this as a gift to go with my Senseo machine and it did n't taste like good , real coffee . All I can say is yuck .
 The packaging on these cookies WAS HORRIBLE . they sent in a box that was to big so the cookies were flying all over in the box . They did n't even bother taking out of the original box even though it was half empty . Look 's like a 2 year old packed it . WHAT A JOKE !!!!
 I love these cookies . NO ... I REALLY love them . So ... why is the price going up . My first order , $ 35 . My next $ 41 . Now it is $ 49 ? I know it comes from different retailers but this link is the only one for the 10 cookies , package of 32 . Hm ... When the holidays die down , I will get them from CVS because the price stays at $ 2.99 per package . So great cookie . GREAT ... but hiking the price up ... not nice .
 I first tried this cookie on a Delta flight . I really liked it . After i returned back from the trip , I ordered these cooking online . I was eagerly waiting for them to arrive . But when they came , 50 % of the cookies were broken into small pieces . I would probably never order online unless they improve the packaging .
 I first tried the biscoff cookies on my way to New Orleans . AirTran was serving these as snacks for the travelers . I liked it so much that I decided to order a family size from the Biscoff company . Unfortunately , when they arrived I noticed that most of the cookies were cracked , chipped , essentially crumbled into pieces . Why would n't it be when the cookies were just packed in a weak wrapper/packaging box and had been tossed around during the period of shipment?I 'm fairly disappointed that I wasted my money on a bunch of destroyed cookies .
 We were not impressed at all , the price is way to high for you get . I do n't like to complain much but this was a total rip off . The cookies are very small , significantly smaller than what you get on Delta Airlines -LRB- possibly less than 1/2 the size -RRB- . To follow that the chocolate is paper thin and you can barely taste it .
 I own the Melitta One : One machine and made this on the small 5oz . cup and it had NO taste . It really was brown water . Did not enjoy it at all ! Do not buy , try something else .
 Friend bought stroopwafels from Amsterdam and I fell in love.Decided to buy 2 orders of these for the holidays , for myself and as gifts.What a horrible purchase1 -RRB- They did not taste as good as the one 's from Europe even though it 's made in Holland as the wrapper says . Not enough of the cookie part . I felt like I was eating caramel candy shaped like a cookie .2 -RRB- Wow who packs these things ? The 20 stroopwafels does n't even fit in the box they give you . The box was way too small . They were squished , crushed , broken . I was too embarassed to give them as gifts . Put them in a bigger box . Do n't force then in ! 3 -RRB- The package says best before date , but there was no legible expiration date to be found.Thanks for ruining my 2nd experience with stroopwafels
 Even though the K-cups are marked as `` variety '' , they all pretty much taste the same . It 's weird . I get a nutty flavor from each cup . I 'm not fond of this coffee . I enjoy Green Mountain .
 The major problem I had with this product was that the french vanilla supreme and the butter toffee seemed to be the same -LRB- not to mention disgusting -RRB- . I think there must have been a mix up in packaging because those flavors should not taste anything alike . The other flavors were very good . I would buy this again if it was n't for all the butter toffee k-cups sitting around in my kitchen .
 If you like flavored coffees , this one is probably okay . The folks I work with and I do n't care for most of the flavors and will not purchase this again .
 I do n't really like Gloria 's coffee , not even from the mall . To me these are weak coffees that taste like chemicals . I like flavored coffee but not this brand , go for Timothy 's .
 This is the most disgusting coffee I have ever tasted . I tried the Butter Toffee flavor first because everyone on here was raving about it . I should have known by the smell when I was brewing it but I was brave . I almost threw up in my mouth . It tasted just like vomit . Then I tried the Hazelnut and it was ok -LRB- barely -RRB- but I think the vomit flavor is stuck in my machine now . I gave the rest to a friend for their office . Stay away unless you 're a fan of regurgitation .
 I tried this product , because it came as part of a sample pack with my Keurig Coffee maker ... Tastes like dish water , try the Newmans coffeemuch much better , or of course the green mountain K-Cups are excellent as well
 Of the 5 flavors contained in Gloria Jean 's Variety Pack , the Cappuccino is the only one that comes close to being a satisfactory cup of coffee.The rest had such a `` fake '' taste to them and left an unpleasant aftertaste . Combine that with the inherent weakness of single serve coffees and I ended up disappointed with Gloria Jean Coffee . . When the coffee is good , buying double through Amazon is a great deal . When the coffee is inferior you end up frustrated that you had to buy twice as much to find out it was half as good.Back to Green Mountain and/or Timothy 's for this shopper !
 We love our Keurig KCup Coffee Machine and have been experimenting with various brands of KCups . We bought the Gloria Jean Sample pack because of the refreshingly exciting names of the coffees , expecting the tastes to be just as excitingly refreshing . Unfortunately , they all taste the same and with closed eyes we are unable to tell the difference between any of them -LRB- except the chocolate , which is probably more smell than taste -RRB- . All are very bland , whether dark or light , with very little taste . By far , the most distinctive and delicious brand we 've found so far is Tully 's and have not been disappointed with any of their flavors .
 The flavor of the coffee overall was good , however each cup only made a small cup of acceptable strtength coffee , and if you own the newer machines with more than two selections for size this coffee will be weak with all but the smallest cup setting . net wt is 7 + oz , I 've seen brands that make a more acceptable strength cup weigh in @ 9oz and up . if you 're stuck on Gloria Jean coffee , better use 2 k-cups per cup of coffee
 Not the best flavor I have ever had . Each flavor has a bitter taste to them .
 Inferior quality ; small size , too many to have for family use . Better for restaurant or somewhere that has high volume of business . Would not purchase this item again .
 I have to agree with the other reviewer that said they are just too big and too soft . They leave a slimy taste in the mouth , even though the flavor is good . There is no bite to it , it is sort of a spam consitency . I love this brand , and usually love smoked sausage sticks/bites , but this just did not come to gether well .
 Too much like those sausages you get in wine & cheese gift baskets ... mystery meat , too many preservatives ... if you want a soft `` lunchmeat-type '' snack , buy these . Otherwise , try something else .
 I ordered these Organic Vivani Dark Chocolate 73 % cocoa contents and I got the ones with orange with 70 % coca contents . I should not have to send back and go through all the red tape ... when it was Amazon and the seller 's fault . I will truly will think twice of ordering these again ! It is too bad ... cause I really liked what I ordered not what I received.I buy these cause there is no soy !
 I bought this as a gift for a person who enjoys dark chocolate . I thought it would be a gift that she could enjoy as candy . Probably my mistake . The bars are very rich and could be used for baking but not as candy . My error but still not what I expected when I ordered them .
 Ok , these are not really that healthy . They are made with fruit juice which is better than corn syrup BUT they still have canuba wax and the electrolytes are added not natural and no complex carbs -LRB- you need brown rice syrup to be a complex carb and has the natural electrolytes - like in Sharkies -RRB- . These leave a coating in my mouth -LRB- from the wax -RRB- . These are really glorified jelly beans . I feel no energyboost and they mess up my blood sugar . If you want the real deal get sharkies .
 I have been riding for about 1.5 years -LRB- average 30 - 40 miles - 17-18 mph -RRB- . Once I got over 25 miles decided to enhance my liquid replentishment with a solid - purchased these , `` GU '' gel and `` GU '' chomps all at the same time so I could try side by side . All appeared to have helped me from hitting the wall equally , but the gel and chops go down easier . These beans are smaller - thus need to ingest more/more often to make same impact and are `` tarter '' and not as easy to swallow . I bought I case of these so will choke them down , but of the three , I like the chomps better . Ride safe
 Very poor seller . Never sent product after full payment . Did not respond to any communication . Had to contact Amazon to intervene . Amazon got my money back . Do not buy from this seller .
 This is for the cherry flavor not watermelmon which is what i ordered . Cherry taste good for a few seconds then has a bad after taste . Easy to eat .
 These were OK . I was not too crazy for it . Just another drink to take your money . Size is good .
 I purchased 2 cases of this stuff after reading an Amazon review ; the price seemed okay , and I was intrigued by the organic aspect of the energy drink . However , I extremely regret ordering this stuff . This tastes the most like cough syrup out of any other energy drink I 've tried , and it has a pretty bad aftertaste as well ; amazing enough , Syzmo tastes worse than the Steven Seagal energy drink , which is horrible . This stuff does n't even provide sufficient energy for anything ; more exhausted than I did before drinking it . I drank both cases just because I bought them , but I 'm not ordering more of this crap . If you want a better-tasting energy drink try Hooah . If you want more energy out of your energy drink try Red Bull , Amp , Rushh or many other energy drinks that are easily attainable at your neighborhood 7-11 .
 Nowhere on this site do they give you a size for these things . I was hoping to find refillable tubes suitable for airline travel . These are n't it . It is n't worth my time to return them , but they are closer to 8 oz . than the 3 oz . TSA limit . Why that info is not part of the description beats the heck out of me !
 There was little to no taste difference in the 3 fish . Very flaky and dry with NO smoked flavor . The fish in all the pouches were crushed and almost to a mush . I WOULD NOT BUY AGAIN .
 I opened one and liquid gushed out . I buy thinly sliced smoked salmon from my local deli , the difference is that liquid from this is the dense salmon oil -LRB- the superior fat oil -RRB- . as far as comparing taste and texture , seabear had a nice smoky flavor this was the only thing positive for me . Hands down my locally purchased salmon is way better , and it costs much less . This is n't about cost if I was offered seabear salmon at 75 % off , I would pass . I 'll never order this again I am very disappointed .
 This is far too overpriced , you get three small filets that have a terrible smell to them , almost like day old tuna . It works out to about 12 dollars for a 6 oz salmon filet that really is n't even good . You can get it fresh , minus the horrible smell and not already precooked . To be perfectly honest , a can of bumblebee tuna would be better than this and it would cost you 35 less dollars , I only purchased it by mistake and the seller immediately hit the shipping soon button and would not stop shipment even after request . Worst transaction I 've had on Amazon to date.I could n't even stomach to taste it , that 's how bad the smell was , huge waste of money , just go to the store and get a filet yourself , cheaper and better quality .
 Nice company , will answer your emails.This fish is ok . Kind of pricey , not that decadent . I 'm not sure I would purchase this again . Similar to canned tuna in texture and presentation .
 Halloween seems to be the only time of the year that I can find Charlston Chews at my local grocery store and I got hooked this past year . When they ran out of their supply I found some here on Amazon . When they arrived I ripped open the package and popped one in my mouth and no sooner spit it back out . It not only had a slight cruch to it , but it also had a weird taste . Like it had been stored next to moth balls . My son is also a big fan of this candy bar and he spit it out as well ...
 I 've had German Chocolate Cake coffee from a company no longer availabe in my area . This one did not match up for me . I think the packaging was mislabled ??? While perhaps mildly chocolate in flavor , not a hint of coconut . But the price was good for the coffee -LRB- as a regular coffee -RRB- . I 'm just disappointed that I can not get my hands on a good `` German Chocolate Cake '' flavor .
 This coffee taste like those little variety packs you can get at Christmas time at Walmart . Very artificial tasting . Yuck . Wrote directly to the company but never heard back from them .
 Tastes like a dark or french coffee with a vaguely chemical taste . Not horrible but not good either . Paid $ 21 for 4 bags , worth about 1/2 that .
 I love most jerky products , but the texture of this was just gross ... . I could n't eat more than a bite , and had to discard the entire pack .
 I do n't know why but they changed the recipe or I got 2 bad bags of cookies in the last 2 weeks from local store . I used to love these but they do n't have the same chocolate taste . I recomend Newman 's .
 I 've had some trouble finding apple jelly as of late . I was encouraged when I found this on Amazon as all my other food purchases on here have been great . I thought it was pretty expensive as jelly goes but decided to order anyway , big mistake . The jelly was separated into a lot of liquid -LRB- very sweet -RRB- and a little jelly -LRB- very bland -RRB- , needless to say I am still looking for apple jelly .
 Grossly overpriced product ! For the price , it should be organic . Very weak flavor , appears to be highly diluted ! I 'll never buy any of their products again !
 This was not the product I 've used in the past . This salmon was very mushy and fell apart as soon as the package opened . The flavor was fine but the presentation was horrible . I was embarrassed to put it out for guests
 The packaging on this salmon is better than the salmon itself and that 's exactly what you pay for . This salmon is n't worth the money . The smell is horrible , it leaks everywhere and the salmon itself does n't taste that great . What you 're really getting is overpriced tuna fish !
 This is a great and attentive company -LRB- attends to your emails and concerns -RRB- however , this particular fish is somewhat dry . For King salmon it is supposed to be oily , this is not . The fish comes in a pouch more like canned tuna . It is just ok , but I would not purchase this again for the price . Very similar to Chicken of the Sea tuna .
 I originally searched for TONE 'S or WEBER Canadian steak seasoning.I used these brands for years as a table seasoning in lieu of salt as Iam a heart patient and am limited in salt intake . These filled the bill!When these items could not be found or were discontinued , this product wasmost similar in their advertising , however the taste of this productis horrible by comparison to the above mentioned superior brands . I willNOT buy again or recommend !
 Got two boxes of the Coffee People Organic k-cups and have been slowly going through them for a couple months . I 've used different brew strengths on the Keurig , and various containers . Paper cup with lid , ceramic mug -LRB- best , but goes cold the fastest -RRB- , and thermal mug all make coffee seem to taste different to me . I try it in all strengths and containers before writing a review . Finally finished both boxes and my opinion is , nothing special . It 's dark and uncommonly strong , but not distinctive , and has kind of a bitter aftertaste . That 's why it took me so long to go through it ; even though it 's not bad , I usually chose other coffees over this one . But when I did , I always had hope that I 'd missed something before . However , there was never any change of opinion . It 's just too mediocre , bitter , and undistinctive for my taste . I 'm sticking with Timothy 's varieties . I wo n't be buying this one again . But I 'll be trying the Coffee People ` Black Tiger ' and ` Wake Up ' varieties soon . Hopefully there 's something distinctive and sweeter about them . Peace , my fellow coffee connoisseurs .
 I found this product online for my wife . It was listed as Cherry Jelly as the picture indicated.I received the product in several days and was quite happy about the fast service.I opened the box and saw that the I was invoiced for Cherry Jelly . But , alas when I took out the jar they had sent me Sour Cherry Jelly.This was not what I wanted nor was it what I ordered.I was told that because it was a food product , I could not return the jelly , nor could I get a credit.Poor customer service ... will not do business with Barry Farm in the future .
 The first ingredient is salt . The second ingredient is MSG . Be aware and consume at your own risk . The picture of the product does not show the ingredients .
 This really is n't much of a savings versus just getting it at the grocery store or Sam 's Club . Plus the package was open when it arrived and it was a few short of the 24 advertised .
 All of this stuff is way to expensive and just common stuff we can make on our own with things we have in the cupboard .
 I bought the beef jerky based on the reviews that I read but I do n't think I saw anyone mention how salty the beef strip is . It tastes great and all but I felt like I was eating spoons full of salt ! I would n't recommend this unless they have one that has at least 50 % less salt content .
 If you love meat-like chewable salt sticks , then this is the choice for you . Salt should be listed as the first ingredient , MSG second , spices third , then beef.Sometimes you have to wonder why the execs do n't eat their own -LRB- dog -RRB- food . This particular product should have never made it to market without a fair-warning stamp on the bag saying
 Another Jack Link 's product I tried since I love their Teriyaki Beef Steak Nuggets . I was hoping these would taste like prime rib but they did n't to me . I will not be purchasing these again but will keep my subscription to the above-mentioned Nuggets .
 PRODUCT NO LONGER AVAILABLE IN LOCAL WALMART IS DAY TIME SNACK OF CHOICE BY WIFE . THE ORDER OPTIONS WERE PACKAGES OF 6 , SO WE ORDERED X2 OR ONE DOZEN . RECEIVED 2 ORDERS SHIPPED INDEPENDENTLY IN BOXES BIG ENOUGH FOR 30 PACKAGES EACH AND PAID SHIPPING X2 . PACKAGES ARRIVED TOGETHER .
 I think their regular 3.6 oz . beefsteak jerkey 's are about the best there is . These are just O.K. Nothing special .
 I tried many gluten free breads . Flavor-wise , this bread is good . But the real issue I had with this bread is that it caused me quite a lot of discomfort because of bloating and gas . Yes , it 's awkward to admit that , but I wanted to warn others from potential painful symptoms.I have celiac as well as ulcerative colitis , so my digestive system is sensitive . I bought the 6-pack from amazon , and with the first loaf I baked I thought the symptoms might be related to something else I ate . By the second loaf my suspicion grew stronger . With the third , I decided to do a little experiment and just eat the bread by itself and see if it 's really the source of the discomfort/gas . The answer is yes.I should note that I did not have these symptoms with Bob 's red millgluten free bread -LRB- which is also tasty -RRB- . There is definitely something in Pam 's bread mix that the digestive system of some people might disagree with.Hope it help ,
 The mix is easy to use but I dont care for the texture of the bread . Wont be buying any more .
 I really enjoyed the first few slices of this bread since it was quite moist , but it is really a bit dough-ey and too sweet . Also , it says 170 calories for 1/16 of a loaf , but I only got 10 slices -LRB- breadmaker pan -RRB- , so each slice is pretty high calories . After two days of eating it , I am in a world of hurt . I 've had similar problems with other bread mixes , including those with a lot of bean flour . If I just have one slice every other day or so , I might be ok . Disappointing . Thank goodness for pepto bismol .
 I have used the Gluten Free Pantry brand in the past and this does n't hold a candle , but it is cheaper , you get what you pay for
 Since learning my husband has celiac disease , he has n't been able to eat pizza with us on homemade pizza nights . It used to be a treat . So I was excited when I first tried the bread mix thinking he could enjoy pizza again . However , the dough never seems to bake throughout ; it always turns out gummy . We 've tried letting it rise even longer than the hour recommended , even that did n't help . I still have a few bags left so I 'm going to try something other than pizza .
 I do n't understand why Pamela 's has to over compensate by using so much sweetener in their bread mix . If I wanted a sweet bread I would add my own sugar ! This is not a bread to have eggs and ham with . It taste more like a dessert . There are better brands of gluten free bread mix out there . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 Yes , people will like Pamela 's gluten free bread mix . I did too BUT do the math on the very high amount to sweetener in this mix . 9 grams per slice -LRB- based on their stated 16 slices per loaf -RRB- ! This is 144 grams for the loaf which comes to 11/4 cups of sweetener . As you know that 's 15 tablespoons in the mix -LRB- approximately -RRB- so compare that to your favorite recipes . I see no one else coming even close to this in mixes or recipes . I ca n't think of any reason they are doing this except for taste - to make it more sellable . Just a heads up since we need to be cutting back on sugars not ramping up. : - -RRB-
 When my son and I were diagnosed with Celiac 's Disease , I was on the hunt for a bread mix that would make good bagels . I finally found it with Pamela 's baking mix . Always enjoying the texture and taste up until January 2011 . When I baked up some bagels with the new batch something changed in their mix ... and I just could n't quite figure it out . The color was lighter and the bagels would no longer rise as they used to . The smell was nauseating while it baked and left me with a bad aftertaste and sour stomach . The texture was not chewy and the bagels did not have that beautiful golden brown color to them anymore . I was so disappointed and upset that they changed their mix which was Amazing just the way it was ! The company may receive their flour from another manufacture or they may have changed flour ratio . Whatever they have done , PLEASE change the flour back to the way it used to be ! You have lost a dedicated customer ! Such a Shame ! = -LRB-
 Although this bread tasted decent . My husband had a severe allergic reaction . When he contacted Pamela 's Products they told him many has had an allergic reaction to this mix . He advised them that they should post this information . Whether they will or not is up to them . This reaction caused his stomach to close and he had to go in and have it ballooned back open . If they would have posted `` many people '' having allergic reactions , we may have thought twice about trying this product and could have saved him a lot of severe pain plus the approx . $ 4000.00 for the procedure he had to have done . He has had no reaction to the Pamela 's Baking and Pancake mix and the pancakes are really good . Good luck to those trying this product .
 I 'll admit this product makes a great loaf in the bread machine -LRB- use the dark setting , then let the moisture air out -RRB- ... it has great texture , lightness , rises well , and has really good flavor.However , I found this product to be almost indigestable Even one piece in the morning with breakfast produces gastrointestinal distress all day . I 've eaten many other gluten-free products -LRB- and occasionally some gluten ones -RRB- and have never run across this effect with any other flour blend . Before I figured out this bread was the culprit , I thought I had a stomach virus.In skimming reviews here and elsewhere , I 've found a good number of people have had the same issue . I wrote to the company and they said that some people have trouble with sorghum and millet flours . The sorghum flour is the first ingredient , so that may be the case . I do think this bread dough is more glue-like than gluten products , so that may be part of the trouble . The Baking & Pancake Mix and the Brownie Mix seem to be fine for me , they have different ingredients . You can also make a loaf from the Baking & Pancake Mix , there is a recipe on the Pamela 's web site - it 's just not as nice as the Bread Mix loaf.Very disappointing .
 I have Celiac disease , and been on a GF diet for over a year . I have not had problems with any GF foods , but each time I eat a slice of this bread , I get stomach upset . I am not allergic to dairy or eggs . Celiacs beware - there is something tainted in this mix .
 I 've been using Pamela 's products with great success , ordering a case of the bread mix from the Amazon onlinePamela 's Products Wheat-Free & Gluten-Free Bread Mix , 19-Ounce Packages -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- grocery every month . But in November , the bread started to have a very strange chemical after taste and also gave both my husband and myself serious digestive upset . I made a few more loaves to see if it was just one bag of the mix , but no , it seems to be a recurring problem . We also purchased a bag of Pamela 's GF white cake mix from the grocery store recently and it had the same noxious taste and smell . What 's up ? I have three cases of the bread mix that I plan to return to Amazon for a refund .
 I was a little disapointed with this product . I am allergic to dairy and wheat . When I looked at the ingreadents it did say say wheat free , but now where did it say that there may be some dairy . When I got the package it said it may contain dairy .
 I purchased a case of this bread mix because my daughter has celiac and I find it so hard to find products at a reasonable price . I have made 3 out of the 6 packages and only 1 turned out . There is no date on the yeast packet so on the last one I finally decided to use my own yeast and that did rise properly . My packs are dated May 22 , 2010 but like I said the yeast has no date on it like other products I have bought . My bar code is 93709 30060 . So needless to say when I thought I was saving money it actually cost me just the same price as when I show at the store . I will continue to look for products on the website . Thank you for letting me vent a bit .
 This GF bread mix was not my favorite . I prefer GF Pantry . Pamelas was really dense and tasted like bisquits not white bread . GF Pantry had all the attributes of white bread , unlike Pamelas , first it was actually white , it 's fluffy and it tastes like white bread . So anyway I will be buying GF Pantry from here on .
 I made two loves in my Zoji , and they both came out flat and wet -LRB- moist -RRB- . Blah ! I even cut back the water 1/2 cup and still the same . I used the basic settings on my machine . I followed Zoji directions and then Pamela 's on the second loaf . If anyone out there has a Zoji and thier bread is coming out great , please respond back . I would love to know your secrets . I have 4 more times to try , and if they do no turn out , I will not be purchasing the product again .
 order arrive in good time , the tea is not flavored enough with the vanilla . Can not taste or smell the vannilla .
 This tea smells nice and tastes great , but it always gives me a headache half an hour later . Will definitely not buy it again .
 I also received the shortbread swirls in a crumbled state . The almond ginger cookies arrived fine in the same box and are excelllent . I did n't realize food products could not be returned until I just tried to return them.I would n't mind if these were simply broken , but they are crumbs . Pretty expensive bird food ! Pamela 's are the best Gluten Free cookies I have found , but I guess it is better to buy them at the grocery store for a higher price , than feed a whole case to the birds.I rate the cookies 5 but shipment of them 1 .
 I have come to trust my fellow Amazon reviewers . That was why I bought this tea . To me , it was tasteless . Granted , I like things with flavor , but I can also appreciate subtlety . This was so subtle it was like clothes on the Emperor.Naturally , we are all different and like different things . If you are partial to very mild , super gentle flavors , this tea is for you ; if not , I suggest the silver needle white tea with jasmine by Rishi or Celestial Seasons ' decaf white .
 I have had this tea in England and this bears no resemblance whatsoever to what I had in the UK . No taste , no aroma .
 I love Jelly Bellies and was more than pleased to purchase the packets for my daughter ` sfriends goody bags . Just to make you aware of the size ... the box is labelled `` trial size '' . It looks like free samples that you get in groceries , etc. . Just wanted to emphasize thetininess of it .
 At my local Yacht Club the Douwe Egbert coffee they serve is probably the best coffee I have ever had . The coffee I ordered on-line is almost the worst coffee I have ever had . There is absolutely no comparison between the Yacht Club Douwe Egbert and the on-line ordered Douwe Egbert . If Douwe Egbert wants to sell more coffee , they are going to have to give it the same taste as what I get at the Yacht Club .
 I am a great fan of Pamela 's Products Gluten Free items , but these are a major disappointment . Not only do they not have a recognizable coffee flavor , the flavor they do have is horrible . It is strongly artificial - so unpalatable that I ended up throwing all but two of the 24 packages in the garbage . I tried a second package thinking I must have been mistaken in hating the first one , but I was n't mistaken . They 're just bad.If you would like a GOOD gluten free cookie , try Pamela 's Products Chocolate Chunk Pecan Shortbread .
 I loved the Pamela 's `` simplebites '' cookies but these organic expresso chocolate chunk cookies , which sounded good in the product description , just tasted plain weird to me . The texture is right but the cookies have an off taste , a little like rancid butter . I like these flavors together -- coffee and chocolate -- but not in these cookies .
 I must say that I am a fan of gingersnap cookies , I love the combination of crunch and ginger . While these had a definite ginger flavor , they were very soft and that was a bit of a turnoff for me . I do like gingerbread cookies but these did n't seem sweet enough for my taste and the almonds seemed a bit out of place .
 I did n't know that cookies could taste so bad . This is far better than the lemon shortbread and the chocolate chip , but it is n't saying much . I truly regret purchasing so many boxes for my job and will NEVER EVER trust my coworker for recommending them .
 I do n't know about the others , but I agree wholeheartedly with the previous reviewer who said the Ginger Cookies were AWFUL ! Mine went into the trash after I tasted one of them . Save your money !
 Yes , these Peeps have been around forever , but I do not know how they have managed to survive when nowadays there are way healthier , and equally as fun snacks . The main ingredients are sugar , corn syrup -LRB- they do not use the `` high fructose '' now -RRB- , and colorants . Nothing very good for children 's health , plus they do NOT taste good . Sure , their colors catch everybody 's attention , but most people -LRB- children and adults -RRB- will put them down after a couple of bites . The one star is for their decoration merits . They indeed cheer up any Easter buffet table .
 Douwe Egberts coffee is AMAZING . After living in Holland for 2 years , I ca n't drink any other . But do not buy it from this seller . The shipping and handling charge as well as the charge for the coffee are just plain RIDICULOUS . You get a tiny little package -LRB- 250 gm or about 1/2 a pound -RRB- for this price and you 'll be charged nearly twice that amount just for shipping . Go to a Dutch-American website and buy it instead . There are plenty of websites with FAIR prices for 500gm with decent shipping . Of course this coffee costs more , it 's imported . But igourmet is ripping you off !
 Very Stale , i had a leftover jellybean from a previous purchase/seller that i crushed in my finger in comparison with these and they are definatly VERY stale if not fake not to mention most are smushed and look like blue candlewax and sugar . at least they came in 2 days right ?
 I love butter chicken and have used Indian `` pastes '' sold by Amazon and made by other companies . This brand is n't worth the money or the time .
 I did n't like this one - it has a resistant mouth feel , but within 10 chews , it 's in a hundred pieces . Although Canadian , who usually do eatable things better than their neighbors SOB , I thought the flavor was much like the popular -LRB- why ? -RRB- American licorice twists , which I consider very weak - if you like those , you may like these too .
 there was no indication on how many ounces this product was ... for the amount the sprinkles cost , there should have been at least 2 times the amount !!!
 I received this giftset for Christmas . I 've tried all 4 flavors a variety of ways & I do n't care for any of them . Maybe it 's because they 're flavored .
 There are a lot of reported benefits to xylitol , but Trident is just using it as a marketing gimmick here . The ingredients list for this gum starts out like this
 I remember from years past that Trident gum was always long lasting ; I was wrong ! This gum keeps its flavor for the shortest time ; I was extremely disappointed and will never buy Trident Cinnamon gum again .
 I understand the value of Xylitol for dental care , but please , do NOT keep this product around if you have dogs . I have a $ 1500 vet bill from saving my dog , who pilfered and ingested a full pack of Trident gum with Xylitol . Use Trident White instead - it 's Xylitol-free .
 The quality of this gum has taken a major dive . It used to be more substantial , and it had a very prominent cinnamon flavor , which outlasted one 's ability to keep chewing . It used to be great . Now , the flavor is almost straight sugar , and the taste is gone in a very SHORT time . I would much rather see a legit price hike due to inflation than a sharp decline in quality !
 Yes , ALL Wrigley 's Gums , even the ones with SUGAR , now contain at least ONE , -LRB- and many contain two or all of them -RRB- ASPARTAME , ACESULFAME-K , SUCRALOSE!WHY a gum with Sugar needs these dangerous chemical sweeteners is a mystery to me , but since they changed the logo of the packages on their gum , you can no longer buy any Wrigley 's -LRB- or most other brands too -RRB- gum without one or more of these nasty chemical additives.Also note that Sucralose -LRB- AKA brand name Splenda -RRB- is NOT the same thing as Sucrose ! -LRB- Sugar -RRB- The slight spelling difference is to decieve those that read ingredient labels to think they are reading Sucrose and not notice it is Sucralose.Sucralose causes severe abdominal pain , so if you have had that after chewing gum , now you know why.Aspartame has dozens of books and thousands of websites explaining what is wrong with that , as well as the other one.Very sad that I never again will get to enjoy my childhood favorites of Wrigley 's Spearmint , Juicy Fruit or Big Red ever again .
 Perhaps it 's just me . . but I did n't really like these crackers . In all honestly , they tasted like overly salted bits of cat food . It was really just one noted . I understand that it 's soy flavored , which is obviously salty . . but I expected a more complex flavor . I picked my bag up at Pick 'N Save and after tasting , I do n't think they deserve the $ 1.99 price tag .
 Buyer beware ! This product contains 4800 mg of sodium per package . It is WAY too salty . Unnecessarily so . It would have a decent flavor otherwise but the sodium level makes it taste like battery acid .
 Yes , I know it is chemicals that create the grape flavoring but this smelled like cheap grape bathroom cleanser and had a lot of oiliness that does n't work well in my lollipops .
 I purchased this product to make homemade blusher and lip tint.The color did not get dark enough . It stayed light and it clumped in the finished product .
 I wanted to avoid using food coloring due to it containing the ingredient red 40 . So I used this powder for my red velvet cake . The color of the red velvet cake was light brown ; this powder does not work for red velvet cakes .
 Tasted terrible . Had a plastic taste to it . I 'm assuming it got that flavor because of the baggie it came in . Bought it to color frosting for my son 's cake . It made it a funny color and the frosting had to be thrown out because of the taste . I used a recipe from a good natural foods cookbook to make the frosting , and it tasted good before I added the beet powder . I added it per instructions.Add to this that it arrived a day after it should have ... Two-day shipping was actually three day.Really disappointed .
 These are not traditional udon noodles . . these are flatter noodles and are not as chewy . It 's not a bad noodle but it says Udon and it is not udon .
 I do n't know what I was thinking . The carrot powder looks yellowish . Probably all the beta carotene are all gone . I hoping to use them on my smoothies but it 's has no taste to it . It looks and smells old . I can smell the plastic bag better than the carrot powder . No details if it 's freeze dried or regular drying method . This would affect on what 's left nutritionally .
 While the lentil seeds sprouted just fine , I ended up with only about half an order due to poor packaging.I did complain to the Sprout House but heard nothing back . I 'll do my seed buying at the store from now on , I guess .
 I ordered this and some Kona coffee at the same time . I was very disappointed in the Kona . Today I opened this and tried it , I was again very disappointed . This coffee has absolutely no flavor . I would give it zero stars if I could . I have heard from so many people about how good Jamaican coffee is I can only hope this was a bad batch or what they swept off the floor after grinding . I think I am finished buying coffee products from Amazon .
 This came with no instructions on how to brew the coffee , per the amount to use . I will not buy this product again . TC
 I love Barbara 's baked cheese puffs , so I thought I 'd give these a try . Much to my disappointment , these were not nearly as cheesy or jalapeno-y as I had hoped . If you 're looking for big cheese flavor , the baked puffs are a much better option . Sadly , there 's no jalapeno baked version though . : - -LRB-
 These chips are all natural . . great . All natural does n't mean healthier , but it does feel great to know you 're not taking any artificial ingredients inside your stomach.That being said , the chips taste ... . meh . At times it 's way too bland , but most of the times it 's way too salty . It 's like there 's some imbalance of salt on these cheese puffs . I tried to like these chips , since based off the reviews on here , they 're supposed to be superb , but I ca n't . The jalapeno taste is very mild as well , you 'd have to eat a dozen of these puffs before you get the kick of the jalapeno , and even that kick never gets to the true spiciness level of a jalapeno . As for the cheddar and blue cheese flavors , I taste mostly cheddar and a light blue cheese smell ... that 's it . I would skip on getting these cheese puffs again , but I 'll give Barbara 's props for being all natural .
 I love Flamin ' Hot Cheetos and was expecting a healthier version of it in this.Saw a review on lifehacker or some other blog about these puffs . They were raving about it so I had to try.Nowhere near as spicy as Flamin ' Hot . I got sick of these cause I had to finish off 12 bags of it . I gave a bag to some friends and they liked it.If you are looking for Flamin ' Hot kick , these do n't have it . More peppery if anything . Okay cheese flavor .
 Water with no smell , and a small bad taste . MFR said it was fine , gave no excuse . Evidently theyre selling the bottle as a vase , andthat 's all you 'll get out of it .
 while i love these cheese puffs like they were my own kids , i am livid that Amazon 's prices change so overwhelmingly . i added these to my cart yesterday at $ 22 , and when i went to check out the price went up $ 12 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! disgusting , Amazon , how you try to trick people . buyer beware - CHECK THE PRICE AGAIN BEFORE CHECKOUT !!!!!
 The White Cheddar Has No Taste . I am not sure why I keep trying out new things , but I do . These cheese puffs taste plain with a bit of sour cream dip . They are extremely oily and fattening.I do not think I will order from Barbara 's Bakery anymore . It is owned by a state-owned chinese company called Bright Foods based in Shanghai . Do your research . Barbara 's Bakery is owned by Weetabix Limited which is owned by the Chinese government . No wonder why the quality of Barbara 's Bakery has gone down hill . Besides , every Barbara 's Bakery product I buy further enables a hostile communist government to destroy more of the planet and build more nuclear weapons to kill us . * Update Dec 2012 * I recently tried the originals again . Something terrible happened because they were not like what I remembered . The Chinese turned them into a kind of flavorless puffy cereal . Or , more like styrofoam `` peanuts '' caked with an outer layer of oil . Really really gross :-LRB- I 'm sticking to Michael Season 's Cheese Puffs Reduced Fat instead . It is more expensive , but it is well worth it .
 The cheese puffs are okay , but I like a stronger cheesy taste . And I ordered a pack of 12 -LRB- hits head on desk -RRB- . I have only tried the white cheddar cheese flavor . I do n't know if any other flavors would taste better , but I would recommend trying a different product from a different brand .
 I am very displeased that the amazon description says this is raw and in reality the label on the bottle is regular agave nectar and is not specified as raw . It was a waste of time to order something I thought was raw and is n't . It has to go back . Amazon needs to change the description because it is simply not true .
 They have this listed as RAW . It is not raw and should not be listed as such . There is nothing wrong with it . To be considered raw it should not be heated above about 115 degrees , I believe that is the correct number . Amazon should change the label on this . They used to sell the RAW kind and for some reason , it is not available . The title is therefore misleading .
 The package of the product is appealing , until it 's ready to use.There has been several methods used to open this product
 I purchased this syrup in a store , not on Amazon . It sounded nice however I did not do my research on agave syrup before hand.Read up on this sweetener first before purchasing it , do n't just assume that it 's natural or raw . I 'm not an expert so I 'm not going to preach/teach , but go online and look it up and decide if it 's right for you.It has a mild , sweet taste . Like a mild honey and caramel flavor.I think I 'll just stick to local honey .
 Was excited when these arrived . Put the closed package on my scale and saw that it weighed just 1 oz . that 's curious because i 'm not cooking the packaging . When emptied into the scale , I was shocked to see that there was only 3/4 of an ounce . REALLY , REALLY !! what crooks . NO STARS FOR THIS PRODUCT
 I was so looking forward to these mushrooms . After I hydrated them there were dozens of little white objects , looking suspiciously like rehydrated worms , sticking out of every nook .
 All of the bottles I received had expiration dates well past the current date . `` BEST IF SOLD BY SEPT 06 '' and I received them in December . I know that salad dressings are supposed to last 12 months , but with 6 bottles in the case , I find it difficult to find uses for all of them within the next 7 months -LRB- 12 months from last Sept. 06 -RRB- .
 You either Like Tim Burton or you do n't , I fall in the latter.BeetleJuice is not a big deal for me despite it 's huge following and Burton 's Following , While there are funny moments I am not the type to like Alice In Wonderland type films that are `` trippy '' . I think the Highlight for Me Is Robert Goulet -LRB- Goulet!robert gouleeeeeeeeet ! -RRB- and Wionna Ryder , I ca n't stand Baldwin .
 The Beatle juice DVD I purchase did not work . We were not able to watch the movie on Christmas day as planned . I currently still have the movie . Not sure what to do with it ??
 I really hopes that Beetlejuice would appear again . At least on DVD . Because this is a very poor edition with no extras at all . Just the plain old transfer with no remastered sound or nothing new . The only good extra features in this disc are the spanish and french tracks that does n't mean that there no spanish and french subtitles also . As with any Tim Burton title , I wish a special edition would come up with all the backstage and in the making footage that make us understand the dificulties of doing a complex -LRB- and simple -RRB- movie like Beetlejuice .
 Come on now . how can you make a 20th anniversary deluxe edition without having the original version . Not to say it is not a great movie but hey there is no need to edit the movie just so you can show it on disney channel . I mean no offense but did the producers of this movie say hey why not edit it like a CD so we can sell it at walmart . Come on where is the love of a good movie .
 First time I saw this movie . What can I say , probably , Burton 's fans would disagree with me but I believe it is a shallow , primitive , very uneven movie . Not a keeper at all . Blu ray is ok , but not great .
 Was only able to get it on my IMac . Would not use the amazon for viewing movies . We really like the movie .
 I know this was supposed to be some great funny movie , but I just did n't get it . It started off OK , Alec Baldwin and Geena Davis were fine , but it just got boring . I could n't see the point of the movie , even in retrospect . Why make this movie ? Plus , the Michael Keaton character was so annoying , I just wanted to go away . I know he was supposed to be annoying , so fine , he did a good job with that , but I do n't want to have to listen to it . We watched as a family and my 8-year-old son hated it too . My husband liked it . Maybe it 's a guy thing , a grown-up guy thing .
 I loved this movie as a kid , but now ordering it for my 9 year old , I was shocked to watch it again and hear not only several profane words , but the `` f '' bomb , as well as many sexual references . I think they were a bit lax in their rating system back then -- definately more of a PG-13 .
 Michael Keaton brings no distinguishing characteristics to the ghoul ` Beetlejuice ' , he merely acts bizarre , as does the script . It is often stunning cinematography but when the movie itself comes into focus , it 's like finding one of Beetlejuice 's snacks in your popcorn .
 Debbie Lee Wesserman claims that `` the casting for this movie is perfect , with only Alec Baldwin 's performance less than memorable '' . This is of course nonsense - the casting was an unmitigated disaster with the sole exception of Alec Baldwin who manages to salvage a second star for the film with a particularly memorable performance .
 I did not find this movie at all entertaining . I am not a huge fan of Tim Burton but I though it might make a cute Halloween movie . Did n't do it for me . It also says the `` F '' word and that is not a word I care to listen to or allow my children to listen to in my home . It seems that things that I found fun and entertaining in my youth are no longer fun and entertaining to me . If you are looking for a fun movie to watch as a family I would not suggest this one .
 Embarrassing comedy that comes over like a child with ` attention deficit disorder ' begging for your approval . Even the film 's own internal logic is thrown away towards the end to no extra purpose . The girl floating in the air at the end is rather sweet though .
 this movie was post to be a comedy reelt to me it was hore movi there were was onley one scene in this movie that fuuny if you are looking for a comedy that is not scary at all and does not grose you out then donet see or buy this film is to scary for a comedy adn way to grose ok but if you want towatch you dont have liten to you can do anthig you want but if you do see or buy this just rember i warned you .
 A haunting movie in which everything is played for laughs.There are no serious moments , deep introspections , revelations , life reviews , insights into life 's purpose , etc. . It is a non-stop gimmicks , special effects , sight gags , visual fluff suitable for the younger set.The hero and heroine drown together in a car accident , discover they are dead and back in their dearly beloved house . They ca n't leave because there are monsters outside . Their peace in interrupted by the new owners who decide to redo the place in a ridiculous gaudy style . They notice an unexpected book `` The Handbook for the recently deceased . '' on the nightstand which serves as their guide to their new situation . Through it they discover how to reach their `` caseworker '' and an obnoxious haunter named Beetlejuicewho might be able to help them remove the new occupants . Everything they try fails to work and in the end they accept the new owners . The owner 's daughter becomes closer to them than her step-parents providing the child they always wanted and could n't have . Other than the idea that they can not see themselves in a mirror and that the new owners can not see them -LRB- except the daugthter -RRB- , there is little we learn about the afterlife here . We see a couple brief scenes of the caseworker 's office which can only be described as depressing . Worst movie I have seen in a long time .
 I thought this movie was fabulous . It was the worst movie ever . I love to watch it . I really think it is boring . I can watch it all day and night . The aCtinG was horrgreat . It was the worst movie ever . It was the best movie ever . The effects were terrible and great just like the sound effects .
 This is a review of the 1997 DVD release - thus far , as of September 2006 , the only release I know of.Of all of the DVDs in my collection this has to be one of the most disappointing . Without going into minute detail of what makes the film brilliant - the classic score , the hilarious comedy and Burton 's twisted but brilliant vision - the quality of the film transfer to DVD is almost criminal . It probably would n't be noticed on television screens smaller than 27 inches , but on larger screens the picture becomes soft and grainy , devoid of detail and utterly perplexing , given that the movie was shot in the late 80 's . The first thought that sprang to my mind when watching it was that it almost immediately reminded me of my time in elementary school before we switched to video tape - the transfer is reminiscent of an old , battered 8mm film reel . I own a S-VHS vcr , and I have seen better film transfers on video tape . Additionally , the extras ... well , what extras ? There are several paragraphs of `` production notes '' which are basically brief overviews of Danny Elfman and Tim Burton , but nothing you could n't gleam from Wikipedia in three minutes.All that aside , I did pay $ 9 for it at Sam 's Club , so the old axiom of getting what you pay for is truer than ever - but I expected so much more . If you 're a Beetlejuice fan , wait for the inevitable Criterion Collection or Special Edition remaster .
 Weird and dumb . Hated Michael Keaton in this role . ugh.I would not rent this or recommend it . The End
 Warning to those parents thinking of introducing a G-rated version of this movie to your kids
 I was very dissappointed to receive this video and find that several scenes were cut ! Unfortunately they do n't tell you anywhere in the description that it is edited/cut .
 I love this movie and I bought it on VHS a long time ago . Recently I bought the regular PG version on DVD at my mom 's store . The first thing i noteced was that the disc was double sided ! about halfway thru I had to flip the disc over to watch the rest of the movie . and another thing
 My one-star refers to this so-called `` 20th Anniversary Deluxe Edition '' of this hilarious and eye-popping delight from director Tim Burton.Since the inception of the DVD format , I have been waiting for a proper DVD of Beetlejuice with commentary and special features.I am sorry to say that this pathetic disc is NOT what I have been waiting for.Though they supposedly have spruced up the picture , the ONLY special features are three Beetlejuice cartoons and I think some music track or something.NO commentary , NO behind-the-scenes , NO nothing.So -- NO sale.I 'm still waiting ...
 I am continually amazed at the shoddy treatment that some movies get in their DVD release . This DVD is simply a disgrace , especially considering what a great movie this is . I give the movie itself 5 stars ; it 's a wonderful example of Tim Burton 's energy and style.This DVD has no extras worth mentioning . No deleted scenes , no featurettes , not even a lousy commentary track ! To make it even worse , the film has been CUT DOWN from the theatrical release ! I have never seen a DVD release before where you get LESS than was originally presented in theaters.My advice is to save your money until somebody figures out that when a movie is released on DVD , it needs to live up to the capabilities of the medium , and should always provide more material than was originally released , not less .
 Just to let you know , this movie is one of my personal favorite ghost movies . That said , I feel I need to tell you some details about this terrible DVD . The packaging is fine , nothing great , but it works . The picture and sound quality are good and make it a good cinematic experience . However , the menu is complete trash , the extras are EXTREMELY embarassing , and to play the movie you actually have to click on scene selections and click on the first chapter because there is no PLAY button ! What 's the problem here ? As I recall , this film is on AFI 's top 100 funniest movies ever made , so do n't you think they could make a better DVD than this garbage ? I am so sick and tired of these movie companies getting away with selling us trash.This double sided disk is no good . Pick what format you want the first time you watch it , and stick with that side the whole time ... because if you switch each time , both sides get scratched ! Personally , I think fullscreen is for idiots who think they 're getting the whole picture when they 're not . You people put no actual thought into making DVDs , you just slap some crap together and think its fine . No , it 's not fine ! Clean up your acts !
 I , myself always enjoyed this movie , it 's very funny and entertaining , so I did n't hesitate to pick up the clamshell edition . I guess it was a marketing plan to make the movie more for families or something , but they have eliminated all strong profanity and elements that are usually edited in the television version . YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED . If you want the uncut version , AVOID THE CLAMSHELL EDITION !
 What 's the deal here - I 've ordered product numerous times . Now the price has gone up and the quantity has been cut in half . Is this an error or a rip-off ?
 I 've been purchasing this brand , size , type of agave from amazon for about 2 years . The price fluctuates , that 's fair . Now however , the price has increased another $ 2 - again that 's fair , but instead of `` 12 bottles it 's 6 bottles for the price of 12 '' . Unbelievable!I truly hope this is a mistake and that it 's resolved quickly - otherwise , shame on Amazon ...
 The title says it all ! Not good for diabetics ! Stores need to take off shelf and stop promoting as diabetic freindly sweetner .
 While I 'm usually trying to find ways to maintain tight control over diabetic issues and still enjoy a bit of `` The Sweet Life '' , I must say that the ad copy for this Agave item was actually sweeter than the product itself . Now what shall I do with the rest of this case ? Oh well , live and learn . Oh wait -- I just figured out a way to use up the rest of my case and be a hero in the same breath . I 'll give it to my sister , a few bottles at a time ! That way , she 'll have the pleasure of many small gifts of her favorite pure , organic sweetener and I 'll remain the generous elder sister that she already knows I am .
 I 've read a lot about Agave , and have taken the time to read all of the reviews on this product before ordering it . I 've been waiting anxiously for a month for my order . Is this typical ???? Anyone else have the same problem?Madhava Raw Agave Nectar , Organic , 17-Ounce Bottles -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB-
 I was buying these as a party favor for a shower . The box they came in was lovely , but when I tasted one cookie all I could think of was yuck ! I could n't even finish one . They have an aftertaste . I would not reccommend them .
 Too sweet and does not taste any other Madeleine I used to buy.I won ; t buy again from Biscoff Gourmet .
 They came in the middle of the summer and the packaging looked OK but had no protection from moisture and the jelly beans are a soggy mess . Do not purchase .
 I really do like the Classico sauce collection . However , this does not taste a thing like pesto . It 's very bland and tastes rather olive-y ... we could n't even finish our dinner it was so terrible . I would not recommend this to anyone !
 I have to agree with the previous review that noted the taste of pickles in this pesto . That 's exactly what I thought upon tasting it . It tastes like a combination of pickles and olives , which is n't an inedible combination , but not one I expected or particularly wanted . The part that made it almost inedible was the salt , and that 's coming from someone who enjoys processed foods . This was just over-the-top salty . I 'm just going to throw the stuff away . Shelf-stable pesto is a nice idea , but the refrigerated variety is the way to go .
 I was thrilled to find this in my local grocery chain , thinking it would be a great shelf-stable alternative to the refrigerated pesto sauces I usually purchase . I was wrong . It has a very strong , briney taste to it . I only recommend purchasing this product if you like your pesto to taste like pickles .
 Too much salt in this product . You 'll regret using it if you have any other source of salt in your dish , e.g. , pasta cooked in salted water , feta cheese , brined olives , etc. I far prefer the pesto marketed under the `` Buitoni '' brand -LRB- Nestle foods -RRB- that is sold in the refrigerated foods section at the grocery store , as that pesto has excellent taste without going over-the-top on salt . The Classico product has almost 50 % more salt in the same size serving , relative to the Buitoni pesto.I have nothing against salt , or salty foods , but the amount of salt in this Classico pesto is unjustifiable and may well spoil your dish .
 I hate this `` pesto . '' I thought I would try this brand out of curiosity , but totally regret it . This is the weirdest tasting pesto I 've ever had . It tastes like pickles and garlic and other weird flavors I ca n't describe - but it does not taste like pesto . If you want your pasta to have an overwhelming pickled flavor , then get this . The weird taste is very strong - I added only a little bit to a large bowl of noodles -LRB- I had a hunch it was going to be bad once I opened the jar , the smell is very powerful -RRB- , and luckily I had other good brands of pesto around to try to save the pasta - yet you could still taste this gross pickle pesto because it 's so strong and weird . Go with another brand instead !
 I agree with everyone else . This so-called `` pesto '' is terrible and tastes NOTHING like any pesto I 've ever had . I just made a huge batch with pasta and I 'm going to have to throw it all away . Soooooo frustrating .
 I love tea . I drink all kinds of teas , both herbal and caffeinated , almost always unsweetened . I even drink some pretty &#34; off the wall &#34; teas , and I have to say that I 've really liked all the other Triple Leaf teas I 've tried . However , this particular tea tastes awful . I have tried drinking three cups of it now , two plain and one with honey , and I just ca n't do it . It tastes like celery seed . I made a coworker smell and taste it , and she independently agreed that it tastes like celery seed , so I do n't think it 's just me . If you can drink this tea , you may see some benefits from it , but in this case , I 'd much rather take supplements , or perhaps try another woman 's tea that may suit my taste buds more .
 The picture is very deceiving . I received all my food in a box , with no straw . The picture makes it look like the box is a nice box , but it is actually corrugated cardboard . Everything came boxed and thrown together . I ended up wrapping everything individually , instead of purchasing a nice container for the items .
 You have to use a lot to taste the sweetness . I used it in my mueslii and I had to use almost one eighth of the bottle evem when adding sugat . I did n't like it at all . The bottle did not last one week . instead i bought monk fruit to go at wal-mart and use it with sugar and that works great .
 Candy was old and past the expiration date ! Plus , I ordered 25-count gift box , but they sent 3 boxes of 10 which looks lousy as a gift . I had to send 2 emails to try to get a response . Finally given a phone call of someone to call , who told me `` the candy comes from other countries and it takes a while to get here . '' Then they place the burden of getting a refund on the customer . They emailed me a return label , but I have to purchase mailing labels or clear plastic tape , print out the label they sent me , pack it up , find a UPS store , and pay for parking so I can wait in line to return their expired candy . They could have easily looked up the lot number to verify that they had sent expired candy , but they intentionally place the burden on the consumer . I have not yet received my refund . BUYER BEWARE .
 i have already given my review ion this product , the product was horrible quality , the cheri liquor filling was completely dry ! I wonder how old it was.I will never order again form this place , a store that sells fresh and good quality food would have never sent those boxes
 After having received a first order of Mon Cheri in a very bad condition , the Candy shop tried to make up for it with a second sending . I appreciated that . In general they should not send the chocolates at room temperature , since the chocolates melt and the liquor leaks all over the box . Although not happy in the beginning , they at least tried to repare it , which is not always the case with other sellers.Rudolf , Augusta , GA
 Barry Farms-established in Oct 1994 by Billand Linda Barry . Located in Cridersville , Ohio . They are to busy now to grow all theproducts they sell.They are an internet grocery store.I bought the red/green peppers 2oz for $ 8.46 . . free shipping ?????????????????? On the BF web site the same exact item sellsfor $ 1.59 . Shiping-you must call them forship rate -- UPS or US post office.AMAZON says their item was FREE SUPER SAVESHIP -- do n't kid your self -- You will pay andI paid $ 6.87 for shipping the item.bbp okc ok 62 retired + note april 2012 -- I discovered HARMONY HOUSE vegsand fruit on Amazon -- it is G R E A T product !
 am from southeast TX and love ettoufee but cant find any mix here in FL so i got this online . . dont waste ur $ $ . . this is the most bland , flavorless stuff out there ... try a diff brand . . this stuff is a waste
 this thing came in one big teabag and smelled horrible . I thought it was individual tea bags but it was not .
 If you use it at the strength they recommend . YUK !!!!! Almost okay if you make it 1/4 strength . Better off taking the pills .
 The tea was good to drink , but did not help as much as we had hoped .
 After reading a good number of positive reviews , I decided , hey , might as well try it out ... Well , after giving it a good , long -LRB- at least six boxes worth -RRB- test , I found that nothing changed ... I also had a problem with it not being available in larger quantities , it seemed both wasteful , and simply a profit-making approach by the company . If this product , for those it works for , must be taken every day , forever , then why not allow users to buy it in bulk ?
 My husband had high hopes when he saw an ad for this product , but like most everything else he 's tried , it did n't alleviate his symptoms at all . He said it did n't taste very good either .
 Really wanted this to work as advertised especially with some quite positive reviews . Alas , after two boxes of tea and two cups a day , still getting up every two to three hours . After investing $ 50 it was n't a total loss . I wonder if they sent me the `` brain tea '' by accident as I seem a little wiser now .
 I tried Bell 's Prostate Tea for about two weeks and did not experience any of the expected improvements , though I realize it may have been too soon to see any benefits . However , after those two weeks my digestive system was completely out of whack , with major intestinal cramps , constipation , nausea , you name it . Now , two weeks after discontinuing Bell 's I am now back to normal . Could it have been a coincidence , and maybe it was really a stomach virus ? Maybe , but it was unpleasant enough that I wo n't try the tea again . Nothing scientific about my experiences , so try it if you 'd like - just be wary of similar side effects .
 Our office has ordered Lesser Evil popcorn several times through Amazon.We were surprised and disappointed in our last case . Several of the boxes of popcorn were stale , to the extent that kernals of popcorn congealed into a ball.I 'm wondering if Lesser Evil 's manufacturing process experienced an isolated glitch or if this is an indication of Lesser Evil 's forthcoming product quality.At this point , while we like the popcorn a lot , we 're hesitant to order again .
 Hidden Valley needs to remove this from their products . MSG is the 2nd ingredient in this , which means it contains a lot . MSG is poison and causes cancer . I will never buy another one of their products as long as they keep using this .
 $ 29.00 + change at beginning of April and close to $ 50.00 for exactly same amount 5 weeks later ? I do n't THINK so . They are good but not that good . Boo to you !!
 400 mg of salt per serving ! Snyder multigrain contains 160 mg of salt . They taste ok . I bought these for my kids because they are whole wheat and healthy but the salt content makes them an unhealthy snack .
 I was disappointed by these eucalyptus leaves - they have a stale , oregano-like smell . Ask your local florist to get you some fresh leaves !
 I was disappointed by these eucalyptus leaves - they have a stale , oregano-like smell . Ask your local florist to get you some fresh leaves !
 I was disappointed by these eucalyptus leaves - they have a stale , oregano-like smell . Ask your local florist to get you some fresh leaves !
 I was disappointed by these eucalyptus leaves - they have a stale , oregano-like smell . Ask your local florist to get you some fresh leaves !
 Saw the product on television years ago when it first hit the market . Finally , got around to purchasing it . I expected a thick , naturally delicious fruit mixture , with predominantly cranberry and cherry flavor . In my experience , it was very reminiscent of cooked prunes and raisins . Way too much money for the product , in my opinion . Sorry .
 I was disappointed by these eucalyptus leaves - they have a stale , oregano-like smell . Ask your local florist to get you some fresh leaves !
 I ordered this oil thinking I might be able use it to impart a jalapeno pepper taste in home-made chocolates , ice cream or a jalapeno infused tequila cocktail.The jar is labeled with usage of 1/8 to 1/4 tsp per cup of sugar , so I added one eyedropper drop to an 8 oz margarita . I had to throw out the drink , all I got was a too strong chile-like heat and chemical flavor.I tried in chocolates and a batch of ice cream , but reducing the amount to a toothpick dipped in the oil , as would be the right amount for some very strong culinary essential oils.Again , there was minimal hint of a jalapeno pepper.This product might be fine to use for just adding some chile like heat to something edible , but do n't expect much flavor.I 've had great success using real jalapeno peppers which are sliced and then infused in fresh lime juice or simple syrup of a few hours of longer , depending on the intensity desired . This method captures both the caspium heat of the chile , but also the wonderful taste of a jalapeno .
 I was disappointed by these eucalyptus leaves - they have a stale , oregano-like smell . Ask your local florist to get you some fresh leaves !
 I was disappointed by these eucalyptus leaves - they have a stale , oregano-like smell . Ask your local florist to get you some fresh leaves !
 I was disappointed by these eucalyptus leaves - they have a stale , oregano-like smell . Ask your local florist to get you some fresh leaves !
 I was disappointed by these eucalyptus leaves - they have a stale , oregano-like smell . Ask your local florist to get you some fresh leaves !
 one star cause they 're organicone star cause they 're pure and nothing added like sugar or sobut they reached me mostly pulverized ,0,75 ounce are not really satisfyingand actually they 're missing tastenow i will go back to the good old raisins and dried cranberrys etc. .
 Most of the people I work with really liked these , however I did n't . I would suggest that you try them for yourself .
 I was disappointed by these eucalyptus leaves - they have a stale , oregano-like smell . Ask your local florist to get you some fresh leaves !
 I was disappointed by these eucalyptus leaves - they have a stale , oregano-like smell . Ask your local florist to get you some fresh leaves !
 I was disappointed by these eucalyptus leaves - they have a stale , oregano-like smell . Ask your local florist to get you some fresh leaves !
 I was disappointed by these eucalyptus leaves - they have a stale , oregano-like smell . Ask your local florist to get you some fresh leaves !
 Been eating Halvah for 64 years now and this is the worst thing I have ever tasted that is called Halvah . Dry , crumbly , falls apart and tastes like ground up cardboard .
 Did not pop completely . Left 30 % of the kernels unpopped and what did pop was hully and tough . Would not buy again .
 My husband bought two cases of this popcorn based on all the 5-stars reviews . We waited over 2 weeks for delivery . What a disappointment !!! Tiny pieces of popcorn . Lacks kettle corn flavor . Then , he contacts Amazon.com about returning it . Nope , they wo n't take it back . BAD experience all the way around !
 I was disappointed by these eucalyptus leaves - they have a stale , oregano-like smell . Ask your local florist to get you some fresh leaves !
 Well , I love hard candies , but not the sugar . My husband & I saw these and thought we 'd found the perfect solution . Unfortunately , the candies -- while very tasty -- played havoc with our systems . We could n't eat more than 8 at one time -LRB- 5 for me -RRB- without getting crampy & gaseous . At first we did n't realize it was the candies causing the effect , but that changed quickly . We had to discard the rest of the product . What a shame .
 I love these - they taste great . But I get them in the local Dollar Store . Two stars for the value , five for taste .
 It isnt even wroth being sugar free . my stomach is aching and I am getting so much gas . I would rather stick with the normal werthers . I cant believe i bought 12 bags of this crap ...
 I was disappointed by these eucalyptus leaves - they have a stale , oregano-like smell . Ask your local florist to get you some fresh leaves !
 I was disappointed by these eucalyptus leaves - they have a stale , oregano-like smell . Ask your local florist to get you some fresh leaves !
 First , the inside case was damaged because the plastic wrap securing the cans in the case had been torn apart . Due to that , every can was dented so badly , I was unable to place the can on any flat surface without it falling over , or the top of the can was dented outwards that the pull tab broke off while attemping to open it . I wound up using a hammer to flatten out the dent on the bottom and/or using pliers to remove the entire pull tab . They also could not be stored standing up in the refrig.After drinking the first can I immediately did not care very much for its taste . It had a flavor that is difficult to describe ... not fruity , but more like a funny bubble gum taste , and it did not provide any energy , at least not to me.I purchased this product a few months ago and I still have about fifteen -LRB- 15 -RRB- `` dented '' cans remaining.I highly recommend that anyone makes an attempt to purchase and try one -LRB- 1 -RRB- can before purchasing an entire case of twenty-four -LRB- 24 -RRB- .
 I was disappointed by these eucalyptus leaves - they have a stale , oregano-like smell . Ask your local florist to get you some fresh leaves !
 I was disappointed by these eucalyptus leaves - they have a stale , oregano-like smell . Ask your local florist to get you some fresh leaves !
 Info provided does n't disclose that this is spiced apple syrup . I wish someone in the US would make just plain apple syrup . I have to get it from Canada
 I started drinking this tea as an alternative to coffee , and I notice no caffeine boost affects whatsoever . A waste of money .
 I was expecting a more intense apricot flavor . I will not be buying this product again .
 I was disappointed by these eucalyptus leaves - they have a stale , oregano-like smell . Ask your local florist to get you some fresh leaves !
 I was disappointed by these eucalyptus leaves - they have a stale , oregano-like smell . Ask your local florist to get you some fresh leaves !
 I was disappointed by these eucalyptus leaves - they have a stale , oregano-like smell . Ask your local florist to get you some fresh leaves !
 I just received this box of `` Green Tea with Ginger . '' I brewed one cup each for my husband and myself , but there was no ginger taste , and the tea was dark in color . I checked the ingredients list on the box , and it is actually green tea with blackberry leaf !! Ginger was listed last on the list , an indication there is less of it than blackberry leaf . I wanted the taste of ginger ; NOT the overwhelming taste of blackberry which I DO NOT CARE FOR and would never knowingly buy !! When I went online to Amazon Returns , it said `` this item can not be returned !! ' This is terribly unfair , and this experience has lowered my estimation of Amazon.com . Whatever happened to `` quality control ? ''
 I was disappointed by these eucalyptus leaves - they have a stale , oregano-like smell . Ask your local florist to get you some fresh leaves !
 This popcorn salt is incredibly strong . We have a smaller , amusement-park style kettle . A little bit makes the corn incredibly salty and bright orange . It 's possible that this is extra potent for big theatre kettles . But use sparingly in a smaller kettle .
 I am only giving this product such a low rating because of the shipping . The product costs $ 29.95 , and shipping is $ 22.49 ... Doubling the cost!This is the product we used to flavor the popcorn in the movie theater I worked in during high school . I adore it .
 This is only salt and flavoring folks , it is not worth $ 40 ! I just went and looked at a carton I bought , ok quite a few years ago , BUT the price on that carton is $ 1.95 !!! And it is the exact same size and same carton . Do you really think salt went up that much !
 I had been looking for Millstone 's Vermont Maple Coffee for months , only to find out that it had been discontinued . I was hoping to find a replacement , but this coffee tastes nothing like it . I guess it is just not a popular flavor , but it was my favorite weekend coffee .
 I tried making biscuits twice and ended up throwing out both batches . It has a strange taste to it and the consistency was not good . I would recommend gluten free bisquick over this .
 I was disappointed by these eucalyptus leaves - they have a stale , oregano-like smell . Ask your local florist to get you some fresh leaves !
 I was disappointed by these eucalyptus leaves - they have a stale , oregano-like smell . Ask your local florist to get you some fresh leaves !
 I was disappointed by these eucalyptus leaves - they have a stale , oregano-like smell . Ask your local florist to get you some fresh leaves !
 I was disappointed by these eucalyptus leaves - they have a stale , oregano-like smell . Ask your local florist to get you some fresh leaves !
 If I could I would give this product no stars but 1 star is as low as Amazon goes . I meant to order the `` Glennys '' brand and purchased this brand by mistake . The `` Genisoy '' product is absolutely horrible . The only `` cheddar '' in this product is the word `` cheddar '' on the bag . It tasted like I was eating salted cardboard . I 'll never make this mistake again . Order `` Glennys '' - excellent soy chips .
 I was disappointed by these eucalyptus leaves - they have a stale , oregano-like smell . Ask your local florist to get you some fresh leaves !
 Sociables -LRB- and the other products in this line , such as Vegetable Thins and the bacon ones -RRB- used to be a tasty snack . But around 2001 -LRB- ahem -RRB- , Nabisco changed this entire product line . Ever since then , Sociables and the other products in this series have all tasted exactly the same
 I was disappointed by these eucalyptus leaves - they have a stale , oregano-like smell . Ask your local florist to get you some fresh leaves !
 I wanted to make a black and white cake so I got this at a store near me . As soon as I got home I sprayed a tiny bit on my hand and licked it . It smelled and tasted horrible . I threw it out within minutes of coming home from the store . I own quite a few Wilton products but would advise against getting the black spray .
 I looked everwhere to change my daughter 's birthday cake frosting black when the frosting was white . This product sprays on and says it will give it a black color . I followed the instructions perfectly and it gave it a grayish color only if you sprayed a bunch on . The smell was awful and it looked awful . Realizing it was n't going to work I stopped and tried to scrape it off . The entire cake absorbed the flavor - it was horrible and the cake ended up in the garbage .
 DO NOT BUY THIS ! Thought this was a great idea . sounded quick and a fun way to add color to cakes . It did give color to the cake but the smell was horrible . Smellslike hair spray . Not something I want to eat or let my children eat .
 Some how it was air or maybe sat to long . The sugar was hard and very dry , was more like grain . Had to hand wash the sugar coating off .
 Man , this soup is foul ! It 's not even the taste that 's so bad -- it tastes fairly ok , even though there 's a slight cardboard aftertaste -- it 's the consistency which just makes it terrible . It 's like some kind of sludge
 I bought this because I got reading all the fantastic 5 star reviews . This stuff is so terrible I could n't take more than a few bites and threw the rest in the garbage . Now I 'm stuck with 5 more soups left that I 'll just donate to the homeless .
 I was considering buying this product until I noticed it has MSG . `` Yeast Extract '' is another name for MSG for those that do n't know . I do n't necessarily have a problem with MSG . What I have a problem with is manufacturers using different names to conceal the fact that an ingredient is in the product.And just to play both sides , MSG is actually considered safe for 99 % of the population according to several studies -LRB- please do your own research to confirm -RRB- . However , I do n't like being lied to , so this food is off my list .
 I bought these soups not realizing the following -- the soup cup is two servings -- that means that this is 340 calories and a whopping 660 mg of sodium . I guess you could eat half the container , but what do you do with the rest ? Despite this -LRB- hey , I bought it ... -RRB- , I made the soup and was unimpressed . It tasted salty and stale . I have had other dehydrated soup cups -LRB- great for traveling -RRB- and this is by far one of the worst ones that I have had . Too many calories , too salty and too complicated to make -LRB- you just do n't pour in boiling water and wait a couple of minutes -RRB- . I find that the Nile Spice soups are better and certainly less fattening.I am a bit surprised that Dr. McDougall would create a product like this . I thought it would be more healthful !
 Yeast extract , one of the ingredients , is code for MSG . Go to truthinlabeling.com to get the low down on how it 's legal for macdougalls to do this.Sneaky , but legal ... Makes the entire macdougalls line suspect . They should be open about the addition of MSG . It makes many people sick . So depressing to see this in a `` health food '' . This is why they ca n't advertise `` no MSG '' on the label or in their advertising ... Get it ?
 I 'd save your pennies here and pass on this one . For the taste , it 's not worth the price . Also , you have to wait a while for it to cook all the way so what I did was dump it all into a pot and add boiling water ... kind of defeats the purpose of the `` on-the-go '' part of the packaging .
 I followed the directions and the product was bad . I would n't even call it soup , much more like concrete . I could n't finish it . My partner had the same opinion after trying . I think the Nile products are much better ...
 I purchased based on the good reviews as I was looking for something quick and healthy , while providing protein . I usually enjoy black beans , and figured this HAD to taste good considering the reviews . But ... OMG , terrible . I do n't know what kind of taste buds others have , but this is inedible ! I even feel bad donating to a food bank .
 What good is nutrition if your body is on the verge of puking ? This is my first time eating Black Bean and Lime . I had tried Dr.McDougall 's curry and Pad Thai ; both are better tasting than this . BBL almost made me puke because of the taste , and some of the flavor blend did n't dissolve , rather it became a paste , a rather disgusting paste .
 I tried this as a break from heavy lunches . I found it really nasty . The flavor powder clumps up , no matter how vigorously you stir the mess , and the beans stay a bit too hard . The final texture is like maple syrup with lumps . The flavor is horrid -- dried something , but no resemblance to any food I 've had -LRB- and homemade black bean soup is a favorite -RRB- . This seems to be a product devised by someone who considers food only a nutrient object , not a potential source of joy in life . I can not recommend this to anyone who has taste buds .
 so nasty ... the taste was like having herpes . . ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwhahahah , lOLnasty , toilet , garbage , this product should not even exist ... it 's so nasty .
 I was looking for an easy snack that was an alternative to ramen and such . However , this was a very big disappointment . The flavor was awful , not only bland , but it had some sort of off putting stench . Some sort of plastic trying to be meat smell . Second is the portion . There is a reason that this thing only has a small number of calories , it 's because there are only like 4 bites of food in here . I 'm much happier with a head of raw cauliflower . Now I do n't know what to do with the rest of the box .
 Check the description before you buy . The price I paid was for a single packet . Do n't assume that because the price is similar to what you might pay for 8 or 10 of these packets at your local grocery store that you are getting more than a single packet . That did n't pan out so well for me and I am returning the item .
 I wanted to make a black and white cake so I got this at a store near me . As soon as I got home I sprayed a tiny bit on my hand and licked it . It smelled and tasted horrible . I threw it out within minutes of coming home from the store . I own quite a few Wilton products but would advise against getting the black spray .
 I looked everwhere to change my daughter 's birthday cake frosting black when the frosting was white . This product sprays on and says it will give it a black color . I followed the instructions perfectly and it gave it a grayish color only if you sprayed a bunch on . The smell was awful and it looked awful . Realizing it was n't going to work I stopped and tried to scrape it off . The entire cake absorbed the flavor - it was horrible and the cake ended up in the garbage .
 DO NOT BUY THIS ! Thought this was a great idea . sounded quick and a fun way to add color to cakes . It did give color to the cake but the smell was horrible . Smellslike hair spray . Not something I want to eat or let my children eat .
 I Had a bad experience with this seller . First of all , the description is deceiving , it states you get 12 bottles and charges you for the appropriate weight of 12 bottles , but they actually only send you one bottle . Then on top of , they did a horrible job packing the bottle , arrived broken . dripping all over the place because they put in a oversized box with little wrapping , which allowed the bottle to be thrown all over the box . Very deceiving seller . Not happy with the whole transaction , will never buy from this seller again .
 This `` marzipan '' arrived fresh , sweet , and cute , but the flavor of almonds , which makes marzipan , marzipan was non existant . Save your money on this one .
 I 'm a huge Twerpz fan , but the box of candy i received was stale and i was pretty upset with that !
 I would like to think of myself as BBQ Sauce connoisseur . I have enjoyed many varieties of flavors and styles of BBQ sauces , but this is by far one of my least favorite sauces . The sauce had a very runny constancy , which did not thicken up even during caramelization . Dinosaur 's Original flavor was rather bland in taste . I have experienced more flavor and originality in a store brand BBQ Sauce .
 I 'd hardly call this soy sauce . The flavor is really weak . I 'm on a limited sodium diet and I felt that using River Bridge Light soy was more of a detriment than if I just left it off altogether.I have better results mixing regular soy with a bit of water for better flavor .
 I always keep a well stocked pantry of staples and tahini is a must have on that list . When I ran out recently , I looked for a can of Joyva in the store but there was none to be found . There was , however , a can of Yehuda `` Tehina '' so I took a chance and bought it . As the previous reviewer states - this is not sesame paste . I agree with him there but at that point we part company . This is rather someone 's misdirected attempt to share their tahini sauce recipe . It is flavorless , suspiciously fluffy -LRB- which is explained by the ingredient list - STARCH - and in case you are fearful of the fat I guess - it has been cut for you by the addition of chickpeas -LRB- which DO N'T belong in tahini sauce -RRB- . Now I do n't mind convenience foods - I just do n't use them in general , and not for nothing-if I pick something up labelled `` chicken '' I do n't expect to open the package and find breaded nuggets . If the can had been labelled `` Tahina SAUCE '' I would have passed it by - but it merely says TEHINA . Yehuda needs to get the label right . For the price I can make a bucket of the real thing that actually tastes GOOD .
 first time i ordered the item i was pleasantly surprised each chocolate was filled nicely with burbon and had a strong burbon taste . second time i ordered the item there was very little if any burbon in the chocolate . attempted to contact the seller and had no response . do n't waste your money on this expensive item
 I love AmeriColor , but instead of receiving the soft gel paste in brown I received AmeriColor Airbrush food color in brown . Not the same thing .
 I ordered this on December 26th . It is now January 8th , it should have been here yesterday . I 'm not understanding why it takes so long to ship from South Carolina to Pennsylvania . I ordered this to make my daughters elmo cake for her 2nd birthday , it 's not going to make it on time . I love amazon , but I will never order from this seller again .
 the gel is really annoying i should have got the liquid one because this one takes too long to blend into the food , it eventually does thought it it does work but doesnt blend perfectly
 I bought this brand because of all of the glowing reviews here , and I 'm not happy about that decision . I wanted a light brown -LRB- not dark , like chocolate -RRB- frosting for my son 's birthday cake . I did n't want to make it chocolate , and , as I said , I did n't want it very dark anyway . So , I bought the Warm Brown.I did a test run of his cake today . I made my frosting and added in a couple of drops of the paste . It was basically pink . Well , brownish-pink , but way too pink . I thought that maybe I needed more to get closer to the color on the sticker that is on the cap . So , I added some more . Still too pink . So I added still more . By the time I had finished , it was slightly more brown , but still had way too much of a pink undertone for what I was looking for . And it really was n't close to the colored sticker on the bottle.I 'm pretty disappointed . Perhaps it is just this brown color that is the problem and that the others are great . But , the Wilton colors I have so far have met my expectations much better than this . I am glad that I did a trial run on the birthday cake . I think that I will have to go for chocolate frosting after all , using cocoa to get the color I want .
 Recently purchased Anchovy Stuffed Olives . It was very hard to find , let alone taste the `` anchovy '' in each olive . The jar should be named `` I wish I had Anchovy Stuffed Olives '' . Unfortunately I am not being funny . Our Martini group will continue the search for anchovy stuffed olives with substance ...
 The label states Colombian Dark . I 'm not sure what that means but when you brew this coffeeand drink it you do n't get much Colombian flavor . This coffee is produced on shade tree farmsin the Mexican Highlands according to the packaging . You can drink it with cream and sugar andit tastes okay but straight black it lacks that Colombian flavor . If you want Colombian coffeejust buy some Prima Barista Colombian coffee pods . Cut two of them open and dump them in yourregular coffee maker . Then half fill the reservoir with water and you 'll have 3 cups of veryflavorful Colombian tasting black coffee.I had high hopes for this coffee and had sold myself based on all the other reviews . Sorry thatthis coffee disappointed me . Their other flavors might be fine . When I drink this coffee blackit has a flavor that is better than coffees that use a lot of filler but has a sort of flavor thatI do n't recognize as definitively coffee . It 's smooth and refined but lacks coffee flavor . Itdoes n't smell like fine coffee either after you grind it . That was my first signal that maybethis was n't going to work.My search for really good Colombian coffee goes on . -LRB- The Via Colombian is pretty good but not great.I would put Via 's Colombian far ahead of this and that is not faint praise since the Via ispretty good . -RRB- The Prima Barista pods are better than Via and Cheaper when you make half a pot at atime . So consider that while you search for true Colombian .
 This reminded me of a bland `` Breakfast Blend '' ! No distinct taste/body at all!If you are looking for a full flavored rich coffee that has a bold/smooth taste !? - Try their Peruvian Dark , Ruta Maya Cubita organic Cuban -LRB- Costco.com online - for non-members too ! -RRB- , or Ethical Beans organic Espresso -LRB- best Espresso I 've had outside of Brazil , and I drip grind/brew it ! -RRB- ! ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ This is the Best drip coffee Maker I 've ever had!For a GREAT cup of coffee without having to Hassle with a messy Espresso/French Press machine!Melitta 46893 12-Cup Coffee MakerI use a Med/fine grind -LRB- 6 -RRB- , with my KitchenAid burr grinder -LRB- shop around , for a better price ! -RRB- - KitchenAid Pro Line Burr Coffee Grinder - Onyx Black
 I ordered this grocery item , the `` Wise Snacks Cheez Doodles , White Cheddar , 6.5-Ounce Bags '' -LRB- Pack of 15 -RRB- at December 13 2006 , i received this snacks at December 19 2006 . Whem i checked the limit date for consumption , it is DECEMBER 18 2006 ! I was astonished.When i tried to return this outdated item , the Amazon form do not accept returns of grocery items -LRB- !!!!! -RRB- . So i tried other solution to return this as a defective item.So , please , be careful when you order grocery items . CHECK THE DATE LIMIT !
 The package looks appealing , but the tiny bars have a tiny taste , stay away from these.Would never think of purchasing the likes again
 I buy all my cereal from Amazon . I am usually very pleased with products received from Amazon . This box of cereal bowls contained several bowls that were open ! All of the varieties I tried were stale and did n't taste right ; and the Raisin Bran actually seemed rotten . The first thing I did after encountering these problems was to check for an expiration or use by date . There was no indication on any of the packaging ANYWHERE as to when these bowls of cereal would no longer be appropriate for human consumption . By comparison , the General Mills cereals I 've purchased from Amazon have expiration dates on each and every individual bowl -LRB- usually printed on the bottom -RRB- . Kellogg 's makes great cereals - I have no problem with Kellogg 's - I think I got a bad box that had been stored away in the back of some warehouse somewhere that should have been discarded because it was way past its shelf-life . Amazon , of course , refunded my money . But , just beware that it could happen to you and if it does be sure to get Amazon to refund your money . Amazon 's warehouses need to be more vigilant . We ca n't just complain on here and hope the warehouses change their practices - we need to make our money talk to Amazon so they will get warehouse management/personnel to comply with Amazon standards and federal consumer laws .
 This product arrived and I was happy , LOVE Izze 's , however , what I thought I was getting was four , 4-pks of 12-oz sparkling juice , not the one 4-pk . If that was the case , I could 've went to my local store and picked-up the case for $ 5 ! This is definitely going back , talk about inflation : - |
 Do n't buy this coffee here !! You 're paying more than the retail value !! K-cups should average out to be about 50 to 65 cents a cup MAX .
 This review is based on price not on coffee quality or taste.Do the math ... 2 boxes of 25 K-cups = 50 K-cups @ 41.95 = $ 0.839 / cupOn Green mountain web site 24 K-Cups @ $ 13.95 = $ 0.581 / cupYou can get that down to $ 11.95 for $ 0.498 / cup with the `` cafe express '' . Even if you buy from Keurig they are $ 13.95 for 24 K-cups . I love Amazon but that seems like a BIG price for the joy of buying from Amazon .
 The store who sold this `` AM COFFEE '' was fabulous . There service and presentation of the product was great . I did not like the flavor of the coffee however . The beans were very greasy and it tasted more like vanilla .
 These were not all very fresh ! I bought these nd split the whole thing with my parents . Mine were half stale and my parents ' have been half stale . I was n't too thrilled .
 The waffies were stale . They obviously are very old and they did not taste at all like they used to .
 Some of the packages were broken open , and others seem really stale , like the flakes were petrefied or something ... It was kind of a mess with the open packages spilling cereal all over the rest of the box . I will say I had ordered something similar in the past -LRB- but a bigger individual serving -RRB- and there were no problems with that purchase ...
 I bought this for my picky 5yo , since she 'll actually eat this for lunch at school . I did n't even THINK for a second to check the ingredients to see if the trans-fat ridden and cheap `` Partially Hydrogenated '' oil was used to make FROOT LOOPS . - I mean , really ! I can not believe that in the year 2006 , Kellogs is still using such cheap and unhealthy ingredients in their cereals , which are aimed at kids !! They have at least attempted to make this cereal seem `` healthy '' by lowering the sugar content , but would be even better if they took out the partially hydrogenated crap !!!
 I ate these a lot growing up . My parents -LRB- and most people at the time in the 70s -RRB- did n't think about nutrition in foods for kids . Now that I have 2 little ones , I read the ingredients . The first ingredient is sugar . It comes out to 3 teaspoons of sugar for a 1 ounce serving -LRB- serving size geared for adults -RRB- . A few ingredients -LRB- listed in order of quantity -RRB- is partially hydrogenated oil ?!?!?! This is the worst . I would n't eat it myself let alone give it to children . That kind of oil is highly processed and just 1 atom -LRB- chemically -RRB- away from being plastic . This IS trans fat . There is NO safe amount that anyone should consume of this stuff . They get away with printing that it has no trans fat because it has less than .5 grams per serving -LRB- adult sized serving -RRB- . So there 's like 8 grams of trans fat in a typical box . I can see when you shop with kids you do n't have time to read labels , but if you do n't know for sure what 's in something , take the time to go shopping alone so you can buy something that is n't total junk.On another soapbox , it 's mostly us Americans that do n't mind / care / desire a certain taste for stuff with trans fat . For example , when I was in Korea for a year for the service , the korean oreo cookies had no trans fat at all and were just as good as the US version that had 1.5 g of trans fat per serving .
 This cereal has a good flavor and generous serving size , however the `` crunchy '' bits are too hard to even eat .
 Do n't bother buying this product . The price is nice as a solution to buying breakfast everyday at work , but the cheap containers that kelloggs is using now suck . 5 out of the 60 boxes I received were damaged and food was all over the box it was shipped it . The price was worth it with the discounts kelloggs offers sometimes but losing 8 % of the amount paid for ruins the value .
 These looked wonderful and were a birthday present for a close friend . When they came the foil was all stuck to the candy . We tried to unwrap a couple and it made a bigger mess with the paper sticking terribly to the candy . In the end we were able to taste the tiniest piece which just made us more disappointed and angry since it was delicious . We would never order these again or do business with this company . And living in Florida was not the problem since we paid BIG prices for the candy and shipping , it was not hot and the package was literally put in our hands from the truck , so it did n't sit outside . Big Big disappointment .
 I have only tried the raw Sourwood honey from Savannah Bee Company but I have had 35 + years of experience eating and tasting sourwood honey throughout the SE United States . I lived in Blue Ridge , GA on the Tocca River and had Sourwood trees on my property . The sourwood honey I received from Savannah Bee Company was like no other sourwood honey I have ever tasted . It was actually sour on the initial taste , then bitter on the after taste . It was thick and a rather dark amber color . Anyone that knows sourwood honey knows it is not supposed to be sour . I have never experienced bitter honey before in my life . A small amount of the honey had leaked in the packaging during shipment making unpacking a messy affair . I give this honey 1 star only because there is no lower ranking . If you are thinking about buying this product do yourself a favor and buy from another sourwood producer as well , then taste for yourself the difference .
 I bought a 24 can case of these and will never do it again . I should have heeded others reviews but I thought `` I 'm not that finicky '' . You do n't have to be finicky to disapprove of these . -LRB- 1 -RRB- They 've got a stringy thing hanging off of them . -LRB- 2 -RRB- They are small -LRB- 3 -RRB- If they have n't fallen apart by the time you open the can , they will by the time you get them to your mouth . Probably more wrong too but I 'm trying to stomach my way through them by making stew . I have to put them in a strainer first to rinse off whatever crap that is on them , cook them in butter and lot 's of salt & pepper before I put in milk . Then close my eyes & try to palate them . I would never feed them to a friend . I think Amazon would take them back but they have been so good about that on bad products I hate to ask them .
 Well I bought these , ended up giving to my dogs . Thee ... . aroma filled my apartment for a couple of days , mind you I threw out the can the same day I opened . There was a strong bite , bitterness to these ... . from the smoking process maybe ? Whatever it was it made these unedible for me . Now if you like seriously strong flavored smoked fish then this is for you .
 Despite the fact that the `` nutritional information '' on Amazon states that this product is only herring , water , and salt , the cans state that GLUTEN is part of the deal . I am feeding my cans to my dogs , who incidentally love the flavor.BTW , what the hell is gluten doing in a can of fish ?
 These are are loose packed in a LOT of water . They are soft and slimy as a result . I could n't force them down.I recommend the more expensive Brunswick or Prince Albert herring , which is what I am used to .
 WOW ! This is probably why they do n't put the nutritional panel on this page ; if I had seen that this tiny 7-OZ BOWL CONTAINED 1320mg OF SALT , I would have never bought!Well , of course it does n't taste BAD -LRB- never does anything super-salty taste bad ... Fries , anyone ? -RRB- , but the noodles are kindy mushy , and the `` spicy '' sauce is not spicy at all.I do n't know what the other reviewer smoked . Or were they paid by Luck 's ... ? I will eat what I bought -LRB- it 's edible , and I never waste food -RRB- , but I will not order again .
 I purchase English tea for the strength of the brew , this stuff is VERY weak compared to PGTips ! I have to use two teabags per cup ! If you like strong English tea avoid this stuff ! Unfortunately I now have 6 boxes to get through .
 I ordered this product 3 months ago and there was a problem . You open up the box that says `` Teriyaki '' but you find `` Sweet & Hott '' packages instead . Amazon told me Sorry and to try again later . I told them the manufacturer -LRB- Pemmican -RRB- made a mistake and Amazon should get it taken care of . I figured 3 months would be plenty of time for this to be sorted out . But as you can tell , it has n't . My order which came 2 days ago , is once again `` Sweet & Hott '' . Wow !
 These so-called `` LUMP '' crab cakes from THE CRAB PLACE , were a MAJOR DISAPPONTMENT , to say the least.Rather than tasting like authenic crab cakes from Baltimore , these pulverized patties of overpriced CAT FOOD came to our door looking freezer burned with dark discolorations.I think this is possibly the WORST FOOD VENDOR in Amazon.com 's inventory of gourmet foods . When you write to their customer service department some guy name MATT does his best to ignore you , offering nothing in return for all your efforts.Probably made in a GARAGE somewhere in Virginia , this product is surely not worth the rediculous cost per pound they are charging.The only thing THE CRAB PLACE really knows about CRABS ... is apparently from an old gym class Personal Hygiene film the owners saw in High School !!!
 We ordered a large intial order from `` The Crab Place '' , who by the way go under various other names -LSB- including `` The Lobster Store '' which should be an early warning of something ugly pending in the wind . -RSB- Their `` Big Momma Shrimp '' was the toughest , blandest shell fish I have ever eaten ... and their Lobster tails were tasteless and mushy.The WORST thing that arrived on my order was the jar of `` Crab Place '' tarter sauce . THERE SHOULD BE A CRIME against companys that make this poor of a product . It was separated , like a clear slimey yellowish fluid with what looked like crab entrails floating around in the bottle.It literally made me nautious and we threw it into our kitchen trash can straight from `` The Crab Place 's '' shipping container.When I wrote to complain about these problems , MATT from the Crab Place basically said `` Sorry to hear you were disappointed ... let me know how the Crab Cakes you also ordered turn out `` Matt ... if this is your idea of Customer Service , then that explains the lack of quality , the inexcusable poor integrity of your company , and your williness to put `` On Sale '' so many of `` The Crab Place 's '' products on the internet.By the way , `` Matt '' , every review of your Crab Cakes says your advertised `` lump crab '' is so pulverized you ca n't even be sure it is real Crab Meat ! I think I am going to save mine for CAT FOOD , thank you!I truly believe this company is selling online , ONLY because they have been shut down by the local health department and have no other way to make a buck !
 The service from BeverageGourmet was excellent . The flavor of the mango however was horrible . It tastes nothing like real mango .
 OMG these taste AWLFUL !!! Do not buy 24 of them as you will have 23 and 1 opened pack left . I am trying to sell mine online as I HATE them .
 Each bag was covered on the outside with butter between the popcorn bag and sealed plastic wrapping . I do n't understand how this could happen but it did and with every popped bag you get a butter covered bag ! Not good .
 This was one of my &#34; Subscribe and Same &#34; items -- but now it 's ... euuuuuuyuck . The oil is often on the outside of the bag and it 's gotten a bitter artificial taste .
 I soldered this merchandise as a Christmas gift and was informed I would receive it about 12/24/12 . Today is 1/4/13 and I have NOT RECEIVED THIS MERCHANDISE .
 I love this popcorn , until I researched on artificial butter flavor which is based on diacetyl which can cause lung cancer.I would not give this to my family or to anyone else with such harmful chemicals . You could google for this chemical and find additional information on this.Shame on companies like Conagra which makes products like this . I have fed this popcorn to my daughter several times and feel guilty that I should have checked on the ingredients before.The ` diacetyl ' is neatly concealed , look out for a label which says ` Naturally and Artificially flavored ' - if it contains artificially flavored - just throw the box away .
 If you do n't have peppers in the frig and do n't have time to run to the store , these will do . Expensive thou with shipping cost . Plan ahead and go to the store .
 I bought this locally when I could n't find Monin 's syrup . I like Torani 's caramel , chocolate , and nut flavored products in coffee . The pomegranate flavor , though , tastes like cough syrup but not as good . Monin 's the one you want.Monin Pomegranate Syrup
 I 've never used syrups before and I 'm disappointed . It adds sweetness but hardly any flavor . I think the flavored coffees are much better .
 The bean quality is awful.It the same as a local supermarket which charges 1.7 $ / lbThe Barry Farm for it 's product charges less than 3 $ / lb.Bad deal .
 Teff flour is an amazing ancient grain , high in protein and nutrients . I purchased Bob ' teff and made injura . It tasted delicous , so I ate three of them . Shortly after consuming them , I went for a long run in the heat and became ill . I thought it was the heat . A few hours later I was violently throwing up , like food poisoning and blaming it on using too much coconut oil . It was a year before I made bread with it again . I ate a small slice . Two hours later I was violently throwing up . Hmmm , connection ? I have no known allergies other than to neosporin and nickel , so it seems ridiculous I would have problems with a grain , especially one so innocuously tiny ! Not wanting to give up easily , I decided to eat a pinch , literally , of teff flour . The amount was so small , I thought it would only make me a tad nauseous . Big mistake . A few hours later I had another violent rejection episode . I googled for information but only found one woman who experienced a food poisoning type response to teff , but her post was five years old , so I did n't respond with questions . I emailed a small company that distributes teff and a kind woman said some people 's bodies reject teff . Wow , reject is too nice a word for what happens to me . I apologize for such a disgusting post , but it is important for people to know that some bodies do reject -LRB- violently -RRB- this flour . It is such an ancient grain , rejection seems almost impossible . It is not .
 So , we do not feed our children food dye for various reasons . This makes it tough to decorate cakes/treats for birthdays and holidays . We have been using INDIA TREE natural food coloring for years . Although the results are frosting colors much lighter then grocery store food dye ... the kids are happy and so are we . The other day i ordered the INDIA TREE &#34; Emerald City Green &#34; sparkling sugar to make pretty treats for St.Paddy 's Day . The package arrived today and i could not be more shocked/upset . They use Blue # 1 and yellow # 5 in this product . I had assumed -LRB- my bad -RRB- all their products used natural alternatives ... if i had wanted these chemicals i would have gone to the grocery store and bought that cheap stuff . I 'm so angry and very dissapointed .
 I know this is supposed to be healthy -- but it 's not tasty at all . . and to keep it healthy , you would n't want to put sugar , or cream on it !
 This stuff is absolutely disgusting !!! It cooks to a mushy texture and is kinda like cement , with a slightly better flavor . I does not have any resistance like oats or other grains . It says creamy buckwheat cereal ... description sound really good !! Do not buy it unless you like mush !
 Bob 's Red Mill products are top notch ! Unfortunately , the picture shown in this product is a bag of GLUTEN FREE Buckwheat Cereal . What I received is NOT Gluten Free ! From what I understand , returning products to Amazon is not easy . GRRRR !!
 I contacted Bob 's Red Mill by telephone after noticing that the packaging no longer shows Gluten Free . I was told the buckwheat is sourced from one company , and that enough contamination has started occuring that Bob 's Red Mill Creamy Buckwheat can NO LONGER be considered Gluten-Free . The non-GF status is also listed in capital letters on Bob 's Red Mill website.Very disappointing to me because I had grown to really appreciate the taste of this cereal -- even more so than oatmeal .
 I was VERY disappointed when I received these pears . They are not peeled and the seeds are not removed . The peels alone I could probably forgive , but many pieces have seeds and/or core , which make for difficult eating , especially for children . Even the taste is rather bland . They are not sweet pears at all , and are leathery texture . Definitely not a child-friendly snack ! Now I 'm stuck with close to fifty bucks worth of seeded dried pears , because you ca n't return food . Definitely would NOT recommend -- I would give it zero stars if I could !
 They package their product in plastic containers while boiling hot . Does `` organic '' make sense after that ?
 I have to agree with the other reviewer that the package does not seem consistent with the contents . I 'm not taking any chances on plastic in the microwave . I 'll stick with Earth 's Best .
 I was hoping I found a source for `` real '' grits . I was tipped off that this was n't the real deal when the label said something about `` mush '' . It fits the definition of mush i.e. soft or soggy mass.I have been searching for real grits since my supplier retired . He refurbished an old grist mill as a hobby then decided to use the plentiful local corn to mill grits . They were fabulous , the real kind that you had to add water , let the hulls float to the top , pour off the water , add more water , then cook for 45 minutes . Lots of butter , salt , and pepper and there 's nothing better .
 It wasnt what I ordered Then my kids tried one and it was a chocolate no puffs inside . This isnt what I thought it would be
 I love baba Ghanoush , and make it from time to time and also buy it refrigerated and love it , but did n't care much for this . Very bland and you have to add garlic , lemon , and olive oil yourself . Buy it in the tub from a hippy food store .
 The cherries are okay , but there are WAY too many pits -- not the `` occasional '' pit the package warns against . And they 're not easy to remove , either , because the cherries are so intensely desiccated . Save your teeth and your wallet and get your cherries somewhere else .
 Bare Fruit Organic Dried Cherries , 2.6-Ounce Pouches -LRB- Pack of 24 -RRB- While this purchase was made when this product was on clearance , the expiration date had not expired , and I , as well as two other people , found this product to be distasteful due to a `` dirt-like , '' flavor and not a `` fruit-filled cherry '' one . Personally , I do not believe that this is due to the fact that the fruit is organic and unsweetened for I purchase these types of products often . If you have purchased these packages already , you may try soaking them in juice overnight in the refrigerator and using them as a more healthful topping for
 I would eat these cherries instead of insects . They are mostly flavorless , yet still chewy . I really like dried cherries -LRB- in salads , cookies , as a snack -RRB- ; these are so disappointing , I find it hard to believe Amazon sells them .
 full of pips . unsweetened and extremely chewy . If this is your style - go for it .
 The cherries taste rancid . Very disappointing for an organic product . We expected a brighter , fresher flavor . Maybe the sale price was an indication of quality . My husband says they taste like prunes .
 I ordered this brand because it had the least amount of sugar.The cherries were gritty -LRB- dirty ? , sand ? -RRB- and did not have the tart taste of locally purchased dried cherries . Now I 'm stuck with a whole box of them that no one in my family wants to eat .
 I 'm sure they are quite healthy . But I hated the taste -- they really had no taste , and a funny aftertaste . It might very well be the base flavor of whatever type of cherries they started with , so others might be OK with it . Texture was OK , mine are not gritty , but honestly , I 'm going to throw them out .
 We eat a lot of dried cherries . I purchased these for the convenience of small individual bags . Well , the small bags were definitely convenient , but the cherries were awful . Another reviewer said they were tasteless . Would that they were ! These tasted nasty . I do n't believe they were spoiled , just bad tasting . I ca n't describe the flavor they had - metallic maybe . Also , there was no consistency . Some cherries were plump and juicy while others were shrivelled and hard . Some were red and some were white/tan . Do n't be fooled by the discount . These are inedible at any price . I suggest Traverse Bay dried cherries . Amazon sells them in a 4 pound package for a very good price and those cherries are great .
 I bought these because we love Mrs. May 's Almond Crunch , which we 've bought at Costco . We like walnuts , too , and thought this snack would be just as good as the almond crunch . Unfortunately it 's not . The skin on the walnuts makes the walnut crunch taste bitter and there 's a strange kind of health-foody malty taste , too . We kept opening bags thinking the next one would be better , but they were all the same . Buy the almond crunch instead , that 's really good .
 Not that I 've ever eaten sawdust . But this just might be a good comparison . Very dry and no taste . I 'm surprised this one ever got off the ground with Mrs. Mays .
 I WOULD NOT FEED THIS SNACK FOOD TO KIDS . IT IS A PRODUCT OF CHINA AND GOD KNOWS WHAT IS IN IT .
 At first I was concerned that the product was made in China . But it states that it 's all natural , free of artificial coloring and all that , so I bought it . However , it turned out to be not as `` air-tight '' as I 'd like it to be . Feels a bit soggy and fluffy . Also , it lacks strong black sesame taste ! In general , strong aroma is lacking , not to mention that it 's on the pricey side . I would n't recommend this product if you desire a strong , solid taste of black sesame .
 I am sorry to say these are not good . I was really hopeful , as the other reviews were pretty good , but I just did n't care for these . I have to say these are a notch above tree bark , with seeds , stems , hulls , etc. , and a slight apple taste . Sorry Bare Fruits , wo n't be orderin ' these again .
 I was disappointed in the apple chips because they were tough and chewy . I had purchased another brand and they were very delicious . They were crisp and had a lot of flavor . These were a real let down .
 I took a chance and ordered this healthy organic product . I received my delivery today and I do n't like the taste nor the soft texture . This is my first try at dry fruits , perhaps it is an acquired taste . Since I have 24 packs of them , I will give it a few more tries before I give them away during Halloween .
 I was very disappointed in the taste of these . I found them very unpleasant as I usually like dried apples as a snack on WW but these are n't sweet or crunchy at all . Dose n't even taste like apples . It is more like a chore to eat these . I liked the Sensible Foods brand much better . I would not recommend this brand at all .
 Amazon also carries Crispy Green 's freeze-dried apple chipsCrispy Green 's Fruit Snack , which tasted much better than this bake-dried one . Also freeze-dried keeps 90 % of the original nutrition , while the bake-dried burns most of it . As a health product I would prefer the former . The only problem with Crispy Green 's apple chips is `` Good but Expansive '' as one of its customer review puts it . As far as I know freez drying is very energy consuming . Now I found another product dried by a new drying method tasted just as good but the price is only half of Crispy Green 's .
 I used to like this product until I learned that it is made in China!How many more horror stories do we need to hear about such atrocities as lead in baby toys made in China , contaminated baby formula made in China , contaminated tooth paste made in China , and poisoned pet food before we learn that -- if it comes from China -- it should not go in your mouth , your baby 's mouth , or your pet 's mouth ??!!!
 I used to buy these as healthy snacks at my office cafeteria and consider it better than a bag of potato chips . These taste very crunchy and tasty.Given the kind of unethical food stories we read about China - we need to see some kind of assurance and facts on the processes that the manufacturer is following to make these . You just can not import food stuff and sell in the US as gourmet snack food - there needs to be data backing this.Few example of Chinese food -LRB- yuk ... -RRB- : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Melamine -LRB- kind of platic -RRB- in baby food and milk -LRB- so wide spread that 80 % of milk in China contained this plastic in 2008 -RRB- -LRB- 2 -RRB- Honey contaminated with ciprofloxacin -LRB- antibiotic -RRB- - because of which it was banned in the US -LRB- 3 -RRB- Soy Sauce made from Human hair -LRB- not joking google it if you want -RRB- -LRB- 4 -RRB- Spurious drugs exported to African countries.Need some good facts and quality controls from the Manufacturers that the chinese producers are complying with some good quality controls .
 Mrs. May 's should inform their customers where exactly their products are made and take a stand . I wo n't be buying any more of her products until further notice no matter how yummy they are . Do-no-harm and quality-control is a concept not understood in China . Totally frightening what they 're getting away with .
 Given the recent issues with products made in China I have decided to not buy any food products from there so I wo n't be buying anymore of this snack . If they ever switch to made in the U.S. I 'll buy it again as I did like it .
 This product is made in China . I would not believe any claims they make regarding allergy safety and vegan/kosher . Considering Mrs. May 's markets itself as a healthy product , I was shocked when I glanced at the back and noticed this product was made in China . China has proven that we can not trust their manufacturing practices . Unsafe toys , dog food , and now we 're supposed to trust them making our health food?Not to mention the carbon footprint created by shipping something halfway around the world . I will not buy this product anymore .
 I 'm a little shocked that this so-called health food product is made from Chinese grown ingredients . I 'd be curious to see what the carbon footprint of each bite is . Also keep in mind that Chinese ingredients and products have been found to have all kinds of contaminants such as lead in toys and melamine in milk and other exported food products . All the ingredients in this snack are widely available in the United States . Why not support products and companies who source locally and consider our own economy before we sell out for a slightly cheaper price ? Your purchasing choice does make a difference . Let 's stop expecting corporations and governments to take care of our safety and economy . They never will . We can change the way these companies do business for the benefit of our long term health and economical well-being . Make purchase decisions wisely .
 Bought these on line as I could n't find it locally . Tought it was a fair deal . Product was good and timely delivery.However , I was able to find it locally at two different local Chinese Grocery stores where it was also cheaper , much cheaper . 250g or 8.8 oz for 2.99 -LRB- as of July 2012 -RRB- . They also carried 500g packages but ca n't recall the exact price , believe it was 5.60 something.Good product , fit the need at the time but cheaper if you look locally .
 I have been drinking green tea for years , and love not only the taste but the smell too . When I opened up the box of this tea I thought I was standing over an old ash tray ! It 's smells horrid and does n't infuse well into the water . I steeped a table spoon of it for five minutes and the water color barely changed . I highly recommend you NOT buy this tea . Exotic product aside , the plain old Lipton green tea bags from the grocery store are far better !
 &#1050; &#1091; &#1087; &#1080; &#1083; &#1072; &#1082; &#1080; &#1083; &#1086; &#1075; &#1088; &#1072; &#1084; &#1084; &#1086; &#1074; &#1091; &#1102; &#1087; &#1072; &#1095; &#1082; &#1091; . &#1042; &#1082; &#1091; &#1089; &#1087; &#1088; &#1086; &#1089; &#1090; &#1086; &#1086; &#1090; &#1074; &#1088; &#1072; &#1090; &#1080; &#1090; &#1077; &#1083; &#1100; &#1085; &#1099; &#1081; , &#1089; &#1087; &#1088; &#1080; &#1084; &#1077; &#1089; &#1100; &#1102; &#1087; &#1099; &#1083; &#1080; . &#1055; &#1080; &#1090; &#1100; &#1085; &#1077; &#1074; &#1086; &#1079; &#1084; &#1086; &#1078; &#1085; &#1086; - &#1086; &#1090; &#1087; &#1088; &#1072; &#1074; &#1080; &#1083; &#1072; &#1074; &#1084; &#1091; &#1089; &#1086; &#1088; . &#1053; &#1077; &#1079; &#1085; &#1072; &#1102; &#1082; &#1072; &#1082; &#1085; &#1077; &#1082; &#1086; &#1090; &#1086; &#1088; &#1099; &#1077; &#1087; &#1103; &#1090; &#1100; &#1079; &#1074; &#1077; &#1079; &#1076; &#1089; &#1090; &#1072; &#1074; &#1080; &#1083; &#1080; &#1101; &#1090; &#1086; &#1084; &#1091; &#1087; &#1088; &#1086; &#1076; &#1091; &#1082; &#1090; &#1091;
 This tea supposed to be really good , but ... It is awful and I think I know why . It is kept in the wrong environment or was acquired from oriental supermarket where it was laying for a long time . It is in a loose paper bag and it is absorbed all the `` aromas '' of typical oriental market and thus has awful taste . There will be no returns or exchange or anything of that nature . There were times when this tea was in a sealed plastic bag inside and that was my favorite tea , not anymore .
 the tea taste very bad . but I am not too surpised since the price is cheap . I wo n't buy it again .
 I am a fan of gunpowder tea and have been for years . The flavor is about what I would expect from a gunpowder tea . The problem with this product is that the pellets were either broken or made up of leaf shreds instead of whole leaves and seem to lack the density I 'm used to . Part of this may be that the packaging is a thin cardboard box and not a tin . I do n't know if this is normal for the brand as it is my first purchase and probably my last . I 'll try other new -LRB- to me -RRB- gunpowder tea marketers or go back to some of my tried and true brands .
 The earthy taste of the tea comes from the dozens of rice size clumps of dirt left behind when the leaves are fully open . These are partial leaves wraped around dirt . Not only do I not recommend this to fellow tea lovers , I do not recommend this be consumed . The quality control on the their gunpowder process is less than adequate by western standards .
 I bought this tea at an Asian market here in town . the box looks the same but the tea was horrible . It does n't look like little green balls of tea leaves , it looks almost black . No tight little balls , the leaves expanded a little bit when in the water , there are tons of stems just thrown in there . It looks like shredded little leaves and stems . The tea turned out yellowish brown . I can stand anything just about anything so this was drinkable , but the quality was terrible . I do n't know if this is how the brand always comes or if there was a problem with mine .
 It reminded me of when I got mud in my mouth , while playing diggers in the garden as a child!Sorry but this was n't for me I 'm affaid.The water just turned black and it tasted ` earthy ' .
 Nice product but to bland for our family - the cinnamon flavored ones were a hit , though .
 This was ordered as a fruit substitute for my four kids on our road trip , but the food had already passed its `` sell by '' date when it arrived .
 I really wanted this to be yummy . I love lobster bisque . However , there was very little lobster . ALso , it tasted medicine-y and had an after taste , Very disappointing .
 The lobster bits in this soup are tiny , tiny , tiny ... ok - nonexistent bits . The flavor is nicely salty and can be doctored to be really good , but it is thinner than I thought , with less lobster flavor than I hoped . I was disappointed and gave away ten of the 12 cans .
 I bought these because I have been making my own lattes for years now and prefer the cleanliness of pods vs ground espresso . I really enjoy Lavazza coffee and was looking forward to receiving this purchase . When the pods arrived at my home I was very disappointed to receive a large ziplock bag of loose -LRB- individually packaged -RRB- pods . There were a few pods that were n't even Lavazza . I looked at several of the individual pods to check for expiration dates -LRB- because they do go bad -RRB- and could n't find any . So for all I know I could have been preparing old and expired espresso . What a bummer . I feel like I wasted my money and in the future I will not buy this particular brand from this site due to the seller 's choice in packaging . But with that said - Lavazza is a great brand of coffee .
 Lavazza espresso pods are by far my favorite . They are strong , make a delicious crema , and they are smoother than many of the other brands . However , I suggest that you do NOT buy your espresso pods from this retailer -LRB- trade concepts -RRB- . I 've bought Lavazza many times , and the product and quality has always been excellent . However , when I purchased this product from Trade Concepts , I received the worst espresso I have ever tasted . I have to use three pods to create the strength usually found in a single pod , there is no crema at all , and it tasted completely different than previous Lavazza products .
 After several times trying to make espresso with poda , i gave up . Everytime it would come very . i followed the directions to the letter . So i am now making espresso directly with g round coffee
 I gave this item 1 star only as a necessary formality , though I would have left the stars blank if I could.Since I 've always been more than satisfied with my Amazon purchases , I was disappointed in the less-than-fresh , -LRB- read
 Not so old that you ca n't eat them but if you 're going to give this as a gift I 'd say pass - the chocolates themselves look like last years batch !
 When these are floating around wherever I am , I often eat other chocolates , even candies first . Even in cases where these are all that 's available - come on it happens ! - here 's how it goes downSomeone
 I was very disappointed with the delivery of the chocolates . I ordered them on July 31 and they did not come until August 12 -LRB- after their expected delivery date -RRB- . I also did not like the fact that they never sent any email confirmation about the order or when they were being shipped .
 This was the biggest rip off ... I found the same thing at the grocery store for 8 dollars less and am retarded for not knowing it was expensive on here . The plastic contain that the chocolates are in is cracked and scratched/dented all over ... not very presentable at all .
 Horrible , chocolate was melted when received . Not in a good condition at all . Delivery was a week . I hoped it would have been not melted , it was n't as great as it was melted .
 I have been wanting to do a review for this chocolate for months now and finally got to it . I have always loved this chocolate to the extent my husband buys it for me whenever he sees it and I also buy my own . Used to be , the smooth chocolate coupled with crunchiness of the hazelnut were delectable ! However , it seems to me as evidenced by its taste now that the maker of this chocolate has compromised its taste . I thought I just got a bad or old batch when I first noticed the taste about 7-8 months ago but I did n't . I still did not believe that the taste has changed , I bought this chocolate many times after and in fact , has about 8 pieces left from the 36/pcs/pk I got from Sam 's Club . The taste has definitely changed in a way that first ; the chocolate tastes more like sugar instead of tasting the chocolateness of it and second ; the hazelnuts are smaller and seems to not be as fresh as it used to be . I am very sad that if ever the manufacturers of this chocolate was trying to cut cost , it has altered the quality taste of this chocolate , then it wo n't be worth buying it anymore . After the batch that I have with me , I do n't think I will buy anymore out of my own pocket unless somebody gives it to me . I hope they will bring it back to its original taste as I am an avid fan of this chocolate for over 20 years now .
 I thought I read that these had soft centers but were hard throughout , thus why I gave it one star .
 You must be kidding to charge 16.56 for 10 packs of gum ? This costs like 3.00 total in the store . Unreal . Not worth it .
 This is a disappointing sugar free lemonade as bitter as yellow grapefruit juice even when diluted to one powder cup per gallon . I drink a Gallon of water with sugar free drink mix per day . Crystal Light loses 1 star for using a cheap old sweetener , loses another star for being expensive , and loses a third star for tasting bitter instead of being closer to a Pink grapefruit flavor .
 i recieved it on time but the plant was about a cm big and shrivelled up . i tried to bring it back but no luck , i dont know if it was the shipping but i paid for a plant that i thought that it was gon na be bigger than a cm , dont think i will purchased from this company again .
 After trying some of the bumblebee flavored tunas and a few of the starkist ones I really hoped that this would be as good . I was wrong . To start out with the tuna in the can is not even close to the others quality . The other brands are more of a fillet stamped out and canned . This is tiny chuncks crammed into a can with a sickly sweey sauce . I would guess it is about 60 % tuna 40 % sauce . I like sweet chili sauce ... . I like tuna ... . I dont like this though.UPDATE
 I had high hopes for this product , especially since the calorie count and fat content are very good . However , I ended up being disappointed . The tuna is not as dense and packed much wetter than other brands . I also did not like the favor , which I found more sweet rather than chili sauce . The sweet chili flavor was not for my taste . I donated the remainder of the case to the local food bank .
 I love these noodles when bought in your local market but I bought 3 cases on my first order and all 3 were stail ... They resent me 3 more cases and very lil differece in freshness . Id advise not to buy thes on line they are a rotated stock that has not been rotated .
 I was anxiously awaiting the arrival of these , the wide noodles are hard to find . Apparently they 're hard to find for Amazon , too , because these are not the noodles I got . Got the plain old skinny ones . And they ca n't claim they were packaged wrong , package does n't claim to be wide style . I 'm going to try elsewhere to find what I wasted my money on this time .
 this is a pretty bland product . they taste like cardboard ... any resemblance to the real thing is purely coincidental!the manufacturer should go back to the drawing board on this one !
 I bought this and was very disappointed -- I have been baking for years -- something has changed in Hershey 's cocoa -- It has a very very bland taste to it -- I use to make brownies homemade chocolate cocoa homemade cakes -- chocolate syrup -- I bought it last time and I thought it was bad batch and I got this one again It is very bland -- not that richness it used to have I am very upset this was my go baking powder -- I am switching to Ghiradelli - they make some awesome deep chocolate -- even hershey 's candy has changed too -- it tastes mass produced -- I wish you would go back to old formula -- it does n't have the richness depth
 I have been buying and using Hershey unsweetened powdered cocoa for over 30 years now . It was pretty good stuff for the price , and always reliable . Alas , imagine my dismay to bite into a chocolaty-looking brownie made with the same recipe I 've used for years , and taste -- blah . Blah ? From a BROWNIE ? Gasp ! What was this ? No rich , dark , pungent , distinctly chocolate flavor ? Brown , yes . Chocolate , barely . If you 'd put a blindfold on me , I 'd have been hard put to figure out what I was eating.You know the difference between REAL chocolate and those cheap , waxy brown little fake foil-wrapped abominations you can buy at the discount store to placate the neighborhood trolls every October ? Well , that 's the difference between good old reliable Hershey cocoa of yore , and the stuff they 're trying to pass off as cocoa now.I was aware that Hershey had removed cocoa butter and other quality ingredients from all their ready-to-eat chocolate products a couple of years ago and replaced them with vegetable shortenings , soy , emulsifiers , and God-knows-what-else . But I naively thought Hershey cocoa powder had escaped a similar flavor hijacking , chemically-enhanced adulteration . I was so , so wrong . The ingredient list says , `` COCOA . '' Trust me , this is NOT the same cocoa it used to be . And it 's so , so wrong what Hershey has done to it.It 's sad when an American tradition falls to the greed of a big corporation cutting corners .
 This product came . Not packaged well at all.The top was off . All the cocoa was in the box all over the place . Hardly had any left . It was not cheap . With the shipping and handling . It should have been taped across the top , also placed in a zip lock bag.just in case it did break open You would lose nothing . It would be in the zip lock.Hope to be reinbursed for this product that I purchased . And could not use . Better packaging needed.Thank you .
 I purchased a new popper and at the same time purchased three bags of this popcorn . I am on the second bag now . I do n't know why but this popcorn does n't pop fully and I do n't think it is the popper or me . I have varied the heat and oil levels so I think the popcorn may have a moisture or freshness issue or just something else . I store it after opening in a jar in a cool dark cabinet.I wo n't purchase this again even though it claims to be organic .
 I ordered this to use in a new hot air popper mostly because of the price . I 've used it in the hot air popper plus used it to make caramel corn . The popcorn pops almost to the last kernel . The texture is quite nice and hulls are quite thin . However , the bag I received , even though the best by date is almost two years away , tastes stale .
 I bought this Kona brand of beans based on reviews and think the responses are somewhat exaggerated . I would imagine that some of these reviews are employees or friends of Aloha Island Coffee ? After shipping I paid $ 27.45 for a bag of beans that are okay , but nowhere near phenomenal as the review rave . Milestone brand found in most supermarkets retails $ 10 a pound and easily rivals the flavor of this brand . I will accept the fact that my disapproval may be due to my specific low acidic taste requirements . I do not like strong coffee with a bitter overtone , albeit this medium roast is on the strong side.In favor of Aloha Island Coffee , they did not hesitate to refund my money , keeping true to their claim of 100 % satisfaction guaranteed .
 My wife and I like strong coffee . Even brewing this at twice the recommended amount it tasted weak . There may be subtle tastes and flavors involved but there just was not much coffee taste . The experience is more like drinking tea.The only plus is that there is not any bitterness .
 Low quality item . I was gravely disappointed . The candies had leaked and turned to a thick goo . Pay a little more and go with a recognizable name . You will not be happy with this candy .
 THESE ARE REALLY BAD . I THOUGHT THEY WERE SUPPOSED TO HAVE LIQUOR INSIDE , BUT I DID N'T TAST ANY . AND THE CHOCOLATE WAS N'T VERY GOOD .
 Product was supposed to show up before a family went on a trip , paid and extra $ 3.99 for one day . . Showed up late and melted , with no apology !
 I was hoping for actual liquor filled chocolates , but instead ended up with these , which are the most atrocious , jelly filled , sticky , and simply impossible to open without creating a mess chocolates I have ever tasted . Altogether , in the whole box , the total amount of alcohol may be as high as 10 drops .
 First time I have tried ... bad s hipping which amazon corrected but the product was poor . . the chocolate not as good as Anthony Berg and surely NO alcohol ... there was hardly any flavor . . will never buy again and do NOT recommend .
 THESE CHOCOLATES HAD FILLING THAT WAS LEAKING ON EVERY SINGLE PIECE OF CANDY MAKING THEM A STICKY MESS . NO WAY COULD I SERVE THAT IN A CANDY DISH . THE LIQUID CENTER WAS MORE LIKE A JELLY THAN A LIQUID . I BOUGHT A MORE EXPENSIVE BRAND FOR CHRISTMAS , AND EVERYONE LOVED THEM . THE QUALITY OF CHOCOLATE , AND THE FILLING WAS LIKE NIGHT AND DAY WITH THIS PRODUCT . MOSTLY , HOWEVER IT WAS THE STICKY , GOOEY MESS ALL OVER THE FOIL ON THE CANDY . THE SELLER DID NOT RESPOND AT ALL WHEN I TOLD THEM OF THE PROBLEM . YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR AND THE MORE EXPENSIVE VERSION WAS WORTH THE EXTRA MONEY . I THREW THE REST OF THEM OUT !
 The chocolates were leaking and some were broken . The foil rappers were hard to remove due to the leaking of the liquid center . Would not buy this product again .
 candy was old and the liquor had no taste if this was christmas candy it shouldnot have been sold after christmas
 I was very disappointed with the quality of the chocolate.If you want the BEST , I 've found that Ethel M. 's chocolate liquor barrels are incredibly good - but you WILL pay the price !
 I love liquor-filled chocolates . I received these as a gift and found the gel-like liquor not to be very strong . It was almost as if the liquor had been cut with sweet syrup and all the alcohol cooked out . A young child would n't even get a buzz from these . The chocolate itself was OK -- better than Hershey 's and Nestle but not as good as Godiva or Lindt .
 Now normally I would like to see the bright side to anything that does n't meet my expectations , but this really lowered the bar.Before this purchased , I had looked at the reviews thinking that it could n't be as bad as many were saying . In fact it was highly rated for many of the reviews it was given . Looking back at those reviews , I really ca n't see what people liked about these &#34; liquor filled &#34; chocolates.First thing I noticed about these chocolates is that they are noticeably smaller than other filled chocolates I have purchased in the past . Small enough that I wondered immediately if they could even have a liquor filling in them.I immediately opened up the box , which probably was the best part of this product . If you want a neat window piece , this is great . 1 star for the neat packaging.After going for my first chocolate , I noticed the chocolate was stuck to the plastic bottom.Okay , I can understand that some of the product may have melted and fused with the packaging , but then every other chocolate was like this . The foil covering covers most of each chocolate , but many have the bottoms exposed allowing the chocolate or &#34; filling &#34; to leak out easily.Lastly , the taste test is was really rang the death knell for this product . When I read &#34; Liquor filled chocolates &#34; I think of taking a bite and tasting the liquid alcohol.This was no where even close . One bite and it just tasted a sugary , oozing gel that tasted nothing close to alcohol , something more like the gel filling in those eggs you get for Easter.I had previously purchased some Anthon Berg liquor filled chocolates and when I bite into one of those , I could instantly taste the alcohol and flavor of the unique brand that filled it . It was not a gel , but a real alcoholic liquid.In short , if you want a real liquor-filled chocolate , skip these and go for another brand -LRB- like Anthon Berg -RRB- . You 'll be glad you did n't waste your time with these .
 You know how the chocolate turns light brown when it gets old ? That 's how these were at the top . They were that lighter shade of brown as if they were old . That part just did n't taste right , but the liquor inside was good . These candies were n't fresh .
 I meant to order Anthony Berg 's chocolates and got this one by mistake ... yikes , not a good outcome . The chocolate is poor and the gel-like liquor is worse ... do n't make the mistake that i made ...
 For quite some time , I have been using different types of hot sauce on different types of food . Before I started doing this , I only ever remember using hot sauce on barbeque sandwiches . Even though I have tried numerous types of hot sauce during this period , El Yucateco has set itself apart from the others as being one that I do not care for . It is overpoweringly hot -- with a searing heat -- and has an odd , unenjoyable flavor . Although not a terrible hot sauce -- I consumed the entire bottle -- El Yucateco is a hot sauce that I am glad that I tried , but it just is not my thing .
 The Habanero chile is one of the hottest chilies known to man . So it comes as no surprise that this sauce is very hot on a drop by drop basis . There is nothing wrong with that ! In fact , I prefer a very potent hot sauce . However there is a nasty and bitter aftertaste to this sauce which I do n't think anyone would like.Note
 These are gross , plain and simple . The banana overpowers everything while tasting completely fake and preserved and just plain nasty . The coconut variety is much better .
 I ca n't see any difference in me taking tea versus not taking . Maybe dosage needs to be specified to see effects
 The taste of this tea is 5 star however I 'm giving two stars because I did not appreciate breaking out . If it was n't for that I would have continued taking this tea .
 I have ordered from Hope 's before with no problem . But when my web order dissapeared from their system , I received terrible customer service trying to figure out what happened . After a frustrating phone call to their 1800 number , I then emailed them my problem , a missing order . Instead of wanting to fix the problem , they blamed me for not giving them enough information , and then yelled at me in all caps , saying that my problem was an isolated incident , the whole time doing nothing to solve the issue . I have never been treated so poorly by a company before .
 I have ordered from Hope 's before with no problem . But when my web order dissapeared from their system , I received terrible customer service trying to figure out what happened . After a frustrating phone call to their 1800 number , I then emailed them my problem , a missing order . Instead of wanting to fix the problem , they blamed me for not giving them enough information , and then yelled at me in all caps , saying that my problem was an isolated incident , the whole time doing nothing to solve the issue . I have never been treated so poorly by a company before .
 790 mg of sodium per serving . What looks like a vegetarian product contains fish . MSG gives me and a lot of people a nasty reaction . I left feedback about including this info but Amazon has n't responded or taken any action .
 I felt like I had been had . This was for my daughter and she gets the same soup mix at the grocery store for much less . This is a time when I should have checked the grocery store before buying on-line .
 I agree with the last reviewer , the ingredients list on amazon should be more clear . I thought this was a vegetarian soup when I ordered it , now after receiving the package I am disappointed to discover that `` powdered bonito '' is powdered fish . It clearly states that Bonito is fish on the package , but on amazon it does n't specify this . So this purchase ended up being nothing more than 10 bucks down the drain for me . -LRB- I have a shellfish allergy that developed a few years ago . I have had to be very careful about all seafood as I have had reactions to some fish paste and soups made with fish sauce at restaurants . Fish & shellfish are not the same as far as allergies , so I do not know why this sometimes happens . It could have been cross-contamination or maybe I am allergic to certain fish as well ... In any case , I make it a point to avoid things like `` powdered fish '' in my food . -RRB-
 This soup would be more rightly called FISH SOUP , rather than miso soup . It has miso listed as one of the ingredients , but the BONITO fish overpowers everything else . Although I like fish , I really hate this soup and I feel cheated by the money I spent on it .
 The soup tasted stale so I contacted the manufacturer with the code on the package . It turns out it expired in 2011 . Yuck ! no wonder it tasted bad . DO N'T buy this !
 This soup sounded delicious and nutritious until I read that it contained so much monosodium glutamate . Why would manufacturers deliberately try to poison their customers ! Monosodium glutamate is a well known and studied NEUROTOXIN ! Ca n't they just use REAL FOOD flavorings to keep the product tasty and well received by all consumers ? I really wanted to try this soup since it looked terrific and most ingredients were excellent but I wo n't buy it until they stop using MSG like it 's salt and pepper .
 This is not a product I would ever order again . Extremely expensive and for the cost , crackers are not what I was hoping for , they are very very solid and hard to eat . Would have liked to have known that these are more than crisp , they are brick hard . Anyone with dentures should not order these ...
 This Korean Drama started with so much promise and then ended with a fizzle that was so bad , I did n't even like the lead man anymore ... he was just too indecisive and pathetic . I ca n't recommend this drama . No matter how good the first 13 hours were , they were n't worth sitting through for the final , long , drawn out ending .
 I 'm really hoping I just got a bad sample , because this thing tasted like jalape & ntilde ; o flavored vacuum dust . The color looks so unnatural when you pour it out that you wonder if it glows in the dark.I love jalape & ntilde ; os and I will give this another try , just to see if it is really that bad . For now , though , one star is more than enough .
 Traditional Medicinals Organic Spearmint , 16-Count Boxes -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- Above is how the item was described . I expected a pack of 6 boxes , instead I received 1 box with 16 teabags . I believe this was misleading and I would never have paid that much for one box of 16 teabags . I will not be buying from Traditional Medicinals again .
 I have ordered from Hope 's before with no problem . But when my web order dissapeared from their system , I received terrible customer service trying to figure out what happened . After a frustrating phone call to their 1800 number , I then emailed them my problem , a missing order . Instead of wanting to fix the problem , they blamed me for not giving them enough information , and then yelled at me in all caps , saying that my problem was an isolated incident , the whole time doing nothing to solve the issue . I have never been treated so poorly by a company before .
 If they 're 64 years old , no wonder they taste horrible . The gold one ruined the whole expereince . : -LRB-
 These used to come in red cans and were very good . Now they have changed the formula of the drink and market it in brown cans as an `` energy blend '' . Bad mistake . The new version is a downgrade . Very disappointing .
 Serv . Size
 I ordered a case of this triple mocha expresso.Wow , What a disappointment . As a person who consumes each am two cans of Starbucks DoubleShots , I was hopeful that finally i could buy something similar via Amazon and home delivery ... This stuff did not compare to SB DS 's . On a scale of 1 - 10 this triple whatever drink as an espresso it is maybe a 2 . Save your money.As I had to stop and get my usual supply of DBshots at the local grocery as I had a `` splitting coffee - withdrawal headache '' trying to switch to this junk.I do n't share my double shots with anyone - esp . the kids ... . but this awful stuff I ca n't get rid of quick enough.Mikey does not even like it ...
 Serv . Size
 I never used dextrose before so I bought this . Little did I know that this is about 3 times the normal price , see if you have a place near you for people who home brew their own beer , they sell dextrose . I actually found this brand for 1/3 of the price there .
 It was my own fault I suppose that I did n't check out the website that was selling this dextrose powder . It is made with GENETICALLY MODIFIED CORN . Now I have 10 pounds of dextrose powder that I would n't feed my worst enemy . I will trash this product but if non GMO products are important to you , be sure that you DIG before you purchase .
 I waited a month ... They never responded to calls or emails and when i finally got them on the phone after holding for an hour they told me one of the products i bought is n't even in stock and the other did n't ship yet -LRB- after a month !! -RRB- Now Foods is the worst company I 've ever dealt with .
 This syrup is OK , but it tastes less realistic than I expected . It has sort of a overly sweet , artificial flavor . I prefer the Cinnamon and Vanilla syrups .
 I 've been ordering these Torani -LRB- American -RRB- syrups for about 6 months , sampling various sugar-free -LRB- Splenda -RRB- flavors and enjoying the additional flavors with my fresh brewed , fresh ground Bialetti ` mocca ' coffee . So , imagine my surprise when I opened the Amazon box today and found a SINGLE bottle -LRB- at $ 17 + ! which is the usual price for THREE at 750mL -RRB- . To add further grief , when I called in to get the return label and voice my dismay that the difference between the usual THREE and this SINGLE was not obvious , I got a non-USA Customer Service Rep who literally took 6 minutes to initiate the email with the necessary return label AFTER my account and the order had been established ! THIS IS *** not *** THE SERVICE LEVEL I HAVE COME TO EXPECT FROM AMAZON .
 I like a lot of the other sugar free flavored but this one has a strange after taste that I really did n't care for very much . Also , it did n't mention it but this is a glass bottle and I really was n't a fan of that . A big heavy glass bottle in my house can get broken pretty easily , I had assume it would be plastic because every one I ordered always has been .
 The pump does not fit the 64 oz Torani pumpkin spice sauce container . The diameter of the lid is too small . I just threw it away .
 This pump did not work well . Plus it made the bottle with the pump too tall to fit in either of my two fridges . I gave up and ended up just throwing it away .
 I mistakenly bought 3 bottles of the stuff without tasting it first . This syrup taste like a bad diet drink from the 70 's . I guess they just have not been able to duplicate the genuine flavor of sugar . I ended up trying it in coffee as a flavor and it still came up short . Three bottles down the drain .
 I love Torani Syrup . The flavor is rich and comes thru with every , in my case , cup of coffee . Coffee just is the great without Torani .
 Very tasty , but these tomatoes sent everyone in my household to the Imodium bottle . They are n't fully dried , and that warm moist environment inside the plastic bag appears to be a potential breeding ground for bacteria . At least it was in our case . I hated to discard them because they tasted so good , and maybe ours was just an anomalous situation , but my advice is to proceed with caution and do n't eat them raw .
 Tasted terrible and I do not know if I would ever get this type of jerky again . Meat tasted as though it was bad and the flavoring tasted like chemicals .
 Did not order diet but that is what was sent . Buyer beware I guess with this company . Do n't see anything on the desciption that says diet .
 I love this salt but throw most of it away.How on earth do you keep it from caking ? I have teied rice nothing seams to work.Thank youJohn in Vt
 Unfortunately I ca n't say how this salt tasted or what the quality of it is because it arrived opened and spilled all over the inside of the box .
 This bag of salt came in a box from amazon . When it arrived I opened the box and it was full of salt . The bag had a slit in the side . I will never use a product like that . I contacted the company and they were no help . They told me to contact amazon . I had been on vacation and it was passed the time limit to return the product to amazon . I think it was very poor customer service from the company not to replace the bag for me . I am a brand new customer with this product and was excited to find celtic sea salt because i had read it was good for your health . I am a business owner and i know to keep a new customer I would have gone out of my way to make them happy so they would remain a customer . I will not order from this company again . Customer Service is very important to me and this company dropped the ball .
 I very much like Celtic salt , but I did not want the coarse grained . I ordered the fine grained salt and received coarse grained salt . I contacted the seller to no avail . I gave it a 2 star , because celtic salt is great , but I would n't buy from this seller again .
 Great product . But was disappointed in the delivery . Was supposed to arrive on 11th did n't get until 14th . Everything else I order is here by the day they say if not earlier . It arrived at slc 80 miles from my home on the 10th . Yet it took 4 days to go 80 miles . Go figure snail mail ups and usps .
 well , im sure the product amazing in itself but when i received it it was opened ... the seal was broken but the top was secure ... kind of a disappointment .
 My rating has nothing to do with the actual product but the purchase price.This particular salt can be purchased on the celticseasalt website from 2 to 5 dollars per bag depending on the size bag . Do not purchase this anywhere else you are wasting your money .
 Has a nice mellower taste than store bought heat-processed table salt.No Iodine , so I supplement with 4 drops of good tasting Liquid DulseBernard Jensen Products - Liquid Dulse , 4 oz liquid -LRB- also Very good to FILL thyroid with GOOD iodine ! - Keeps from taking in any Radioactive iodine from Japan reactor spill ! - Radioactive iodine does Permanent damage to thyroid , and ca n't be reversed ! Radioactivity is sure to work into our food supply ... ! -RRB- Per my dentist -LRB- for everyone -RRB- - I started gargling with 1/4tsp salt in 8oz of water after brushing.It is VERY unnerving to see the undissolved black/brown specs floating around!The other unprocessed sea salt brands come from `` Less '' pristine waters , but I 'll give them a try next time .
 Started using this salt . After 2 days I got this terrible headache . Check my blood pressure and HOLY COW !!! It 's was the highest it had ever been.The only thing I changed in my eating habits was this salt.A word to those who may buy this Celtic Sea Salt , I 'm not saying that it definitely will , but it MAY increase your blood pressure . So be advised .
 I could not believe my eyes when I received this package , what I got ! There was just one lobster tail and it was one of the smallest lobster tails I have ever seen ! I could not believe that I just spent 12.99 for a baby lobster tail plus an incredible 20.00 for shipping that they charge you . I tried to contact costumer service through phone but all I ever got was an answering machine . I tried to contact them through emailing customer service , but no one ever responded back ! So I was gypped out of over 30 bucks and I 'm mad .
 I ordered a large intial order from `` The Crab Place '' , who by the way go under various other names including '' -LCB- The Lobster Store '' which should be an early warning of something ugly pending in the wind . -RSB- Their `` Big Mama Shrimp '' was the toughest , blandest shell fish I have ever eaten ... and their Lobster tails were tasteless and mushy.The WORST thing that arrived on my order was the jar of `` Crab Place '' tarter sauce . THERE SHOULD BE A CRIME against companys that make this poor of a product . It was separated , like a clear slimey yellowish fluid with what looked like crab entrails floating around in the bottle.It literally made me nautious and we threw it into our kitchen trash can straight from `` The Crab Place 's '' shipping container.When I wrote to complain about these problems , MATT from the Crab Place basically said `` Sorry to hear you were disappointed ... let me know how the Crab Cakes you also ordered turn out `` Matt ... if this is your idea of Customer Service , then that explains the lack of quality , the inexcusable poor integrity of your company , and your williness to put `` On Sale '' so many of `` The Crab Place 's '' products on the internet.I truly believe this company is selling online , ONLY because they have been shut down by the local health department and have no other way to make a buck !
 These looked wonderful and were a birthday present for a close friend . When they came the foil was all stuck to the candy . We tried to unwrap a couple and it made a bigger mess with the paper sticking terribly to the candy . In the end we were able to taste the tiniest piece which just made us more disappointed and angry since it was delicious . We would never order these again or do business with this company . And living in Florida was not the problem since we paid BIG prices for the candy and shipping , it was not hot and the package was literally put in our hands from the truck , so it did n't sit outside . Big Big disappointment .
 I ordered this to try all the different types of drink and I was sent a lot of watermelon and strawberry and 1 hibiscus . The drinks also do not mix well and are clumpy .
 First of all , the Tea Chest is disappointing to say the least . The chest is made of cheep compressed sawdust and then coated with a plastic like ` finish ' which makes the box look like it was constructed from cardboard and plastic.The tea its self is alright , sadly nothing special.This item arrived a good 6 weeks after it was ordered , all of the tea packets were wrinkled and crushed and the box broke after I opened it a few dozen times . Needles to say , this product way disappointing all around .
 They sent me this package on 10/24/12 which has an expiry date of 11/2012 . I would not have bought if it was from a store .
 This marzipan was harder than I expected . It seem as if it was old-sitting around for a long time before it was shipped to me
 I recived my shipment of Marzipan yesterday 9/13/07 and I opened the package to find that the Marzipan had pieces or what looks like food or dirt . I have been picking these pieces out of the Marzipan . I do not have time to reorder from another company so I am stuck using this MarzipanBiermann Marzipan 5 LB . Block . I am unhappy with the Quality and I would not recommend buying Marzipan form this company . I also feel the shipping is very pricey .
 While I do n't often post reviews , I feel compelled to for this product as it was such an incredible disappointment . I was a food writer and food editor for a number of publications for many years and am happy to invest research time into selecting the right products , especially when you are buying multiples of a single item . This broth had some excellent reviews , and I find it hard to believe that the reviewers had tasted/evaluated the same product that I purchased as the broth tasted watery with little real chicken flavor and had almost an artificial flavor to it . While it may be organic , there is none of the savory warmth most of us would associated with even a somewhat watered-down version of homemade broth . I actually found that to use it , I had to prepare a `` side order '' of Better Than Bouillon chicken flavor to kick in some semblance of real , hearty chicken flavor . What 's interesting is that perhaps this experience comports with a number of blind tastings of organic and free-range poultry wherein the organic and free-range birds often came up quite short on flavor as much as we all would like to think the flavor would be better from a purely philosophical perspective . When you also add in the price premium , I would say this is not a product that I would recommend at all .
 I ordered the lemons for my Father in LA. . We were so pleased that someone called him to ask which kind of lemons he preferred . He told them , the fat , juicy ones like I used to grow in AZ. . He received a box of small hard lemons . Oops ! Wo n't do that again ! They were sent by Roberts Hickory Farm , Somis , CA
 Got a bag of dried leaves instead of the black box with teabags shown on the picture.I do n't know what it is . Smells strange.The bag is tagged `` Novoandina Caranavi Private Reserve ''
 Tasteless , bland , insipid - how many synonyms do we need to describe this product ? No wonder this stuff is rarely seen on store shelves . Stay away , stay very far away ...
 I just ordered this fudge . It looked so good and seemed to be priced well I thought I would give it a try . I have looked at just about every store where we live and can not find any maple fudge . I am hoping this will taste as good as it looks . I will send another feedback after I have had my first bite . Ca n't wait .
 all the chocolate and everything was expired !! this was a gift for my brother , and he did not eat any of it !
 it does n't state artificial flavorings in the ingredients list on Amazon ... but they are listed on the box . Not for me because of the artificial ingredients , but my husband likes the taste .
 I found this tea undrinkable -- the spice flavor is way too strong for me . `` Hot '' means `` completely numbs your taste buds '' here , not hot temperature-wise !
 while Numi tea is my favorite brand , for years , even when my budget is tight , this product is mostly a bag of dried fruit roadkill filler with a slim tease of black tea . holding 1 pound bag in my hand , its a real disappointment . dont you love misleading labels ?
 I will never try Numi loose leaves again . I bought two kinds of loose leaf from Numi . The quality of Numi loose leaf is the same as leaves from tea bags or even worse . If I want this kind of quality , why would I bother to buy loose leaves .
 I am very disappointed with this tea . In essence , I have thrown away $ 30.00 , since one can not return tea . I 've learned a good lesson - DO NOT BUY ANYTHING YOU 'RE NOT FAMILIAR WITH IN A LARGE QUANTITY ! Next time I will make it my business to sample the tea somehow before buying . If a smaller amount is unavailable , I 'll simply pass it by .
 I 've had this variety of tea from other sources , so I have an idea what it should taste like . When I opened the bag , my nose was assaulted by a strong smell of turpentine - I thought it was the packaging , so I moved it into a plastic storage tub . The brewed tea tasted equally of turpentine . I did find that if you leave the tea out in the air , the taste and smell dissipates , but keeping it for any length of time in a closed container causes the turpentine taste/smell to return . Even aerated , the tea has a very grassy taste to it.Maybe I got a bad batch , but I will not buy a Numi tea again after this bad experience .
 I was looking into starting drinking loose tea and decided to go with Numi Tea Iron Goddess of Mercy.For the first few times I made tea - I enjoyed it - good taste , no bitterness and big whole leafs.The problem is that every few spoons I found a hair attached to one of the leafs . First I thought it might be mine , even though it did n't look like it . The second time I was puzzled . After the 3rd time - I poured a lot of it out on a plate and found LOTS of hairs ! They are simply attached to the dried leaves.I am a clean freak and keep all food in clean cabinets . Tea package was sealed all the time with a clip . This hair made it all the way from the factory - where it somehow got to it during the drying process - where the leaves shrink to little balls.This tea ended up in the garbage and I 'm back to tea bags .
 I love the taste of a good Oolong tea and I began to search for an alternate supply since our local grocery store stopped carrying loose Ti Kuan Yin Oolong tea . I decided to try this and it tasted nothing like the stuff that I was buying at Wegmans . This looks , smells , and tastes like green tea . The leaves used for making this tea are huge . When steeping them you 'll be suprised to see the size . If I wanted a cheep green tea , I would have been happy with this . Needless to say I was not .
 I had high expectations upon purchasing this tea . I am sorely disappointed . The tea is practically raw green and not semi-fermented as oolong should be , tastes like grass -LRB- minus the gr -RRB- , bitter , weak , pale yellow at best and not the promised copper color when prepared as per directions -LRB- or even stronger -RRB- . Simply awful compared to other fine teas I have tried . Even Red Rose Decaf teabags taste spectacular compared to this stuff which tastes like straw at best.Total waste of money .
 If I had known that this product contained soy lectin as an ingredient , I would not have purchaed it . If you 're trying to avoid soy in your diet , then do n't buy this product .
 I am looking at a can of NIDO -LRB- 12.6 ounces ; 360 grams -RRB- for which I paid $ 3.54 plus sales tax yesterday at WalMart.The one-star rating is for your creative pricing ; not the product . I 'd give the product 5 stars .
 What is shown in the picture is a 900g can of Nido . What you actually get is a 360g can . Deceptive.Note that this is a review of the product as depicted . Nido as a dried milk is quite good .
 Been trying out different brands of powdered , canned , uht milk lately . I gave this one a try and it is my least favorite . I can taste what seems to me like a Soy milk -LRB- which I could n't stomach -RRB- . ALSO the prices I 've seen online are total ripoffs , $ 3.50 or so at walmart in Mexican isle .
 the photo looks great . Too bad what i got had slivered almonds - not a single whole almond in the box!don ' t waste your money . the picture looks NOTHING like what they send . They should have to put up a photo of what it really looks like . they would n't sell any !!!!! VERY DISAPPOINTED and feel cheated
 Remember when Vinny had the witness on the stand , he asked if he used instant grits ? `` No self respecting Southerner eats those '' was the reply . Its true . These taste OK , but just go for the Old Fashioned Grits , they only take 20 minutes or so to make , and are way better . Its tradition .
 I 've been in search for healthy , good tasting bars so when these were on sale , I went ahead and ordered a box -LRB- especially with the few positive reviews here -RRB- . Based on the ingredients and nutritional value , I think it 's a pretty healthy choice . Unfortunately , it tastes awful . The bar itself is very dry and dense -LRB- like dry fruitcake -RRB- and with all the `` greens '' they 've packed into this bar , it literally tastes like grass . Also , the main ingredient is dates so that 's another predominant flavor - I did n't taste much blueberry . So I guess if you 're someone who does n't mind the taste of dates and grass ... then this bar is for you .
 This product was REALLY BAD.When it arrived , after opening one of the energy bars , it looked like it had melted and also had some white fuzzy stuff all over it.YUCK!Because this was so bad , I hesitate to buy more food products from Amazon grocery . I 've asked Amazon to resolve this .
 I am very , very disappointed . I bought myself the white chocolate almond bark as a present to myself for giving birth to my 42 year old son . The advertising photo showed whole almonds . The candy I received had not one , NOT ONE , whole almond . There was just crushed nut slivers . Absolutely not what I was expecting for the price I paid . Chocolate was of good quality but do n't expect it to look like the photo .
 I like sardines , really I do , just havent tried this brand before , thought I 'd give it a try . wo n't be making that mistake ever again . The sardines were VERY small , lots of bones within them too , I guess some people would rather just eat the bones along with these fishies , but I do n't like that . And the supposed `` smokey '' flavoring was very overwhelming , and I do n't care for that much either . I just canceled my subcribtion to these nasty little things . In one word , `` ew '' . I wouldnt serve them to my kitty if he were still with me . Better yet , I think I 'll just dump the ones that 're left , heck , if I were to package them and add them to a basket of food for the needy , I 'd probably get it returned , these are just that nasty . DO N'T BUY , looks little discolored goldfish in these tin cans . again , EWWW ! -LRB- oh and VERY stinky ... -RRB-
 This reminded me of Toffee Crisp -- but gone wrong . This is a very weird chocolate bar that I did not enjoy . None of the flavors are wrong . It 's just that I did not enjoy how it felt in my mouth . Inside of the Decker 's chocolate sheath is a layer of a chocolate marshmallow-like fluff , and some hard cereal mixed with chocolate creme . I found that these do not match . It 's an odd mix . I feel like I 'm eating somewhat tasty poo .
 Long story short , my stomach is kind of sensitive to those chemicals like antiseptics , every time I eat something contains too much wrong chemicals , I need to spend about an hour sitting on a toilet the day after that . And yes , after a few time consuming this `` boiled oysters '' , those hours of bathroom play convinced me this is the wrong product for health . For the tasty , really not much to say , just like normal canned food.Should I also mention that a few of the metal cans have some oxides outside , look like they are very poorly made and stored . The Best Before dates printed on all cans are all 05/2015 -LRB- bought on Feb 17 , 2012 -RRB- ; honestly , I ca n't believe a true boiled product with not too much chemicals can store for that long , even vacuumed products , can you?The ingredients listed is : Whole Oysters , Water , Salt ...
 I CONSUMED TWO CANS OF YOUR BOILED OYSTERS AND BECAME ILL. . I CALLED THE COMPANY AND THEY DID NOT RETURN MY CALL . I WANT THEM TO TAKE BACK THE REMAINING TEN CANS AND REFUND MY MONEY . I HAVE NO INTENTION OF CONSUMING THE REMAINING BOILED OYSTERS .
 The advertised regular price of $ 99.99 is ridiculous . 5 hour energy drinks are widely available for $ 2.00 each . Do n't buy from sellers who inflate prices and charge ridiculous amounts . You can get a case of 12 for $ 20 right here on Amazon .
 I bought this product n hopes of an easy and less expensive way to make crab cakes . It always takes so long to crack the crab open and the cost of fresh crab is also a drawback.When I opned the product is was almost as minched as tuna . no crab chucnks and it had a bad seafood smell . I tried opening another can and the same thing . I was to leary to make the crab cakes out of this product -LRB- we were having company over -RRB- so I had to run to the store and buythe real crab to be safe.I was hoping this would be good , but I am sticking to fresh o crab or refrigerated products like this .
 These clams from China are very sandy and I do n't care for the taste either . Do n't get me wrong -- I like clams and I have had excellent canned smoked clams from another brand in the past . Honestly , I was expecting more flavor and less sand . I could go on but why ?
 The product `` Smoked Baby Clams '' was full of sand and not edible . Obviously I wo n't buy again.Crown Prince Smoked Baby Clams in Oil ; 3.75-Ounce Cans -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB-
 Linguini with clams is a staple in our home . These clams appeared to be a great deal ... they indeed are cheap , but a significant tradeoff for quality . We 're going back to snows . I purchased this 12 pack case here on Amazon and am donating the remainder to a canned food drive . I give it two stars , which is generous , rather than one because of the price and it resembles clams.Pro 's : CheapCon 's : Texture - there are not really full pieces of clams in here ... it was a mealy mix of `` ground '' clam . It appears to be what 's left after every other processor takes what they want from the clam.Flavor - It faintly resembles clams but I could n't bring myself to finish the dish . We even mixed this can with a can of Snows but that was still not very good . There is a very `` processed '' flavor to these clams.Net net ... you get what you pay for .
 I purchased the Crown Prince brand to save on my grocery bill . I thought they were terrible . To me , neither the clams or the juice was pleasant tasting . They were very finely chopped , as if they had been pulsed in a food processor . I 've gone back to Snow 's .
 The liquid smells of chemicals and the clams taste the same . I doubt these are safe to eat . Either the clams themselves , or the waters they are packed in , are coming from some polluted source . Since Amazon wo n't take responsibility to refund on these , I am throwing them into the municipal waste .
 I should have believed an earlier review about these being advertised as chopped , they are more like minced , very disappointing , returning to chicken of the sea chopped
 I was not highly impressed with these sardines . Not a great taste , higher in fat and lower in protein than the ones packed in olive oil , BUT they are lower in sodium than most . Amazon is still the best place to buy them , but just make sure what you really want first . The two layer in olive oil have a much better flavor and texture and they are not that much more in price .
 Iam glad I reviewed the Nutritional Label ; 710mg/SALT/SODIUM = YOU GOT TO BE KIDDING ; ITS LIKE HYPERTENSION/HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE & UNTOLD ADDITIONAL PHYSICAL AILMENTS IN A `` TIN/CAN '' this is OUTRAGOUS , WHY ???? RUIN a PERFECT FOOD WITH `` POISON '' -LRB- EXCESSIVE SALT/SODIUM -RRB- ; I CAN NOT & WILLNOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ; `` EVER '' .
 I searched extensively online to find good sources of dragon well -LRB- longjing -RRB- green tea , and bought this Numi bag as well as more expensive tea from Sevencups , Teaspring , and Amazing Green Tea . This Numi tea was the least expensive of everything I bought . You get 16 OUNCES of this for the same price as 30 GRAMS -LRB- ! -RRB- of Jipin grade from Amazing green tea . That 's 15 times as much tea for the same price . I only wish it were as good , but the quality is far inferior . The Jipin from Amazing green tea has far more flavor , sweetness , nuttiness , and complexity . It really is amazing . I do n't have a horse in this race -LRB- I 'm just a green tea lover -RRB- , but wanted to post my review here in case it saved someone else from buying this when it was n't what they wanted . If you 're looking for value and do n't care much about flavor , this is fine . A little burnt and bitter , but drinkable . But those seeking a peak experience of what properly picked and pan-roasted green tea can be should search elsewhere .
 used to be excellent tea , but last shipment arrived kind-of crude , the tea is weak . i hope they will restore the quality
 I have many problems with this product . First , the packaging was not airtight . Who knows how long it has been sitting in the warehouse for ? Second , the label said nothing about being organic , so how do I know that the description on Amazon is accurate ? Third , the tea does not even taste like Longjing Tea . This leads me to believe that this is an imitation and not true Longjing . It does n't even taste good at all . Do not buy this product !
 This candy comes with a warning on it that it will cause stomach discomfort and has laxative effects and suggests to have only 8 beans at one time , but on the back the suggested serving size is half of the bag ... After consuming half of the small bag , like the suggested serving size index I was bloated and in pain for hours . This was the worse candy I have ever tried and I am amazed the FDA has not pulled it off the market yet ... Do not buy
 I ate this small bag of candies one hour before getting on a plane , and was terribly sick , with such violent stomach pain , that I had to get out of in a wheeling chair during boarding , and spent the night at hospital ... I used to trust your FDA , but now i have severe doubts .
 I recently tried the Sugar-free Jelly Belly product , and I sure wish I had never bought it . Whatever chemical is in these jelly beans made me violently ill - twice . So it is confirmed , believe me . The first time I thought I had a stomach bug . A few days later , I ate some more of the Jelly Bellys and got very sick again . It was horrible . Take my word for it , you do n't want to eat this candy !
 I 'm a perfectly healthy individual with no allergies , etc. , but these made me extremely sick . Unfortunately I was on an airplane -LRB- they sell these at airport kiosks -RRB- and had the worst flight of my life -- extreme cramping , bloating , and vomiting -- all on southwest airlines . No warning about this side effect on the bag . Thanks a lot , Jelly Belly .
 Note the warning
 Some friends mailed me a bag of diet jelly beans they had perched on a tour through the Jelly Belly plant in California . It was a marshmallow size bag with a warning label about the size of a small return address sticker with more printing on it . I 'm in good health and thought it was a `` carbohydrate warning '' I did n't have my glasses with me.I ate about 30 beans then my wife and went to a meeting after about an hour in I was sick . My wife also was sick even thou she had eaten less than I.
 I know these are are supposed to be good for you but I ca n't get over how tasteless these are ... even with olive oil . I was expecting the `` pure flavor '' of sardines considering they 're not laden with salt or other additives . But what a dissapointment ... I think regular tuna in water tastes better . I give it 2 stars only because they 're a healthy alternative for those watching their salt-intake . Other than that , these sardines lack flavor and taste and I definitely wo n't be buying them again .
 The sardines are excellent in every way . Delivery is unreliable.Crown Prince Natural Skinless & Boneless Sardines in Pure Olive Oil , 3.75-Ounce Cans -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB- I had signed up for Subscribe & Save for this product - one case -LRB- 12 count -RRB- every 3 months . The initial shipment went without a hitch.When the time came for my second shipment , I was notified by email that `` This item is not currently eligible for Subscribe & Save . '' No other information was offered , and Customer Service was unable to explain the problem or offer any solution.I expect that if Amazon and the manufacturer offer a product , that they would fulfill the agreement , or at the very least offer an alternative .
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : I purchase these probably 1 year ago . I was very disappointed with the quality . I was unable to eat these sardines . They had scales and hard bones along with a tough texture . Sorry product . I 'm giving them to the cats.B000EEWZF0 Crown Prince Natural Skinless & Boneless Sardines in Pure Olive Oil , 3.75-Ounce Cans -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB- -RSB- -RSB-
 The MOST moist , delicious , & sustainably caught sardines are , by and far , the Wild Planet Brand!I tried both the `` Season '' and `` Crown Prince '' brands and the difference in flavor and quality was light years away from the Wild Planet brand.I live in New England and can only find WILD PLANET brand in my local Stop and Shop.It 's amazing that we have 3 `` Whole Foods '' Markets in my state and not one carries the Wild Planet brand ! They are only carry what I believe to be the inferior quality brands that I mentioned.I 'm sure that the Hoffman and Manischewitz families that own Crown Prince and Season brands would n't mind having the Wild Planet brand alongside their own , since they feel theirs are such great quality , right?Who knows , they just might learn something about having high standards from the lovely bunch of people that own Wild Planet in California.To top it off , all Wild Planet products are in BPA free cans ... what more can you ask for ?
 Let me preface this by saying I 've never tried sardines of any kind before . In addition , I 'm not a food snob by no means , and I can enjoy protein shakes and meal replacement bars if they are of high quality . I LOVE Wild Planet canned tuna and after reading reviews on here comparing it to these sardines , I thought to myself , `` maybe I 'll like these after all . '' Just ONE bite is all it took - I almost gagged and QUICKLY spit it out of my mouth . I also hurriedly rinsed out my mouth because the taste was nauseating ! Unless you actually enjoy sardines and regularly consume them , do yourself a favor and PLEASE do n't buy these !
 I 'm not sure why these get such high ratings , except maybe that they 're skinless and boneless . I think they taste pretty strongly of pollutants and thus wonder about the condition of the places in Morocco where they are obtained . Crown Prince Naturals ' kipper snacks also tasted like chemicals to me when I tried them.Wild Planet 's sardines -LRB- from California -RRB- have skin and bones , but they taste much cleaner to me . And Bela sardines -LRB- if you can get them -RRB- are even cleaner . I 've also heard good things about Cole 's and so am hoping to try those .
 For my father 's 85th birthday , I wanted to delight him with his favorite dessert , pineapple upside down cake . He received instead chocolate duos . I will not order from this company again . They are unreliable .
 I 've ordered hundreds -LRB- maybe thousands -RRB- of items from the internet and this is my first review.To put it succinctly , these cakes are bland . We had six different individuals eat these cakes and not one thought they were good . Not much taste and somewhat dry ... huge disappointment !
 Skin , bones and who knows what else . I bought this for my cat that is on a very special needs diet . She did n't like it and I sure would n't eat it either . Looked like something I would wipe off the sink and throw away . Lots of bones , soft , not firm and not at all what I expected . Not even for my cat .
 Low salt was the only benefit this product offered . The salmon itself was the center spine section . Lots of spine , lots of bones , lots of work to eat . Quite a mess and disappointment . Not the typical sections of salmon most of us are used to buying in either canned or smoked salmon .
 Packaging is satisfactory . Taste is bland . Appearance is unpleasant . Numerous spine-like bones . I donated the remaining eleven cans to the Salvation Army . Maybe someone else will like them .
 Do n't like this product . The salmon smells very strong , and I did n't like having to pick out all the bits of salmon skin and bones .
 The salmon itself is n't that bad , but the meat had several questionable `` additions '' , including some bony pieces . I found 6 big round bone fragments , probably from the fish 's spinal cord . That 's not something I want to chewing in my sandwich . Wo n't buy again .
 there is NO pink in this salmon . . it is cooked so much it is white ... think a can of tune ... but at the higher price you pay here for salmon ... very hard to tell just what fish this is ... you have to take it on faith i guess it is what they say it is ... ultra strong fish smell , not like fresh fish smells ... friends across the hall will know you are having some old fish for dinner ... the taste is a gag-fest-palooza ... the amount in the can is TINY , the weight is in the liquidthe salmon is sure not firm , it is mushy ... add the skin and bones for more mush and more gag ... this is a never buy again item ...
 The can is filled with sharp , tiny bones . They can not be removed -LRB- too many -RRB- . I got a small bone stuck in my throat and had to go to the doctor . I am throwing out the rest and strongly advise not to buy .
 Full of crushed up little bones , spinal tissue , and skin . Impossible to consume . I 've purchased canned salmon before that was quite excellent but this stuff is disgusting . I am stunned that anyone would give this anything other than a 1 star review . Do look at other 1 star reviews - especially the person who had to go to the doctor because of bones getting stuck in throat . Not only is this product inedible it is dangerous . That is no exaggeration .
 I placed the order on 12/6/09 and here it is 12/31/09 and I never received it . When I tried to track the order UPS does not have the tracking number in the database cause the number is bogus . for some reason I can not contact the merchant to tell them what 's going on so I have to dispute the charge on my credit card .
 I bought this product and openend it up . To my horror the skin and bone were included . We have designated the whole 30 cans as cat food now . I designated 2 stars for the quality , it smelled good and looked good but I was pretty upset when it was unedible .
 I would n't advise anyone to buy this product . It has a strange color and smell .
 UPDATE
 We sent a case to a couple of young people living on a tight budget -- I thought some canned protein would be a nice addition to thier pantry . I offered to send another case and was told ` no thanks ' . They report that this product filled with small bones and cartiledge meaning there was wasted product and time wasted in cleaning it .
 If you like bones including the spine mixed in with your fish then you will like this product . I sure wish they would show you whats inside the can , because the label sure made it look better than the suprises I found when I opened it . It really looked like they put the whole fish through a grinder straight into the can .
 I am in love with this sugar-free Chai . However I will still trek to Walmart or other large retailer to purchase it for about $ 3/32oz container . This online retailer must be insane if they think people should pay this price . Make the trek folks !
 I googled Sucralose and found plenty of research to indicate toxicity.I wish Oregon Chai would make a chai which has no sweetener ; most people would prefer unsweetened chai these days , would n't they?This company 's chais are too highly sweetened . This is unnecessary . I have tried them and find them undrinkable.NOTE to potential chai product makers . Make a highly spiced liquid chai which is unsweetened in any way , using only organic or at least natural ingredients . You would sell it .
 I bought three cases of these circus peanuts for a carnival-themed fundraiser at my kids ' school . The price was fair , and the company had been somewhat responsive to my earlier questions . The candies were individually wrapped , but , no matter -- when they came , they were all AS HARD AS ROCKS . They look like I remember , but I ca n't imagine actually eating them .
 The circus peanuts were completely stale . Unfortunately I ordered them quickly without checking the other reviews first . Will never buy again . I can not believe they would even charge for these .
 Do n't buy these if you intend to eat them ... as stated here and in another review ... hard as rocks . The company should pull them from sale . I learned one thing . . read and believe people that take the time to review .
 Bought the circus peanuts to put in party gift bags , when I received them they were hard as a rock . Ca n't use them and too much trouble to return . Very disappointed !
 The best description I can give you for the taste ... it has an odd bitter/sharp bite to it as the first taste you sense in the front of your tongue.We ordered both this item AND `` Folgers Cappuccino Coffee House Beverage Mix , English Toffee , 16-Ounce Jars '' at the same time . I figured that we would at least like one of them . While this item was a bust for us - the Cappuccino mix is FABULOUS and we have now orderd the other flavors as well -LRB- french vanilla & mocha -RRB- .
 I love tea . I have a cabinet with over 30 types of tea at any given time and we drink tea nearly every day in my home . This tea , a `` blooming '' white tea with rose petals needs only to be brewed a brief time . All white teas are best brewed briefly to retain their delicate taste . Having said that -LRB- so you know that I know how to properly brew this tea -RRB- , this tea tastes like fermented/rotten roses . It is disgusting . Sweetener helps , but white teas should not require a lot of sweetening to be good . Try Davidson 's rose tea varieties or Zhena 's Gypsy Love rose tea , they are far better than this .
 first time i ordered the item i was pleasantly surprised each chocolate was filled nicely with burbon and had a strong burbon taste . second time i ordered the item there was very little if any burbon in the chocolate . attempted to contact the seller and had no response . do n't waste your money on this expensive item
 If you 're looking to have your appetite cut , this is n't the product . It 's definitely saffron - and I love the smell - but it 's a really expensive experiment !!
 The studies were done with 176.5 mg of extract per day . That 's roughly 12 of these pills per day . `` Satiereal , a Crocus sativus L. extract , reduces snacking and increases satiety in a randomized placebo-controlled study of mildly overweight , healthy women . '' Nutrition Research May 2010
 The product that I received is partly vanillin , an artificial vanilla . I expected to get PURE mexican vanilla . Naturally I was disappointed .
 This is just regular vanilla . It does NOT have the special mexican vanilla flavor I am looking for . It also has a bitter after taste .
 I came to amazon looking for info on whether this product was true vanilla because I put 1/2 teaspoon in 1 cup of coffee and could not taste it at all . I wanted to see if I had a counterfeit product . Closer inspection shows that it is clearly listed as being a blend when you read the ingredients . The flavor is weak and flat . I strongly recommend trying real vanilla extract . Kirkland has a great product .
 As I said above , the `` vanilla '' you 'll get is artificial ; it 's Vanillin , not the way more expensive Vanilla being advertised . Personally , I do n't care for Vanillin , because it tastes harsh and chemical-laden to me . This stuff tastes no different than the fake vanilla at the supermarket , and I did n't have to trouble my poor mailman into delivering it .
 I was VERY disappointed when I received this item . It 's supposed to be Mexican vanilla , but it 's really only partly real vanilla . The rest is chemicals with preservatives in it . Real vanilla does contain artificial ingredients . I would never buy this again . I feel like I wasted the almost $ 13.00 it cost me .
 It says Vanilla all over the bottle , but vanilla is not in the Ingredients . This is purely a mix of artificail ingredients and other `` natural '' -LRB- possibly toxic -RRB- substances that resemble vanilla taste , yet there is no actual vanilla in this.I would definitely spend more money and research time before buying this . Do n't be fooled !
 I buy this very same vanilla blend in the 8.4 oz bottle at Walmart in the Mexican food aisle for about 2 bucks and some change . It 's great for baking because most people will not notice a difference . I make my own vanilla , but always have a bottle or 2 of Molina 's in my cabinet for baking in large quantities . I would n't pay this price for it and if there is a Walmart nearby , nobody should .
 I was disappointed when I received the bottle because it is not real vanilla . I use vanilla in my morning shakes and happened to be out when I received this and went against my instinct to return it . It made the shake unedible . It went down the drain .
 MSG - If you like cooking with MSG this rub is for you . I 'm not an anti-MSG crusader but I was shocked to see it on the ingredient list of a high-end BBQ rub . Because it 's such a small item it was n't worth returning for a refund so I put it in the swap shop at my dump . Took a small taste before I did that - it was a little sweeter than I like a dry rub . I prefer to add sweetness with sauce .
 I ordered these chocolate covered coffee beans for gifts -LRB- I ordered 6 packages -RRB- ... they came completely melted / the box was hot and contained only one cold pack ... it was all ruined . I have contacted the company for a replacement or refund . . total waste
 I recieved these as a brithday gift . I was really excited because I love chocolate covered coffee beans , and I received 6 bags . After eating a few , though , I 'm disappointed . The chocolate is good but it 's a moot point if the beans are too hard . They do n't have a good coffee flavor , because you ca n't chew them up . And your mouth and teeth are left with little bean shards to finish .
 Chocolate is first quality , but what good is it to receive a big glob of chocolate goo after paying for the product and shipping ? They need to fix their shipping in a bad way . They shipped from Miami to Pensacola with no dry ice and no insulation . Express delivery will not save improperly packaged food stuff that is temperature sensitive .
 I was expecting a larger granual suger and am dissapointed in this product . I might as well have used normal grocery store ganular sugar -LRB- i.e. , Domino -RRB- . Not worth returning and I would not buy again . It certainly does n't fit my description of `` sanding '' sugar .
 I was expecting a larger granual suger and am dissapointed in this product . I might as well have used normal grocery store ganular sugar -LRB- i.e. , Domino -RRB- . Not worth returning and I would not buy again . It certainly does n't fit my description of `` sanding '' sugar .
 The silit bread box has a very unique design , however it can use some improvement . First of all the roll back is made of breakable glass . It should be made of some form of unbreakable glass . My first one came with the glass shattered , the second one came with the frame bend . I gave up . I do n't want to take any more chances , but I trully love the attractive bread box . If in the future they correct it , I will be the first one in line to buy it .
 This was not at all what I expected . I do n't know if that batch I got was old or what , but it did not have truffle flavor ! I could see the truffle in the butter , but there was none of that intense earthy aroma . Undeterred , I proceeded to use it to season my Thanksgiving turkey . I was so disappointed . Because I was depending on the butter almost exclusively for flavor , the turkey was bland.I ended up using the truffle and salt mix I purchased from Williams-Sonoma at the table . This was not the stellar meal I had planned . For Christmas , I used the same technique on cornish hens . This time , I used shelf-stable truffle butter from Williams-Sonoma . The birds were outstanding .
 This product had zero truffle flavor , and basically was one pound of butter with black specs that cost $ 60 per pound . I think that this product must be very old as I have found that truffle oils lose their flavor after a couple of months . I think D'Artagnon should have better quality control . I do n't think I would ever buy gourmet , perishable foods from Amazon or D'Artagnan again .
 Having tried and loved the D'Artangnan white truffle butter , I bought the black for a risotto . Not sure if i got a bad batch , but I found NO truffle flavor or aroma whatsoever . I see truffle looking bits but it tastes like butter with soy sauce . Quite disappointing .
 I ordered this from Amazon and it was fulfilled by Olio2go . The bottle that came was n't the 12 year aged vinegar . It was some cheap substitute instead that was runny and no better than the balsamic I can get at a convenience store . I do n't know if the item is simply incorrectly stocked or if Olio2go is truly trying to pass off this terrible imitation for the real stuff , but order with caution .
 I purchased this Balsamic Vinegar hoping that it would be similar in taste to D.O.C. qualty , 12 year old vinegars . I knew by the price that it was n't actually aged , otherwise it would have cost four times more . Unfortunately , there was no similarity between a good quality Balsamic Vinegar and this product . I even had a blind taste test to prove it.There is a chain of stores called Oliviers & Co. that sells a $ 35 bottle of Balsamic Vinegar that is ten times better than this product . I would also recommend Colavita 's vinegar over this brand for 1/3 the price.Finally , it is customary for fine vinegars to have the number of years aged on the label or in the name . For these guys to call the Balsamic # 12 is rude and misleading . For that reason alone I would add caution to your purchase . .
 Be warned ... this is NOT a nice aged balsamic . It tastes no different that Newman 's Own or Safeway brand cheap balsamic - I was very disappointed and will not be purchasing again .
 I enjoyed my Manicardi # 8 vinegar I bought in Italy . I thought I was buying and even better quality with this product as it is advertised as # 12 . I was able compare them side by side and this # 12 is not close to the same good flavor . I did some research and found that it is actually a lower quality cleverly described by the manufacturer as a 3 barrel formally # 12 to confuse the buyer . The description is correct per the manufacturer 's label so I ca n't say that olio2go has a deceptive advertisement . It points out that it is actually `` grape must '' and a condiment quality . But including the # 12 designation does mislead . So I gave it one star based on the easily confused product . It was not what I was expecting so I am unhappy with the result . Others may enjoy the flavor but the real thing is much better .
 Product quality is average . Mfg. has added mushrooms in the butter and the truffle count has been scaled back . I thought I purchased truffle butter , not mushroom butter .
 I was very disappointed in this product and will not purchase in the future . I also served it to guests who were in complete agreement . Obviously it is an acquired taste , which I will not bother trying to develope .
 These nut fragments were so small and thickly covered it was like chewing small clumps of burnt sugar . Half of the weight of the package was composed of sugar lumps containing no walnut meat .
 Inexpensive and healthy but yucky `` whole grain '' tassting I wouldmt buy them again I want ones that taste like bread
 The tea was subpar and I am not sure if it was because I have usually gotten the higher end of this or not but , it was not what I was expecting . Maybe if you know what this one tastes like then it will be great . I love Assam black tea - it is my favorite . I should have just gotten what I wanted even though it was more expensive . This is sort of middle of the road in terms of Assam varities .
 This vinegar is great but you can get it at chef 's warehouse for $ 50 for a case of 6 .
 I ordered these chips and found them to be very salty and dry ! There was a huge amount of spices in a ball in one of the bags I opened .
 I was really looking forward to a salty savory crunchy break from the usual sweet protein shakes and protein bars . This one was lousy . The chip is crunchy , salty and savory but the after taste is unbearable.Also , I should have read the fine print ... these are not refundable . I suggest that you should purchase one before buying an entire box . My mistake , but after reading so many rave reviews I thought I 'd like it . Just goes to show you that everyone has different taste buds .
 These protein chips definately were n't that great . I ca n't say they were awful but they have a really grainy dry kinda taste . I think they would be good with dips , but I have only eaten them plain . I ordered the 12 pack and still have 11 boxes left lol . I would recommend sampling them somehow , try 1 box if you can , instead of 12 !
 I ordered the `` Better Balance '' Protein chips that were shown in the picture . When I opened my shipment it was for a different type of protein chip that does not taste nearly as good . Very dissapointed !!
 I bought this same product in a health food store in bigger bags ... BUT I guess it was not the same in the smaller bags . They were called Parmesan Chips but they were not as crunchy and they were full of parmesan . There was almost too much parmesan on the chips in these smaller bags and it seemed as though at least 1/4 the bag is parmesan . They just were not as good as the bigger bag . Maybe it was a manufacturing error ... but I will not buy them again . I really wanted them for a protein supplement to my snaks . OH WELL.If someone gets these and they are crunchy then I really would like to know that .
 Saw the bunch of 5 star reviews and thought I 'd give these a try . So people complained about it being salty , but that was n't the problem for me , since really , potato chips are just as salty as these . I think someone else called this taste `` unnatural '' , and that pretty much tells the story . These chips taste like they were manufactured in a laboratory , and not actually the product of natural consumables . They look like corn chips but they seriously just taste like flavoring and oil and basically empty of flavor besides these . Not recommended .
 Worst protein product ever . It was impossible to get down 2 chips . It turns into cement right away in your teeth . Stay away , you are better off with the most vile protein powder instead of this product .
 These things are ok but they are so salty I can finish a bag .
 Honestly , at first they tasted good , but after the second bag the taste was unbearable ! My buddy who eats just about anything could n't even finish a bag ! haha . I do n't know how these other people are eating these , but this product is not what I would want to eat . Also , there are 1.5 servings per little bag FYI -LRB- i.e. not much protein and fairly caloric - much much better off buying protein powder or eating chicken -RRB- . I hate to bash this product , but I feel like I wasted my money on this one .
 The spicy flavoring on the chips is not bad and the chips are nice and crunchy . The chips themselves though , taste terrible . Somewhere between plain flour and dirt with a chemical tinge . No thanks .
 I have had the nacho chili , and they were great . This was really terrible . Grandkids would n't eat them , the smell grossed them out.Smelled sort of musty and stale or something . Just a foul smell upon opening the bags ... I guess a Poor combination of herbs with the lemon.They became expensive dog treats .
 Not a fan of the taste or texture . I 'm a pretty clean eater , but I do like GF healthy snacks . This sounded great but it is so not . Tasted stale , the texture of cardboard when chewed and powdery '' parmesan '' flavor that has a bad aftertaste , leaving you with not only a bad taste but bad breath . Ate 2 chips and threw them all away . Pass .
 We have ordered these in the past and they were great . You could eat these for a high protein snack and not even gain weight . These do not taste the same as before , I do not know if they have changed something - but these are disappointing to say the least . I do n't know if we will take a chance and order them again and hope this was just a fluke or not .
 I am not sure weather others allergic to this product . I am not allergic to very many food items . Especially I do n't get itchiness to regular process food items like chips but this one did . So the whole thing was a waste , just disposed off the whole box .
 One of the worst chips that I have had , so salty , you will not take more than a piece of it
 I bought this product before they reformulated it , and of course now . This product has definitely changed for the worse . The texture is not crispy at all , and even borders on tasting stale . There were many crumbs in the bag , and the package has been downsized from 1.5 ounces to 1.2 ounces . Not much to like here anymore . I will be removing it from my subscribe and save . What a disappointment , because I really did enjoy them before.I am not allowed to review them independently but , there are several flavors if this product . At this time the Lemon Herb is still 1.5 ounces and the original formula . This could change at any time . I ordered another 12 pack of them before that formula also inevitably changes - they were terrific.C ` est la vie
 I ordered this item , and I ended up wasting $ 12.00 because they were terrible . Very bland , and tasted stale.I would never order any other products from Kay 's natural line .
 These are not low carb , which is the reason I purchased them . My fault , I guess for not looking closer . Also , they are terrible tasting . About 1/4 way through the bag I could n't stand them . That 's saying a lot because I LOVE food .
 These taste gross and I would not eat them . They are going in the trash !!! Dont waste your money . You are better off just eating something else . I was very disappointed that the reviews said they were tasty because they are anything but . My dog wont even eat them .
 I did not like these very much as a snack . I do think they might be good as a salad topping though .
 When I received this order I expected 12 pkgs but one was missing . After tasting these , I find that I will not miss anything from these ... Terrible tasting !!!!!!!
 I am trying to find higher protein alternatives to my snacks , so I figured I 'd give these a try . I 've already tried soy crisps , and I really love them.I was n't expecting these to taste like real chips , but I am seriously disappointed ! I could n't even finish one little bag . They taste like cardboard ! I 'm not sure what I will do with the remaining 11 bags ... What a waste !
 While high in protein , Kay 's Natural Chili Nacho Cheese Protein Chips should just be called Kay 's Natural Chili Protein Chips as their is no nacho cheese flavor found in the chips . While I did eat these because I am trying to increase my protein intake , I was disappointed with the misrepresentation of the flavor .
 These chips taste okay - although I probably would have liked the Nacho flavor better , they were 3 dollars more a case at the time I made my purchase . The main problem with these chips , is half of every bag is protein powder at the bottom of the bag , so your stuck trying to scoop it up with your fingers or end up just throwing it out . I guess , in trying to make them low fat , the oils that usually hold chips together is missing , so you end up with half a bag of crumbs . I ordered 3 cases and every bag is like this , so I do n't believe it 's an isolated problem .
 I thought these were terrible . I could n't finish a whole bag . However , the nacho flavor was there . I just thought they were so expensive for the taste . I brought them to work and a couple coworkers like them , but I really do n't . They ' r not cruncy enough and they feel a little soft . Blah , did n't like them .
 First , these bags are 1.5 servings , so adjust the calories accordingly . They tasted a bit greasy and the flavor was bearable .
 These taste horrible . As a diabetic it is difficult enough to find foods that I enjoy but these are disgusting . I could n't even pass them onto my 15 yr old vacuum cleaner of a son .
 Bought a bag of these today at a local Walgreen 's . I like the parmesan version so thought these might be good . I was totally grossed out on the first bite
 The Kay 's Naturals protein crispy Parmesan pack of 12 protein chips tasted aweful . I would not recommend them to anyone .
 If you are all about eating salt covered chips , you 'll be OK . For people who do n't like the taste of salt poured in their mouth . Might want to move on . The flavor would be ok , with a less salt flavor . Part of the salty flavor probably comes from the cheese , but it 's just too much . Wo n't be buying these again .
 These protein chips taste like eating cardboard . I would not purchase them again and even discarded most of them . It was a total waste of my money . Would not recommend .
 Thsi are hard to eat ... taste like you are getting saw dust . Never would buy these again . The birds do like them .
 I am anxious to find salted/cheese flavored snacks ... well the salt/grated cheese shakers are a lot more appealing . The aftertaste may send you right for the Hershey bar . There is also a funky stomache feeling too . I was desperate enough to try this stuff twice -LRB- I did have a box of 12 -RRB- ... it was n't the result of a bad first impression , these chips are just awful ...
 This is the first product I have ever reviewed . I shop a lot on Amazon and rely on reviews and they have always helped me . This product is so bad , that I felt I had to warn others . I purchased it looking for healthy low fat snack . First off , the package says low fat . They may be low fat , but the chip is as greasy as they come . Next , the chip has no snap too it . It is soft and melts . Not something you want in a chip . Worst of all is the taste . The cheese flavor is prominent but nasty . Overall , avoid this product . I should have been tipped off by the price , which is fairly low for a supposedly healthy and gluten free product in this quantity .
 I started eating these about a year and a half ago and really liked the taste and texture . They were crunchy , much more ` chip like ' ... but about 10 months ago they batches I started to receive were significantly different . Much more of a soft , puffy consistency . I was hoping that I just got a few bad batches in a row but it is now clear that they must have changed their recipe . I still enjoy the taste ... but am really disappointed in the texture now .
 We were excited to find a source of Patak Balti Sauce , a cooking ingredient , in the US , and ordered some jars . We were notified that they had been shipped , and given an arrival date approximation , but they never arrived . A few weeks later , we received an email from Amazon telling us that the item was out of stock and that we would have the cost refunded . We did receive the refund . We wish we had been told at the outset that the item was not available .
 My reveiw would be poor , since I did n`t realize the `` portion '' of food I purchased was half the size of a dollar bill!It tasted great but the size was ridiculous !
 This is just about the worst thing I have ever ordered off an Amazon site . The product says it was two peices , yes that was correct . But both peices were smaller than my hand . I will not be buying this peice of Daffy ever again .
 We have ordered many things from D'Artagnan . Mostly happy with them.But this was a horrible piece of meat . First of all , it was completely untrimmed . So expect to spend 45 minutes + if you want to get at the actual filet -- like you would pay 15 dollars a pound at the local store.And then there is the marbling . Um . There is none . This was the toughest piece of filet we have ever encountered . We ended up grinding it up into burgers . If you want * good * filet , either spend the ridiculous amount of money on prime , or go to your butcher or the grocery -LRB- where at least it is trimmed and you know it is USDA Choice since it says so -RRB- . Because this is a horror show . I 've been cooking for 25 + years . I know good beef . And this is not on the list . I actually did n't know that filet could be so tough . It 's amazing how zero marbling will destroy a good steak . But if you want a zero marbled filet , just go to the worst grocery store and you 'll find better meat . Cheaper and trimmed at least .
 Its the worst khus syrup available in USA . Never buy.Try only GuruJi or Haldiram 's khus syrup .
 Terrible . They are old and clumped together . I 'm eating them with my cereal just because I do n't want to throw away money . Will never buy these again .
 I have been buying Newman 's Organic Raisins for some time , but I have aways purchased the 15 oz round container and I love them . I decided to buy the 6 oz foil packages , because they would be easier to put in a backpack.The problem is that they taste like there is a coating of crystalized sugar covering most of them . I would not buy these again .
 First of all it was mailed in a soft carton envelope which was broken through when I got it . It should be mailed in a box . The product is a powdered mix , not a ready to drink liquid , label says 14.1 oz . not 18 oz . I happen to be having a problem with my hands so opening/closing the envelope and mixing the powder is a problem . Description should say powdered mix .
 I love real guanabana and have such fond memories of eating it while I lived in South America . This powdered guanabana drink , however , was a real disappointment because more than anything it smells and tastes like an overpowering chemical version of the fruit . One look at the ingredient list on the back and it becomes clear why . So disappointing !!
 I 'm thrilled that they were organic , but they were dry and not as flavorful as they should be.I think the product quality is lacking.Disappointed .
 I bought this gift as an house warming present and was pretty upset when it was openened . We all were upset when we tried the products . All the products were from a cheap `` off brand '' , definitely not the products that are shown in the picture and a total ripp off . The cookies were n't edible , we did n't even finish the sausage as it tasted awful , the cheese spread was a cheap rip off and nasty , even squirt cheese tasts better . There were products missing in the package which were mentioned in the desciption . The only thing that was good and pretty nice was the cutting board . It was a total disappointment and definitely not worth the money !
 Was excited to get this for my husband 's birthday but this gift set was a total rip off . The title said `` cheese and sausage '' but it came without the sausage . It was also missing the knife and all the products were basically small samples or cheap dollar store products and not worth trying . The only cool part is the cutting board .
 I love sourdough bread , but this is not close to that . The bread has a sour , unpleasant taste , a gummy texture , and a horrible aroma . I will never buy this again .
 Made it in a bread maker . Followed directions . Never browned even a little.Gummy and tough dough , unpleasant taste and texture . And after all that it is n't even sourdough.Total waste .
 I bought this from my local supermarket two different times about a year apart . I wanted to make sure I did n't get a bad batch or something.I will never buy this again , It tasted like margarine and made my toast a nasty yellow color.If this is what the Irish really call butter I feel sorry for them , cuz it 's wicked nasty.I tossed it right in the trash .
 I 've never had anything bad to say before about butter -LRB- that vile substance called margarine is another story -RRB- , but the two blocks of Kerrygold salted butter I recently bought were a total waste of money.The butter was absolutely , totally , odorless and tasteless . Used to , Land O'Lakes salted butter had no smell , but it did have flavor . The Kerrygold had a rich texture and a beautiful yellow color , but no flavor . None . The expiration date was 10 months away , so it was plenty fresh . Maybe I just got a bad batch -- I do n't know -- but I wo n't be throwing good money after bad to find out .
 Kerrygold butter is made in the United States under licence . There is a difference between the butters from each side of the Atlantic .
 I also was surprised to open box and see bags were only 7 oz . What a rip off . I feel that their ads is deliberately misleading and for the money it was a poor choice on my part .
 Caution in purchasing this product!Found foreign matter in package , had to throw away .
 Why do they call this Jalapeno flavored?What a disappointment . Yes , they are a bit too salty also .
 I wanted some chips that were jalapeno flavored so I bought these . They are so salty , I can not taste anything else !! . I suppose I am going to throw the rest of the case away since I can not eat them .
 When reading the label in the store , I discovered that this contains sulfite , a preservative that can cause serious allergic reactions in some people . I only get migraines from it . It is listed as an ingredient on the McCormik website.Why is n't it listed on the Amazon site ? Are there other products with an incomplete ingredient list ? It would be wise to check the manufacturers website before you buy .
 The Chocolate I ordered was advertised as `` Dark Chocolate '' . When it arrived it was 72 % Dark Chocolate . I was disappointed .
 Your product description says `` We Package Only When You Order '' yet the Garam Masala I received today is stamped `` MFG Date - OCT 2010 '' ... I am not happy
 Disappointed in this blend - taste is mostly pepper with a hint of cinnamon . I 've had other garam marsala blends that were much more complex . I have no reason to reorder this , and am really kind of stretching to find ways to use this up . Yeah , I could add curry , cardamon , sage , et al , but why waste perfectly good spices trying to improve a sub-par product .
 I used maybe two tablespoons of this spice mix when I first got it , and then stored the remainder in a tightly sealed glass jar in a cool , dark cupboard . Two weeks later when I went to use it again , it was CRAWLING with bugs . Yuck .
 I sent this as a get well gift , took 2 weeks to get there , and their were not flowers with the basket . I wish I had just called a local florist .
 I ordered this for my wife . The contents of the package were old and the cookies were rancid . She called Amazon and they gave a credit , but said to keep it as it could not be returned ... it was thrown away as she felt that the contents were not safe to eat . What a dispointment !
 You think you 're doing something good for your kid when you invest a little more to get an organic formula . Sadly , that 's not the case here . This is a horrifically constipating formula ... lots of pain and straining , guaranteed . Having to take measures to prevent this -LRB- offering juices , water , etc -RRB- is just not a sensible approach.Also , the manufacturers use sucrose instead of lactose to save money , and they use a LOT of it . With the same sweetness as country time lemonade , Similac Organic 's sucrose-based formula may also set your child up for future diabetes . Check the NY Times article for more info on this.Bottom line
 2.0 out of 5 stars Read this article first , August 11 , 2009By Pregbaby -LRB- Florida -RRB- - See all my reviewsI thought I was doing the right thing by buying organic and thought Similac was a brand I could trust to be good for baby . That is , until I came across this NY Times article about the sugar they use ... -LSB- ... -RSB- From the article : Parents may be buying -LSB- Similac Organic -RSB- because they believe that organic is healthier , but babies may have a reason of their own for preferring Similac Organic
 This is a great product ... my baby loves it . I especially like the smooth liquid formula versus the powder since the powder never seems to dissolve properly.I am , however , rating this low because of the SELLER ... $ 55 is RIDICULOUS ! This product normally sells for $ 25 - $ 32 . But they are jacking up the price because there is a shortage of the liquid formula due to the powder recall.YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED AMAZON !!!! This is food for a BABY ! Makes me ill .
 Do not buy this product . You will not be doing your infant any favors . If at all possible , you should be breastfeeding . -LRB- I know it 's not always easy or convenient . -RRB- If you ca n't then in my opinion the best formula is Earth 's Best and even that is disappointing . Basically , they dry cow 's milk and remove all the natural nutrients then `` fortify '' with synthetic vitamins/minerals . Pathetic . Just buy whole organic milk , raw if possible . There are recipes online to make it closer to human breast milk . Sorry to be so matter of fact . I 'm losing patience for all these evil corporations capitalizing on the `` green '' movement . OH and by the way the second ingredient in this garbage is sugar !!! Good way to start the diabetes/obesity while they 're young !
 we switched from the advance similac to the organic product thinking it would be better as we prefer organic foods ourselves . it was a disaster with our 2 month old baby getting constipated and progressively worsening her intake till she fell drastically below her calorie intake . we discontinued the product within five days and switched back to the previous similac and she is fine now . her feeding and calorie intake is back to normal
 RECONSIDER THIS FORMULA !! Martek advertises this formula on their website ! `` Although Martek told the board that they would discontinue the use of the controversial neurotoxic solvent n-hexane for DHA/ARA processing , they did not disclose what other synthetic solvents would be substituted . Federal organic standards prohibit the use of all synthetic/petrochemical solvents '' . Martek Biosciences was able to dodge the ban on hexane-extraction by claiming USDA does not consider omega-3 and omega-6 fats to be `` agricultural ingredients . '' Therefore , they argue , the ban against hexane extraction does not apply . The USDA helped them out by classifying those oils as `` necessary vitamins and minerals , '' which are exempt from the hexane ban . But hexane-extraction is just the tip of the iceberg . Other questionable manufacturing practices and misleading statements by Martek included : Undisclosed synthetic ingredients , prohibited for use in organics -LRB- including the sugar alcohol mannitol , modified starch , glucose syrup solids , and `` other '' undisclosed ingredients -RRB- Microencapsulation of the powder and nanotechnology , which are prohibited under organic lawsUse of volatile synthetic solvents , besides hexane -LRB- such as isopropyl alcohol -RRB- Recombinant DNA techniques and other forms of genetic modification of organisms ; mutagenesis ; use of GMO corn as a fermentation mediumHeavily processed ingredients that are far from `` natural `` quote from
 i ordered this on 8/29/10 , and it did n't ship out until three and a half weeks later . it 's 10/12/10 and i still have n't received it yet . next time , i plan to order from a merchant who can fulfill it in a reasonable timeframe.as far as the product is concerned , i do like that the similac liquid formula in the 32oz size does n't contain BPA . i was really upset when i researched and discovered that the single-use ready-made liquid containers and large powdered containers both contain BPA . i would expect more diligence from similac to be BPA-free in all of their packaging .
 My child was exclusively breastfed for 41/2 months and I gradually introduced Similac Organic formula to supplement -LRB- my breastmilk started to dry up -RRB- . She found this was so much easier to eat she gave up on me by 51/2 months . By the time I completely stopped nursing she was so constipated from the formula that I switched . She winced and cried and worked so long to just produced a hard ball the size of ping pong ball . It was horrible ! I realized I was the one helping her poo with nursing and then she lost all ability when she went full-formula . I say switch ...
 We breastfeed our month old boy , but since his bilirubin level was still high , doctors recommended to switch to formula for 48 hours . We started with Similac Advance -LRB- Shield Plus -RRB- which we still had from hospital . First 24 hours were wonderful in terms of pooping , then we decided to switch to Similac Organic for known reasons , but during the first 32-Ounce Bottle I began to notice that his stool was getting harder , and eventually he stopped pooing -LRB- actually he produced two stone-ball like poops -RRB- and had a hard time for another 24 hours . Breast milk and Similac advance tested similarly sweet , but Similac Organic was much much less sweet . I made a research on the internet and I found the following that may help you to understand the cause of constipation
 I ordered this product and what I received was not the item pictured . Instead I received the almonds in a ZIP LOC bag and is apparent that it is not professionally packaged . Looks like someone had some almonds and threw them in a ZIP LOC bag and sent them to me . I have tried to contact the seller with zero results . I left negitive feedback as well . I want the item pictured not a ZIP LOC bag from who knows where . Stay away from this company .
 Vulcan is absolutely right . I ordered this product and received it in a ziploc bag as well . Do not recommend that anyone order this product .
 I mistakeningly ordered raw almonds . I can roast them and they will be fine . Had a digesting them . Love the raw taste but just do n't have good luck with them .
 I love this brand of soups , and will give every flavor four stars ... . except this one . no matter how much i tinkered with the measurements while preparing it , i could n't get it to not taste awful . the udon and miso bowls are my favorites , but i will never order this flavor again .
 I like the idea that it 's more healthy than other soups on the market , but people are not going to continue to buy this if Annie Chun does n't improve on the taste . I would eat it , but my kids think it has a blah taste .
 these are terrible . i drowned it in sriracha sauce to and it 's the first thing i 've found that even sriracha ca n't fix . i do n't see what others are seeing in this flavor . yuck .
 The noodles are cracked and brittle when you mix in the hot water . Taste was fine but I could n't get over the inconsistent texture of the noodles .
 Purchased this with the Tom Yum and Udon . Avoid ... does n't taste like chicken , really salty and almost unpalatable .
 Bakery on Main does well with their Apple walnut granola as well as there cranberry granola . I would give both of those 4 stars -LRB- excluding the price frusterations -RRB- but the extreme fruit and nut is n't any good . Tastes gross to me . They need to totally change this recipe .
 If you are looking for granola , Bear Naked is hands down the best.nobody beats their quality and taste.Bear Naked All-Natural Granola , Fruit and Nut , 12-Ounce Bags -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB-
 There was so many great review on this granola , that i decided to buy it but i hate it . This is not granola , if you want granola buy bare naked it 's the best . stephanie , brooklyn
 I wanted to make a winter wedding cake that had a little sparkle to it . Although I admit that I I have never used edible glitter it was n't quite what I expected . I thought it would be smaller like real glitter . This glitter is thin flakes kinda like fish food with not a lot of shine to it . It also gave the cake a little bit of a bitter taste . I wish now that we had just left the glitter off .
 The order was received as needed , unfortunately , when I ordered Similac Sensitive , that is the product I wanted . The box was labeled as such but the bottles inside were not . I was very disapointed that it was not the product prescribed by my daughter 's pediatrician . Similac `` Sensitive '' for spit up .
 Similac is a great option to breast feeding , but with the liquid form you have to keep it on ice or refridgerated . Not a great option for a new mom on the move ! The powder form has become more practical for us this time around ...
 OMG - this formula has corn syrup as the # 1 ingredient - that worries me !
 I followed the instructions to the letter and there is still something missing from the flavor . It 's a good thing I had on packet of soy sauce from `` Jacks '' . The soy sauce helped with the flavor . Otherwise , it 's OK .
 I was n't overly happy with the flavor of these , but brought them to work in case someone else would like to try them . They were n't overly impressed either . BUT then I found out the ones I purchased in December carry expiration dates of February of this same year . I ca n't find a way to complain to Amazon yet , but I will ! They might have tasted better if they were fresh .
 Annie Chun 's Hot & Sour is not awfull , but it does n't taste good either . Heck , it does n't even taste like Hot & Sour except for a little `` Hot '' . I 'm sorry , I like Annie Chun 's other soups , like the `` UDON '' , but this one I 'm not ordering again .
 I purchased these on Amazon based on the nutrition information provided . It is a LIE . The packaging states 1 serving per package , 290 calories , 970 mg sodium . Thats a lot of sodium !!! The nutrition information on this website states 140 calories and 470 mg sodium for one serving . If that were the actual case , I might actually try the soup . Now I will never know if the soup actally TASTES good or not since it has proved to be A VERY UNHEALTHY CHOICE . Please provide ACCURATE AND ACTUAL information so your customers can make INFORMED decisions . Waste of my time and money . The ACTUAL NUTRITION FACTS from the side of the carton are
 Compared to other brands of instant soup cups , Annie Chun 's Hot and Sour Soup Bowl is pretty darn good . Compared to the other flavors of Annie Chun 's Soup Bowls , this one is a major disappointment.The noodles are fabulous , and the veggies reconstitute very well , as with all Annie Chun 's Soup Bowls , but unfortunately the flavor is really lacking . I ca n't quite put my finger on what exactly is missing , but it basically tastes like extremely watered-down hot and sour soup . I 'm Annie Chun 's biggest fan , so it pains me to leave a negative review , but the Hot and Sour is definitely out of my order rotation .
 Perhaps Annie Chun -LRB- and the rest of the manufacturers on the hot & sour bandwagon -RRB- understand hot and sour soup to be a completely different animal than I do . Then again - maybe not.After discovering a love for hot and sour soup at our local Chinese restaurant , I thought I 'd try some of the store brands that said `` hot and sour '' on them . BIG mistake . The hot and sour soup I am used to is a flavorful , robust soup with chunks of tofu , pork meat , bamboo shoots , egg and dried mushrooms laced throughout it . It is slightly tangy affair and a bit spicy on the palette.By contrast - oh dear . Annie Chun has fallen into the same pitfalls the others have when trying to make a store-brand , prepackaged hot and sour soup . I must admit I was interested when I saw that the noodles were ` fresh ' rather than dried - but when you add hot water to them , along with the ` flavor ' packet and hot oil sachet ... ugh . Tastes like someone strained a whole head of garlic and some chillies through a sieve and into a bowl of boiling water.The dried veggies -LRB- most noticeably the green onions -RRB- are godawful . They have a consistency more akin to bad calamari , and a taste that more closely resembles cardboard -LRB- do n't ask how I know what cardboard tastes like -RRB- . Just awful . Do yourself a favor - go to your nearest Chinese restaurant , and order like ten servings of hot and sour soup . It 's usually about $ 3-a-pop , and portion it out into individual freezer-safe tubs or sandwich bags . Freeze . Extract one-at-a-time from the freezer when you have the craving . MUCH HAPPIER !!
 Tried the Hot and Sour soup bowl and the Ppad thai . Putting 970 and 1000 units of salt in those products turns them into an abomination . My wife and I took one spoonful of each , then prompty put the remainder down the disposal and went out to eat . What you do to those dishes at least is a terrible waste of food , in a time and in a nation when decent food is at a premius . For your sake , hope you have a good customer base because we wo n't be back , nor will any friends who share food reviews with us .
 The picture shows individually packaged portions of several straws each . The description said 2 lbs . The belief was was 48 individual packages . The reality is 48 individual straws , seemingly taken from a bulk pack with no individual packages and perhaps 3 ounces total . If this is someone 's idea of a joke , IT IS NOT FUNNY . If I have to haul these to Seattle myself to return them , they are going back !!!!
 I was looking for bulk pixie stix in little packages to give out for halloween . The picture shows a box of individual packages which is what I thought I was getting . What I received was a tiny bag of 48 individual little pixie sticks . I can pick up a bag at the store here for a couple of bucks . Very misleading -LRB- and I 'm sure deliberately misleading -RRB- picture .
 As other reviews have stated this is an awful deal . When I initially purchased this product the picture showed what I had intended to purchase which is 48 individually wrapped packets of 3 pixy stix . Very upset with this purchase .
 I was sadly dissapointed in the product , certainly did not live up to all the hype . I would say it is a bit better than your basic store brand bar soap . Certainly did not do anything to help my dry skin.I would tell you to stay with your present soap and just purchase a good moisturizer .
 This product contians LYE ... that 's what saponified means ! So much for the benifits of olive oil . It leaves your skin feeling dry and itchy.Now I remember why I stopped buying things on the internet .
 I purchased this soap because my skin is very dry and sensitive . So much so that my face and neck get blotches . This soap dries the skin even more . Your skin will feel tight and uncomfortable , and you 'll need to use a lot of moisturizing lotion afterwards to make up for it . The only thing that works on my skin is Bag Balm . I highly recommend it . It may be sticky and smell strange , but it smells better than the olive oil stuff and it ALWAYS works . Go Bag Balm !
 This product contians LYE ... so much for the benifits of olive oil . It leaves your skin feeling dry and itchy.Now I remember why I stopped buying things on the internet .
 Mom made this for us and it was awful . Nobody wanted to eat it . We threw it all out . She said it is supposed to be healthy , but it tasted like card board .
 This Biscotti is just awful , too sweet and too hard . La Tempesta is a real Biscotti .
 I 've tried several of these Annie Chun noodle dishes and soups with noodles . I do n't find any of them very good as compared with ` real ' Asian food . Some are n't too bad when doctored with some soy sauce , hot sauce , or other sauce . And some are n't too bad for ease of preparation.This one is n't easily doctored , nor is it that fast/simple to make . Therefore I do n't see any reason to keep in the pantry . If I do n't feel like spending 20-30 minutes to make my own Asian food from scratch , I 'll stick with better/easier ready-made products to keep on hand .
 I bought this and a few other Annie Chun products on the recomendation of a Trader Joe 's worker . Annie 's signature Soba noodles can be cooked to either an unappealing glue or still hard inside . The sauce has an unpleasent odor , my fiancee would not even try it . I went ahead and tried it but could n't finish it . I think I 'm being generous with 2 Stars , seeing as how my dogs would n't eat it either .
 IT IS BAD INVENTORY CONTROL TO SELL CASES TO INDIVIDUALS THAT ARE WITHIN 15 DAYS OF EXPIRATION .
 This stuff is tasty but caveat emptor
 I personally do not care for this beef stew . My mother and niece absolutely love it . I find the gravy a bit greasy . The meat is not whole pieces , but rather compressed ground hamburger . The potatoes and carrots are what you would expect from canned food . I have been stocking up on Bulk Canned food with an expiration date of at least 1.5 years from date of purchase . You would be surprised at how fast some canned food expires ! Yes , the economy is collapsing under Obama and his Communist Marxist agenda . Stock up now . The current price and vendor for Dinty Moore Beef Stew is ridiculously overpriced . Do NOT buy your bulk from this vendor `` Huggy 's Haven '' . Looks like they pulled the price out from their # $ $ . They are double the price compared to any grocery store .
 I was disappointed in this product . Really bland , not much nutrition , boring . I am going to donate the rest of my boxes to a shelter .
 I am growing more and more interested in Asian food . I am almost a regular at some nearby Chinese and Japanese restaurants -LRB- unlimited snow crab legs during the weekends , yum ! -RRB- , and I also enjoy Nongshim noodles , especially when I am getting creative and add extras.That 's why I ordered this set of teriyaki chow mein . It was the first time I tried Annie Chun brand.Well , what 's to be said ? First , the noodles looked just OK , kind of like spaghettis . Of course I can get better Mexican fideos for less , but nevermind , I thought it is worth a try . The sauce was weird looking , but the bad part was when I tasted the combination . Ugh ! It tastes awful , and I believe it caused me a stomach ache that lasted until next day . I almost went to the doctor.I am not saying it is bad for you , but for me , with an European stomach , so much abused by the American processed food , this `` Asian '' processed food was too much . I guess you could be fine with an Asian stomach . Can someone borrow me one for the rest of the pack or should I toss it ?
 This product was so misrepresented that I no longer use Amazon as my first choice when I 'm looking for a product . I ended up spending my gift certificate and was totally ripped off for 3 packs of nuts that I can purchase in a store for $ 5 . Do n't be fooled by this product no matter how they try to dress it up .
 okay well the pot is not even two inches tall . it came with no directions . and just was very poorly put together . do not waste ur money
 These looked wonderful and were a birthday present for a close friend . When they came the foil was all stuck to the candy . We tried to unwrap a couple and it made a bigger mess with the paper sticking terribly to the candy . In the end we were able to taste the tiniest piece which just made us more disappointed and angry since it was delicious . We would never order these again or do business with this company . And living in Florida was not the problem since we paid BIG prices for the candy and shipping , it was not hot and the package was literally put in our hands from the truck , so it did n't sit outside . Big Big disappointment .
 I bought this ready to eat Indian food expecting to re-kindle my home town memories - but I dont know what these people had in mind while cooking this lousy , bad tasting food . It smelt really odd and tasted even odder !! Where is Kohinoor ??? Does no one on amazon know about this delicious ready to eat Indian Maharaja style cuisine ? I had it just once and keep thinking about that authentic flavour ... !!
 Too much chocolate , but the filling is decent.They 're pretty sweet too . Overly sweet.I prefer Rice Crispie Treats or Star Crunch ! 2.5 stars .
 Little Debbie , much like Hostess , is a company that serves chocolate cake-like products to grocery stores . You can find them for dirt cheap . Swiss Cakes Rolls are just not very tasty to me . They taste cheap , as if the chocolate was set out in the rain for too long . There 's something about these , and it just resembles a cheap taste . The inside has creme , but not as much as Ho-Hos do , therefore they taste somewhat dry and not as fresh . The chocolate cake wrapped around tastes blank and unnatural . Then the extra chocolate above tastes just as bad.So , in overall terms , Little Debbie 's Swiss Cake Rolls are just not good . The choclate tastes cheap and unnatural , and there is not enough creme inside the rolls . Do yourself a favor and pass on this Little Debbie product . 2 stars .
 We all know that Swiss Cake Rolls will never achieve the delicious status enjoyed by Yodels , but I really do give them an A for effort . The major complaint with these snacks is that they are just too dry . They attempt to surround creme filling with some kind of chocolate cake , but the result comes off as a cheap tasting joke . I do n't really have any advice for Little Debbie to improve this product , though . They should simply leave it up to the experts at Drake 's Snack Foods .
 Too much chocolate , but I do n't think it 's necessarily an over-sweetened product , like the other ones.I guess it 's OK for what you 're getting , but it does n't taste like a REAL , homemade brownie.Try them if you want , you may like .2.5 stars .
 If all you 're after is rose flavor for cooking , then this is fine -- but if you want real rosewater , which is distilled from roses , you need to buy somewhere else . It is not made at all clear that this is not real rosewater .
 Yes , they should say artificial rose water flavor . I thougt it was natural where it says rose flavor . Flavor usually means artificial unless it says natural flavor though . This flavor is probably distilled from petroleum . Maybe I 'll use it to scent handkerchiefs or something.I just assumed that after paying $ 4 for one bottle and it being from an ethnic store , maybe they would n't know about making it with artificial flavor . I must tell you , after one sip , I ca n't stand any more.It says no preservatives , so it gives you that natural vibe impression . I guess if it had real rosewater , it would have preservatives . I feel like I have been tequiyaed.If you drink this stuff you may end up hating the whole idea of rose water for life .
 I should have read the reviews before I bought it ... This stuff taste like antique perfumed water that u would find in a museum somewhere . This stuff made me gag for 2 hours after a sip . . I bought this from Whole foods , I wo n't put this in anything . I 'm only giving it one star because I could n't give it none .
 I assumed this was a drink ? It has nutrition facts on it . . what a horrible taste . I managed one sip .
 I purchased this item several times , and at first the product was well within its expiration date and tasty . On the last order , however , the product was shipped AFTER its expiration date and was stale and inedible . Very disappointing inattention to detail and I had to throw away the entire shipment . Wo n't be ordering food products from Amazon again .
 I really expected to like these from the description and ingredients , but it turns out that they 're not all that great . They 're too sweet -LRB- and I 'm the kind of person who usually likes sweet trail mix -RRB- and the peanut-butter candies have a strange taste . Also , they were only about a month away from the expiration date when I received them . Overall , very disappointing .
 Marinated chicken with this and was very disappointed with the flavor ! To describe with one word-BLAND ! I first let my son taste it , and the look on his face said it all . Thinking maybe he was just being picky I then tried it myself and the result was me throwing it and the chicken both out . Maybe Mrs. Dash 's other flavors are better but this one left much to be desired !
 My friend bought these , we both agreed they smell like old lipstick but it could have been a bad/old pack ? Either way I have n't tried another since . I would n't say they 're very sour either , I bought the ` Sour power ' brand which is leaps and bounds more sour and actually comes in distinctive flavors .
 I should have known this would happen since it is late September and Torrone is widely known as a Christmas occurrence . Still , I figured if Amazon would sponser it , it would be fresh . Big mistake . . It is as stale as stale can be . Ugly . Threw it out , and will proceed with more caution in the future . And of course , never buy this brand again , no matter the season . They should have not offered it in this terrible condition .
 We fed our baby this formula for several months - until we realized that we were spending nearly $ 150/month on formula alone.We consulted our pediatrician as well as a pediatric nutritionist , and both told us that there is very little difference in the formulas from major brands because they are heavily regulated.We then went to Costco where we were able to find the Kirkland brand of formula for $ 60.00 for six 25.7 oz cans . Read the label - it has all the brain boosting stuff -LRB- dha , etc. -RRB- as well as nearly identical vitamins , minerals , iron , etc. . If you do n't want the Kirkland brand , Costco also sells other major brands for similar prices.If for some reason you really want to pay more to get the Nestle brand , note as well that this 6-pack is at almost no financial advantage to buying a single can - the only benefit is that you get all 6 at once.By the way , we 're big fans of Amazon.com in general - just not on this product .
 You can buy the same formula at Wal-mart for the same price without paying shipping charges . Or at Babies R Us for even cheaper .
 I 'm sure it just depends on your child and their needs . We originally were using Similac but had to go on WIC and were put on Gerber Good Start Gentle Plus . Immediately he started having horrible constipation and hard bowels . We had to put juice in the formula just to keep him regular and it was always a balancing act , especially once he started solids . Recently we were once again able to pay for formula and switched back to similac . Immediately he was regular again , irregardless of being on solids . So for some this may be great , but if your child has constipation on it , you may just try a different brand formula , not necessarily switching to soy or a specialty kind .
 This formula is totally constipating . My son started out okay on the formula at first but the more we used it the more constipated he seemed to get . I gave the product 2 stars because it had 2 pluses
 I would never order this product from Amazon ever again ! Out of 12 cans , 7 were damaged . According to my math , that is more than 50 % percent of my order damaged !
 Let me start by saying that my son loves Good Start Infant Formula , so I 'd give it five stars , but ... The last two deliveries that we have received from Amazon arrived dented , which meant that I had to throw away the cans . So , I 've stopped purchasing this from Amazon , and now get it from Walmart , Target of Babies R Us . That way I can be sure that there is no damage to the can , which may have caused damage to the product inside .
 I made paella with this spice pack the other day and I must admit the flavor was not dynamic . All my guests agreed that something seemed to be missing . Next time , I 'll mix my own seasoning from saffron threads and other spices . Too bad , I had high hopes .
 I refuse to make and consume chocolate sauce on a regular basis just because I made the mistake of buying this in bulk.cocoa powder is healthier.Conclusion
 What I got is not carrying the log or its not even the same type of Box!Logo of the Saffron I got is having a symbol of CROWN , the logo appears in picture is a farmer!The Name of the Saffron is Taj Crown!What is there in picture -LRB- in Amazon web site -RRB- is CHIQUILIN saffron!Its too bad for a customer!I am from India , We say there in India that American company do n't do such cheating but I am facing it in America with an Biggest American on line shopping!Its really a Cheating!Saffron could be good , I have n't yet experimented , but my ratting is for the Wrong Brand !
 I have to agree with the bad reviews . Not only has a bad chemical odor/taste , but it doe not look fresh . Even my husband wo n't eat what I cooked . By the way the container/brand is not what is shown in the picture either .
 From the looks of the package this saffron is exposed to light . The reason some views say that this saffron is weak is because some of the important chemicals involved in the aroma and flavor of saffron break down relatively fast in the presence of light . As such you 'll notice high quality brands use opaque packaging , i would avoid this one if you 're looking for quality .
 Did not like the taste of this candy . It was ceramy but tooooooo sweet andthe maple taste was over powering , which made it have a slight bitter taste .
 I 'm coeliac and have been buying this cereal for a few years . I bought it a couple of months back and it 's clearly been changed by it 's makers ; Nature 's Path . Gone is the toasted , textured , wheat-like flavoursome flakes of goodness I was missing in my gluten free life.In it 's place are thin , flat , flavourless giant fish-food like ` flakes ' that seem like flattened versions of the old flakes that have dried , flavour sucked out and then bagged.They 're now cheap , nasty and soggy in about 20 seconds in the milk.It 's hard enough for coelics to find good products like the original Mesa Sunrise ... so for a company dedicated to this important illness ... it 's a crime to cut corners for the sake of money ... which is what they are clearly doing here ... as I can not believe that they believe that the new version is an actual better product.Revert back VERY quickly NP - or you 'll lose yes another customer .
 This cereal smelled strongly or turpentine or chemical , which indicates that the flax seed content has gone rancid . It is likely due to heat during storage or shipment to us . We had to throw it out . It was a waste of money .
 My wife has celiac disease so she 's on a gluten-free diet . She used to love this cereal and we had it on a `` Subscribe & Save '' from Amazon . The product changed in the last order and it 's now horrible and we cancelled our subscription . The manufacturer needs to go back to the former recipe !
 This cereal tastes terrible . I had one bowl and I could barely eat half of it . They need to go back to the drawing board
 The last two packages I purchased had a terrible smell and taste . There have been numerous other reports here and on the Nature 's Path website of a bad , possibly rancid smell . On their website , Nature 's Path has offered `` to make this right '' when someone submits a complaint.Update -LRB- January , 2013 -RRB- Nature 's Path apparently has fixed the problem . The old familiar taste is back . This is my favorite gluten free cereal . My advice though is to look at the expiration dates before purchasing . I would only buy dates that are at least 3 months in the future . Flax goes rancid relatively quickly .
 Used to buy this for half a year or so and everything was great . All of a sudden last shipment came -LRB- October 2011 -RRB- and cereal in all bags had a horrible smell to it . Had to throw all 6 bags in a dumpster . What a waste !
 Prior to 2012 , this was my favorite cereal . Tasty , healthy and gluten-free . Sometime in 2012 , they reformulated the flakes such that they are now totally tasteless and lack any texture . They are thin and become almost instant mush in liquid . There is no longer any solid ` crunch ' or interest . You might as well be eating cheap corn flakes . Save your money until they return to the old recipe .
 Nature 's Path Organic Mesa Sunrise Cereal , 26.4-Ounce Bags -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- I have been eating this cereal every morning for many years . My last shipment was different in several ways . The flakes were thicker , tough and stuck in my teeth , and there was a gritty feel which gave me kind of a sore tongue . I contacted the cereal company online and they promised to make it right . Said the cereal had not changed its formula but during the period in question , there was a glitch and the flakes were rolled thinner . Did n't seem that to me , just the opposite , plus the taste was altered for the worse . They have sent me coupons to buy Nature 's Path products , but no one around my small town carries it . I will use them , however , when I get to a larger city , 50 miles away . I then ordered the same cereal `` with raisins '' described as plump and juicy raisins , from a different on-line distributor . It 's the same , except the raisins are like little hard rocks . We ground the first shipment up for the birds , but they wo n't eat it either .
 That about says it all . This cereal is just too sweet . Their Flax cereal is better .
 Unfortunately , all six packages that arrived were within one week of their expiration date , and all six packages of cereal were rancid . To its credit , Amazon refunded the total price for the product . We were very disappointed because we have been great fans of the Mesa Sunrise Cereal , which we have previously purchased from the local grocery stores . Perhaps Amazon could somehow list the expiration dates of the product -LRB- s -RRB- before listing them on its website .
 My family used to love this cereal , but not anymore . The formula was changed recently ; it becomes a soggy mess as soon as you add soy/almond/rice milk . Why did they change it ?
 I have Celiac Disease and heard so much good stuff about Hemp Seeds . I purchased this 3lb . bag and was excited to try it . The first time I became very nauseous and I did not connect it to the Hemp Seeds . The next time I sprinkled it on my salad . Approximately two hours later I got horrible stomach cramps and uncontrollable vomiting . It was so awful ! I was in pain the whole night . I was afraid to eat anything the next day . I just had Gatorade and a banana . I do n't think I could ever try Hemp Seeds again . I do n't know if this was a bad batch or if they share equipment with a wheat facility . I will never buy this again .
 I have purchased hemp seeds many times , and count them as a large part of my diet . I typically purchase the Manitoba Harvest brand , but the price on the 5 pound bag with Subscribe & Save was unbeatable . The hemp seeds I received looked and smelled normal , but sent my GI tract into a nightmare . I thought it was a fluke , and had nothing to do with the hemp seeds , so I ate them again a few days later , when I was feeling better . Within 30 minutes of eating , I was vomiting profusely , with terrible stomach pain . I wonder perhaps if there was some ecoli -LRB- or similar -RRB- bacteria on the seeds . I tossed the rest of the $ 50 bag . I wo n't buy Nutiva brand again .
 I 've had hemp seeds before , purchased at my local natural foods market -LRB- navitas brand , I believe -RRB- and enjoyed it very much . In contrast , Nutiva in the 5 lb bag , was disappointing to say the least . Poor taste , plus a horrible burn all the way down my throat . I 'm not allergic to hemp , in fact consume hemp milk every day , so this was quite a surprise . Unfortunately I did not keep the packaging , since I had immediately transferred the seeds to glass containers to prepare for freezing . These seeds are going in the compost bin -LRB- hope it does n't burn the worms ! -RRB-
 This product sounded so great . I started taking about two to four tbls . a day . After a week my lips started swelling , then the inside of my mouth started feeling strange and my tongue was very sensitive , then I started having what I thought was heartburn -LRB- which i never get -RRB- I would feel pressure in my thoart all the way down to my Solar plexis , By the end of the second week it became so intense I knew something was wrong with me , I just did n't know what . I thought `` I `` m having an allergic reaction '' -LRB- I 'm not allergic to anything -RRB- so it took me awhile to catch on , the only new thing I added to my diet was the hemp hearts . I quite taking them , in one day I started feeling better , by two days , started feeling normal again.So just be careful , people can have an allergic reaction to this .
 I wo n't go all the way to 1-star since this is probably more about me and not the foodstuff but , despite the claim that hemp seeds are not known to contain allergens , I did experience * some kind * of reaction to 4 tbsp of this stuff this past Monday , about 4 hours after ingesting it . I passed out , was shaking uncontrollably when I came to , felt tingling followed by a loss of sensation , nausea , pain , and shortness of breath . I realize correlation does not prove causation , but the health professionals whom I 've consulted so far -LRB- which includes my primary -RRB- agree that there 's a strong possibility that the episode was caused by something in the hemp seed , especially since I do not have a history of these kinds of incidents . I 'm going for tests anyhow , and if it turns out that the hemp seed was not implicated , I 'll update my review.Still , the moral of the story is , try just a little bit of this and any novel food or remedy before you take a full serving of it , lest you wind up at the ER like I did .
 Tastes like burnt weed , and should be treated accordingly -LRB- thrown out , which is exactly what I did -RRB- . I do n't care if its good for you , because so are a million other foods that taste infinitely better . The concept of someone actually enjoying the taste of this completely escapes me .
 I roasted it but it still tastes weird , in a bad way . I would n't buy this again . The quality of the product is good , hence the 2 stars , otherwise , I would have given it 1 star because I just wasted my money on this product .
 Last year I bought this same product when it cost $ 36 for a 5lb bag using subscribe and save . Now , it 's nearly $ 60 for a 5lb bag which is why I gave it just a 2 star rating . Would 've gave it a 1 star , but it is an excellent product . Too bad the price doubled .
 In one week since i placed this item in my cart it went up fro $ 43.00 to $ 83.00 . you 've got to be kidding . i will not pay this much . there are plenty of places on the net , where i can get better quality and cheaper ... Get Real ...
 I have bought this for over a year and I have either received rancid seeds or they became rancid within a week . I think the seeds shipped in a black container have better shelf life and resist breakdown from light .
 Being aware of hemps 's nutritional properties and being advised by a friend of how tasty toasted hemp seeds are , I was predisposed to a favorable opinion of this product . However , after lightly toasting the seeds and sprinkling them on a salad , my first impression after a bite was that there were a bunch of shells among the seeds . I have no idea if the package I received was simply a bad batch or if hemp seeds always have such a gritty consistency but it seemed to me that I was eating shells as much as seeds . I 'm going to try Bob 's Red Mill hemp seeds and see if they are any different . In the meantime , I gave away this package to my neighbor who has chickens .
 has anyone else noticed a rancid smell with these ? they are also slightly green in color -LRB- the white parts are white , but the black shells also have a green counterpart . -RRB- I do n't know if this is normal . I keep a small amount in the fridge for several weeks use , in a mason jar , the rest in the freezer . I usually mix them in smoothies , and did n't try them alone until just now for the purpose of this review . The taste is nutty , I do n't detect any rancid taste ... just the smell that makes me inclined to stop using them . I read that hemp seeds go rancid like an hour after being hulled .
 Bought 3 lb pack and have to throw it away.Terrible taste , sour and bitter , does n't taste as hemp at all.Just to make clear , 1 star is for the product only , Amazon service -LRB- as always -RRB- deserves 5 stars . They refunded me for the order .
 I have enjoyed Nutiva Organic Shelled Hempseed for three years . But I just received a three pound bag that was puffed up with air . When I opened it up , it still smelled like hemp seed so I took a bite and swallowed it . Not only did it taste bitter , but it burned my throat ! Amazon is refunding my money and I am going to try a different brand of hemp seed . I suspect improper packaging or storage which is a shame because Nutiva 's product is really good when it is fresh .
 I ordered this product based on good reviews like 2 months ago and i really loved it and I ordered another 3 pound bag a month later , the second bag was just not right , I thought i must be a bad batch or something because it had more green shells in it and the seeds looked more brownish , it had this bitter burning taste . I called amazon and they said they would send me another -LRB- i really did not wan na give up on it so i wanted to try another -RRB- , same thing . I called again and they said they would send me another just to make sure that it was not a fluke . I got the bag 2 days ago and the same thing :-LRB- finally i gave up on it . I will look in to another brand . I am really curious if other people are having the same issue . .
 This hemp seed made me and my family extremely ill.I ordered the 3 lb bag . I do not know if this was a fluke or just a bad batch but this was TERRIBLEI received the product in great time . It arrived in about 3 or 4 days and i gave half of the bag to my daughter . I used hemp seed mostly in my protein shakes . I 've been taking hemp seed for about 4 months now . When I got this product , i used it in one of my shakes and 2 hours later I had horrible stomach pain and threw everything up . My stomach continued to feel horrible all day . I really did n't even think it was the shake , but a stomach virus at the time . Then 3 days later , my daughter called me and told me she got very sick , with similar symptoms . She had mentioned that it was a couple hours after drinking a shake she made with the hemp seed . At that point I was afraid to use to product , unsure if it was the hemp seed or my family had gotten a `` bug '' -LRB- by the way , my daughter does not live at home -RRB- . So a month just passed and today I decided to give it another try . I made a shake and put 2 tablespoons of hemp seed in it -LRB- the recommended dosage is 3 but i only use 2 in my shakes -RRB- . And then , like clockwork , 2 hours later i threw everything up and my stomach still feels horrible and i still feel nauseous . The expiration date of this product is December of 2012 so its not expired but there has to be something wrong with it . To date , we 've used about 6 tablespoons of this stuff and we have n't thrown the rest away in hopes the company will contact us and want it back for testing and give us a refund . I 'm not saying the company acted maliciously but I do believe this may have been a bad/tainted batch .
 I have had wonderful results from Manitoba Harvest hemp , but this was a better deal , I thought . Not the case . Lots of shell bits and the hemp bits are tiny . And my physical reaction was nothing like I had with Manitoba . Disappointed .
 You may or may not like the taste . Very strong flavor & did not like the taste on any of the foods I tried it on . Yuck . I have friends that just love it .
 Be careful when ordering . The package I received was not air-vacuum sealed like previous orders . As a result , the contents were comprimised , creating a rancid smell and bitter taste . After one teaspoon I was forced to discard the entire contents of my 3-pound bag , which resulted in a complete waste of money . Amazon does not allow returns for this product . Buyer BEWARE .
 I just ordered the 5lbs bag date of receival is 8/28/09 and its expiration is 11/5/09 . I did not order an expensive product just to get something thats almost expired . Very disappointed and would NOT RECOMMEND TO BUY FROM THIS SELLER anymore !!!
 I got the 5 lbs bag . Received it right away but this has too many shells .
 This is awesome coconut oil , but it is packaged in a PLASTIC container . Plastic can leech into the product . What is the point of putting a health food in contaminating packaging ? Change it ! Glass is far more acceptable , and will not will not contaminate the product with the estrogens from plastic . We people who use coconut oil will definitely recycle it , like we do everything else. ; -RRB-
 Previously purchased this item . It was packaged in a solid white container . Very disappointed they changed it . I think it has an adverse affect on the quality of the product . Doubt I 'll purchase again .
 I used to buy 1 & 2 lbs - smaller packages which I was very satisfied with the Quality.At this time ordered 1 Gallon and I am quite Disapointed as quality of Coconut oil is not NOT the same . It looks more transluent -LRB- less white -RRB- and even at room temperature oil is VERY soft -LRB- almost runny -RRB- also it has LESS coconut fragrance ... . I will NOT buy this package again .
 I ordered this brand ONLY because it stated that it was in a JAR . I got a white , opaque tub , disfigured , from what I suppose was due to multiple liquifying , then solidifying . I could have gotten it cheaper and faster but chose this for the supreme qualities of glass . The oil tastes okay , but I have doubts about what else might be in it . Even the photo appears to be glass . What a con !
 i bought this but do n't usually use it . the coconut oil has a distinct smell and flavor that sometimes overpowers the food . i wo n't buy it again , but thought i would give it a try .
 We have used this brand for months and this is the first time we have been disappointed . Seemed like refined coconut oil not Extra Virgin .
 This product to me is n't all that great ! It 's high in Saturated Fat and I really do n't see the what the hype is around this product ! For me it 's another fad that I bought into and wasted more money ... check out my YouTube review to see my reaction to this product . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The process of ordering was excelent as was the delivery.Nutiva - Coconut Oil Organic Extra Virgin , 29 oz solid I do not like the smell when cooking with this oil . This oil also adds a coconut flavor to your cooking that I do not care for . I found `` Spectrum Naturals - Coconut Oil Organic '' to be a better choice for cooking no smell and no added flavor .
 We use coconut oil for literally EVERYTHING . We use it for cooking , skin care , hair care , baby bum care ... everything ! We saw this and thought it was a great deal . It would be a great deal if it were in Glass . However , it is packaged in # 1 plastic ! A big FAIL for this company . # 1 plastic leaches antimony and phthalates . No thank you ! We avoid traditional products specifically to avoid those , and other such chemicals!If you 're a fan of glass , go with Spectrum or Tropical Traditions ! Though , I 've only bought their smaller containers .
 Unsaid in the description of this item is the fact that you receive only one box for $ 10.98 . The same item can be purchased Directly from Dreamfields for only $ 2.99 , which probably explains why this ad does not reveal the number of boxes in an order .
 I have been eating Nature 's Path Original oatmeal for two years . It 's become one of my standard breakfast foods . I especially love the fact that it does not have anything added , so I can add my own ingredients , like Vegan protein powder -LRB- to make `` protmeal '' -RRB- or dried berries . Unfortunately , the last box I purchased is WAY TOO SALTY !! I do n't like a lot of salt in the first place . It definitely does not mix well with the protein powder or dried berries . The packaging recently changed on this product and apparently so did the salt content , despite the fact the Ingredients stayed the same and the Nutrition Facts changed -- the Sodium count actually went down ! Either Nature 's Path needs to reduce the amount of salt or I will have to find another plain oatmeal to eat .
 This oatmeal is too salty and my husband can not eat it . I have even tried to mix it with other oatmeal and he still can not eat it . I am very disappointed in this product since I have ordered it numerous times and the last two times I have ordered it , it has been too salty . My husband used to enjoy this oatmeal but not now . He has oatmeal every day and this will not be his brand of choice any more !
 There must be something wrong with these . The nutrition facts say there is only 120 mg of sodium , but I just threw out what I had left , could n't eat it anymore . I ca n't really describe how salty this is , but it is really like someone dumped a entire shaker in each bowl . Real Bad . Whole Foods 365 brand is the way to go . Same price , no salty taste .
 I grabbed the `` original '' oatmeal and its absolutely overpowered with salt . I was expecting plain oatmeal ... I 've been trying to give it an honest shot but I can barely force myself to eat it . I do n't eat ANYTHING this salty , especially not my oatmeal . Ew .
 It 's dark , bold , & rich alright , but does n't taste nor smell like coffee at all to me . Will not buy again because of that . I actually prefer simple Folger 's over this . Suppose it was worth a try because I 'm a Jack Daniels fan , but it 's not even made by them or in Tennessee , it 's some company in Virginia . Take my advice , if you want better tasting coffee try Dunkin Donuts , Starbucks , or Community Coffee .
 I have tried many granola bars , and from the good reviews I thought I would give these a go . . However they are way too sweet ! They are loaded with tapioca syrup , invert cane syrup , evaporated cane juice and molasses . -LRB- I have a feeling there is even sugar in the peanut butter they are using -RRB- Do n't be fooled by these `` natural sugars '' If you are looking for a desert I would buy them . For my taste they are just too sweet for a granola bar .
 I really love puffed millet and the price here was better than at the local store . However , every time I have ordered it I have received a shipment that is not very fresh and why should I buy a product and then have to place it in the oven in order to make it less stale tasting ? When I buy it from the store at least it is crisp and enjoyable to eat which is the way millet should be . I have purchased this product three times but will not again -- yes , I have finally learned my lesson . IMO , cereal should not be limp until you place it in milk or other beverage .
 I hated this item 's taste . I do like Nature 's Path Puffs a lot , but these Millet Puffs I will be throwing them away .
 well , do you know how difficult it is to find WHITE RICE PUFFED RICE?Only company that does it is QUAKER.Millet does n't cut it . sorry . wo n't but it again.Have tried all the puffed rice products . Most do n't tell you that these puffed rice products are BROWN RICE PUFFED RICE . . Truth in advertising?I think not.BROWN RICE PUFFED just does n't have the taste of WHITE RICE PUFFED.I can still find it at ALBERTSONS at around $ 4 bucks a box .
 If you are looking for a pleasurable protein drink , this one is not it . This mix is very bitter . I took 1 swallow , nearly had to spit it out . I tried to add splenda to it , same thing gross ! I can not even get a refund because it is food , non-refundable . I was very disappointed . Save your money !
 The flavor was wonderful but i just could n't get past the gritty texture . These are going in the trash .
 While I personally love and eat tons of organic and natural foods , I have to say the $ 30 I spent on this case of cookies was a waster . Neither of my children will eat them , nor will I . They have a smell that once you get in your nose hinders any attempt at enjoying the very small bit of flavor they have . Nature 's Path makes great cereal and energy bars but fall short with these cookies . Stick with the chocolate or peanut butter and you are okay . The honey grahams will sit in your cupboard until trash day .
 the title says it all . Our whole family was shocked when we saw my son was eating a box of expired -LRB- April 2010 -RRB- received in July . I will think twice when placing order for similar item through Amazon !
 Other reviews made these cookies sound like the animal crackers one sees at normal grocery stores . I could only get through one box . I do n't like the taste at all . Now , I 'm trying to give away all of the other boxes .
 While the cookies have a good taste for a gluten free product , they were mostly broken into small pieces within the box . Amazon does not accept returns for grocery items , so I would definitely recommend the Orgran animal cookies in chocolate and vanilla . They are very good and thicker than the Envirokids . My daughter prefers the taste of the Orgran brand over the Envirokids . I have never had a problem with the Orgran brand breaking during transit.OrgraN Outback Animals , Vanilla Cookies , 6.2-Ounce Boxes -LRB- Pack of 8 -RRB-
 Wo n't continue to take but had to try it . Was n't what I had expected . So gave it to my daughter for she likes all that kind of stuff
 I am sure this product may help with bloating as Dr. Oz suggested . But the seeds are awful to eat and I do n't plan to buy anymore .
 It is as if this were white sugar that had some type of molasses added . not at all smooth and natural feeling or tasting . it may be fair trade and organic , but the quality is not there .
 Very disappointed This is not the kind of demerara I was hoping for . It is more like the sugar in the raw that you get in packets in restaurants.Will not be buying again .
 We love demerara sugar in tea , however , this left us terribly disappointed ! The sugar arrived hard - had to run it through the blender just to loosen it enough to be useable -LRB- but then it 's powdery and not good for baking with -RRB- . I 'll never order this again - we went back to our favorite brand -LRB- Tate & Lyle -RRB- just wish that amazon carried it ...
 Scant vegetables and beef . Surprisingly little barley . Gloppy texture . Much too salty . Does not taste fresh . Needed addition of fresh vegetables to be edible . Hard to believe , but Campbell 's is better !
 Wow ! I use Pacific Foods beef and chicken stock all the time & I guess I expected more ! Convenience is n't worth it if the soup is super salty and tastes processed !!!! Hardly any barley or beef ! I cooked up one bag & I 'm throwing the rest out !
 The description states the shipping weight is 4 pounds , but the actual amount of chocolate is 6 oz - definitely not worth the $ 75 it cost to buy -LRB- $ 32 -RRB- and ship it -LRB- $ 43 -RRB- . And , it did n't taste any differently than a Hersey 's candy bar .
 Golden Monkey is the highly prized black tea counterpart of Silver Needle white tea . The flavor profile of a good invoice of golden monkey tea is memorable , characterized by a `` good mouth feel '' - natural cocoa notes -LRB- not chocolate -RRB- , variously honeyed peach , malt , and , or fruit . It will be balanced , lack astringency and have a nice finish.The quality of Special Teas ' high-end teas has been wholly unreliable and inconsistent for the past few years.Golden Monkey tea is a hand-processed tea originating from the Fujian and Yunnan provinces . This selection is from the Fujian province . Several years ago , it was difficult to locate a supplier that offered a superior Golden Monkey to Special Teas ' stock.This is no longer my experience . My last dozen selections and attempts to reclaim their former excellence , have been unsatisfactory.To my experience , Special Teas ' stock and customer assistance has become unreliable . Tea quality , consistency , freshness and availability have issues . Moreover , their customer service does follow through on their commitments , nor submit to simple shipping requests that preserve the quality of premium purchases . This may be due in part to their employee turn over . As such , they claim fewer high-end customers than in the past and this has also resulted in a change in their packaging.Today , they open their two-pound wholesale bulk packages and break them into eight smaller four-ounce packets to re-sale Golden Monkey . Customers wishing to purchase a pound or more of tea will receive their order in multiples of small 4-ounce packets . Connoisseurs of this premium style tea who wish to purchase quantities larger than four ounces , -LRB- or present as a gift -RRB- will note that such packaging results in more handling , more crushed leaves , more fannings , and an inelegant harsh infusion .
 So Amazon sent me a replacement ... This one is also looking really bad . I only received it 4 days ago.Now you might be thinking it must be me -LRB- not taking care of it correctly -RRB- , however I purchased `` Brussel 's Jade Indoor Bonsai Tree '' last December 2004 and it is still alive and happy .
 We followed the directions on this plant , but it had a slow death . People said it would take some time to adapt , so we cared for it but it never seemed to adapt . It finally did die after the Amazon 30 day warranty . Now we are stuck with a dead plant and a pot . We 'd love to try a replacment plant if Amazon is up for sending one .
 I got this gardenia bonsai in mid-February and it is not as I expected . Upon opening the package , the leaves are dull green , no buds , dried out and mostly dark brown . I followed the instruction and even did some research work through the internet . I even bought extra stuffs like plant food , cool mist humidifier just to revive the plant . Well now , after 3 weeks , 90 % of the leaves are gone , branches bare , looks like those bare trees that you see during winter . I tried to contact the merchant and ask for advise , but I did not get any response . I have other bonsais and regular gardenias that are healthy and I really wanted this gardenia bonsai so bad .
 I 'm always hesitant to write a negative review because tastes are different but with this product I felt I had a duty to alert consumers . I bought this and out of the box it was pretty until I looked close and found it was infested with tiny white bugs that clung to nearly every branch and leaf . I hoped they would die on their own but after three weeks they were still there and the plant itself had started to die . I bought plant insect spray and they killed the bugs . The plant died two weeks later . I was very disappointed since I 'd always wanted a bonsai tree and gardenia is my favorite scent .
 I ordered this plant and I ca n't even beleive you 're allowed to lie like this and get away with it . The item description clearly states that the plant is supposed to be a 4yr old that is 8 inches high and in a 10 inch pot . This is not my plant at all , its about 6 inches if that and in a 6.5 inch pot . I ca n't beleive I paid $ 32 for this plant . There is no one to get in contact with to return it or ask WHAT IS GOING ON ?!?! I do n't understand why you say you will give a plant that is completely different from what I received . I am very unsatisfied with my plant and even more with your bad service , no one anwsers my emails or questions . If anyone can help me , my email is chanteldionne@hotmail.com
 Not sure if the plant is going to survive , The pot was broken when we opened the box yet the shipping box showed no signs of damage . I ca n't find out how to return it either since it is a plant - these independent Amazon merchants make returns difficult
 I should have heeded the warnings of the previous reviewers.Ordering in plenty of time for the shipment to arrive , I was informed upon payment that the plant would be delivered by Mother 's Day , but after placing the order , I see that it will take at least 3 weeks -LRB- 2 weeks * after * Mother 's Day ! -RRB- AND there is NO OPTION TO CANCEL MY ORDER.Trying to reach Amazon is next to impossible.I could not be more dissatisfied .
 Positive
 I ordered this bonsai tree for my daughter-in-law because she listed it on her Amazon wish list as `` highest '' for this Christmas 2005 . The order came in record time , three weeks before Christmas so I set about babying the tree each day by following all of the directions to a tee ! I sprayed it and watered it exactly as the directions stated and I placed it in a sunny well lighted area and the temperature in our condo was never below 65 degrees and that was only at night while we slept . Nonetheless , after two weeks , still a week before Christmas , the leaves began to curl , turn splotchy and fall off . I was very sad about this because the tree had looked wonderful when it arrived and it was very well packed . But , by the time Christmas Eve arrived it had only about half of its original leaves . We are now waiting to see if the tree does better at my daughter-in-law 's home since she is very happy to have it and she 'd love to keep it ... she is going to try to nurture it into a healthy life . We 'll see ... M. Buchanan
 At first thought this would be a beautifull plant and we were looking forward to it blooming . It looked as though there were some small blooms just waiting to come . Then the leaves started to fall . I asked a local nursery about it they said sometimes this happens before blooming . But , basically it turned to sticks . It has been returned back To Brussel 's . We have since replaced the item with another grower .
 PURCHASED AS A GIFT FOR MY WIFE . LOOKED GREAT ON ARRIVAL AND WENT DOWN HILL FROM THERE . THREE WEEKS LATER ALL GONE , UNLESS YOU LIKE MINATURE BROWN TREES ! IF I TOOK CARE OF IT I 'D EXPECT THAT OUTCOME . BUT MY WIFE HAS A GREEN THUMB AND REALLY TRIED TO SAVE IT .
 This gardenia tree looked so cute online and we love gardenias . It arrived with a note to hurry and purchase a tray to go under the pretty pot which has 2 draining holes . It was a surprise this was not included . The plant did however come complete with ectoparasites -LRB- something like green scales clinging to the branches -RRB- and white flies . It was also not as mature as shown in photo - more like 3 branches with scant green and yellow leaves .
 The bonsai plant itself looked like it could have been beautiful . Unfortunately , when it was shipped to South Dakota around Christmastime , the state was experiencing extremely cold temperatures . Only packing peanuts were used for insulation , and the plant died . Restrictions should be placed on shipping these type of products to cold climates or packing material that provides better insulation should be used .
 Not too thrilled with this one though . Seems to not have any growth and getting yellower by the day . I 'm not sure it survived shipping very well . It was moist when we got it , but there was only one bloom left on it which dropped after one week . I did n't care for it any differently than the Jade , which sits right next to it on the counter . The only thing it seems to attract is bugs . We finally had to put it outside because it was getting pretty bad . I think its still alive , but not sure how much longer it has .
 So it came with beautiful greens and full of flowers . Was really optimistic , no instructions - i.e. how old is it ? After the flowers died , it got fleas , which are soil related . It bugged my other plants . However , its a cutting of a shrub , not a bonsai . Its just stuck in a bonsai pot . Now I 'm in the bug spraying mode - frustrating . It would have been easier to care for it as a plant , since its buggy . Now I have to train it into a bonsai . It seems root bound , but we 're not supposed to anything the first year . Gardenias are hardy but delicate so I 'm frustrated with spraying for bugs and for the season I have to bring it in and I hate bugs .
 nearly 5 US$ for 2 pieces of hanuta?That is more than 100 % more as u pay in the supermarket !
 While German chocolate tastes very good , I grew up with it , charging $ 4.99 for this is pretty lame , yes I did read the description and bought it , however this store or seller is taking it from the living , in other words , I do n't think I come back to buy , to expensive !
 We ordered this specifically because it was vegan , however the actual ingredients on the package when it arrived are DIFFERENT than the ingredients on the website . This item now includes ghee and is NOT vegan . Oh well , very disappointing .
 I received this tree on December 17th . I was home for delivery -LRB- it was sent as a gift -RRB- we unwrapped it immediately . The soil was very moist , almost soaking when I unwrapped it , so I did not water it again . Some of the leaves were starting to curl and blacken , but I assumed that was from shock . I emailed Brussels directly over that weekend and phoned them on the 21st . I have yet to receive a reply from either venue . The tree itself is now about dead , though we have it in direct sun and have been keeping the soil moist . Almost every leaf is blackened and curled/dried up . Very disappointed in their customer call back .
 Bamboo sticks a strangely hollow and withered 2 weeks after I bought them , despite watering ... had to throw them out . Also , extremely overpriced for the amount you get .
 1 for $ 1.99 and $ 5 shipping ?! They must be joking!I can get one of these at Publix for $ .89
 I read all of the positives reviews before placing an order for thie Bonsai and was optomistic about having this shipped to someone in CA since there shouldnt be any issues with cold weather or snow . The plant was packaged great ! and I watched over Skype him opening the box up only to see that 99 % of the leaves were dark brown in color . The package indicated that its normal to see about 20 % of the leaves to fall however within 2 days they were all falling off . I have since returned this plant and chose a different style .
 This was going to be a Christmas gift.I opened this package as soon as I got it . The leaves on the tree were all brown . Not one note on caring for the tree . It was really sad to see such a sick tree . I would love to try to nurse it back to health but I do n't want to gamble my money away if I ca n't . I will be shipping this back today . I tried to call them but they said I had to go thru Amazon for any questions or returns and they would n't speak with me .
 Within a week of purchasing the tree , it died . I had put it oustside in a shady area where it could get partial sun , and I watered it every other day . However within a week , all the leaves were brown and fell off .
 I ordered this tree , on November 29 , 2006 , it was delivered December 5 , 2006 . It was frozen when it was delivered , needless to say , it now looks dead . The box said 2 day air , but it was n't . I 'm very disappointed with this item . Was supposed to be a gift . but now it 's dead . Becareful of ording plants in the winter time . I live in Michigan . It must have set in the UPS office for a few days in a freezer or something .
 I received the tree today , and when i got it out of the package it had small bugs crawling around everywhere ... I decided to go to my local nursury and i found some bonsai tree 's that looked better and were alot cheaper .
 The bonsai tree is almost dead in few days the leaves are falling just after one day of arrival.I am still trying to maintain it butIt looks almost dead . I am not satisfied at all with this product . I generally do n't write reviews but this time every day I see the bonsai I get upset of buying it online . I should have put extra dollar and buy it from store . I even took pics but do n't know how to attach it on review .
 We bought two of these trees . The first one died right away , so we bought another one in case that was a fluke . It arrived in good shape , but died a few days later . I have lots of plants at home , including a ficus , so I know how to take care of plants . These things seem awfully fragile .
 I was very disappointed when this ficus arrived . Many leaves had dropped off but the worst part was that there were so many leaves which were blackened with some sort of insect infestation in the plant . Rather than going through the trouble of repackaging it and delivering it to be sent back ... I placed it in new soil , spread powered insecticide in it and put it in a larger pot and will hope for the best . I was very surprised that this plant was delivered in this condition . I ordered this because of the many positive reviews even though there were some also complaining about the problem I mentioned .
 A good price on this tree . But I was disappointed when it arrived . The trunk was awful -- it was very bulbous/tuberous , and huge compared to the leaf portion . Just ugly . I called Brussel 's directly and explained that I was n't sure I had even received the same type of ficus I ordered . They promised to call me back , but did n't . I called Amazon , and they quickly placed an order for a replacement . I e-mailed Brussel 's to let them know to expect a replacement order , and explained about the first plant . Did n't get a response , but the replacement plant was much the same . The roots/trunk were less bulbous and more compatible with the overall size of the tree . It was n't quite as unattractive , but still did n't look like the same tree as displayed in the picture .
 I bought this as a present for someone who wanted to get started in Bonsai . When I received the package , it was in excellent condition . After I gave it as a gift , terrible scars were pointed out . We recently replanted it , and the roots were horrific . Who ever grew this plan butchered it and did n't take the time to grow it . I sent it back and received a full refund
 The little `` tree '' certainly looked healthy ; yet the `` trunk '' was really weird - a bulbous `` v '' shape coming up to a top that had no branches , just a puff of stems with leaves . Had it not had a confined root system in a small pot with a wire it had grown around , I would have sworn someone had just chopped off a bush , let it sprout back and then dug up the plant and called it a bonsai . I took it to work to make sure it was n't just me . Everyone agreed it was weird and ugly .
 This little tree arrive in good condition , but it just gradually dropped leaves until nothing was left . Very disappointing . Maybe it did n't get enough light in my apartment .
 bonsay buy a birthday gift for my aunt , but never arrived and were not contacted me to know what really happened do not recommend this seller
 When the tree arrived the leaves were green with a brownish tint , however , I figured since it came in a box that it just needed some light and water . Unfortunately , less than two weeks later the plant is dead and Amazon will not give a refund or provide a replacement since they say the provide no guarantees . Extremely disappointed .
 When I got the tree in the mail half the leaves were already brown and crispy . I hoped that with water and sunlight I could nurse it back to health but it has now been almost a week and the leaves are almost all dead . I keep it watered and in sunlight but it seems to only be dying completely rather than coming back to full-health . I want to contact the seller but I ca n't find any information of how to do so . Does anyone have any tips for my bonsai or of how to get a hold of the seller ? This would be greatly appreciated . I love the shape of the bonsai and it is so fun to have I just wish it would stay healthy ! Let me know if anyone has any suggestions or information for me , thanks !
 I was disappointed with the variety pack and should have ordered the honey roasted or dry roasted macs . The chocolate covered macs have so much chocolate that I could not taste the macs , the kona flavored ones were bitter , and the onion and garlic ones were too salty . I love the flavor of macadamia nuts and was disappointed that it was overwhelmed by low quality ingredients . Definitely not worth the price !
 Very disappointing - I usually LOVE coconut haystacks , but these were waxy cheap tasting chocolate with not enough coconut to call themselves ` haystacks ' . Yuck . Save your money and just buy a Mounds bar ...
 I 'm an avid gum chewing person who has been trying to switch over to natural sugar free gum . Initially I purchased this product due to the price being cheaper than it 's main competitor spry . What a mistake that was . Actually this product is no cheaper after you spend 4.99 on shipping and also count in the additional time you have to wait for the product -LRB- 4 -5 days -RRB- to be delivered . The product tastes great initially but after about 5 minutes of chewing it tastes like crap . It leaves a very nasty after taste in your mouth . I 'm forcing myself to chew it so I do n't feel like I 've wasted my money but it 's not worth it . The Spry gum tastes soooooo much better and it lasts . Also I 've tasted the variety of Spry flavors and they are all good . So my final recommendation is to save your money on this product if taste matters . If it does n't matter and cleaning you teeth is the key issue then go right ahead and torture yourself .
 This gum is not worth the money . There are far better Xylitol products out there for sale . This gum 's taste lasts less than one minute before it is spent and tastes like an old shoe . Additionally , about the time that the flavor goes bad the gum turns to mush and does not even resemble gum at all.Most Xylitol gums that I have tried to not last that long but this one by far is the quickest to go south.I have had much better luck with others , you probably will as well .
 This is possibly the worst thing I have ever smelled or tastedtastes nothing like grapes , only feetI strongly advise against purchasing
 ... the Organic Chocolate Chip Pecan Shortbread 2-Count Cookies -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB- were within 60 days of their expiration date upon arrival . They were tasty but crumbles , too many crumbs , NOT the nicely formed cookies depicted . I would n't buy theses again UNLESS I knew the expiration date was further out . Hopefully they would have an improved taste and form.So my first try with wheat and gluten free cookies was `` just OK '' : - s
 These cookies are pretty good for gluten free -LRB- but very high in calories -RRB- . But do yourself a favor and do n't buy them online . They arrived as a box of cookie crumble ; every single cookie was broken .
 Cookies a little too sweet for me . The cookes came delivered in unbroken boxes , but found most cookies inside were broken and just crumbs . I liked the chocolate chip ones better - they were not as broken as these pecan shortbread ones .
 I was thoroughly disappointed in the condition of the cookies after they arrived . I receieved the Chocolate Chunk , Choc . Chip and Pecan Choc . Chip . They arrived in two shipments and all were broken . Only a few of the Choc . Chip cookies survived.Hey Amazon , I think that the packing was n't sufficient and it might have helped to mark the outer boxes `` fragile '' .
 Having just successfully grown two kinds of seeds , using the same technique , these immediately mildewed . They came with no instructions , except to look on the Web . On his site it said instructions are expensive , and would be posted in a few days . I.e. , there are no instructions for this mix as far as I could see . I have news for you Todd , in the last company I worked with we provided BOTH written instructions with the product and a Web site . Instructions are for a customer 's convenience , not yours , Todd , and are not omitted so that you can save a few cents .
 The seeds sprout well , it is true , but there is a bitter taste to this mixture . I use them on sandwiches and I thought there was something wrong with the non-fat mayo . Plain alfalfa sprouts taste much better .
 I could not be more dissappointed . These are NOT chocolate , nor do they have any taste at all . They should be soft but are crunchy , hard and dry with NO flavor . Like eating plastic . Just awful , do n't buy !
 Seems to be generously proportioned but the anise stars themselves appear to be for decoration in a potpourri vase . They came dusty , freckled , and hazy looking ; I obviously can not consume them and are now uselessly store in my cupboard !
 When I saw the item was only a 2 dollar 2oz . package I did not pay attention to the shipping cost thinking it would be minimal ! No , they outrageously charged me $ 7.00 shipping for an item that weighed nothing . It ate up my gift certificate !
 This product was dumped outside my property by the shipper and left in the pouring rain . By the time I got home from work the product drenched through and through . I had to throw the entire carton into the trash . Why a food product would be packaged in materials that are not waterproof is beyond my comprehension . The product
 I would recc the other ones , unless you want one looking like a horsetail -LRB- tall ornamental grass -RRB- .
 DO NOT PURCHASE FROM THIS COMPANY . The plant looked NOTHING like image shown , and was half-dead when it arrived . Go to a greenhouse and buy a plant .
 It was a beauty when I received it but slowly but surely it started to lose all its leaves and eventually died . I 'm good with these plants but to no avail . It looks great in the picture with the little pond and all but whether you keep this plant indoors at any temperature , it is doomed . Amazon is very nice when it comes to these plants . They usually are very nice when a plant passes away by crediting your credit card but it took so long to die that I just could n't call them to ask for a credit because of the long period of time between the time I bought it and the time it died . Oh well , I 'll write it off on my taxes or something like that .
 The bonsai came in completely dead . It arrived almost a month after I ordered it . It was very sad opening the package to find a dead , dry , and creeping looking bonsai . Certainly nothing like the one shown on the picture . I would never buy a plant through the internet ever again .
 Tree arrived in decent condition , but quickly started to drop leaves . All instructions followed and even bought care book . I see the good reviews here , but I would not roll the dice again ! Worst purchase I 've made on Amazon .
 I have never seen such a sloppy and unsuitable packing job from Amazonor its affiliates !!! Three plants , with only base protection , whichdid not fit next to each other in the carton , were just thrown into thebox with styrofoam flakes -LRB- popcorn -RRB- in between and on top !!! This resultedin up to 50 % of leaves rubbing off during transit and worked their wayto the bottom of the carton . Also the 3 leafelets were wet and stickingtogether . I returned this order .
 Looks comatose on arrival . Within two days had white cocoons on most of the remaining leaves . Never had a chance . I will also say that it was the first product I ever returned to Amazon and their process for doing so is world class . Easy , simple and a quick refund with no hassles .
 My bonsai seemed fine for about a week , and then it started dropping leaves , just like all the others ' . Unlike everyone else who 's posted here , I found out why . I watered and inspected the tree and found little -LRB- .5 mm -RRB- silver mites running around in the soil -- lots of them.I did a lot of research and then eventually took it to a local nursery where they said and my bonsai came with a nice little infestation of thrips palmi.Thrips are a common glasshouse and factory nursery infestation that attack the roots of young plants . To an adult plant , thrips themselves do minimal damage even in large numbers but can stunt or warp growth by feeding on terminal shoots , the undersides of leaves , causing them to drop . Each of my dropped jade leaves had a small brown spot at the base where thrips had been feeding . The real danger from thrips is that they carry Watermelon silver mottle virus that makes your leaves turn silver and shrivel up.The reason the leaves start dropping is that thrips love the warm dry air of a house or apartment and the parasite population explodes when you house the plant indoors as advertised.Anyway , in summary , they mention they are the biggest US distributor of bonsai , and I believe them , 'cause my bonsai has the parasites to prove it ! DO NOT BUY !
 I started noticing little bugs flying thru my home almost immediately after receiving this tree but did n't make the connection right away . After the window near the tree started crawling with bugs , I was forced to throw this tree out . Now that I no longer have the tree in the house , there are hundreds of dead bugs to deal with ! One of the worst purchases ever .
 It arrived quickly , despite the fact that I live in an apartment and UPS wo n't leave the package ... The plant was in good shape , and I gave it as a gift to my grandma who loves plants.However , though she followed the care directions the tree died quickly . So at least she has a pretty pot to grow something else in . The grass sprout thing is still alive.Bottom line
 The description of this tree said that it was ideal for areas that do not receive much sunlight . So I bought it as a birthday present to a person that lives in a typical NYC apt -LRB- some light , but no direct sunlight -RRB- . Well , that person did some extra searching and found that another site described this tree for sunny locations . And of course , the bonsai died .
 Shipping was not the problem ; the tree came nicely packaged . However , it was dead to begin with . The leaves were brown . Over the next couple of weeks , I watered the tree consistently , hoping I could revive it . The only thing that I was successfully growing in that pot was moss . The tree continued to look worse and worse . I 'm positive that I did n't do anything wrong . I watered it every day , made sure it was getting plenty of sunlight , and even misted the leaves . I want either a new , LIVING tree , or my money back .
 Barry 's Farm usually has high quality products , but my recent order of bay leaves left me stunned . They are mostly brown and diseased looking ... certainly not something I would use in my soups and stews . This is one item I wo n't be re-ordering from Barry 's Farm ... into the compost pile they go.Bay Leaf , Whole , 1/2 oz .
 The plant is very healthy . It arrived quickly and in good shape.What disappoints me is that it is described as 10-12 '' tall and in a 10 '' pot . This plant is 20 '' tall and in a 5 '' pot . It looks silly ... the pot is WAY too small for the height . It does not look `` Bonsai '' due to it 's height . If I had seen it in person I would NOT have bought it .
 I ordered this as a gift , and it arrived completely broken . Every branch was completely broken and there was not one live leaf on the tree . Also , the dirt had almost completely spilled out of the pot . I was very disappointed with this product .
 This product is nothing like the picture . The one I purchased was shriveled and dying . It was about a third of the size as the one in the picture . Not a good purchase at all .
 I purchased this as a gift with another bonsai . The other arrived in perfect condition , this did not . It was packaged improperly and over half of the branches arrived broken . I will be contacting the seller for a replacement or refund .
 I bought the money tree bonsai for my husband 's ninetieth birthday and twoBrussel 's Money Tree Indoor Bonsaidays after it arrived the leaves turned yellow and started to fall off . It will be dead within the week . Not the message I intended to give to my dear sweet husband !
 I ordered this tree for a Valentines gift for my boyfriend . It looks dead ! We will try to revive however ... it does n't look good . It looks to me like it may have froze but I 'm not an expert . The packaging is as everyone says a pain which would have been fine had it looked healthy . Unfortunately there was no zero for a rating . I got a beautiful diamond necklace , he got a very sick looking tree .
 I ordered this for my boyfriend as a gift and it arrived half dead and on its way to completing the process .
 Ordered as a gift for family in Chicago.It will not be bringing any good fortune as I 'm told the plant arrived frozen and nearly dead . Returned . Now waiting for refund . Waste of time and money .
 True I did receive my order sooner than I expected but the plant was withered and almost dead when I received it . Also , the tree I ordered was not the tree I received . I will not order from this company again and will advise the same to all the people I know that shop on Amazon.com
 Item choosen specifically for the container shape and color , to match existing decor . Item shipped in a completely different color and shape container .
 The tree was frozen when it arrived and when it unthawed it died . I would not purchase again . Plus I did not get my money back or a new tree .
 I received this item in poor condition . It had leaves that were eaten up by bugs and the trunk seems to have some sort of rotting going on at the vase of one of the stalks . Alot of the leaves have fallen off . This item was pretty much a waste of my money but thats what I get for buying a plant over the internet .
 We have been ordering Spicy Sesame Linguine for the past 2-3 years as this was our favorite pasta ! However , we recently realized that the taste of this linguine has lost its sesame flavor completely . The pasta now looks very different in color and texture and from our experience has now become completely tasteless.Moreover , the price of this pasta has increased from around $ 13.71 in 2010 -LRB- via Subscribe & Save -RRB- to $ 20.30 in July 2011 , hence the price has ramped up MORE than 50 % ! What a pity the manufacturer of this pasta seem to have changed the recipe for worse . We were so disappointed that we even sent a complaint note on Amazon , who informed us that they have informed our disappointment to Al Dente . We hope that Al dente will make this pasta as delicious as it once used to be . Thank you .
 Very disappointed . The tree arrived in great condition , I thought it was lovely , bright leaves , lovely shape , very nice . Read the instructions , followed them but within a week the leaves turned brown and it started to die . I let my friend who happens to be an arborist look at it and he could n't figure out what could have happened to make it dry up and start to die , especially that fast . Anyway , I have not given up and actually a few leaves have started to come back . Still hope it will , it really was a lovely tree . If I could recommend on looks alone , it would have gotten 5 stars . Someone else may have better luck .
 I ordered a tree to before Christmas , after patiently waiting , was finally told on 1/30 that there would be a delay until late March . Given other options I would recommend looking elsewhere , this company does not seem to have the ability to fulfill orders .
 I have many bonsai trees and am a true lover of the art of bonsai . First things first , when I ordered this tree it arrived quickly but was literally frozen . Needless to say the tree died within 2 days of arrival since frozen roots are bad for plants . Amazon was fairly quick in sending out a new tree and thankfully the new tree arrived UNfrozen.However the disappointment did n't quite end . I 'd like to point out that the second tree is completely healthy and still thriving after 3 months of my care , so kudos to shipping a healthy tree . However , anybody with an appreciation of the art of bonsai will be very disappointed by the training this tree received . It looks more like it was completely untrained and just allowed to grow naturally . This is antithetical to good bonsai and leads to a pretty ugly -LRB- read
 I purchased the tree for our 5 th wedding anniversary for my spouse . It the started drying out from the next day on . It 's a waste of money and worst kind of gift .
 I used this company because it had such good reviews , but though my tree game full of dark green leaves they quickly started to fall off . As I took the tree out of the box I noticed a significant amount of leaf-loss , but it was so full of leaves I figured this was normal . Over the next week about 75 % of the leaves fell off despite proper watering , humidity , and sun . The company sent me a replacement tree which arrived all but dead . I now believe that both trees experienced shock being transported in the cold weather . I was able to save the first tree they sent me but I would advise agains ordering in the cold weather months or paying for expedited shipping .
 Packaged nicely , but plant died several days after delivery . Very disappointed . As this was a gift . Recipient followed misting / water instructions . Leaves turned black -LRB- possible mold -RRB- and fell off . Gift was to 86 year old aunt in another city and unfortunately returning the bonsai plant not feasible .
 I received my Bonsai today , this is the third try with attempting to get a decent product from this company . The first tree sent was bare , and the base was shattered , the second came and it appeared to be frozen -LRB- ok - it is winter , but you would think that either they would take measures or at least warn -RRB- . The third one came today - same shape , beautifully sculpted tree , but the leaves are frozen , like it has been left in a frigid warehouse or something . My recommendation ? stay away at least until they can figure out how to ship these and still make them live ...
 I would give this no stars if I could , it is the second bonsai in a year that came with a fungus . First one was a Christmas present from my husband , I thought I was doing something wrong did n't know that the white cotton spots was a fungus , I thought they were mini spider nest . When the second plant arrived I saw the same white web spots , again thought they were spider nest. , as the tree was losing leaves quicker than the first plant , I asked , Heidi , a plant specialist if she had any suggestions as to what I was doing wrong , and when I brought my plant problem to her she told me there was nothing I could do to save the plant and said that is a fungus in between all branches , not spiders . Now I own 2 dead plants do you think the company would replace them with some healthy plants we will see ...
 I have several bonsai trees that I have ordered from different locations -LRB- including an olive bonsai , a pomagranet and a jade -RRB- . This Fukien Tea Bonsai arrived and looked awesome but soon started shedding all of the leaves so I was a bit worried . After a few days most of the leaves were gone and at the 2 week point there was only 1 green leave attached . I gave it to a friend who also enjoys bonsai trees because I hated that it was starting to die . I can report after a couple of months of total TLC it has started to regrow some of the leaves . I 'm not sure if it is the company or the tree but I was very disapointed .
 Tree arrived quicker than expected . Packaging was awesome . Tree looked very good . But it quickly started dropping leaves . Looked close and noticed that it is literally covered in aphids . None of my other plants have aphids . They might now .
 Although the shipping was prompt and it was packed well -LRB- was n't dried out -RRB- , the Fukien tea tree I recieved was full of aphids , scale and mites . I sprayed it multiple times with insecticidal soap and wiped some of the leaves down individually . The leaves were also very dirty and mottled/testured . I would not recommend this to anyone and I wish I could get my money back but its more hassle than it is worth to ship it back .
 Just like the rest of the comments yes the leaves do fall off after a few weeks of receiving it . However , mine came with nats/little flies that have been all over any lighting source in the room .
 The tree was packed well with another tree and they both arrived in okay shape . The Fukien looked great for a short while until I accidentally bumped the table it was sitting on . It abruptly dropped piles of leaves and now looks horrible . While I was cleaning up I noticed there were small snail shaped creatures attached to the bottoms of some of the leaves . Very disappointed , wo n't order again and wo n't recommend .
 Two days after this plant arrived - ALL it 's leaves fell off like the first cold snap of an Eastern Fall - I 'm trying to get it to come back to life ... . no success as yet - perhaps this plant is too fragile to be shipped .
 To avoid dealing with returns , we tried everything we learned to save this Fukien Tea Bonzai without success . This Bonzai Tree arrived infested with spider mites . I just decided to send an email to the company to get help and ca n't find a way to do so.I 'm hoping they will support me on either find a solution to cure the infestation or send me a healthy replacement .
 I would have loved this Bonsai . It came very dried out , and VERY sticky . I got it pretty revived by setting it in water for a couple hrs each day for the next couple weeks . But continued to be very sticky . Could not see anything on it until I had it long enough to discovered it was infested with bugs . One big sticky mess ... I have too many other plants to worry about an outbreak so I threw it out . Wo n't buy another plant I can not see first . Could have been a beautiful plant .
 My rating is actually a `` ZERO '' but I had to choose between 1-5 . I will never order from this site again . I ordered the Fukien Tea tree . My order was delayed , which is not a big problem and not why I was disappointed . But when the tree finally arrived - it was the wrong tree , I received the Gardenia tree . The Fukien has the very tiny little white flowers which produce small red berries . The Gardenia has larger flowers -LRB- which I do not like -RRB- . I was not happy that since there was a delay in the shipment of the Fukien tree - someone took it upon themselves to subsitute a different tree . Did they think I would not know the difference ??? If I wanted the Gardenia - I would have ordered it . This shipment was returned the next day . Hopefully I will be refunded in a timely manner !!
 This tree arrived sick and infested . Shop with caution , It has a great curved trunk and looked awesome until I started to realize the black things on top of and under the leafs are not normal and turned out to be aphids . I am doing everything in my power to get this tree back to health but its been about a week and a half without out much improvement . Disappointed to say the least .
 I purchased three of these Fukien Bonsai from Brussels Nursery , via Amazon , two months ago . They arrived promptly and appeared to be in excellent condition . I was actually impressed with their large size , shape and foliage . They were intended as gifts for family and friends . After a couple of weeks , they all started losing their leaves . Upon closer inspection it was evident that they were infested with some type of crawling mite , aphid or whatever . I quarantined them from my other houseplants which displayed no similar problems . My Fukien Bonsai are now void of all leaves -- since Brussel 's Nursery/Amazon will not accept returns at this stage , I 'm trying to revive them with TLC.I have notified the U.S. Department of Agriculture that this supplier is distributing diseased stock . If/when Brussel 's gets their act together , I would highly recommend them .
 Came covered in black mold . The plant never recovered even though it was treated right . Waste time and money . Should have known better than to purchase plants of the internet . -LRB- was also purchased for mothers day -RRB-
 Save your money or spend a few dollars more & visit a local nursery or at least shop around more & read customer reviews . I bought this as a gift for Mother 's Day . It arrived in a timely manner & in good condition or what appeared to be healthy to a layman . She followed guidelines for watering , light , etc. . But as the few short weeks wore on , the leaves fell off & the plant was dead by Father 's Day -LRB- a month later -RRB- . Unable to return or get refund/credit because the recipient lives quite a distance away . She did n't inform me of the plant 's passing until after the time period for returns has just expired . I should have read the customer reviews first - lesson learned ... the hard way !
 I also received the wrong tree the first time . The first tree came quickly but was also the Gardenia tree . After contacting Amazon they reshipped the correct tree . It came quickly and was packed properly . Upon arrival the tree looked good , but it quickly changed . I have , in the past , grown Bonsai trees with success . They do require attention and proper watering as well as light and growing conditions . Both trees came in ceramic pots that did not match the description . They were different colors and different from the photos on the site . The gardenia tree did loose most of its leaves , but had new growth somewhat quickly afterwards . This review is about the tree that I ordered . This Fukien Tea Tree started to loose all of its leaves and appeared to be in distress . I kept it watered , gave it great morning and afternoon light and maintained the temp around 75 degrees . After several weeks , the tree has lost almost all of its green growth . I had an expert view the tree and this gentleman seemed to think that the soil that the tree was planted in was too dense and did n't allow for any oxygen to reach the roots . He seemed to think that the Gardenia tree was ok , but not the Fukien Tea tree . He did n't think that transplanting the tree this soon after receipt would help since these trees need time to adjust to their new surroundings . Also mentioned in the directions that came with both trees . He also noticed some fertilizer beads in the soil which to him might also might not be the `` ideal '' for the tree . He recommends a water based food mixed in with the water a given to the tree weekly.I wonder if all of these `` conditions '' were done to the tree since they had to send it to me to correct their `` first '' error of the wrong tree.Even though I love Amazon , I would recommend to anyone considering purchasing a Bonsai tree to select one from a local source . These local Bonsai retailers are more interested in helping you get a perfect tree and have more a vested interest in your success than Brussel 's does.Not that $ 50 is that much more than a good bunch of flowers from a florist , you still expect your tree to live for years .
 1
 The first tree looked good , but arrived with a broken pot . I returned it without problem for a replacement.The leaves of the second tree were dark and drooping . The soil was very wet . The leaves quickly began to dry and fall from the tree . I suspect there was some cold damage during shipment -LRB- 6 days by UPS -RRB- or the soil was just too wet . Since I 've read that the Fukien Tea may loose it 's leaves , I 've kept the soil moist and have been waiting for it to releaf . The small branches have become brittle , so there 's not much hope . The return window is open for another two weeks . Should the tree perk up by then , I 'll provide an update.It would have been a nice looking tee . I do n't recommend ordering in winter .
 I recieved this little tree in the mail with quite a few brown and dying leaves . The flowers soon died off as well . The tree does have good form though , so we 'll have to see if it actually survives.It 's dead now !!! It looks like it did n't make it ... I returned it to Amazon and they gave me a refund . Soil did not allow water to enter even after a complete soaking . So I packed the twig back into the box and the UPS guy came and took it away for free . Now I have to clean the hundreds of dead leaves off of my floor .
 I received this tree as a gift for Christmas and it had fewer and smaller leaves than pictured and a very different container . It immediately lost nearly all its leaves , which I 've read is typical when relocated , but never recovered and finally died several months later , despite following the instructions.I do n't recommend this tree , especially since it was recently selling for nearly twice what we paid around the holidays .
 received promptly & very well packed ... looked good upon arrival -- albeit younger , smaller , & scawnier than advertised/pictured ... but suddenly turned brown and started losing leaves within the first 24 hours ... dehydrated or frozen in transit ? soil seemed poor -- maybe too * much * drainage ? seemed hydrophobic and disinclined to wet ... also , leaf and bark seemed uncharacteristic for a black olive , but that is probably just my ignorance showing ... shipping right to our front door was great , but having to ship it back involved some hassle ... Amazon was exceptionally good about processing the return
 I received this about the same time I received two other bonsai from Amazon , the other two were very nice , but this one did not look well to start and has gone downhill since.update 10-30-08So I had purchased this item and it arrived well pack but struggled for about 4-5 months then all of a sudden there was new growth everywhere , and then little flowers . I was amazed of the fast growth and now there are olives starting to grow . All I can say if yours is struggle , give it time , fertilizer , water and sunlight and it should come back ...
 This is a beautiful tree . Perfect limbs , perfect trunk to height ratio , even had 3 bunches of olives on it , they died within a day , still its a very nice tree . Only problem is that it had lost lots of leaves during transit and continues to lose around 20 leaves every day . I have only had it for about a week or so and it will most likely be dead within the next week or so . Its sad , because it was such a nice little tree .
 I received the bonsai in 3 days as promised . However , the tree is only about 8 inches tall -LRB- not 10 to 14 inches as stated -RRB- and the pot is a 6 inch round bowl -LRB- not 10 inch rectangular glazed pot as stated -RRB- . I am very disappointed and will never buy trees from this seller again .
 I was so excited to receive my bonsai . it took over 2 weeks to receive , which was very disappointing . When i finally got it , it was packed very well , but that is where the good news ends . my bonsai is about 7-8 inches high , including the pot , not 10-14 as stated in the decription . i was also disappointed with the pot it was grown in , not the beautiful turquoise one in the picture . too expensive for what i received . you need to update the description so people do not think they are getting something they are not.I will not purchase from this seller again.giving this 2 stars is generous . i could have baught this bonsai locally .
 Well . . its cinnamon . Thats really all . I dont know howthey are considered stix cause its more like a flat pieceof bark . I cant use it for what i needed to .
 There was no llist of ingredients . I thought that was a requirment for the US.As you can see the bottle is only 3/4 full , and I can not taste any lemon . It tasteslike garlic powder with pepper . At least it did n't contain salt .
 Good thing I like garlic powder because it will get used . However , I paid what I consider to be a high price for this product because it claimed to have lemon/pepper in it . I thought the garlic base was a good idea and a good substitute for all the salt in other lemon/pepper seasonings . But I expected , from the label , that there would be the taste of lemon and pepper . If you like garlic , this is okay although not really that garlicky either . If you like lemon pepper , this wo n't do it for you . There is zero lemon or pepper taste in this product , and I have verified this with several family members . I only rated it even 1 star because you have to click on at least 1 star to put in a review .
 First , I was expecting that they would fill it up to the top , but apparently they filled it 1/3 all the way up.Shipping also cost about 3.50 . about the same price as the product . Another complaint is that it 's mostly filled with GARLIC ! , and barely any lemon peels . Once you open the container , it smell dramatically like garlic powder , no lemon scent at all !!! Your basically buying garlic powder . I felt conned . . = -LRB-
 Incorrect item sent to gift recipient which necessitated repackaging the item and traveling to a post office.Poor customer service .
 I am a HUGE fan of Suddenly Salad Classic . In fact , I probably make it 2-3 times a week . I often add things in like cheese , or sunflower seeds - I 've tried it and loved it all.Sooooo , I thought why not try a different flavor ? That was a terrible idea.I should be clear that I am in love with bacon . I could eat it for nearly any meal . This tasted like imitation bacon flavored dog food as opposed to a refreshing bacon/ranch blend . I mean to tell you , it 's as if you are eating something that is ransid and synthetic all at the same time.I rarely find any foods I do n't like . I am a gourmet eater , I love all kinds of flavors , textures , etc. . This was hell on earth.I do n't understand it . It 's just a pasta salad . Ranch = safe . Bacon = safe . Pasta = safe . This combination should be ... safe.Don ' t waste your money , or risk your health . If you are interested in something like this , I suggest the following : Boil 8 cups of water . Cook one pound of pasta . Drain , and rinse with cold water . Blend in 1 to 1.5 cups of ranch dressing . Mix in chopped up bacon -LRB- made in advance -RRB- . Then stir in whatever else you want -LRB- peas , celery , etc. -RRB- . As far as Suddenly Salad Classic , that is really refreshing and tasty . Go for it !!!
 We tried this a couple times , but we have a SUBSTANTIAL preference for the Kraft Bacon Ranch Pasta Salad . It 's the same idea as this , but for some reason the Betty Crocker Suddenly Salad gave our family upset stomachs both times we tried it . In fact , my kids started calling it `` Suddenly something down your leg '' , which is what it is known as to this day in our house . The sad part is the Kraft version is MUCH harder to find , but definitely superior . Check out the Kraft one - more delicious and less crampy results .
 It is marketed as spicy and frankly it 's not only not spicy but it 's quite bland . I have fond memories of Buffalo Bills Shredded Jerky as a kid . This completely failed to meet my expectations .
 i like the spicy jerky very much but the amount in each cannister was poor and was not worth the money i paid
 I decided to try this `` shredded jerky '' because Buffalo Bills country cut jerky is really great and I kinda wanted the cans to put some of my country cut jerky into . Well the cans are rather tiny and the jerky inside is very very salty . It 's not really shredded , it 's more like dust . Once you start chewing it - after getting over the saltiness , most of it turns into a wad of unchewable fat.Each little can will give you about 5 or 6 pinches of jerky dust , and you will spit out about 65 % of that . I will not buy this product again . I will stick to their country cut mild , spicy , or chipotle habanero flavors .
 This product was not as expected . It is a fuzzy product and is mostly dried fat . I mean it looks like the stuff they would clean off the machines after a day of processing beef jerky . I did not identify much meat in this stuff . It is very salty as well .
 If you like REAL chew like I do , I love to pack it in my lip and use it like you would dip . Then this is not for you , this has such big hard chunks in it that 's it completely not enjoyable to have in your lip and you might as well just chew it like regular beef jerkey.I am completely dissatisfied with this product and am going to just toss it in the trash can .
 This product is horrible and not as described . I love shreded beef jerky and that that 's what I was getting but this is more junks of jerky mixed in with some shreded . I would not recommend this to anyone who actually wants shreded jerky because that 's not what this is .
 Even worse than the `` spicy '' type . I will at least eat the other flavors but this , I gave it away .
 Way too sweet . NOT spicy at all . Is jerky dust . Would have kept if slightly larger pieces and had an actual spicy taste , Sent back .
 Shipping is terrible . I 've paid for 24 cans of this chew to arrive in two days -LRB- due friday -RRB- and it arrives the following week monday ! But on top of that , it seems that there are a few cans that have less than others . Not worth the money .
 dry with not much flavor , returned it . a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a
 This was the most flavorful jerky I have eaten , but all 12 of the containers were less then 1/2 full . It took 2 to make almost 1 . I would like to try it again , but I would be wondering if I would get the same amount . It said on the package .44 oz it was not close .
 Shredded jerky from other brands is so good because of the intense flavor as soon as you take a bite . This is n't shredded , its chunky , its full pieces of small jerky , it 's very disappointing compared to other brands . I do n't know if they just do n't have the right equipment to properly shred it to the quality of others , but i have been eating this stuff for honestly 30 years and this does n't even come close to being the quality of anything else I 've tried.I opted for it because it had more ounces per can than other amazon brands , but it really should be called small pieces of jerky and not shredded . It 's more like partially chewed.I suppose it could just be that the first 3 of my 36 can order was processed right before they changed a blade , I 'm not looking for a handout , but even one can of properly shredded jerky along with a letter of apology may get this product a better review.This is my first review ever for one reason , I was so exited to have my own tub of 36 cans of this stuff , that having it be such low quality is a huge disappointment.If you like small pieces of jerky than this product is for you .
 Dry . Not Jerky dry but Old Dry . Taste is n't to bad and not sure if I 'll buy again . Only eat 2 cans in 2 weeks , Sitting on the shelf waiting .
 Would not recommend . This did n't have very much flavor and was very very dry . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 As I write my first review on Amazon , I enjoy sucking on the flavor of my 6th of 12 cans ... each having nearly the same flavor yet severely lacking consistency in the portion -LRB- 1/3 of a the can is `` full '' when opened in my current can versus 1/4 of the can in some instances and always below 1/2 in others -RRB- . Moisture content is consistent but poor ... most cans are as dry as Vegas in August and only one had a hint of moisture -LRB- maybe Colorado in summer ? -RRB- . The flavor is fairly consistent but to be a `` chew '' , the cut is decent size overall but far from perfect . I 'll finish these cans for the flavor and forget the variables and likely keep the cans to shred some of their Teriyaki flavored jerky in the food processor that they sent as a sample to place in the cans . That was tasty in `` stick '' form and the way jerky should be served ! Overall , not very happy so would have to give it the thumbs down ... Sorry Bill .
 Peculiar unpleasant taste with an unnatural texture . After trying one package . It was so bad that I had to throw out the rest of the case . A waste of money .
 I ordered several items from Barry Farms to make a holiday dish and my order not only arrived too late but was incomplete . I got a note inside the box saying my ingredient was not available but I would have appreciated knowing that prior to getting my order so I could have placed an order elsewhere . I live in a remote area and have to order a lot of ingredients online so I was just out of luck . A simple email would have sufficed .
 At least to me they seem unroasted . They 're very pale white - they almost look bleached . There 's no salt added and they taste like , well , like almost nothing . I thought coming from a company called `` Spicy World '' that there would be some flavor !? I guess not . I 'll go back go eating Planters . Until I use these up , I have mixed them at about 50/50 with my Planters Cashews .
 please do n't be a fool as is cost a lot when you can have it at 50 cents or 1 dollar in asian market , chinese stores or indian , also malasian . Why pay more . Search well before throwing your money away it is not wrth the cost .
 This coffee does not taste like Colombian to me . It is rather bland and does not taste too much different than any grocery store canned coffee . I was quite disappointed . The cost was quite a bit less than others available which is why I tried it but I will pay more next time to have better quality . The beans look rather dry with little evidence of oil on them and it seems to be a medium roast . I brew my coffee using a Melitta type cone and make each cup as needed . Sorry but I just cant recommend this one .
 Please , tell me Chex is kidding . This snack food claims to have half the fat of potato chips . But that does n't make it healthy and it certainly does not taste good.The stuff takes like a cross between cardboard , Reeses peanut butter cups and carmel corn , with a smidge of chocolate to tease and salty pretzels thrown in . Sheesh . The cardboard taste especially stands out.Don ' t food companies have something better to do than come up with expensive new marketing ploys that offer nothing in terms of good taste , not to mention reasonable value for the buck?Blech
 I followed the directions for `` pie filling '' and got pudding anyway . Lame . It 's nothing like the creamy deliciousness that you get from the mix in the Jello No Bake Cheesecake . I do n't care for the crust that comes with the No Bake Cheesecake and I had hoped this would be just the filling component . It 's not . : -LRB-
 Not even close , nobody cared for it , now I have a case to get rid of ! Ugh !
 I was so excited when my Butterfinger BBs came in the mail . I finally got them open and popped one in my mouth , and experienced one of the worst tastes of my life . I ca n't even describe it , but it took gratuitous amounts of other food and drinks to get the taste out . Totally not worth the $ 8 I paid , and I 'm pretty upset .
 The chocolate in this basket was good , but not good enough for the exhorbitant amount it cost me !! I could have easily bought all the fixings and done it up myself for 1/4 the price ! I was only getting it as a gift to myself and am glad I did n't pay for it for another , nor would I ever again !
 I had heard of these and thought I would try them . They were just too greasy . I do n't like the way I feel after eating them .
 This is the second time I have ordered these La Tempesta Grande Biscotti , and this is the second time they were delivered with practally all the biscotti 's broken and in pieces . These were shipped very poorly inside a large box with very little wrapping protection making the 2 units I purchased bounce around thereby causing the breakage . The biscotti 's themselves are very tasty if you do n't mind eating them in pieces . I blame Amazon warehouse for the poor packing and they should take more care when they ship items that are subject to breaking if not wrapped properly.If they came whole and not broken , I would have given these biscotti 's 5 stars .
 This tea is pretty horrid . It is finely ground , almost to the size of instant coffee grounds . Most filters will let this `` loose tea '' fall right through . Its flavor tastes like dirt , and I believe it made me dizzy and nauseous . I 'd describe the flavor as a very low quality bagged tea . The tin is not even air tight , so if you 're going to be bold after reading this review and still order it , at least get it in the bag . I would not ever purchase this tea again.I also boughtLicorice Root Tea 4 oz tin of loose teafrom the same company , and that actually tastes alright . It has a very pleasant sweet flavor , with a very very mild hint of wood shavings . Although the tin is still as described above .
 The were not good , I buy them in the store and they are really good and i only pay 5.95 I was surprise that the same item was 12.95 I through it was for a bigger size . The chocolate was melted ... I wo n't buy any more from that company .
 My son pegged it - `` It tastes like butternut squash ! '' Ewwwww . Not up to the quality of other Torani flavors .
 What a disappointment . I had high hopes for this syrup since I live the Dunkin Donuts and Starbucks lattes . However this is nothing like this . For the reviewers who claim that it was similar to these products , I have no idea what else they added . I tried it with extra sugar , with honey , with whipped cream , extra pumpkin pie spices . Yet nope , still tastes like butternut squash . Really gross . I 'm pretty miserly but just poured the whole bottle down the sink .
 This is false advertising . It is one overpriced bottle , not a case as described in the listing . Do n't buy it
 Ca n't taste the pumpkin and horrible customer service . If your questioning whether to buy this or not , do n't because you will be very dissatisfied and you do not get to return product . This is just a warning .
 It 's not overally strong , which is nice , but I only taste the spices . It does n't taste like pumpkin at all .
 If your looking for an alternative to Starbucks for your morning coffee , keep on looking ! This syrup by Torani makes my coffee undrinkable and if I put less I ca n't taste a thing .
 I love the Dunkin Donuts pumpkin coffee and pumpkin spice latte , so I asked for pumpkin syrup for Christmas and received this as a gift . I was incredibly excited , until I tasted my coffee . At first , I thought my milk had gone bad , because the coffee just tasted unpleasant and odd . I tossed the coffee and poured a new cup , adding milk from a different container , and was met by the same putrid taste.To me , the syrup tastes like rotten squash/pumpkin . I did n't taste much -LRB- or any -RRB- spice , though that may have been the overpowering smell of something spoiled . I tried several proportions of coffee : milk : syrup and could not come up with anything palatable.I strongly suggest you do not purchase this product , unless I got a terrible batch -LRB- in which case , Torani needs to tweak their quality control process ! -RRB- .
 I bought this syrup hoping to be able to make coffee or lattes at home that taste at least a little bit like Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts pumpkin spice lattes . Not only does this taste nothing like either , it is actually gross . My husband took a whiff of it and gagged . The bottle was sealed when it came so I do n't think mine was tampered with . I just think the flavor and smell is so far off from any other pumpkin flavoring out there . We ended up dumping it down the drain .
 My local Italian restaurant knows I 'm low carb , so the chef was excited to tell me they found a great low carb pasta . I was quite excited too - he had purchased this brand , it was very good.BUT ... I went online to order it for myself , and actually read the nutritional count . It 's NOT low carb . In fact , it 's HIGHER carbs than many mainstream whole grain pastas!I checked the supermarket shelf - you do n't even have to go to the health food isle to find lower carbs than this . The General Mills , Kraft , Barilla , even Trader Joe 's whole grain pastas -LRB- starting at $ 0.99 cents per box -RRB- have on average 17.5 carbs -LRB- less 1.5 fiber = 16 net carbs -RRB- . To be fair , the `` CarbNada '' brand has a generous portion size - 1.5 cups . I would probably not eat more than 1 cup at a time , so my serving size would be 12 net carbs . But still , the Atkins brand has half the carbs compared to this ! -LRB- usually 4-8 net carbs per serving -RRB- . My suggested alternatives : * Atkins has a few pastas that start at 4 net carbs . I will not eat a packaged pasta that 's higher than 5 or 6 net carbs . * Use julienned zucchini or squash instead of pasta - use it raw -LRB- soaked in olive oil for a few minutes -RRB- , cook it -LRB- like mac & cheese -RRB- , or lightly steam it in the microwave or in a steamer . It 's much much healthier than packaged/processed pasta anyway , and almost zero net carbs . -LRB- You might want to skin it first -RRB- * The best veggie to use for pasta is cucazza . You must always skin cucazza , then run it through a mandolin slicer on the julienne setting . Seriously , this takes 20 seconds . * And , the BEST low carb pasta I 've ever had is made from kelp - dehydrated kelp noodles . This one is not found in most stores , but you can find it online . Kelp is one of the best foods you should be eating , low carb or not . High in protein , high in minerals/vitamins/nutrients , and very low carbs -LRB- about 1 net carb -RRB- , and nearly zero glycemic index . Plus , the noodles do n't have to be boiled - just put in warm water for about 60 seconds . And they work with everything . * Keep looking for other brands . They 're out there . The best low carb breads and pastas are made from flax seeds . If you like the refined flour , light & fluffy breads & pastas , the best brands use a combination of soy isolate + almond flour & / or flax.Bottom line
 I 'm in Afghanistan and using Amazon to find a good deal on M&M s ; to share with my troops . After finding the `` good deal '' at Eauction my bill arrived in a separate email indicating that the mailing costs were more than the two bags of M&M s. ; This is totally ridiculous when the cost to ship to an APO address is minimal these days through USPS . This has got to be nothing less than a company screwing it 's potential customers.I would not recommend this seller to anyone purchasing from a military account .
 When it comes to junk food , I usually stick with Ding Dongs , Ho Hos , and other Hostess products . But recently my friend -LRB- Walter -RRB- recommended M&M s. ; I 'd never tried M&M s ; before , so I bought a bag to see if they are any good . I did n't like them at all . In fact , I flushed most of the bag down the toilet -LRB- hopefully this did n't harm any alligators -RRB- . Maybe I 've been spoiled by Hostess products , but when I buy a snack item , I expect a creamy filling . M&M s ; do not have a creamy filling , and they taste awful . Avoid .
 I did not care for the raspberry chai flavor . I much prefer Big Train Vanilla ChI -- even better than Starbucks .
 So disappointed with this product . Bought it online because I thought it would taste high end homemade . It is going out to the troops in Afghanistan and I wanted them to have a taste of home for the holidays . Unfortunately , I found I could 've saved money and just bought Crunch N ' Munch . This product has a bunch of un-popped kernels per bag ; not randomly -LRB- which would also be bad -RRB- but at least 3 to 4 kernels per bag . I thought they would put their product through more rigorous standards of quality , but i see that is not a concern with this vendor .
 I was really excited to find plantain flour . Unfortunately , it appears that some folks use banana & plantain interchangeably . Bananas and plantains are NOT the same things . What I ordered was plantain flour and I received banana flour packaged as plantain flour . If the difference does n't matter to you , then this is a good product . But if you really need plantain , then keep looking !
 This product was suppose to be caramel flavored . It had so much coconut oil that is overpowered any other taste or smell . Ended up throwing it out , could n't stand to have it in the house
 The last time I bought this it was good tasting . However , this most recent experience was unpleasant . The taste seemed different than before and it upset my stomach . I wo n't order it again .
 This is one of the worst chocolate coffees that I have ever had . I definitely will not buy again and would not recommend it .
 I enjoy this coffee mixed half and half with my preferred non-flavored variety , where it adds a hint of excitement and indulgence to an otherwise ordinary cup , but I have found that I prefer not to drink it alone as I am generally disappointed . It is good , but does n't have the bold flavor and depth of other chocolate raspberry coffees I have tried . Also , the grind is almost too fine and tends to ` clog ' the filter when I brew more than half a pot .
 So disappointed with this product . Bought it online because I thought it would taste high end homemade . It is going out to the troops in Afghanistan and I wanted them to have a taste of home for the holidays . Unfortunately , I found I could 've saved money and just bought Crunch N ' Munch . This product has a bunch of un-popped kernels per bag ; not randomly -LRB- which would also be bad -RRB- but at least 3 to 4 kernels per bag . I thought they would put their product through more rigorous standards of quality , but i see that is not a concern with this vendor .
 This product has two types of hydrogenated oil , artificial colors , and two types of MSG -LRB- MSG and hydrolyzed yeast extract -RRB- . The company can be difficult to deal with - no notification if your shipment is delayed due to unavailable ingredients for example . It took several attempts via e-mail and phone calls to get anyone to answer why the order had not even shipped after the estimated delivery date . The shipping is outrageously high for the weight as well . Not what I have come to expect from an Amazon related company .
 Not often do I come across such an awful food product that I throw the remainder away but this is such a product . In fact , if I could have given it negative 5 stars , I would have!When using it , it filled the kitchen with an unusual aroma ... make that stench . And , no , I did not burn it . When we sat down to eat , it had a very unpleasant flavor that left the a lingering after taste of plastic . Amazon should bundle all remaining stock and take it to the dump !
 I was hoping this would be similar to the powder found in boxed macaroni and cheese . It is not . Following the instructions on the package I created a disgusting mess that nobody in my household would eat . I had to throw out the pasta and start over .
 I wanted to start making my own mac and cheese instead of buying it , and had hoped this would work well . What I found was that it tastes terrible , I only managed two bites before I spit it out and threw it away . I guess my first clue should of been the greenish tint to the sauce in the daylight . I would not buy this again , and I would not recommend it to others .
 I Liked the cheddar cheese topping better.But the kids loved this one , it is very cheesy and sauces up pretty good too .
 Trying to deal with this company is just not worth the effort.They really need to change their attitude in Customer Service .
 Says `` cheese sauce powder . '' I was expecting a cheese sauce mix . Not so . It is powdered cheese flavor to add to a sauce you make .
 I had to throw this away when it arrived because it had trans-fat and MSG -- both well proven to severly damage our health .
 I received the product . The dressing is packaged in a plastic bottle , not glass and to quote my wife
 I 've ordered this before and this time it was totally stale . I 'm so disappointed . Watch out !
 I was expecting a lot form England 's No 1 tea . If you like the Black tea Lipton tea bags then you may like this product . I find this one very bland , mild , no taste , no color . The tea in the bags is like powder .
 It may be that I am not used to the taste of Stevia as compared with Splenda , but I did not care for this . Also , it would n't dissolve in the water . I would n't buy it again .
 I ordered 2 flavors of Stevia Cherry and Lime . I received the Cherry , but , have never received the lime 2-3 months later . I was on the HCG diet and that was the only sugar I could have so very disappointed !
 I 've been buying the Art of Appreciation gift baskets for years for my family members . The recipients were always grateful and seemed to have enjoyed the varieties . This year , I got curious and ordered myself a basket after sending several of the same out to my family and friends . Upon receipt , I was shocked at the content and the presentation of the basket especially for the price paid . I could probably come up with a much better mix with less than $ 30 - in fact I will do so from now on . I feel embarrassed that this is the type of baskets I 've been sending out year after year to my loved ones . Do n't be fooled that you 'd impress anyone with the included caviar - it tastes like salty but unsweet flying fish eggs . As a person used to the Caspian caviars and even some cheaper American Paddlefish alternatives , I find it insulting and again very embarrassed to have sent the product as gifts . I should 've known better ... I called my sister -LRB- yearly happy recipient -RRB- and asked her if this is how it had been for years , and she giggled sheepishly and that 's all I needed to know.Received contents :4 pieces -LRB- 1.2 oz -RRB- of Belgian Truffles3 .5 oz Dill Salmon Spread -LRB- Alaska Smokehouse -RRB- 3.75 oz Pasteurized Cheddar Cheese -LRB- Northwood Cheese Co -RRB- 0.95 Oz Mochaccino mix - enough for ONE 6oz cup2 oz Smoked Almonds -LRB- Los Olivos -RRB- 2 oz Wine & Cheese Biscuits -LRB- Los Olivos -RRB- 1.8 oz Chocolate Dipped -LRB- Truffle ? -RRB- cookies4 oz Tuscan Crackers -LRB- Focaccia Crisps -RRB- 2 oz Water Crackers -LRB- Three Pepper Blend -RRB- 4.4 oz Wafer rolls -LRB- Tiramisu flavor -RRB- 5 oz Pretzels -LRB- typical salted dried -RRB- 4.4 oz Angelina 's Sweet Butter Cookies2 oz green olives , pimento stuffed -LRB- Mille Lacs Foods -RRB- 2 oz Black Capelin caviar -LRB- Season brand -RRB- Missing Items :2 Pakages Cafe Comfrorts White Chocolate Cocoa MixSesame CrackersMerlot Wine Cheese - or is this for the pasteurized cheddar flavored dip?Stone Ground MustardMs . Pinables Caramel Confections
 I was so surprised to see how tiny this basket is !! I think it may be 12in height and 12in in length . It looks a $ 15 gift basket and I do n't even think the exact items or basket is used ! I can see in this picture that the basket is `` taller . '' I was very disappointed and I am so embarrassed to give this as a gift . I ca n't believe I paid $ 40 for it . I 'll probably go to Costco / Sams for a better quality basket .
 this is the first thing i have every bought at amazon that i was not only disappointed but embarrassed . it was a gift for my childrens ' anniversary . the package was not at all like the photo . the items were flat down in the basket . most boxes contained one or two items . it was uninteresting . the convenience of buying at amazon was a mistake this time . i saw much more beautiful and less expensive baskets at other stores like costco . anyway many other items i 've purchased from amazon have been totally satisfactory .
 I purchased this basket soley on the fact it contained caviar well needless to say , when it arrived , it did not contain the said caviar and a few other items they promised made up the basket . I was very dissapointed when I realized the product I had paid for was n't the product I received . This product was not worth the money and time I spent on it .
 The caviar was so fishy , salty , and nasty . Could n't eat the salmon dill stuff or most of the other stuff in this basket . Paid to get by Christmas and got it 2 days after . I wo n't be buying another one of these . Total disappointment !! Yuck !!!
 This is the second product from this range we 've been sent as a gift . After the first time , this time when we saw this in the box we were massively disappointed and immediately decided to return it , which we discovered is not possible under Amazon 's returns policy because it is a food item.Amazon should not sell rubbish like this . Do n't embarrass yourself by sending it as a gift.The items are in really really small amounts wrapped up in packaging to make them look bigger . They are pretty cheap and nasty too.I guess this product must show up in search and then the description convinces people it 's something nice and they buy it . Of course if someone sends you a gift you are pretty unlikely to tell them honestly how awful it is , and it 's a bit of an effort to go on Amazon and write a review like this , so manufacturers get away with selling this type if thing . Terrible!Two words you could absolutely not associate with this by the way are Gourmet and Sophisticated .
 The ad for this product is unclear . The picture shows COARSE sugar , not sanding sugar . This is noted a couple of times in the description , but unless you read the whole thing it is not clear what they are sending . It 's also unclear what quantity they are shipping . What you get for $ 8 plus shipping is basically one pound of sugar ... about two cups worth . I suspect there is some place where one could get a better deal .
 We purchased this for our office . Seem like someone threw the bags around before they shipped them . The bags was intact but the m & m ; 's was damaged . Then , they were not as fresh as a small pack you buy from a store.We ate them but doubt if we buy anymore.Delock
 There is way too much coating on this cracker - And I love wasabi and horseradish in general , but this is overkill . I 'm hoping that I can find someone to give them to and not wind up throwing them away . But so far , none of my family or friends like them . If you want to try them anyway , I 'd suggest trying to find them locally and buying one bag to try out first . Too bad , they really sounded like a good idea ; but , can not recommend them .
 This bottle just arrived today . I unwrapped the top , took a taste , and I can tell you that this is sad , sorry stuff . It is as thin as water , acetic in not a good way , and completely lacking in the flavor complexities one wants in a good bottle of balsamic . This is watery dark-colored vinegar . This is NOT 3 leaf balsamic which I hoped I could use as a drizzle or use for a reduction . Is there a board I can appeal to ? 'cause this stuff is improperly marketed , as I can get the same vinegar for 1/10 the price at a grocery store.Let my folly be a lesson to all of you
 This balsamic vinegar is a pale substitute for the Roland Diamond balsamic 4 leaf . Thought I would try the bargain version but very disappointing . It is much thinner in viscosity and has a much more bitter taste . Also , the cork snapped right off when I tried to open it and I had to use a cork screw and transfer it to a different bottle . : -LRB-
 it 's my taste anyway - & my tasre buds are definitly different after stroke ! Nice bottle & price though !
 This bottle just arrived today . I unwrapped the top , took a taste , and I can tell you that this is sad , sorry stuff . It is as thin as water , acetic in not a good way , and completely lacking in the flavor complexities one wants in a good bottle of balsamic . This is watery dark-colored vinegar . This is NOT 3 leaf balsamic which I hoped I could use as a drizzle or use for a reduction . Is there a board I can appeal to ? 'cause this stuff is improperly marketed , as I can get the same vinegar for 1/10 the price at a grocery store.Let my folly be a lesson to all of you
 This balsamic vinegar is a pale substitute for the Roland Diamond balsamic 4 leaf . Thought I would try the bargain version but very disappointing . It is much thinner in viscosity and has a much more bitter taste . Also , the cork snapped right off when I tried to open it and I had to use a cork screw and transfer it to a different bottle . : -LRB-
 Wow , worst tasting balsamic ever . So disappointed in it . Tastes like pure sugar . Will probably end up throwing it away .
 I ordered this for my parents and each month they received oranges . Three months worth of nothing but oranges -LRB- yes there were sometimes different varieties , but REALLY ?!?! -RRB- , and for this amount of money ! Not a nice gift at all . Nothing interesting , nothing exotic , just oranges . Very disappointing and embarrassing to be the giver of this gift .
 Unless you like LOTS of rosemary , then you should NOT purchase this item . If you ca n't make a better seasoning blend on-your-own , then I would HIGHLY recommend you purchase a good cookbook like the Joy of Cooking , and go from there.YUCK!Joy of Cooking
 I rarely write a review unless a product is outstandingly good or bad ... in this case I can say this is the worst food product I have ever purchased.Long story short , it 's a box of salt , salt , and salt with some garlic powder . I cooked the product exactly per the box instructions , and it was over-salted and over-seasoned . Many better and more economical products on the market , such as those from Goya
 Made Cajun chicken pasta with this seasoning and it was so salty that I had to throw out a huge pot . Nobody in my family could eat it . My husband complained that his tongue still felt swollen from the salt hours later . If you use this seasoning , limit it to the amount you would use if it was pure salt .
 The ingredients say
 Check the ingredient list -- it contains WHEAT GLUTEN -- VERY DANGEROUS FOR PEOPLE WITH A GLUTEN ALLERGY OR CELIAC DISEASE .
 Second item you ca n't trust Amazon calling `` gluten free '' . What do they think hydrolyzed corn soy WHEAT GLUTEN protein is ?
 Sale said 97 % off . sells in the stores for 1.69 I just ordered it and paid $ 3.77 a round not such a good deal should of been 250 % offf
 Autolyzed Yeast Extract is listed in the ingredients - that is another name for MSG . I was all excited to find a gravy mix MSG free and then saw that . Be sure to read the labels if you are MSG sensitive .
 Please tell me no one really pays this price for Pacific Hazelnut drink ! The drink itself is great , we keep it in the house all the time , I use it in my coffee , we use it in baking , and my kids drink it straight when we do n't have fresh goats milk to drink . We pay , at the most , $ 2.61 for this exact item , same brand , same size , same everything through a food co-op and I have seen it at groceries for around $ 3 - $ 3.50 . The actual product would get 5 stars but because of the price it only gets 1 .
 Seriously ?? This is a wonderful product ; I am completely hooked . Of all of the non-dairy milk drinks I have tried , this is by far my favorite . I was hoping to find it cheaper by the case as it is $ 2.69 per box at my local co-op . Please , for goodness sake do not pay this much ! You can find this product at -LSB- ... -RSB- and -LSB- ... -RSB- for much cheaper than this Amazon offer .
 The sachets come individually wrapped in plastic baggies . For a large cup -LRB- say ~ 16 oz -RRB- , you 'd need 3-4 sachets to brew a tea that was n't obviously weak . I tried it well before the box 's expiration date , so that was n't the problem . As the tea soaked in the water , it seemed to develop a faint taste of plastic . Not sure where that 's coming from . Could be the baggie it was in or the sachet , which is made out of some kind of plastic fabric .
 I purchased a quart carton of chamomile tea at a street fair about 2 years ago . I started using it a few months ago and it was excellent , in spite of its age . It had a great calming effect on me and I went to sleep about 20 minutes after drinking it . Thinking it was `` cheap '' -LRB- after all , I bought it at a street fair -RRB- , I ordered Two Leaves and a Bud brand from Amazon and it was awful ! I had to use 3-4 tea bags in a single cup to achieve any degree of strength or taste or desired result . In my opinion , the packaging is gorgeous ; the product leaves a lot to be desired .
 For anyone who is a seasoned Sencha tea drinker , this is tea is a total dud . It barely tastes anything like fresh , high quality Sencha nor even older dried sencha leaves . I had to throw this in the trash because it 's simply dreadful .
 Well , where to begin.First , I have been drinking tea -LRB- green , black , oolong , white , etc. -RRB- for more than 15 years as either loose leaf -LRB- whole leaf -RRB- or bagged . My number one love is green tea ... specifically Japanese Sencha . I have consumed many grades and types of steaming -LRB- mild , medium and `` deep '' -RRB- . I have also tried many of the products offered by `` Two Leaves and a Bud '' by way of Whole Foods -LRB- who do not offer this -RRB- . This is the first offering by Two Leaves that I sadly have to say is dreadful . Before you think I 'm a jerk , let me say that they offer some awesome bagged teas . This just is n't one of them -LRB- IMHO -RRB- . The orange that they add KILLS all of the beauty that the Sencha could potentially offer . What 's worse is they suggest a steeping time of 4-minutes . Ludicrous . Most mild steamed -LRB- which this is -RRB- or medium steamed Sencha 's steep for no more than 3-minutes . Four minutes will produce an acrid bitter brew unless the Sencha is a superior grade -LRB- which this does n't appear to be -RRB- . Even after steeping this for about 3 minutes , the taste is still overwhelmingly sharp & `` bitty '' -LRB- just a weaker sharp -RRB- . I can not believe that the people at Two Leaves have ever had a good cup of loose leaf Sencha . I ca n't . If they have , they would n't offer this.I can only assume they add so much orange to it because the Sencha grade is poor . Otherwise , why not sell it without the orange flavor like the wonderfulTwo Leaves and a Bud , Tamayokucha Extremely Green Tea , Tea Bags , 100 Countthey offer ? The Tamayokucha is excellent ! No orange flavor needed , and I bet none is needed here either.Bummer is that I was dumb enough to buy the 100 count box -LRB- my bad -RRB- . There is no way I can drink the rest of it and I would feel horrible if I gave it away to someone . They would think I had no taste in teas.My advice
 The Cashew arrived with a weird smell when eating them . I think they might be bad ... It 's more safe to purchase from local food markets .
 All drinks , hot or cold , should be labeled if it has caffeine in it there are some people ca n't have caffeine because of certain heart conditions it could put them in the hospital or worse ! I would rate this tea O , because of lake of information I became ill!Elderberry Tea 50 Tea Bags
 I love hot cinnamon , but not sugar free . The documentation did not say sugar free and I am here with two bags . Very mild taste .
 I 'm a big fan of Hazelnut , but there was something seriously wrong with our shipment . All 4 bags tasted like soap , or perhaps some kind of rancid oil on the beans . I see that many other Coffee Masters products have gotten decent reviews , so perhaps this was an aberration , but I know I will be avoiding them in the future .
 i watched a video on youtube of people at this production killing innocent chicks and was appaled!Farm Sanctuary has just released new and shocking undercover footage taken at Elevages Perigord , Canada 's largest foie gras production facility . The footage reveals the abuses inherent in every stage of foie gras production , from the hatchery to force feeding to the slaughterhouse . Canada is responsible for 80 to 90 percent of the foie gras imported into the U.S. annually.A product of a partnership between Global Action Network and Farm Sanctuary , this groundbreaking investigative work is integral to Farm Sanctuary 's efforts to permanently eradicate the barbaric practices associated with foie gras production . The footage reveals the atrocities committed against hundreds of thousands of innocent animals for the sake of a high-end pat&eacute; . Prosecution against the foie gras plant is pending.You can help put an end to foie gras cruelty by cutting the supply chain!In the United States , Amazon.com hawks foie gras produced at Elevages Perigord . Please put the power of your purse to work to stop this intolerable cruelty , and tell Amazon that they wo n't earn back your business until they stop selling foie gras.Contact Amazon at :206 -266 -1000 -LRB- press 1 for customer service , 5 for corporate receptionist and ask for customer service . -RRB- If you have an account with Amazon.com , go to www.amazon.com/help , log in and click on customer service to send an email registering your concerns.You can also write Jeffrey Bezos Amazon 's CEO directly
 In order for tea to be labeled `` decaff '' is must be under 0.4 % caffeine when residue levels are tested . A tea at 2 % caffeine is not decaff . Non-decaff tea is anywhere between 3-5 % caffeine . So ... at 2 % caffeine , this is a caffeinated tea , with caffeine slightly less than what is naturally present in the tea leaf .
 It is colored water and had no vanilla flavor so I returned it.Tone 's Imitation Vanilla - 64oz plastic jug
 This product is good , but tastes rather bland . I reviewed the label and compared it to other brands . Here are some alternative : - Orville Redenbacher 's `` Light Natural '' has fewer calories , the same amount of fat/sodium , better flavoring -LRB- palm oil -RRB- , larger bags -LRB- 3.3 vs 2.8 oz -RRB- , and costs approximately half as much since Redenbacher frequently goes on sale . IMHO the `` light natural '' variety is a more attractive choice . - Healthy Choice Popcorn is another alternative with many of the same benefits listed above , although I do n't think it tastes as good as Redenbacher 's `` Light Natural '' brand.I wo n't be buying anymore of Bearito 's , not because there 's anything wrong with it , but just because there are better-tasting options that are just as healthy . : - -RRB-
 This is an inferior product . When I open a bag of tea , there usually is a definite fragrant tea odor . With this , not much . Also some sticks in with the tea leaves . I wo n't buy this again . I will buy something from Starwest or Frontier Herbs . I can count on their quality .
 I have been drinking decaffeinated chai for at least 10 years , and I noticed that this last order was not the same as the rest . The taste was obviously different , and very very grainy . In the bottom of my cup was all the spices -LRB- cinnamon etc -RRB- that never dissolved . Something is definitely wrong !!!! I probably will not buy any more . Can you explain what happened ??????????? Highly disappointed .
 I bought this decaf Vanilla Chai because the Big Train brand does n't make a decaf Vanilla version , just a regular Vanilla version . I had two cups of this decaf Vanilla Pacific Chai and was very disappointed in the flavor . It does n't really taste like Chai at all , more like a Vanilla Pero or a bad Vanilla coffee . I will not buy this product again .
 This Chai is very strongly flavored . It is almost like hot chocolate . I do n't know if I really like it . It seems to be that it needs more milk or something to dilute the intense flavor .
 My own version of a Chai Latte was better than this
 We bought this specifically to add body to homemade yogurt . We 'd seen only good comments about it . Using less than half a cup of Nido to 42 oz of fresh whole milk resulted in the worst tasting yogurt we 'd ever made . We could n't believe it was the Nido , so tried again , this time with a scant 1/3 cup . Still horrid . Went back to the store brand , not great but certainly edible , until we were able to pick up some Saco , which worked well . I 'm not sure whether the Nido was rancid or just did n't fit our taste . It * should n't * have been rancid , being in a sealed can just purchased , and not beyond expiration ...
 What is wrong with this stuff ? It is only good for like one day and then it tastes rotten ! Do n't buy it - you 'll regret it .
 So I was so incredibly excited for this powdered milk to arrive . I looked at the reviews for this product and they were generally positive . I saw one dissenting review from a person who said they switched the manufacturing plant from Chile to Mexico and it was horrible now . I thought he was wrong and was just some bitter man with time on his hands.Boy I was wrong.I never tried this product when it was made in Chile , but I can tell you that it now tastes horrible and nothing like regular milk . It tastes like cheese , really old rotting cheese . It smells terrible , and all my buddies who I had try it agree with me . I have a friend who picked up powdered milk from Albertsons and his is substantially better . It 's a store brand I believe , but I ca n't order that on Amazon.I want to request my money back from Nestle . This is probably the worst product I ever ordered during my time here at Amazon and on prime .
 Be aware that Nestle USA recently switched supply of NIDO from their Chile plant to Mexico and the quality is like night and day . Most if not all the previous 5-star ratings were based on NIDO from Chile were the quality of the milk is far superior than the Mexican milk which is horrible !
 I appreciate the idea of having a healthy organic snack to offer my family , but clearly this is not the mouthwatering , melt-in-your-mouth kind of popcorn that one would expect . This stuff is so bad -LRB- tough and hard to chew ! -RRB- ; nobody in my family will eat it . I tried eating some , and with every mouthful I was spitting hulls in the trash . I discarded more than I swallowed . I would recommend that this popcorn be taken off the market , as it is not fit for human consumption . It seems more like the type that should be fed to farm animals or maybe used for Christmas tree decorations . I often buy organic products and have found that , many times , the taste and quality is not as good as it should be . I would not recommend this product .
 This good product is sold rancid , I was asking for a refund , and amazon.com did not answer my email . It Is an outstanding product , but when I opened the box the smell was strong , I opened the whole lot , the six boxes , hopping for have at least one good product.I used this product in the past , buying from trader joe , or cost plus storesThey do not have them in stock.The product should smell like fresh bread , light smell , and not rancid .
 This is what your tea would taste like if you cut it with Tang . No orange or jasmine blossoms to be seen , but lots of pithy dried orange peel chunks and a possible squirt of OJ , giving the tea a not-so-delicate , bitter orange flavor .
 I ca n't say the coffee tastes BAD as far as coffees go , plain coffees . But I ordered Irish Creme flavor , and Irish Creme it Ai n't . Not at ALL . You really have to search for even a hint of ANY flavoring , and even then you catch maybe a hint of creamy something , and an even tinier suggestion of rum or something . But no Irish Creme . Not at all.Very disappointing since it 's nearly impossible to find Irish Creme in any local stores , and that is why I resorted to ordering it from here and from what seemed to be a respectable brand in the first place . Only I did n't find it here either as it turns out . Blah.I guess the search goes on . Only now I have to figure out what to do with the other three bags ...
 Over half the crackers in each of all six boxes were broken . I want to spread different things on these crackers and ca n't with pieces . I love the crackers though . I 'll just have find somewhere to buy them where the breakage is n't so severe that I feel ripped off . Obviously I wo n't be ordering them again here .
 These have expeller pressed canola oil in them . Canola oil is made from genectically modified rapeseed . I believe that is why they do n't have the `` USDA Organic '' seal of approval . Does n't really make sense to use organic corn and then put GM canola oil in them . They are chewy , but if you put them in a 350 degree oven for a few minutes it will make them crispier .
 The 12-box pack we received were a month away from expiring according to their expiration date on the main box . There is/was no way my family could eat 12 boxes of taco shells in that time and should not have been sold whether to individuals or business alike with that little amount of time left to its supposed shelf life . But , even at that these taco shells were already WAY past expiration in their shelf life . They were not anywhere near fresh or fresh tasting . They were old , very tough and extremely chewy . They did n't crumble or break like you would expect . These shells were literally like eating cornmeal jerky and not a pleasant taco eating experience at all . We all just settled for eating our taco filling with a fork as these were practically inedible . Threw them all away and ate the loss and filed the experience to what NOT to buy .
 This must be a joke . The Taco seems to have black olives on it , believe me when I tell you that there no black olives in an Tacos I have ever eaten my whole life . I testify of that because I am Mexican .
 The cookies themselves are `` ok '' . Not spectacular , but ... ok . They were also under 15 $ when I purchased them LESS THAN A MONTH AGO ! Now they are almost 25 $ for THE SAME AMOUNT ! I would not suggest purchasing these price gouged products . Make your own , better tasting and less expensive cookies .
 I ordered the Choc chunk and loved them so I ordered them again along with the peanut butter and they were out if date ! I wo n't order again !
 I think these taste good but am not sure why everyone is calling them vegan . The ingredients list dry egg whites . To me this is not a vegan option and I 'm disappointed that I ordered based on everyone 's review that they were vegan . They taste good to me , but I will not reorder and am disappointed the reviews led me in the wrong direction.So , I give a low review because I hope it will cause others to read the review and know this item is not vegan , as suggested and as searched . Otherwise , if you are not vegan they taste good and I would have been happy .
 I was so excited to get these because I thought it would be a great healthy snack to keep at my desk . I ordered these and other flavor -LRB- double chocolate chunk -RRB- and after eating a couple of each , noticed that one of the cookies had bluish green mold on it . I assumed it was a bad one in the batch . I saw on the manufacturer 's website that these should be stored in the freezer since the shelf life is 90 days -LRB- due to natural ingredients and no preservatives -RRB- . I immediately put them in the freezer after getting them 3 weeks earlier . The next 4 cookies I opened had that same mold on it and after I examine the rest , I found that they all were moldy . Apparently Amazon had them stored in their warehouse for a while before I rec 'd them . Since there were no dates stamped on the cookies , I have no idea how long they sat in the warehouse before I got them.I will not be ordering these again and will be wary of ordering other food products from Amazon.com . They were great about refunding my money and I will continue to purchase from amazon , just not short shelf life food items .
 I 'm a veg who makes vegan baked goods and generally uses applesauce or banana as an egg substitute , so I 'm no stranger to fruit in baking . However , these cookies have an overwhelming fruity aroma , smell and taste , that I found hard to like and even swallow . I 'm guessing it might be the prune puree in the ingredients . Oh and there were a disappointing number of chocolate chips in them - one cookie had two small chocolate chunks . With no chocolate to compensate for the fruity aroma - 2 stars.However , I find these filling and better with a big cup of coffee . So if you like fruitiness and want something filling for a breakfast on the go , this can be a good vegan breakfast item .
 High sugar , low protein , just like many breakfast cereals out there . If you are looking for a direct replacement for a bowl of cereal , this could do it for you . If looking for a breakfast that is healthier then a bowl of cereal then go for something else .
 I bought these in hopes that my kids would like to eat them on their way out the door . So dissapointing ! These are so gross ! I can barely even tolerate them . We eat so healthy so it is not that we are n't used to healthy good food . WE always eat whole wheat and we are always eating fruits and Vegi 's . You all ca n't say that it is because we are n't used to healthy eating . Now , back to the cookies ... they just are gross . I do n't know what else to say , they are dry and tasteless discs comparable to cardboard . So very bummed out that they are n't what we were hoping for . Back to granola bars I guess . :-LRB- O and just cause it says cookies does not mean it is good .
 This is one of the most tasteless things I have ever tasted . If I could have sent them back , I would have . CAS
 We buy Erin Baker 's breakfast cookies frequently to keep on hand in the freezer as they keep extremely well . We really like the large size , texture and most flavors . We wo n't buy this flavor again , though . It was n't very peanut buttery , and just not as enjoyable . The Morning Glory and Fruit & Nut are my favorites .
 I got these because I have tried the other vegan flavor that I like . These do n't taste like peanut butter at all to me . I can taste a prune flavor . Looking at the ingredients prune puree is listed before the peanut butter . This explains the flavor issue I have with them . I wo n't purchase them again .
 We love thier Granola and thought thier cookies would be as good - not so much . Other than the chocolate chunks , there is not much flavor .
 The Java Podz coffee pads do not fit well in the Senseo coffee maker . One pad fits in the two cup holder . It makes a very weak cup of coffee . I ordered a large supply and will probably throw them out .
 We bought these for the Senseo - the ad says it is compatable but its not ! Buyers beware - I almost broke my Senseo trying to use them - The Senseo got stuck closed and I had to wait for it to let go of the vacuum . I think its because there is more coffee in these .
 The candy shipped was of inferior quality . The white chocolate tasted chalky . Not of a good quality . Expensive and not worth it .
 Who are they kidding ? Autolyzed Yeast Extract is Monosodium Glutamate -LRB- MSG -RRB- . It 's just one of MSG 's many many other names that manufacturers use to try to fool the general public into making a very unhealthy food choice . And evaporated cane juice is high fructose corn syrup but just dehydrated before being added to the soup . I admit to really enjoying almost all of Health Valley 's soups but reading the labels of even this company is an absolute must . When will manufacturers realize that our nation is really SICK and , though we are all trying to do better , needs the assistance of the people who supply us our food !
 It is really hard to describe something you have never tasted . This company does not like you to get to taste there stuff . Good luck getting your shipment .
 We buy this coffee all the time at a shop in town . They had a convention in town and they sold out of Jamaican Me Crazy . Found same brand on Amazon and ordered the 4 pack whole bean deal . It does n't even taste not close to what we buy . The beans are very over roasted and have a burnt smell nothing like we buy . My wife loves Jamaican Me Crazy but want drink this at all and bought a bag of dunkin donut coffee for her to drink . I feel like this coffee should not be in this baag and I wasted my money .
 Coffee Masters Flavored Coffee , Jamaican Me Crazy , Whole Bean , 12-Ounce Bags -LRB- Pack of 4 -RRB- . This coffee had no flavor and did n't taste like the real thing . I will not buy this brand again ...
 We 're pretty avid Whole Foods shoppers now , and have felt pretty good about purchasing organic baby food for our now 9.5 month old son . Earth 's Best brand has been popular with him , so we bought these teething biscuits recently . Today , he could have died eating one.Although I 'm an anesthesiologist , and half of my job is to `` protect people 's airways '' , one need n't be a medical professional to realize why these biscuits are dangerous . Most babies get their front teeth -LRB- upper and lower incisors -RRB- first , long before molars arrive . So , they 're limited to biting with their front teeth , and only mashing with their gums -LRB- where their molars will someday erupt -RRB- . These biscuits are great for the first 5 minutes , baby happily chomping away on the hard surface . Then , they soften . Pretty soon , baby bites clean through the biscuit with their front teeth -LRB- size of chunk depending on how far they had inserted it into their mouth at the time -RRB- , and the chunk that remains in their mouth is WAY too hard to mash with gums . Baby has nothing to do but try to spit it out -LRB- difficult at this age -RRB- , or swallow it whole -LRB- if lucky enough for it to be a small piece -RRB- , or have it completely occlude their airway . We were able to quickly fish one large chunk out with our fingers , but our poor soon started gagging , tearing , and wretched once before something resolved -LRB- still do n't know if he swallowed a large piece or if it ended up on ground -RRB- , but not before we scooped him up and tried to knock it loose with some back blows.In any case , although the kids may love these , all it would take would be one infant death from choking to prompt a recall or something . Why risk your own kid ?
 I gave my son one of these and it broke into small pieces in his mouth , within about 1 min . and he began choking . I had to assist him in order to remove it and it was very frightening for all involved . These are just way to easy for babies to break down .
 be very careful with this product . I gave it to my 11.5 month old and she choked instantly ! 3 pieces broke off in her mouth right away and I had to sweep them out of her mouth . Unfortunately , she still choked and threw up . : -LRB-
 We love Earth 's Best products , but these are simply too dangerous . We first tried them with our daughter at 7mo old . She quickly broke off nearly half the bar in her mouth . She is now 10mo old , and we still have the same issue . We can not offer these to her any longer . Too bad . the ingredients are excellent . We do n't have this issue with others such as Gerber and BeechNut .
 The ped suggested I get my 6mo old teething biscuits . I got a package of these and the barley ones yesterday . I gave him one of these . He was gumming it pretty well , with both my husband and I present . Yes , it was messy , but he liked it and seemed happy . I was keeping a pretty close eye on him . He dropped it in his lap and it got stuck , so I went to pick it up and noticed much of it was missing . I immediately looked into his mouth and saw a piece . As I started reaching for him , he had a coughing fit and inhaled it . I immediately picked him up , tipped him over , and gave a few good pats on his back which dislodged the nearly quarter sized chunk . I do n't trust giving these to him any more.On the ad for the barley ones , a reviewer raving about the product wished to start out by telling us all how we need to supervise our children while they 're trying out new foods because food is `` dangerous '' . This may not be helpful , but ... . duh , ya think ? So because one person thinks these type of biscuits are the bees knees , that makes the rest of us incompetent parents ? Hardly . Not only am I a parent , I have also been a healthcare professional for nearly a decade now.I love the company , but I do n't trust these biscuits . Period . I gave it 2 stars , because my son went crazy for them and I am impressed with that . Perhaps I 'll grind them up and turn it into cereal instead .
 My 9 month old is sprouting 6 teeth and I thought this would be great for him to hold and chew on -LRB- like a chew toy -RRB- . The first time we gave him one was to keep him occupied while we were out having dinner , but to my horror , the mess he made while it dissolved in his hands and mouth didnt help us enjoy a meal . The table cloth , high chair and his clothes were all smeared with mush within a few short minutes . I had to take it away from him . The second time was at home -LRB- where I could bear the mess alittle more -RRB- I gave him a piece to entertain himself while I prepared dinner . He was entertained with it in his highchair for awhile - just enough time for me to wash the rice twice before putting them in the rice cooker , then I heard him coughing and gagging . Thankfully , he was only an arm reach away from me . When I stuck my finger into his mouth , I found the cause to be the 1/3 of the biscuit broken in there ! Unless you are prepared to keep both eyes without blinking on your kid and use up a box of wipes cleaning up the mess ; look for something else .
 I typically love Earth 's Best products , but these are dangerous and a serious choking hazard . They break off into large pieces and ca n't be chewed easily . They are very hard ! I knew something was n't quite right when the plastic packaging that houses the biscuits has `` use only with adult supervision '' all over it . Well , yes , of course we would only use them with supervision , but I should n't have to expect to scoop them out of my son 's mouth to prevent him from choking . My husband will eat the rest as a snack and we will never purchase them again .
 I tried this for the first time today with my 8.5 month old grandson and within one minute a piece about the size of a half dollar broke off in his mouth and became lodged in his throat . He started turning off color and could n't breath . I lifted him out of his high chair hoping that might dislodge the piece but it did not . I then tried the modified heimlich for babies twice and it did n't work . Finally , I put my finger in his mouth and had to go all the way to his throat to reach and grab the piece he was choking on . Thankfully that worked , but I still am freaked out - more than 8 hours later . My grandson means the world to me and I ca n't imagine anything bad happening to him . Do n't buy these biscuits , do n't use these biscuits .
 I was definately expecting a better product from earth 's best . However , these biscuits were not good at all . My son who only has 2 teeth broke these very easily . I will not be buying them again .
 These teething biscuits are supposed to be hard enough for baby to gnaw on and not have it break off into pieces . About a couple minutes after my son sucks on the biscuit , it softens , and he 's able to break off very large pieces into his mouth . Luckily , I was right there watching and was able to retrieve the huge chunk out of his mouth . This is just not safe . I do not recommend these teething biscuits .
 Be very careful when feeding these to your baby . The biscuit falls apart really easily and becomes a choking hazard !
 At first we thought these were great because they took a while for our son to get through , but the mess that is left on his hands , face , high chair and clothes hardens and is impossible to get off without major scrubbing.Due to the size he also shoves the entire cracker in his mouth and at times chokes on it . . After a few we threw the box away .
 We purchased these for our teething 6 month old . She really enjoyed it for about a minute before a piece broke off and she started choking on it . We had to flip her upside down and pat her on her back to dislodge it from her throat . The title of teething biscuits is a bit misleading , they should really just sell them as biscuits for children who are already eating solids .
 This is the frst time I bought this biscuit for my 9.5 mo baby . The biscuit is hard n it broke off to smaller pieces inside her mouth but it didnt melt like those Gerber food . My baby 's face then turned red . . She almost choked but luckily she swallowed it I guess but it scared me . . I wont but this again ,
 Other 1 * or 2 * reviews are correct . This products is a choking hazard itself.These biscuits should n't even be given to babies . My nephew is 9 months old and according to the description should be able to try these biscuits . He is starting to grab stuff and eat more solid foods.My nephew had one and the biscuit broke off . Lucky he was able to cough it out himself . NOT recommended for babies.I do n't understand why it would even be approved to be on the market for babies . It 's more like an adult biscuit .
 These biscuits easily break into large chunks and can choke your baby . I just handed one to my 8 month old and it broke when he took it from my hand . Thinking that was a fluke I handed him another one and he chomped off a huge piece that I had to sweep out of his mouth . Do n't buy these !
 We use a lot of Earth 's Best products and are quite happy with most of them . Not so these teething biscuits . My daughter fulfilled all the `` requirements '' listed on the box , e.g. she can crawl , gums food , etc. , but she still got a big piece of these stuck in her throat and started chocking . There is nothing more scary than finding your nanny hold your child upside down trying to get a piece of food out.I do n't recommend these . They should be recalled , or at least not called `` teething '' biscuits , more like `` toddler '' biscuits .
 My son almost choked to death on one of these . Instead of slowly dissolving they break apart in large chunks . I would pull them out of his mouth whenever one broke off but today he managed to swallow it before I could get it out and it was nearly lethal . The biscuits are wide and flat . The pieces that break off have sharp corners . The piece that he swallowed was completely blocking his windpipe and because of the sharp corners it was nearly impossible to get out . Baby heimlich did not work . I had to stick two fingers all the way down his throat , carefully dislodge it and pinch it between my fingers to get it out . He is 13 months and eats all kinds of crackers and other solids . These should be taken off the market .
 My 1 year old has choked on these biscuits - he is old enough to feed himself cereal pieces , baby mum-mums , etc. but choked within 1 minute of eating these biscuits . They are hard enough that when they break off in a baby 's mouth , the pieces still stay big and hard rather than dissolving like baby puffs or mum-mum biscuits , and the big pieces immediately get caught in the back of the throat . I might keep the box around and give them to him when he 's much bigger , but then it should be marketed towards toddlers who can eat them safely , definitely not to teething babies . DANGEROUS !
 < a href = '' -LSB- ... -RSB- '' target = '' _ blank '' > < / a > My daughter easily broke off a piece and started choking . When the piece fell out I noticed blood on it and some dripping out of the corners of her face ! Never again ! I 'm sticking with `` Happy Baby '' .
 While these little biscuits are quite tasty and my 9 month old LOVED the first one I gave her , it will be some time before she gets another one . Within a minute or two the biscuit had broken into pieces just the right size for her to choke on . These are not the sort of teething biscuits I was looking for .
 My son is 5 months old and teething -LRB- no teeth yet -RRB- . The first and second time we gave him these biscuits , they broke into several pieces within about 20 minutes , one time leaving a big chokeable piece in his mouth . I think they are too thin and not sturdy enough to be used for gumming/sucking .
 My 10 month old has two teeth coming in on top and three on the bottom . He eats cheerios , gerber puffs , soft cooked vegetables and ripe fruit with very little problem . I tried the Earth 's Best barley biscuits because he is prone to food allergies and I wanted to avoid wheat . Every time I gave him one of these biscuits -LRB- 3 times -RRB- he was able to bite off too big a piece and gagged , not to the point of actually choking , but enough to send me into a panic watching him struggle and turn red . They do n't seem to dissolve in his mouth fast enough . On the upside they taste good without being overly sweet . I think they are better suited for a little older babies who have more teeth and have really mastered chewing . I will try the Mum Mum rusks as a previous review suggested .
 Please be very careful of this buscuit , it is too thin , a baby biscuit is supposed to be hard and melt upon contact and not be breaking off in chunks enough to choke the baby . Just the thin look was scary to me and was later confirmed.Looks more suitable to a toddler .
 My daughter is 10 months old and she almost choked yesterday when trying these cookies . She had been chewing for less than five minutes when a big piece broke and got stuck in her palate . We were able to retrieve it but it was scary and VERY dangerous . The first box I got at Whole Foods contained several cookies that had broken into pieces , I should have known better . Do not use this product if you have a young baby as it is extremely dangerous .
 These biscuts are not safe . My 11 month old was able to break off a huge piece and started choking on it . Thankfully we were able to get it out in time . Not worth the risk . Do not use these .
 I gave one of these to my 1-year old who only has 2 teeth but is teething like crazy . Less than 2 minutes later a piece over an inch long broke off in her mouth . I pulled it out and she was fine , but I did n't expect it to break that easily . She obviously loved the taste and feel because she grabbed the rest and started in again . They are incredibly messy but seem to serve their purpose . Definitely do n't give these unsupervised , though .
 I gave one of these to my 9 month old -LRB- with 9 teeth albeit ! -RRB- last night , and he choked !! Of course I assumed they 'd dissolve like other teething biscuits and did n't try it for myself first . Thankfully I was right there and by the time I had flipped him over and got him in position to try and get it out , he started coughing and crying , but I hate to think what could have happened if I could n't get it out ! If your baby already has teeth and can break pieces off - buyer beware . I tried it for myself afterwards and these do not dissolve very well . It took a while for me to dissolve it . I agree with a previous reviewer , all it 's going to take is one death , and these will be pulled off the shelf . Thankfully my baby was n't that statistic last night , but very well could have been .
 A piece of this biscuit broke off and got stuck to the roof of my 6 month old grandson 's mouth . He was gaging , but I could n't feel anything in his mouth . It was terrifying ! I finally swept my finger aggressivley in his mouth and found it stuck to the roof of his mouth . This product should be taken off the market .
 These are the worst teething biscuits that I have bought ! Huge chunks break off , unlike other , better quality biscuits you can find , like Gerber . Even for kids who are bigger and can chew stuff up better , the pieces are still too large to be trusted at all . Do not trust at all .
 The first time I gave one of these to my 10 month old , she was already eating cheerios , graham crackers and rice rusks . The crumbs got everywhere . She was able to bite off such a large chunk of the biscuit that I had to sweep it out of her mouth because she had difficulty chewing it and it did not seem to be breaking up or dissolving like the rice rusks . I continued to let her have the rest of the biscuit and the same thing happened again . I finally had to throw out the biscuit . I should have thrown out the whole box . A few weeks later our nanny gave her one of these under supervision while she was in her high chair . It broke off into a couple pieces , one of which got lodged in her throat . She went from coughing to gagging and not breathing as her panicked face turned from scarlet to purple . Fortunately , the piece dislodged itself before our nanny had to do any back blows or CPR . We stopped buying the rice rusks because of all the bad stuff that 's been doing on with food products from China , but we 'll be going back to the baby mum mums .
 This is more useful as a dog biscuit . It is very hard , which ok , if it stays in one piece it 's good for teething . But as many other reviews say , when they suck and gnaw on it , it becomes soft enough that VERY large pieces break off and remain in their mouth . And these big pieces , once in their mouth is still hard enough that there 's no way they can chew with their gums only . Just eat one yourself . This is just downright dangerous . Why would you anyone create a product like this for kids ??? If you bought this , please just eat these yourself and not give it to your kids .
 I chose these as a substitute for zwieback toast , which has apparently been discontinued . Gerber makes a very similar teething biscuit , but after comparing both , I found Earth 's Best to be much healthier . My son LOVES these biscuits , but I will be throwing the rest of them away . For the second time today , he broke off a piece larger than a quarter after sucking on the biscuit for only about a minute . My son is eleven months old and does great with chunky food , but there is no way he would be able to chew these hard biscuits with his gums . I am thankful that I do watch him like a hawk when he eats anything , because this product is dangerous ! I will not let my son have these again .
 These biscuits are very healthy , but break very easy . My seven month old only has one tooth , and within two minutes of her chewing on these they break ! Major choking hazard ! I would NOT recommend these biscuits.I love all of the other Earth 's Best products though ...
 This is only 1.54 in Target , are you kidding me ? Twenty some dollars for the teething biscuits , am I buying gold biscuit .
 This is okay but I do n't think I 'd buy it again . I was looking for a low carb chai and this is n't all that . Plus I was expecting bigger cans and it tasted really watered down no matter how many scoops you added .
 Flavor is bland needed to nearly double the amount to get it where I liked . Warning as well product has Maltodextrin its the equivalent of sugar for diabetics . Will not buy again may be fine for those who like there Chai with a weaker flavor
 Disclaimer
 When purchasing this item from Amazon , I thought that the product was a powder base for a chicken gravy . I followed the instruction on making the gravy but I had to add more mixture . Not very happy with this purchase .
 I 'm again disappointed that these `` healthy '' alternatives contain hidden MSG which is VERY bad for your brain and proven to be so .
 A couple years ago I bought a case each of the chicken and beef . I came to Amazon today to refill my supplies and was just shocked at the price . Come off it , already ! It 's MORE than twice what I 'd pay at any grocery store in town.It 's a great product . I use it all the time . I would not buy it Amazon though - the price is so inflated that I 'm just flabbergasted . What a rip off .
 I was really excited by Better Than Bouillon . Especially when making risotto , I have been searching for a good chicken bouillon to make life easier.Preparing it is very simple , and the jar sits easily in the fridge.The taste is , however , lack luster . I found myself adding extra just to get any real flavor , and even then , there was no strong chicken taste . Did n't serve to heighten the flavors , or add aroma.Given the high price -LRB- and the Amazon price is higher than in many stores -RRB- , this is n't worth it . Knorr 's very salty bouillon is still better .
 This honey has a very sugary taste.The original honey got from bee hive is mild.It is my personal experience.I am not satisfied with the quality .
 Six pretty little bags in a box . No packing , no padding . Six pretty little bags of cookie crumbs . If you manufacture ice cream you should contact this vendor . This cookie crumbs would be very nice if mixed in with vanilla or even chocolate ice cream . A creative person might even salvage their purchase by sprinkling the crumbs over a desert . Whoever it is selling this stuff should be ashamed .
 This may be better than a bouillon cube , but it 's still not great . This Better Than Bouillon is n't absolutely terrible for straight stock but if you try to then use that stock to make sauces or demi-glazes , instead of getting a richer flavor , ugh , they just get saltier and saltier and saltier as the reduction occurs . Do yourself a favor and pay a little more for Minor 's .
 Since Amazon did n't post the nutritional value of this product , here it is , straight from the back of the label : Serving size - one teaspoon -LRB- 6 gm -RRB- : Calories - 10Total fat - 0.5 gmSodium - 710 mgTotal carbohydrate - 1 gmProtein - 1 gmThe numbers do not begin to give you an idea of just how salty this stuff is ! If you put a small sample in your mouth , you can feel and taste the individual salt grains.I looked on the back of a can of Morton salt - 1.5 gm of Morton iodized salt has 590 mg of Sodium , which comes down to 393.33 mg of Sodium per 1 gm of table salt.Which means that this `` Better than Bouillon '' Beef flavor has 1.8 gm of table salt per 6 gm -LRB- teaspoon -RRB- serving size , which means that SALT is the single largest ingredient in this product.The beef flavor is pretty decent , but it is just overwhelmed by the salt.Sorry , but for people that ca n't take or do n't like so much salt in their diet , this stuff wo n't work .
 I was so excited to find this product . I have used the beef and chicken . Both have very nice flavor but can be too salty if you use too much . My main reason for buying these was because they were suppose to be MSG free . Silly me , I saw msg free on the label and did n't even pay attention to the ingredients . Two of the ingredients are just another name for MSG ! Autolyzed yeast and Hydrolyzed protein . What a bummer . I have major health issues and try to avoid msg at all costs . I will not be purchasing these again . In fact the jars I have in the house now will be tossed . It is n't worth the health issues ! I would like to find a bouillon product that does n't contain any hidden msg .
 Boy did I feel silly when I found this exact item at a specialty store downtown for $ 5.00 . I paid $ 11.45 on Amazon.Buyer BEWARE !
 Typical of the US food industry , they have to pack the product full of salt . By the time you you get the saltiness diluted out all the flavor is diluted out .
 Very salty and not as much protein as I would have hoped for . Not sure I will buy again . I was hoping for a very rich reduced beef sauce , to be used as a soup . May need to make my own .
 I 've tried to use this product for several dishes including au jus , beef barley soup , roast beef , beef gravy and others.The S A L T gets in the way and the results are most often an off-beef flavor.If you try to `` thin '' the beef base with more liquid you end up with athin salty hardly beef flavored anything . Most notable flavor is celery followedby onion followed by garlic and then maybe the beef .
 I am shocked this received such great reviews . My husband came home with this when I asked him to pick up beef bouillon , said he could n't find my normal stuff . I looked at the directions , and plopped it in my saute pan filled with my steak and ale pie ingredients . Before I put it in the oven , I figured I would taste it . Holy salt ! All I could taste was salt . I grabbed the jar to see the ingredients , and low and behold , 680mg of sodium per teaspoon . I had to dump out half the liquid and add more beef broth and beer to balance it out . I will never buy this again .
 I ordered a case of these cookies and thought it would be something my cookie monsters would love but they sat around for a very long time and only slowly got eaten . I think I actually gave away some of them just to not through them out ! Sorry to say , they were not a big hit with the family . I would not recomend this product because if my cookie monsters did n't goble them up yours probably wo n't either !
 When I used this Ham Base to make soup it left a scum layer that did not dissolve and I had to try and skim it off the soup . I tried contacting the company twice before leaving this review and they never responded . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 thanks for ruining our christmas ham gravy . seal not broke and lid tight BUT LEAKING VERY BADLY . TOO EXPENSIVE TO BE TREATED LIKE THIS .
 When this product arrived I opened the box and it smelled like the product andthe jar was all greasy.I could not tell if was from the jar itself or if itcam from a case that had a broken jar in it.It looked like it was sealed butit did not pop when I opened it.This does not make me comfortable with using it.Need I say more.Do you want a satisfied customer ? Or not .
 I bought this item , and when it arrived , the lid was loose on it , even tho it still had the plastic around the lid of the jar . The jar was greasy and you could tell that it had been leaking out of the jar .
 I ordered this fruitcake from Amazon as a Christmas gift to some folks in Connecticut . They love fruitcake . They opened it Christmas day and served it with Christmas dinner . It was horrible . As dry as toast , no flavor , it could not be salvaged and eventually got tossed . I spent over $ 40 , they had a horrible gift from me and just feel very bad about this ` fancy ' fruitcake from Ireland .
 This Christmas Cake was very disappointing . It was very dry and crumbly . I would not purchase again . Not at all what I 'd expect from Food Ireland .
 It came to me already opened . I toss it in the garbage . I wo n't be buying these kind of products online .
 Did n't taste like I thought it should . Kinda awful . It went into the garbage .
 I purchased this product with anticipation of a great seafood base for soup and stews . It was late and after 2 weeks of waiting I contacted seller . Janet the rep asked if my address was correct and to check it first . I have used the same address for 3 years and it was not the problem but Fed Ex was ! I let her know they simply had not delivered my package and that wasnt the first time . I wish the vendors let you know at time of purchase who delivers for them . I would not use Fed Ex , they used to have such terrific service but now there are News reports on how bad the service is lol ! Anyway she stated that she would send out another one 2 day air , about a week later the original finally showed and no confirmation asked he simply handed it to me and dashed off . The directions say dissolve 1 teaspoon lobster base in 8oz of boiling water . For each quart of stock needed use 11/2 tablespoon . They claim they use 1/3 less sodium , now mind you it contains 680mg per serving size !! Thats an unbelievable amount of salt . It had my head swimming from dizziness . The ingredients dont list tomato but when you get past all the salt you taste tomato and not lobster in my opinion . I would probably have to use much more base to get any seafood flavor but am very concerned about that much salt in my familys food . I would not purchase this again considering all the trouble I went through and I could have bought it locally for half the price but the seafood bases are a little harder to find in my neighborhood . One more thought and I am done . Food vendors should automatically be required to list all nutrition facts . This was an all around wasted holiday effort for me and I 'm sorry to say I was disappointed .
 We had n't been able to find our favorite lobster base at Surfas , LA. . They 've been out of stock since the first of the year . So , following the reviews here , I bought a jar of Better than Boullion lobster bast , $ 6.19 at Bristol Farms . Tasted it
 I bought this to try and shortcut a lobster stew recipe . It was horrible . It is so salty all you can taste is salt - like the tinny salt taste in canned soup . I read the reviews about the sodium content , but figured I would compensate with the other ingredients in the recipe . I put no other salt in the stew , and still all I could taste was salt - but more importantly , no lobster flavor whatsoever . It was worth a shot , I guess , but I will throw the rest out .
 This product is way too salty . I will be throwing it away . Very disappointed . I would give it zero stars if I could .
 I bake cakes for a living an I had someone want the whipped icing an I thought I would try it out an the instructions dont explain enough . An the icing never got stiff enough to pipe the cake . This is the worst product !!!!
 Tasted like a couple of pieces of toast . Anyone who likes bagels should stay away from these .
 Buyer beware . Although there 's no MSG , this contains hydrolyzed vegetable protein . Because of high levels of glutamate , people sensitive to MSG should avoid hydrolyzed vegetable protein -LRB- ref . Health Canada , 2009 -RRB- .
 I am a vegetarian . I do not eat a lot of mass-produced food . But there are times when you need ready-made stock . I am not on a low-sodium diet and I like salt.This is an extremely salty product with a dominant metallic aftertaste that can make food unpalatable . It ruined a fresh tomato soup recently . It has a very weird taste .
 hydrolyzed soy protein = a form of MSGDo a quick google search on it . There has been controversy involving the FDA about companies advertising `` no MSG '' or `` no added MSG '' when really the MSG is just given a different name under the ingredient listings .
 Even I was fooled into buying this organic vegetable paste -LRB- made from seasoned , concentrated vegetables with no MSG ! -RRB- . Autolyzed yeast paste -LRB- the third ingredient -RRB- IS MSG . Also soy sauce -LRB- the fifth ingredient -RRB- contains MSG , also autolyzed yeast extract -LRB- the ninth ingredient -RRB- is MSG , and the seventh ingredient , natural flavor , can include MSG . Basically you think you are buying a healthy organic product with no MSG when in fact you are buying MSG -LRB- with a few healthy vegetables mixed in -RRB- . It is criminal to be able to market this product as having no MSG . When is health going to take precedence over profit ? Shame on us .
 I have been using the Better Than Bouillon Vegetable Base for years . I was in the process of ordering additional jars , when I read Ms Hill 's comment , from December , 2008 . I reviewed the Ingredients listed on the jar and researched yeast extract and maltodextrin . There are very good articles on line , that explain how MSG can be `` hidden '' , in the list of ingredients . The articles indicate there are over 40 food ingredients besides `` monosodium glutamate '' that contain processed free glutamic acid -LRB- MSG -RRB- . It appears that autolyzed yeast extract and maltodextrin are two of those food ingredients . In addition , `` NO MSG ADDED '' does not mean that there is NO MSG in the product . If MSG is `` processed into '' a product as opposed to being `` poured into '' a product -LRB- just a matter of a different processing method -RRB- , then a company can declare `` NO MSG ADDED '' or `` NO ADDED MSG '' , even though the product contains MSG.Therefore , before I make an additional purchase , I am asking Superior Touch -- Please advise if your Better Than Bouillon products actually contain any MSG .
 I used this product for a few years because i thought it was organic and did not have the junk common to other broths . How false that was . This product is chuck full of MSG , a neurotoxin known for its adverse excitatory effects on the brain . The word Spices means MSG in food industry , so as other crap in it , including hydorlyzed vegetable protein . This product is total fraud and health hazard . Shame on you for your greed .
 Vegetable Basewhen i first bought this product at heb or randalls , it was n't a sauce , so i bought this product , then i get it and its sauce , do n't like it as well , but i used it anyway , it is good but not the same , taste did change , if i had to buy it again , i would .
 It SMELLS like turkey but taste like salt . I would like to see low sodium versions of all the flavors - not just chicken .
 Candy came `` dirty '' - red , orange , green , blue dots all over them - And not in TROLLI brand packaging . They come in a sealed -LRB- thank goodness -RRB- plastic glassine bag with a `` sweet gourmet '' sticker on the outside . I believe that they are generic brand candies , and not the name brand Trolli 's that I was expecting based on the name of the product . I am not impressed.I was buying these to display in a candy bar for a party , and they look terrible as display candy because of all the speckles . It looks like they were in a giant container with tons of other candies , and candy crumbs that then stuck to the outside of each little candy . Definitely not good enough for a glass display jar . Probably fine to eat , but If i were buying them for a gift , I would be mad that they did n't come in Trolli brand packaging . I 'm also concerned with how they were handled before they were sealed into the current bag since they were obviously not factory sealed by Trolli .
 My daughter loves these candies . They used to sell them in Wal-mart , but they no longer carry them so for Christmas I went online to see if I could buy them outright from a candy distributor.When they arrived the bag was n't sealed and one of the candies fell out when I lifted up the bag . When I poured them into a tin to wrap for Christmas I noticed some of the candies had blue dots on them and some of them looked `` dirty '' !?! I tried contacting the seller but have not received a reply back . VERY Disappointed . I 've never had a problem with Amazon before . What a bummer
 The box may say Horowitz Margareten , but the contents scream Manischevitz . As soon as I opened the box and saw the lightly toasted matzo , I knew what was going on , but hope blooms eternal , so I tried it anyway . It was terrible , just like Manischevitz matzo . Obviously , when Manichevitz bought Horowitz Margareten , the only thing they kept was the name . I could n't even give the stuff away . For those of us who loved the HM matzos , they are irrevocably gone . Manischevitz , you have ruined my Passover !!
 Generally like the Guiltless Gourmet chips - these were too spicy though . Just did n't like the flavor - too intense . I am sure if someone wanted chips with this much spice they would probably like them better than I did .
 Bought these at Whole Foods and served them with very nice guacamole . Everyone had an odd look on his face as they chewed and chewed on these things . `` Spicy cardboard '' was about the nicest thing anyone had to say . One person said they would make nice wood filler .
 After waiting some 3 weeks for this product , thanks in part to one reviewer who , in fact , swayed my decision with the comments `` Two ounces of dried peppers is a pretty big bag . '' I got some teeny , tiny little 3 x 5 or so zip-close bag with what looks like red pepper bits , flakes and DUST ! I will NEVER make this mistake again . They even have the gall to put in the directions to `` Add 1 C. red peppers to boiling water to reconsitute - - ONE CUP ???!!!??? I would guess that not even the entire bag makes 1 cup and it is CERTAINLY NOT `` a pretty big bag , '' as noted . I was expecting luscious CHUNKS of dried red pepper dices , as advertised and I got a bunch of dust and flakes for my apparently wasted money . NO MORE ! Do not bother.Make your own . That 's got to be a better deal . `` a pretty big bag , '' My Foot !
 I really did not like these potatoes at all . I thought they tasted worse than most of the others I 've tried . I have to admit that I am a fan of whole potatoes , but I like to keep a box of potato flakes on hand . My husband likes dried potatoes , but he did not like these .
 If you have ever bought value bran potato flakes you will see the similar taste . These were not worth the money .
 Folks , move along -- do n't buy this from these people . They are completely incompetent.As an example , here 's how they dealt w/my order 2 weeks ago :1 Waited a WEEK , then called me 6 TIMES , harassing me in the middle of a work meeting .2 No one should EVER ship food 2nd day on Wednesdays -- most food companies realize this . If the shipper does make a mistake , the food is sitting in a warehouse somewhere , rotting . These people actually WAIT A WEEK AND A HALF , then ship on Wednesdays ! Then they try to blame the shippers for their own inccompetence ! 3 . The owner of this company then , after all the fiasco discussed above , send a nasty email , complaining about my rudeness -LRB- yeah , why do n't we call him 6 times in a row , during some inconvenient time -RRB- . He also blamed the shipping being late on FedEx -LRB- um , if you shipped on Tuesday or Monday , this does n't happen -RRB- 4 . Finally , he tried to claim they had upgraded me for shipping on 2nd day air , when the shipping was FREE for orders over 80 dollats.All in all , this is a really bad company . If you want headaches , then please feel free and order from these people.My advice ? Order from D'Artagnans -- I 've dealt with them many times and they are considerate , acknowledge mistakes and at least attemt to rectify mistakes , instead of denying any fault at all.One last thing to sum this up -- I ordered A WEEK LATER from Thai Food here on Amazon . The order showed up 5 DAYS BEFORE THIS DID . But they 're not incompetent -- not if you talk to them !
 I did not like Amazon throwing in an item I did not want to order . Now I 'm going to be stuck with this bag of dog food . Not worth sending back if I have to pay the shipping cost . Going to throw the stuff out for the birds .
 I ordered the Milka Alpine Milk Chocolate and the Creme chocolate , but was very disappointed when I got my package . The chocolate was completely melted and packged VERY poorly . There was no ice pack in the box at all to help keep the items from melting . I ordered chocolate from other companies on Amazon and all their chocolate arrived in excellent condition , but this was horrible . I 'm sure the chocolate will taste great once it reforms its melted self though ! Just watch when you order from Euro Food Mart cause you might get melted products too or you might have to additionally pay for an ice pack to be added to your order .
 I have recently fallen in love with Multi grain CRIX -LRB- green package -RRB- . I know ... there is wholewheat too geeeeeeeeeez ... NOTHING beats the taste of Multigrain !! Try it , I 'm so sure you WILL like it . Once you start using it , you will continue to buy it . CRIX really is a VITAL supply , that 's why I keep one in my office drawer ...
 This is much too expensive for just one roll . The chocolate is mediocre , the cost is prohibitive , and the packaging does n't protect it from breakage .
 These bozos are selling the same batch of the same tea that expired in april 2008 . The stuff is so old the bags are falling apart . 100 % rip-off . the review demanded a rating , and that 's the only reason you see a star . Actual rating is zero .
 I ordered this item , a 10 pound BAG of sour cherry Jelly Belly jelly beans but what I received was a previously opened BOX of jelly beans which were crystallized and melted together and looked nothing like the image above . In addition , the jelly beans were simply dumped into the cardboard box with no wrapper whatsoever . This box had a seal on it which had been cut through and then retaped . The external shipping packaging was undisturbed . When I have ordered Jelly Belly jelly beans from other vendors , they have come in plastic bags , shipped in a cardboard box.Since I really wanted what I had ordered , I was disappointed to see that upon return of the defective merchandise , I was only eligible for a refund , not a replacement as Amazon was out of stock on my item . I sent the item back and was surprised to see that today , when my return processed , there is now 1 ten pound bag of sour cherry Jelly belly jelly beans in stock . I wonder if the in stock item is the very same defective item which I just returned .
 These jelly beans are my favorite . The problem was that little care was taken in packing . When the package arrived , I was so excited that I opened the package in the parking lot of my office . The inner packaging was broken and I wound up with nearly the full pound on the lot ! Try Superior Nut thru Amazon instead ; they packed them right and it arrived perfect !
 I 've had a lot of key lime pies , my favorite being the one at California Pizza Kitchen restaurants . Some places are good , some are so-so . However , the other day I found this product at my 99-cent store . The ingredients looked reasonable - but then I got home and had a taste . Simply put
 I was along on a camping trip with my sons scout troop when someone brought along a half dozen or so of this vegetable blend . It was very convenient since it required no refrigeration , plus it was surprisingly flavorful for a dry blend when made into a soup or stew . Unfortunately I have to go along with the other reviewer here when he calls it a major rip off . Even for an average size soup that is about 2 quarts , two bags of this 4 oz size would be needed . That makes it far more expensive than it is worth when you can add canned vegetables at 10 oz . -LRB- minus the water -RRB- for about a dollar a shot . At the same time I can not honestly put down all of the Barry Farm products , thus the extra star I added . I have bought and used several other dry products from Barry Farms including their bouillon and powdered eggs and have been very satisfied with them , both price and product wise . Unfortunately as for this particular veggie blend , I can not recommend it despite its fairly decent taste . Way too expensive . Even if bought at a case at a time ...
 If you 're the type of person that likes to be mugged or have your purse stolen , then go ahead and buy from these people . OUTRAGEOUSLY Expensive for what you get .
 This may sound crazy but the Equal I received tasted different from the grocery store . It was n't nearly as sweet . I usually put two in my coffee and I had to start using 4 to get it to the same sweetness . At first I thought I must be imagining it but then I bought some more at the store and tried them side by side . There was a definite difference , but I ca n't guess why that would be . I 'll stick to buying at the grocery store .
 the sweetener seems to be of average quality . the cost is more expensive than at the local store . So if you have a hard time getting this where you live it may work out for you but please compare the price at the local grocery before buying . thank you for your time .
 I purchased this cookies for my sons 2 bday ... they are really cute , great party favor ... the taste is so-so no big deal ... when I ordered them I bought 2 boxes since I had read other reviews where they said that they got a lot of them broken ... good thing I did this since more than half of them where broken , eventhough I sent a request for extra care in handling them ... the other big problem was that each box only has 4 minnies , so many of the girls ended up with mickey , donald or pluto !!!
 These cookies really are adorable , but they taste HORRIBLE . I bought them for my 2 year olds birthday party , but the kids would n't eat the cookies . They broke them into pieces , but would n't eat them . I could n't even get my dog to pick up the pieces off the floor . They get two stars just because they are beautiful cookies . Just do n't plan on eating them . Also , we had both girls and boys at his party and it was a little disappointing to the some of the girls to end up with Donald or Goofy . What happen to Daisy ???
 I do n't think it 's a good idea to eat anything that comes from China anymore because they keep putting melamine and anti-freeze in things !! I do n't think they give a rat 's arse about us .
 I was looking forward to getting a product that resembles coffee but would be good for me . It does not resemble coffee at all . The taste is not enjoyable at all . I now mix it half and half with coffee and it is much better.Do not expect this product to taste like coffee , because it does not , Eleanor Potenza
 I found this product to be slightly bland . I would have preferred it to have more spices & taste .
 Did not care for the taste of this product . Would not recommend to friends or foes . Perhaps because I make a gourmet version hich exceeds the canned flavor .
 This is the most tasteless sauce I have ever tried ! The taste , texture and consistency of a paste of flour and water .
 The only `` coffee experience '' connected with this product is that it makes a hot , coffee-colored beverage . It smells and tastes nasty . I could detect NO coffee flavor , nor any hazlenut flavor . Only by adding chocolate and cinnamon am I able to drink this awful stuff , and I 'll do that only so that I wo n't totally waste my money . Please do n't waste your money on this ! I gave it one star only because I could n't give it a negative rating .
 Never received the order . Package tracking indicates USPS never received the package from the merchant , who also did n't respond to my inquiries . Now I get to jump through hoops with Amazon and Amex to get my money back . Save yourself the aggro .
 The packaging fooled me ! I thought I was buying the mixed miso . It is convenient and edible but quite spicy !! Check the words on the package mixed or spicy !
 I can still remember Captain Midnight sitting there in the uniform of an astronaut of the 50 's -LRB- khaki shirt and black four-in-hand tie -RRB- telling me solemnly that I should drink my Ovaltine because it tasted good and it was good for me . It was , after all , brown and that meant it had to be chocolate , my favorite flavor.What the Uranus traveler never told me was that they were crystals that would sit at the top of the warm milk and never dissolve . Furious stirring with a metal tool called a spoon did n't do it , nor did trying to grind them up against the side of the cup . Even using a tenderizer tool did n't work as I soon discovered that as you pushed it down the cup , the warm milk came up and out . You had to compromise by trying to round up the little critters on the spoon and that offered little comfort as the crunchy buggers did n't taste all that great anyway . To top it off , all you had left was warm milk.The jar of Ovaltine was also very resilient . It lasted a long time in our home . It was the same one . Even my father who liked the `` old standbys '' of Shredded Wheat and Corn Flakes we never ate , did n't go near this stuff.I only recommend this for those who have lost their taste buds through constant sword swallowing or that fire breathing trick.Captain Midnight , you lied to me !
 Just aweful ... I 'm vegetarian , and I 'm used to soy productsand generally love all of them . however this stuff was justaweful . Pungent with a dirty garden hose water aftertaste ... Some things take getting used to , but I ca n't even imagine getting usedto this , its nothing like the coffee taste I love.I would say AVOID unless you had this before and know what your getting.Sadly I bought 5 lbs of this.Back to Millstone chocolate velvet and / decaf mixing ...
 I was n't very pleased with this product . It 's nothing like what the description said . The pieces were smashed and torn , and they tasted like they were heavily syruped . I could barely taste the actual longan . I think I would 've been better off buying the canned ones .
 Low quality.Self Hand wrapped.No `` Best Before '' Date , No Nutrition Fact , No INGREDIENTS .
 This could 've been an excellent chocolate 2 years ago . Now it 's stale and has characteristic white powder on it . Expiration date could n't be found anywhere on the package . It was for sale in Canada only -LRB- exclusive distribution message on the box -RRB- . I had enough of these problems with Amazon - every second order of grocery item is expired or damaged . I guess Amazon 's business model is to quickly liquidate expired products that can not be sold at retail stores .
 This has a TON of sugar in it . I do n't recall seeing anything indicating the amount of sugar , or I would mnot have bought it . Fruit is already sweet . . I do n't get putting all this extra sugar in it . This is MORE than extra . I love fruit preserves , & have purchased many brands ... but none of them had this much sugar in them . I do n't buy sugar free , either . These preserves are more like a jelly . . I did n't see any fruit chunks in them.Yes , it 's tasty , but if you tend to have high blood sugars , like me , stay away from it . Any other preserve will have less sugar than this .
 The `` Natural flavor '' in this product contains processed free glutamic acid , the active ingredient in MSG . This and dozens of other terms are allowed to be listed as a cover for MSG . Manufacturers know we do n't want this in our food so they call it something else , something we do n't recognize . In addition , `` Maltodextrin '' is a synthetically created super-sugar and is very bad for your health . If you care about your health or just want to avoid MSG , do n't buy this product !
 Ok , I thought I was getting a heck of a deal because it 's $ 4.49 at the grocery store for one jar and this was listed as -LRB- 6 X 8oz -RRB- and the shipping weight was listed as 6 lbs . Well , it 's only one jar for over $ 1o so I returned it . I just received an email that indicated I returned it because of `` late shipping '' . That was not the case ! It was fraudulent because of advertising . They have since changed the wording of the description but wasted my time nonetheless .
 It arrived leaking , and despite the fact that the page says it is 6 X 8 oz , there was just 1 jar ! for over $ 13 !!!! Buy elsewhere . I love this product .
 Calhoun Bend Mill - Peach Cobbler mix ... I 'm very disappointed in this mix - I used fresh peaches too ... but 7 min . before it was suppose to be done it was already too brown & over done ... I really do n't care for the taste also .
 Way way way overpriced . I can get this same set at the Japanese market for around $ 20 . Save yourself the $ 40 .
 Oct. 14 , 2006I am very disappointed with this company-The Candy Wholesale Company . Simply because I never received my order even after being assured by customer service that it was on its way.The only efficient thing they did was to quickly refund my money when I realized that I would never receive my order.Ron Haralson
 The choclate come very quickly . But there only 4 differnet kinds of chocklate in it and also only a little box . . the chcolate taste like it standed before a long long time in the closet . . Not very nice when I would give it to other peolpel and they think I give them old choclate . . : -LRB-
 The taste is okay . It 's very sweet , but the canisters are all half empty . No way will I buy this again .
 I bought this tea because of a review I read . I do not like the taste of this tea . You get a lot more of this than the caramel apple cider which is excellent . I will not buy this again .
 I 'm a huge Stephen 's fan but I 'd only ever had the regular Milk Choc hot cocoa . Deciding to be a little more health conscious I thought I 'd try the fat-free variety . DO N'T ! :-RRB- Okay , if you are n't expecting it to be like the regular version then go for it . It 's much better than other fat-free hot cocoa varieties but does n't do justice to regular Stephen 's Hot Cocoa . I 'm going back to the good stuff .
 First of all , this sauce is really bland , which is disappointing since it 's supposed to be `` hot '' . It 's about as spicy as Heinz ketchup , so if that does it for you , you 'll be satisfied . I bought a bottle of this and a bottle of Arthur Bryant 's -LRB- from their website -RRB- and ... it 's the very same sauce ! Close your eyes and you can not tell which you 're tasting - even the bottles are identical except for the labels ! At least the Rendezvous was less expensive . If you 're looking for a bottle of spicy BBQ sauce I 'd recommend Big Bob Gibson 's or Willingham 's .
 Does not taste good . I was expecting a taste similar to a mixed coffee blend that I had in Bali .
 I was frosting two large cakes for a family member 's 60th birthday and I needed a whipped cream frosting that would stay stable overnight and until the party . Several people had recommended a &#34; whipped cream stabilizer &#34; so I bought this and used it for the sample cakes . Thank goodness I did , because all of my tasters - and I - noticed this very odd taste in the cakes . My brother tried every other part of the cake - cake , filling , etc - separately because it tasted so weird he could not figure out what it was . When we tried the whipped cream by itself , it just had this very bizarre aftertaste that was a little rotten-tasting . Needless to say , I did n't use this in the final product . What I will say is that it made the whipped cream very stable and worked excellently in that sense . However , I took a quick look at the ingredients and made my own stabilizer . I simply dissolved about a teaspoon of arrowroot starch -LRB- cornstarch or potato starch would work just as well -RRB- in a little bit of cream and then poured in into the rest of the cream about halfway through the whipping process . It worked like a dream and tasted completely unnoticable in the final product . I would recommend about a teaspoon of starch per three cups of unwhipped cream .
 So disappointed with this product . Bought it online because I thought it would taste high end homemade . It is going out to the troops in Afghanistan and I wanted them to have a taste of home for the holidays . Unfortunately , I found I could 've saved money and just bought Crunch N ' Munch . This product has a bunch of un-popped kernels per bag ; not randomly -LRB- which would also be bad -RRB- but at least 3 to 4 kernels per bag . I thought they would put their product through more rigorous standards of quality , but i see that is not a concern with this vendor .
 Very sweet in a not good way . And I 'm a sugar addict . Kinda want to get rid of them now ...
 So disappointed with this product . Bought it online because I thought it would taste high end homemade . It is going out to the troops in Afghanistan and I wanted them to have a taste of home for the holidays . Unfortunately , I found I could 've saved money and just bought Crunch N ' Munch . This product has a bunch of un-popped kernels per bag ; not randomly -LRB- which would also be bad -RRB- but at least 3 to 4 kernels per bag . I thought they would put their product through more rigorous standards of quality , but i see that is not a concern with this vendor .
 Do n't know why this is here as I never purchased this item .
 I received an email about gluten free products on sale and these crackers were included . PLEASE NOTE THESE CRACKERS ARE NOT GLUTEN FREE . SPELT IS NOT A GLUTEN FREE GRAIN . BARLEY MALT SYRUP CONTAINS GLUTEN . SPELT CONTAINS GLUTEN . YOU MUST REVISE THE DESCRIPTION OF THIS PRODUCT . CELIAC DISEASE IS A VERY VERY SERIOUS CONDITION . IF A PERSON WITH CELIAC DISEASE MAKES THE MISTAKE OF EATING THIS PRODUCT THEY COULD BECOME VERY ILL AND THE CONSEQUENCES ARE VERY SERIOUS . PEOPLE NEWLY DIAGNOSED WITH CELIAC DISEASE MAY NOT KNOW THAT SPELT IS NOT GLUTEN FREE IF THEY READ AMAZON 'S DESCRIPTION !!!! THIS IS SERIOUS !!! REMOVE GLUTEN FREE FROM THE DESCRIPTION
 In the product features listed the bullet reads `` great for the gluten-free diet '' . If you have celiac disease do not eat this product . Both spelt and barley malt have gluten .
 Spelt is a form of wheat . These also contain barley malt which is not gluten free . Please remove this claim before someone gets ill !
 Amazon claims that these crackers are `` for a gluten free diet '' . The FIRST ingredient is spelt - which is wheat ! It also contains Barley Malt . These crackers can make anyone with Celiac Disease , Gluten intolerance or wheat allergies very sick . Very irresponsible to promote these as great for a gluten free diet . Buyer Beware !
 Purchased but did not like the hard -LRB- not crunchy -RRB- texture.Not going to risk tooth damage for my familyj
 my guess is these are stale , because i 've had different flavors before and they were delicious . these are suitable for teething babies . Even if they were n't stale , they sent me 6 packages with expiration dates two months from now . who can eat that many crackers that fast ? not worth returning due to shipping , maybe i can make bread crumbs out of them ...
 I purchased these krackers in my supermarket and loved them so I decided to order in bulk because sometimes you ca n't find them in the store . When I opened my first box the krackers were stale even though they have an experation date of May 09 . I guess it is best to stick to the supermarket their returns do n't cost you in return shipping .
 Very disappointed with the product . Most of the crackers were broken when they arrived . They were nothing like the ones I had received at a conference in individual wrapped packages of 4 cracker . Not happy with the product as received .
 Be cautioned when ordering this product.What happened was I ordered this product a month ago , and was sent the flatbread version instead of the clear tub of bite-size version . I called Amazon , explained my problem , they promised to fix it by sending me a replacement.Well , the replacement came last week , and it was still the flatbread . I 'm not going to bother to call Amazon again because I know it will just result in them sending me the flatbread once again.The flatbread itself was tasty and crunchy . I think the seeds really helped to put more complexity into the flavor . You can eat just the flatbread as snacks or maybe put a bit peanut butter or jam on top . It tastes very different than wheat , and I like the taste of spelt quite a bit.So please be prepared to receive the flatbread version when you order . You may as well just order the flatbread version to start with and save yourself couple of bucks as well as having to call Amazon to straighten things out .
 I sent these to my parents for a gift . They found them very woody and chewy . The beans were very tough . Did not like them at all .
 I was expecting to like this product , or at least be able to tolerate it . This product , however , is really GROSS ! The first bite leaves you with a manufactured spicy taste that is not at all natural . I actually had to spit it out . I do n't even think anyone in my family will eat this ... what a waste of money .
 This has a bitter flavor and mushy sawdust texture ... NO one in my family would eat it . Fed it to my dog ... now he growls at me . YUK . Amazon should stop selling it .
 I usually do not take the time to review products , but I usually read reviews before I purchase them . I saw the negative comments on this jerky before I bought it , but figured these people were just crazy . I mean , how bad can beef jerky be . It 's just beef jerky . Whoever said this jerky tasted like sawdust was 100 % spot on . I eat tons of beef jerky , and this is by far the worst . I have the BBQ flavor , and there is n't a hint of BBQ anywhere . Sure the meat is tender , but it is sawdust.Please do not make the mistake and buy this product . You will definitely regret it . And to whoever described it as sawdust , you were 100 % spot on . I ca n't believe how accurate that description was . I can not think of a better word to describe this jerky . DO NOT BUY
 Nutrition wise , this seemed like a good pick . Plus I like jerky and love BBQ . However , I ca n't find the BBQ and the jerky is gritty and reminds me strongly of dirt . While `` tender , '' which seemed to be a selling point since no one in my house likes the big pieces of really tough jerky , their tenderization left a gritty product lacking in taste , texture , and appeal . I do n't know what I 'm going to do with the other 11 bags , since one bag shared was enough in everyone to declare this jerky disgusting .
 In . Edible.I did n't mind the texture , but the flavor was just ... well , it was unspeakable.Oh , and you ca n't return it once the package is opened .
 Upon eating this , I thought the package had spoiled . Reading the reviews AFTER I had purchased the item -LRB- D'oh ! -RRB- , I realized that this was a common phenomenon . Maybe it was just me , though . Who knows?So I offered the remaining packages to my sister . Her response
 Im on a low carb diet and these looked perfect as so many other jerky products out there are loaded with sugar so I gave them a shot . I bought a pack of 12 of the Hot and Spicy flavor , took a bit of the jerky and almost had to spit it out . This stuff is extremely dry and crumbly and has a very strange texture as you chew it . The taste is awful as well . It honestly tasted like dirt and was disgusting . Ive never been so let down in a product before . I dont even think I will be able to give the rest away to friends theyre so bad and will just feed them to the dogs .
 Found this jerky to be less than what I 'd hoped for in the taste department .
 Eating this jerky makes me think I 'm eating sawdust . Only maybe sawdust has more flavor . Yuck .
 I did n't like this beef jerky much , especially the texture . I do like the more natural ingredients , however .
 When I recieved this item , some of the packages LITERALLY had moldy pieces of meat in them . It was absolutely dusgusting and I will never be buying from this brand again in my entire life . Extremely disappointing .
 I 'm a huge fan of jerky and if not for the high sodium content in it -LRB- among other things -RRB- , I 'd probably eat this every day . I was n't expecting a miracle from this jerky , just something good enough that could help tide me over as far as jerky went.Here 's the thing , though
 I have tried several varieties of Wild Ride Beef Jerky and I have like all of them . Obviously some were better than others but I never left a review because I figured we all have different tastes and none that I tried would rate below 4 stars . This is however the worst beef jerky I have ever had . It 's funny that one of the other reviews said sawdust . That is the exact word my wife used to give her opinion to me . I agree this is sawdust and should be avoided . If you want sawdust go to a job sight you will get more enjoyment .
 I was hoping that a no sugar jerky would still taste good but this one does n't . :0 -LRB- It 's spicy but has poor flavor and texture.Their Wild Ride Cowboy Strips Beef Jerky Original flavor has only 1 gram of sugar and I love it ! I guess it needs just a little sugar to taste good . :0 -RRB-
 It did n't have a good flavor and was in such small pieces a lot was wasted .
 The ingredients are great , except sucrolose and maltodextrin . Artifical sweetener is ten times worse then nitrates .
 I was estatic when I seen that Splenda was coming out with Flavor Blends for coffee . I was n't to fond of it after I got it . More sugary tasting . . not as expected , Very disappointed
 In a word -- YUCK !!!!!!!!!!! Bitter tasting , not sweet at all with a weird aftertaste . I spent alot of money on this product and was very disapointed .
 This stuff taste terrible . Just like an artificial vanilla powder in your coffee ... Will not buy again . Actually , have several boxes in the pantry .
 When I ordered the flavored sweetener I had high hopes for a great product but this Splenda French Vanilla Flavor Blend falls short , especially in black coffee . I have tried it sprinkled on fresh popcorn which is a much better use than in coffee . Looking forward to other uses .
 It is OK , but is not really strong enough to do the job of flavoring your coffee . It takes a lot of this item to make any difference at all .
 Smells horrible and tasks wrotten . Tried four different cans all the same . HORRIBLE !!! The one star should really be negative
 I was very disappointed in the taste of this item . Not at all what I expected from Splenda . It is much too overpowering , strong and when added to your beverage , that is all you can taste . For instance , if added to coffee , you will not detect ANY coffee flavor , only the Splenda flavor . Much too strong . I prefer the subtle taste of the other coffee additives over this Splenda product - without question !!
 Got these because I love the Splenda products . These have a very odd taste , all chemically . It has a small `` hint '' of chocolate -LRB- mocha -RRB- but it is obvious that it is chemically produced cause it is just nasty ! I do n't see how anybody can 5 star this since it really tastes bad . Nice concept and all but , WOW !!!! , what horrible execution.Won ' t be buying this again ...
 It is so surprising that people who made Splenda Hazelnut Flavor did this one too . It has a bitter taste -LRB- in the bad sense -RRB- and a weird smell . Neither taste nor smell has any resemblance to mocha .
 I really enjoy the natural decaf property of barley tea . I normally use whole barley at home but needed bags for the office . I had brought some back from China on my last trip that I could not find in the US , so I tried this brand . These large bags are actually for a teapot , not a cup as I expected . As mentioned , the flavor was not full-bodied and so I will keep searching .
 I first began using the roasted barley to make a beverage almost thirty years ago while learning Hapkido . It is good for the heart , stabilizes the pancreas , and works as a fat emulsifier . It goes well with roasted corn to make an even more healthful drink . I would suggest buying it from a local Korean , Chinese or Japanese market . I just got 4 bags of roasted corn and the roasted barley for less than $ 9 . Then you can either brew it whole on the stove , or grind it and brew it in a French Press . Both ways work well . Adding sugar or honey diminishes some of the health benefits . In spring and summer I have it at room temperature . If it is cold outside I drink it warm . Either way is great . Try 4 tablespoons to a quart of water .
 This tea was a disappointment . The tea had a weak barley flavor no matter how many tea bags were used . I do not believe this tea was very fresh . I will try another variety .
 The item gets two stars simply because I figure my problem with it might just be a fluke . I love the mocha flavor item , so tried this . After one sip I poured the coffee down the sink because it tasted so awful - bitter and strongly chemical . Maybe there is something wrong with the batch I got ? ... At any rate , I 'll just stick with the hazelnut creamer and Green Mountain Hazelnut bold k-cups for the flavor I love . So disappointed .
 I really like Splenda , but this Hazelnut flavor has a distinctly over-chemicaled taste and just does n't have much nuttiness to it . Perhaps the other flavors are better .
 I was very disappointed in the taste of this item . Not at all what I expected from Splenda . It is much too overpowering , strong and when added to your beverage , that is all you can taste . For instance , if added to coffee , you will not detect ANY coffee flavor , only the Splenda flavor . Much too strong . I prefer the subtle taste of the other coffee additives over this Splenda product - without question !!
 I was raised in Europe , so I 'm used to Dr Oetker products and grew up on their pudding , which is delicious and comforting . When I saw this in the store in a box rather than the usual packet , I was a little confused , but very excited
 I ordered Mitsukan Mustard and Soy flavored dressing , but received Mustard and Miso dressing ... . The items cost too much money to return , so I guess I 'm stuck with something I do n't want :0 -LRB-
 These are horrible , kinda sticky , with a sugar substitute after taste too . Nutritional info on Amazon was different from that on box and manufacturers website , supposedly because manufacturer had changed cookie recipe . I wo n't recommend this product . I also notified manufacturer through their facebook page , and they notified me that they had changed their recipe supposedly . First time I tried their product , but I 'm never buying again . I do highly recommend , Kashi Dark Chocolate Oatmeal Wholegrain Cookies though . These are divine , and a `` God Send . '' Thanks ...
 I did not care for the ingredients . I have food intolerance and something did not sit well . I gave them away .
 I am pretty active in health food , conscious social circles . Buying these types of foods and supporting alternative business is important to me . HOWEVER , this company consistently markets their products in HUGE boxes with tiny cookies or bars . I think the cookies are okay , but I feel this company knowingly deceives their customers by making the product look bigger . My husband and I actually laughed when we saw how tiny these things are . Regardless of how much value you get when you buy a box -LRB- Very little in my opinion -RRB- , wasting massive amounts of packaging is inconsistent with the earth conscious advertisement on the package . For that reason alone , I will not buy these again .
 Oh am I absolutely heartbroken that these are so terrible . I thought from the reviews - so many , that these would be different than all the other natural , allergy free , gluten free , wheat free blah blah blah that I 've tried . When there 's one or two 5 star/4 star on this kind of product I do n't order it because I chalk it up to either people who never enjoyed `` fully loaded food '' but have always been limited in diet and so in comparison to the other choices , they probably are good - or people like some I know who really do n't care about taste , as long as it says the right thing on the package , they think it 's great . Me , I 've been modifying my diet relatively recently -LRB- a few years -RRB- due to severe allergies that literally make me feel like I might not recover from the reaction to some foods I have always eaten . Everything I eat since this started is like a cross your fingers and hope it 's ok , pray while I suffer through a reaction and be thrilled when it 's over , or add to the list of food I can still eat and do the `` I can eat it '' dance . Certain preservatives are a huge culprit but so are other things so it 's always a test . I thought maybe I found one of those nothing bad in it foods that I could tolerate and would taste good . These are terrible - I wo n't know until tomorrow if I can tolerate them but it does n't matter , I did n't even want to finish the first cookie . They deserve a star for being soft-that 's rare in low allergen foods . But they do n't taste anything like a snickerdoodle , they taste like a day old bran muffin with cinnamon on top and you can absolutely tell that they are `` nothing in it '' food - if not while eating it -LRB- which is obvious to me -RRB- the after taste is an absolute giveaway , just like all the rest . The only decent thing beyond soft is a little cinnamon taste but that ca n't overcome the non-sweet sweeteners that curse all allergy free products in my opinion and nothing can help the grainy texture . I 'm truly heartbroken . I want a DECENT sweet that is safe ! These are so grainy , cakelike but dry - not like a glass of milk could cure it dry - just grainy dry - must be the flaxseed . It 's better than some products I 've tried but not edible-at least not as long as I can eat other foods . My experience with allergy free food has not been the greatest so I try everything I can and some foods that are not free of everything are tolerated while some foods that are everything free can still give me a reaction , just less likely so I 'd rather have low risk experimental food-it 's just such a bummer when they are n't any good . I envy all of you who can enjoy them , I wish I could but the taste , the aftertaste and the texture are three strikes and just too much for me .
 I actually bought a couple of 2-packs from a local retailer . But I was very disappointed to find out that the 2 cookies are small . Too small in my opinion . If your looking for a decent 2-pack check out Pamela 's instead . As far as taste is concerned I was not impressed . The small size could have been tolerated if the flavor was better .
 Not so great Lemon flavor!It 's Very hard to find Soy free!This is a great Brand ! I prefer the ginger much better taste !
 Did n't like it that it felt like I was eating dirt with a bit of flavor . . I did n't even finish the pack ... for something GF that 's sweet , I 'll just stick to EnviroKidz Crispy Rice , Schar 's hazelnut bars , or Mi-Del arrowroot cookies . .
 I guess I will just have to get used to the bizarre texture and taste of gluten free items . Right now I am discouraged that this is what 's available . The flavor is n't too bad , but these are grainy and there 's an odd aftertaste - perhaps it 's the date paste -LRB- if I remember correctly - I do n't have the box in front of me -RRB- . I just ate two , and I wo n't cry if I never eat them again .
 These are pretty terrible . Do yourself a favor and use some gluten free flour to make snickerdoodles yourself .
 We know a lot about gluten free products in my house , and we 've tried a lot of GF cookies . I really wanted to like these but I 've had many better products before . I was turned off by the texture and the taste .
 I bought the ginger and apple cookies and they were 95 % identical . The apple cookies just had some shreds of the apple . I did n't enjoy either the texture or flavor much but learnt that if you leave the cookie out , it dries up and gets a little better -LRB- to my taste -RRB- . It 's a fair try but I will not buy these again . Now I just have to invite many many guests over for tea to feed off the loads of these ginger and apple cookies I got :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 If I wanted to eat rock hard , expired candy I would just go across the street to the gas station . These are the OLDEST , grossest sour punch straws I 've ever tasted . They are as hard as a jawbreaker and they taste rotten and plastic-y . Do not order from amazon ! I just basically threw $ 22 in the garbage .
 I was glutened by this product . It claims to be gluten free , yet at the same time it clearly states on this website , though not on the box , that this product shares production lines used by gluten foods . Did n't care for the heavy handed spices anyway . If your goal is gluten free , stay away .
 I have been to Salzburg , Austria , and bought a box of this Mozart Chocolate . It was interesting to get , because everywhere in Salzburg had a sign advertising this . Sadly , I personally did not think that it was very tasty . The pistachio filling had a bad texture , and did not mix well with the type of chocolate used . If you are going to Salzburg , get it only to experience this interesting piece of culture . I would not recomend , however , that you order one hundred pieces of it from Amazon for such a high price .
 Whatever happened to the good ol' days and `` Soft Batch '' cookies ... sigh . Of course , I do believe that if someone asked me to go back to '84 in order to scarf a `` SB '' cookie , I would probably retch and declare that any straight-from-the-box cookie trying to emulate a chewy , warm , fresh-from-the-oven cookie should be left to disgrace the next generation ... which it has . Enter
 I ordered 3 boxes of these , and 2 of them came smashed -LRB- they are made of glass -RRB- . Who can I call to get 2 new boxes sent ? I 've tried sending emails , but get no help !!!
 the brand labels itself as premium and the ingredients listed on the web suggests it contains only cocoa , milk powder and sugar , so imagine our surprise when the ingredients listed on the packet include hydrogenated oils . we had bought the products because we thought is was better and were disappointed . the seller would not respond to our e-mails for return .
 Item arrived and looked nothing like the picture . The items were in a tin and not in a basket like in the picture . Very disappointed in this purchase ! Would not recommend at all .
 The item arrived on time , as described , and in good condition . However , there was NO greeting card with the product . This had been defined at the time of order . There was nothing of this nature
 Used this salt solution to hatch brine shrimp . Did not work and made the water very cloudy . took a few hours for the dust to settle .
 I ordered 3 boxes of these , and 2 of them came smashed -LRB- they are made of glass -RRB- . Who can I call to get 2 new boxes sent ? I 've tried sending emails , but get no help !!!
 I only got pack of 12 but not as it was said pack of 48 , because my husband placed this order , When i got the package i just felt strange they used a so big box for this small stuff , , and I did not realize the quantity was wrong until today I checked my account . But now I already finished most cookies , and I think everything is late .
 I think they would have been good ... really wish I could have experienced them . They 've never arrived .
 I 'm the biggest Oreo cookie eater you 'll ever find , so when I discovered they make sandwich cookies I was interested however the taste is significantly different from a regular cookie . The icing is the same , but the cookie part is soft and mushy like a moonpie . You ca n't really dip these in milk because they fall apart . Not recommended for those who grew up with the dippable kind of Oreo cookies -LRB- that being most of us -RRB- .
 While my husband was in Europe he told me of some `` stinky cheese '' that he had and loved while there . Unfortunately he did not remember the name . Sad to say not all `` stinky cheeses '' are a like . This one stunk VERY BAD and tasted just as bad as it smelled . I could not eat it and ended up throwing it away .
 Amazon sent this with one little airbag square floating on top like a silly decoration . So the crackers arrived smashed and in bits.In the same box were Triscuits and Wheat Thins . Those are sturdier crackers and they survived the bad packaging.I requested a replacement of the Better Cheddars , and asked that it be protected for shipping . Well , if you shop groceries here a lot , you can guess the outcome . Packaging about the same -LRB- with the minor variation that the top of package was decorated by a 4 small squares of deflated airbag -RRB- . Crackers again in smashed bits.Amazon has the unit of six boxes of crackers , by the way , wrapped in a piece of plastic to seal them together , then affixed is one of those `` Ready to Ship by Amazon '' stickers . Almost always in the past products with that sticker are in their own box . Certainly needed here . Double-box would then give you whole crackers on arrival . Yet do n't bet on any such change in the near future . : -LRB- So in the meantime , if you like these , I advise swinging by a B&M ; store to get them .
 I ordered two sets of six boxes each . I paid for my product . What came was a shock . 2 BOXES ! YES ! 2 BOXES for 23.00 . What a rip off . Guess I should look into this matter quickly .
 I had previously purchased these cookies at Homegoods for $ 3.99 a box . Therefore , when I decided to buy these cookies , the title of the item stated `` Pack of 6 '' , I thought I was getting 6 boxes for $ 24 , not $ 24 per box !!! I would never pay that much for a tiny box of cookies no matter how good they are . This was very misleading , esp . since I paid alot less for these cookies elsewhere . I kept them because it was too much trouble to return .
 This did not have any likeness to Lemon Verbena and was very disappointing . Taste like Lipton tea to me . There is no Lemon Aroma which is one of the best parts of drinking this tea.Also , my husband hates Lemon Verbena tea and this tea does n't seem bother him . It 's so plain . So I do n't know what they put in there . Makes me wonder if I should even drink it . Yeesh.I am glad I also purchased the plant along with this bag tho , at least I can have the aroma of Lemon Verbena while I wait for my leaves to grow ... Will not purchase from this company again .
 I liked the taste of the bags that were sealed good , but probably about half of the bags were not sealed properly . The ones that were not sealed correctly tasted stale , so I was really disappointed with these . I have had this brand in a larger bag , and really liked them , so I do n't know what happened , but I do know that I wo n't be buying these smaller size bags anymore ! There were openings in a couple of the bags on the end , but most of them just did not have the air tight seal in the bag .
 I did not like this product because the chips did not taste good . They also were very soggy when tring to eat them
 First off , the product arrived quickly and in pristine condition . Bravo for that.This was my first time having Veggie Chips and I was only mildly satisfied . First off I was expecting something slightly different flavor wise than what I got . The package shows Corn , potatoes , carrots , spinach and tomatoes . So I was expecting at least that many flavors . Not to be so . There are three kinds of chips in the product ; potato , tomato and spinach.Flavor wise I could detect no difference between the potato and tomato chips . You can differentiate between them though based on their color . Potato = White and Tomato = an orange/red color . Spinach on the other hand , which is slightly green in color definitely tasted different from the others and I did n't find them very tasty at all . To be honest , they kinda ruin the experience . Granted I was n't expecting super exciting flavorful chips since these are more of a healthy food . If you can stomach the spinach ones I would say they are a good substitute for regular potato chips . They are crunchy and I experienced no broken ones in any of my packages -LRB- not yet anyway -RRB- . Will I order them again ? Probably not . But they were a good experiment . I 'm still open to trying other varieties of veggie chips from other companies to see if anyone else has had better luck in the flavor end of the spectrum . So give them a try but i would recommend finding them at your local store first before buying a large quantity through amazon .
 These contain more oil than they do any of those vegetables , besides the `` whole potato flour , '' which means these chips are made from dehydrated potato puree.They turn turn out tasting like those awful off-brand chips sold by crappy gas stations . Only a slight hint of spinach or tomato . Not much closer to a `` veggie chip '' than a McDonald 's french fry . These chips also contain more fat per 28oz serving than McDonald 's french fries.Also , their logo uses Comic Sans . Beware .
 I just got this product and the expire date is for March 2012 ! That 's crazy . Not to mention how long the product took to get to me . I ordered several other things on the same day and this order came more than a week after everything else . Will not buy again !
 I chose these to have as a light snack being that they are only 130cal/package , which is 1 oz . They do the job and they are quite filling but they are soo greasy . It feels as though they just sit in my stomach and make me feel icky !
 So , so not fresh ; they were stale . Stale . Stale . Stale , so stale . Disappointingly stale . Stale ! And oh yeah , all the bags were stale .
 I ordered the 10-bag product and only received 6 bags . Do not order from this company as it does not fulfill it 's obligations to their customers . I could have tolerated the 10-day wait for the order to come in if it had been exactly what I ordered , but it was n't .
 I would not buy this from Amazon because they have not provided the nutritional information on the package . I find it ironic that they provide disclaimers about reading the labels when they do n't provide the information needed to make an informed choice .
 I loved this item , and wanted to order , but was n't a option in my area . I would really like to order Good Health Veggie Stix , 7-Ounce Bags -LRB- Pack of 10 -RRB- but says they can not ship to my area . I gave bad review becuase they wo n't ship to my area . Alaska is a state . Its not like its out of America !!
 I am rating the price , not the product . I love these graham crackers for my children - but I can get them at Wal-Mart for almost half the price ! Ridiculous !
 Sorry but , after thawing , breading , and frying these filetsI found the flesh to be very mushy with no flavor oftheir own . I wo n't try them again .
 I prefer a more natural mustard . There is really no good excuse in my opinion to add yellow food coloring to mustard . Do I really need to see a bright yellow to help trick my brain for improved taste ? I think not . I encourage you all to read up more on Yellow 5 before buying this product .
 I 've only had Kim Chee purchased already prepared and jared ... and I love it . But the one brand is my only reference , When I prepared this package it was n't close to the flavor I was used to . I 've tried 2 packages and varied the amount of salt in the presoak ... which changed the flavor a lot , so I 'll try again , but my hopes are n't real high .
 We did not like this pop corn at all . It is tasteless ! There are other popcorns without butter that are much better .
 Excessive kernals in bag after popping . Only pops about a quarter of the bag . I have ordered this product many times before and never had such a bad experience with quanity in the bag . I wrote to the co. and received NO RESPONSE from them .
 Updated Review
 Black popcorn was recommended to me by a friend . She swears that this popcorn is better than any other . However , I did not like it at all . I am not saying the product is not good ... I am saying it is not my personal preference.I have had good luck with Amazon products but I just did not like this one .
 I made a pound of baby octopus and used this mix to make tako poke . It did n't turn out at all like the tako poke I 've had in Honolulu with my `` local boy '' husband . I would recommend that when preparing this with tako -LRB- octopus -RRB- that you add only a little at a time and add extra flavors such as onions , tomatoes , soy sauce , rice vinegar and a bit of sugar ; also the amount of sesame oil is too much for the tako . It 's overpowering -LRB- maybe it 's because it does n't absorb the flavors like ahi tuna does -RRB- . I 'd start with maybe a quarter of the amount of sesame oil and add according to taste . This particular review is only for the tako poke , not for the ahi or tofu recipes they suggest . I 'll likely try this seasoning for those , as the reviews have been favorable otherwise .
 I love assorted large Swedish Fish . They 're kind of hard to find where I live in NJ . So when I found this place , Bayside Candy , in Mineola NY , I was excited to get some . I received the package today only to be very disappointed . Instead of the large assorted I had ordered , I received the small red ones . They 're ok but they 're not what I ordered . Glad I did n't opt for the 5 lb bag . I do not recommend
 Got this and it is the sxact same thing as the stir fry ... it says beef tomato pffft it tastes just like the stir fry mix ingredients are also the same get one or the other not both .
 I am one of those people who like sweet lemon chicken . This is not sweet . It is not spicy , either . The yellow dye is very excessive and your fingers can stain if you touch the sauce . If you want to try it out , I 'd recommend buying one packet if you can .
 GOLIGHTLY Sugar-Free Caramel Popcorn , 2.5 Ounces -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB- I ordered this product and 95 % of each bag , I tried two , were inedible . The popcorn was hard and almost broke a tooth . I felt cheated and struggled to taste the caramel . When I checked on my order to return it , I was told it was not returnable .
 I 've used others that are better . If you 're not careful you 'll wind up with a lumpy sticky mess . Try and mix this with the liquid prior to inserting it into the rice mixture .
 I am generally a fan of NOH products , in fact I ordered a 12 pack of the Fried Rice seasoning to get free shipping when I ordered a 12 pack of Char Siu which is why I was ordering in the first place.The package says you can season up to four cups of rice , I did about that , and it was basically bland , and tasteless . I used pork Char Siu in with it , and that was fine , as I said , I am a big fan of NOHs Char Siu , but this stuff was about useless.I added extra Teriyaki sauce , just to give the rice some flavor , and it actually got better tasting the 2nd day . I am going to try this again with about 2 cups of rice , just to see if its better in a smaller batch . I mean I got 11 more pouches of this stuff , I got ta find some use for it .
 I have a HUGE problem with Orangina . Its a great drink and all the good stuff but it CUT me REAL bad when i tried to open the bottle . Do not assume that i am an amatuer at opening bottles . . I 've lived in the same world as u have for the past 24 years but it sucks to have someone disregard the design and safety of a bottle so much so I got cut so bad . I have been really irritated since then , and everyone around me did the usual `` sue-em '' argument , but it costs $ $ . Anyway I hate the fact that the company doesnt care for something as basic and simple as this .
 Got this because of the good review here , and brought it from another site . Glad I did n't get the pack of 12 . It has a bit of a `` puke-ish '' smell . Made it with ground beef . Stick to black pepper and other seasonings . This just makes it taste bad . Like a light Teriyaki that someone vomitted . Sorry to be graphic . But that 's how it was to me . Will not buy again .
 I kinda assumed that buying bulk saltines from Amazon would be cheaper than buying in a store , but I should have done my research first . My local Vons had them for half this price -LRB- admittedly it was a sale , but not some crazy clearance price . Maybe 20 % off -RRB- . These are great saltines but go buy them elsewhere .
 not very tasty , had a very odd smell not bisque like to us . Sent the rest of the cans off to a shelter .
 Soup was very thin and had no particular flavor ; very bland ; no crab at all . I do n't eat it and neither will the dog .
 Not good , not bad . Not worth the price . I used it as a base and added a can of shrimp for some flavor .
 I have eaten restaurant quality bisque and this is not it . You can see the bits of minced crab , but the batch I received had no flavor . I added spices and a generous splash of half and half which improved it somewhat . I canceled my subscribe and save subscription . I also read the reviews for their other products and seems one either loves them or does n't . Ending on a positive note , their label is made w / certified green paper and vegetable inks and the cans are made from recycled steel which I thought was impressive .
 My friend and I all bought this products . It tastes not very good . We will not buy again . Bar Harbor Crab Bisque
 I love these crackers , but how am I supposed to eat 12 boxes in 3 months ? I expected more than a 3 month expiration date -- they must be shipping old stock .
 We were once again unimpressed by Amazon 's shipping . The box containing triscuits and other items arrived completely open . -LRB- This is the second box in a row to arrive in such condition . -RRB- Packaging using a minimum of cheap tape that doesnt hold up to shipping . No items were missing.The Triscuits appeared undamaged , being packaged as one unit of twelve boxes , however easily half the Triscuits in each box are pretty busted up , so if you want to use these to serve snacks on , they fall short of the mark . If you dont mind eating crumbs and slivers , it 's a good deal . Otherwise , very disappointing .
 I 've been giving my daughter Gerber fruits , veggies , and meat as everyday-meals since she was 6 months old , thinking that she 's got enough vitamins and prebiotics . However , she developed digestive problem and chronic constipation ; she almost stopped gaining weight since she was 9 months old . I took her to GI and she told me that those packed fruits are all cooked ! And there are additives to keep them fresh for long period of time ! I started to puree fruits and veggies using Vitamix , and only use Gerber fruits & veggies ; when we are out and about . Now , after half a year of probiotics and wholesome food , she 's slowly getting better and opens her mouth to food.Now , think about this
 I 've been giving my daughter Gerber fruits , veggies , and meat as everyday-meals since she was 6 months old , thinking that she 's got enough vitamins and prebiotics . However , she developed digestive problem and chronic constipation ; she almost stopped gaining weight since she was 9 months old . I took her to GI and she told me that those packed fruits are all cooked ! And there are additives to keep them fresh for long period of time ! I started to puree fruits and veggies using Vitamix , and only use Gerber fruits & veggies ; when we are out and about . Now , after half a year of probiotics and wholesome food , she 's slowly getting better and opens her mouth to food.Now , think about this
 When you get this home and read the ingredients list , you will see
 I 've been giving my daughter Gerber fruits , veggies , and meat as everyday-meals since she was 6 months old , thinking that she 's got enough vitamins and prebiotics . However , she developed digestive problem and chronic constipation ; she almost stopped gaining weight since she was 9 months old . I took her to GI and she told me that those packed fruits are all cooked ! And there are additives to keep them fresh for long period of time ! I started to puree fruits and veggies using Vitamix , and only use Gerber fruits & veggies when we are out and about . Now , after half a year of probiotics and wholesome food , she 's slowly getting better and opens her mouth to food .
 I 've been giving my daughter Gerber fruits , veggies , and meat as everyday-meals since she was 6 months old , thinking that she 's got enough vitamins and prebiotics . However , she developed digestive problem and chronic constipation ; she almost stopped gaining weight since she was 9 months old . I took her to GI and she told me that those packed fruits are all cooked ! And there are additives to keep them fresh for long period of time ! I started to puree fruits and veggies using Vitamix , and only use Gerber fruits & veggies ; when we are out and about . Now , after half a year of probiotics and wholesome food , she 's slowly getting better and opens her mouth to food.Now , think about this
 It has hidden MSG -LRB- a known neurotoxin -RRB- . Terrible tasting and I love Triscuit . It tastes like old stale garlic powder and smelly feet . I actually threw the box away after a few bites . Try Triscuit Pepper and Triscuit Dill instead . They are awesome tasting and without MSG . I can eat Triscuit Pepper and Triscuit Dill all day : -RRB-
 Perhaps there is a real market difference in price around the country , but I 've never seen that while traveling and buying Triscuits in Illinois , and going up the east and the west coast . I live in North Texas and the Kroger here regularly puts these 9.5 oz boxes on sale for $ 2.20 - $ 2.40 a box . At least in my neck of the woods kinda makes the Amazon rate seem like not so great a deal .
 I was sent currants not the item pictured and it would cost more to return it than the items are worth . Thanks for nothing .
 I bought this Glico Collection to try out other unusual flavors of Pocky and other related products . I received what is available in their current stock :2 2.82 oz Glico Chocolate Pocky3 1.16 oz Glico Strawberry Pocky1 1.16 Sweet Milk Pocky1 3.53 oz . Chocolate Almond Crush Pocky1 Glico Coconut Chocolate Pocky1 Toppo Cocoa Sticks 2.5 oz .1 Glico Roasted Pretz 2.46 oz .1 Glico Corn Pretz 2.46 oz1 Glico Salad Pretz 2.46 oz .1 Hello Kitty Strawberry Chocolate Sticks1 Orange Hi-chewI 've tried the Sweet Milk -- it was OK and tasted like condensed milk dipped sticks.My favorite is the Chocolate Almond Crush - very addicting , chocolatey and nutty.Strawberry is good too.I wish I bought my own mix from another online store . This Glico pack is not worth it as I can buy the other varieties cheaper at an Asian supermarket that are well stocked with Pocky coming from regional Glico Pocky flavors .
 Best to check out your local Asian food market or Japanse anime store . The price will usually be better , considering S&H ; , and you wo n't be stuck with 6x of something you end up hating . Also there are a lot of other varieties of pocky than what 's being sold here . There 's even `` giant '' pocky , `` custard '' pocky , `` green tea '' etc. . . Always more new ones coming out.But , if there are no market or if other internet stores are comparable in price , than maybe a wise choice for the curious snacker . Beware though , even I did n't like the sesame . And FYI , Men 's pocky is just `` bitter '' instead of `` milk '' chocolate . Best flavors in my opinion -LRB- and most novice Pocky snackers like -RRB-
 Yes , ALL Wrigley 's Gums , even the ones with SUGAR , now contain at least ONE , -LRB- and many contain two or all of them -RRB- ASPARTAME , ACESULFAME-K , SUCRALOSE!WHY a gum with Sugar needs these dangerous chemical sweeteners is a mystery to me , but since they changed the logo of the packages on their gum , you can no longer buy any Wrigley 's -LRB- or most other brands too -RRB- gum without one or more of these nasty chemical additives.Also note that Sucralose -LRB- AKA brand name Splenda -RRB- is NOT the same thing as Sucrose ! -LRB- Sugar -RRB- The slight spelling difference is to decieve those that read ingredient labels to think they are reading Sucrose and not notice it is Sucralose.Sucralose causes severe abdominal pain , so if you have had that after chewing gum , now you know why.Aspartame has dozens of books and thousands of websites explaining what is wrong with that , as well as the other one.Very sad that I never again will get to enjoy my childhood favorites of Wrigley 's Spearmint , Juicy Fruit or Big Red ever again .
 I found these for a great deal , using the Subscribe & Save option . I was completely excited to find this bargain , as we love Triscuits.Sadly , I found these virtually inedible . The taste is cloying -LRB- & I LOVE rosemary ! -RRB- It was my mistake to buy such a large quantity without trying them beforehand . But , buyer beware - this may sound like a great combination but do yourself a favor first & buy a single box .
 I love Asian Indian dishes ... . that is , until I tried this dry-and-tasteless-as-cardboard meal . I would n't feed it to my dog . Needs much work .
 A bisque is defined as `` a thick cream soup made from shellfish . '' While this soup understandably lacks the shellfish -LRB- it 's salmon after all -RRB- , it also inexplicably lacks cream ! It 's got milk and vegetable oil -LRB- which predominates -RRB- instead , and it is not a concentrate ! What a disappointment in taste , especially as we are fans of Bar Harbor 's delicious chowders -LRB- salmon and clam ... have n't tried the lobster -RRB- . Pass on this if you know what a bisque should taste like .
 I actually liked the taste and texture as they were pleasant . But I warn you that it 's exactly what the ingredients list says
 I drank this tea for the first time several nights ago , which turned out to have been a bad decision . Several hours later , my stomach felt ill and crampy . I was n't able to feel better or sleep until I threw it back up . Yuck.The taste was okay -LRB- the first time -RRB- , a bit tart but not unpleasant . But I 'd suggest trying a half a mug to start with , just to see if you stomach has the same troubles with it that mine did . I do n't think I 'll be drinking it again .
 These crackers taste absolutely delicious , but leave a coating/aftertaste in my mouth that lasts for a long time . Also , they contain MSG and for some people -LRB- I 'm one of them -RRB- it causes a headache . The last time I binged on these crackers -LRB- and they are hard to put down ! -RRB- , I ended up with a crashing headache . Be forewarned !
 I had a handful of these crackers last night - and though they are tasty , my hands , face , and ankles swelled to a ridiculous size . I was n't sure if it was the crackers or something else I ate - so I ate them by themselves at lunch - and again , I am a swollen mess.I did n't realize the MSG content was so high . I wo n't be eating these again . If you react to salt , sodium , or MSG - just stay away from these tasty little buggers .
 I am disappointed since regular wheat thins do n't have MSG , but this variety does . I need to stay away from MSG , since I get migraines.I am sure Nabisco can find a way to make a flavorful cracker without MSG.These crackers have a very strong taste , and I found that the taste stayed in my mouth for a long time.I prefer the original , unflavored wheat things .
 I had to throw away every spice that I purchased from this company . They were all old and horrible and some contained bugs .
 What a let-down . This is very nice salt , with almost NO piment d'espelette . I 've used this type of seasoning before but never this brand . I will not use this brand again . The fleur-de-sel with piment d'espelette that I 've used in the past had a vibrant color -- the salt tinged ever-so-slightly pink with tiny flakes of fiery red . It had a gorgeous warm flavor that enlivened every dish on which I used it . The stuff I have now is dull brown and tastes the way it looks . I 'll be contacting `` Nirmala 's Kitchen '' to seek some sort of compensation for money wasted -- unless they can prove this is a fluke I 'll never use another one of their products and will encourage my foodie family and friends to avoid them as well .
 I bought this blend of salt with piment d'Espellete three times now . the first two times it was outstanding Everybody who tried it was amazed at how it could improve the taste of almost everything . The third time however the proportion of the piment had been drastically reduced . I had to buy a separate bottle of the piment d'Espellete to add to the `` blend , '' that was almost entirely salt . Very dissapointing !
 All of the spices that I purchased from this company were stale and old . Some of them even had bugs in them . Star Anise is supposed to have a wonderful licorice like flavor . This had no smell and tasted like old cardboard .
 Must admit that if I had n't read that this Red Mills had apple and blueberry I would never have noticed it , taste-wise . There are a few dark flecks in the package which I presume are the blueberries but you would never know.Prior to this I had the Back To Nature blueberry granola -LRB- that particular variety not sold at Amazon -RRB- . You can smell the blueberries when you open the package and the blueberries are very noticeable . I have milk on mine and it actually turns blue from the berries . These packs are also resealable whereas the Red Mill are not . Probably wo n't be buying it again .
 I 've been looking for a nice granola to use everyday with my yogurt.Hoping that the Red Mill would be chewy but it is definitely not - it 's quite bland and has a cardboard like texture.I definitely would n't recommend this if you plan on using it to add a kick to your morning yogurt.Maybe it 's best to get something with a little fat - but I 've had non-fat granola that is much tastier than this red mill.The one redeeming quality of this product is that you do get quite a lot for your money - unfortunately I ended up giving it to friends because I was n't a fan .
 The bag I received in September of 2012 was packed in April 2011 , and is marked best before 24 months . So sixteen out of the 24 months have already elapsed . The amount is certainly generous , and the price is very low .
 Item arrived promptly , but not as described . It was not powder ; it was a compounded block that needs to be grated . Also , the box is marked that it expired in May of 2009 . It is April 2011 now . I would not purchase from buyer again .
 This product although matching in weight is NOT as depicted on the web page ... it is not a plastic jar -LRB- which would ensure the dryness of the product -RRB- it is a very very poorly sealed cardboard box and you can see where a price tag has been removed , so I suspect old , returned stock ... this view is compounded by the lack of manufacturing , sell by or use by date on the packaging even though there is a clearly marked space for the same ... so I repeat BUYER BEWARE !!!
 The product quality is great , but the seller is really taking advantage of the limited distribution of the Stella D'Oro brand due to the ongoing strike . The retail price clearly marked on each package is $ 2.79 , so a case of 12 packages should retail for $ 33.48 plus shipping . Since the cost of this product is $ 47.95 plus shipping for a case of 12 packages , make sure you really are desperate for a Stella D'Oro before ordering .
 For the price , its just barely ok ... for some reason , these crackers are * REALLY SALTY * . And I do n't mean `` RITZ '' crackers , I mean * THESE * crackers . I have purchased Ritz crackers for years from many places but for some reason the ones in these shipments seem to contain 3-5x more salt.It is so salty that my gf can not eat them at all and was about to throw them away ; but I like salty so I do n't mind them . . Also , due to packaging , many of the ones especially in the boxes packed on the outside came quite crumbly/broken . All around , just barely okay in my book ... straight to the trash in my girlfriend 's book ... so I gave it a 2star .
 Whole Grain Wheat Flour , Figs Preserved With Sulfur Dioxide , Sugar , ** Corn Syrup , ** High Fructose Corn Syrup , Soybean Oil , ** Partially Hydrogenated Cottonseed Oil , Salt , Cultured Dextrose And Potassium Sorbate Added To Preserve Freshness , Baking Soda , Soy Lecithin -LRB- Emulsifier -RRB- , Natural And Artificial Flavor . Vitamins And Minerals
 I should 've listened to other reviewers when they said these things are dry . They are very dry and taste nothing like the fig newtons I 'm used to . Too bad they could n't successfully merge the fig newton with whole grains . It just does n't work
 the jam inside feels cheap and do n't like the taste . thought the rate on amazon was pretty good but feel disappointed .
 I love Fig Newtons and so does my 7 year old , so I thought I 'd try the minis in a convenient size . Unfortunately they do n't taste very good . There is hardly any fig inside and they 're a bit dry . I 'll opt for the regular size Newtons the next time I buy them .
 A large cardboard box of ` starlight mints ' . Product of Columbia . They get the the 25 pounds by making each candy as big as a large gumball from a candy machine . It 's as big as the inside of our mouth almost . BIG . With choking hazard notices all over the wrapping.The flavor was like cheap , hard candy without glaze on the outside of the candy and very low spearmint flavor that was hard to detect outside of the overpowering cheap white sugar flavor.Avoid this seller unless you know exactly what they are shipping .
 Yup , these are your basic starlight peppermints . They are overpriced though . Buying one brings the cost in at about 36 cents/ounce . Ordering even two -LRB- 10 pounds -RRB- , the cost is still about 30 cents/ounce . You can get the price in a lot of grocery stores and you do n't have to buy so much at one time .
 I 've been drinking Oolong tea several years and I was very disappointed in this brand of tea . The flavor is weak and the smoky essence is not detectable .
 3/4 of the leaves had fallen out of the tea bag and were sitting in the paper envelope ; consider this a loose tea -LRB- not bagged -RRB- and remember to have a strainer handy !
 This expensive tea has nothing to do w losing weight what so ever ... as I start driking it w 5 other co-workers in the same time ! We all have different body , diff diet and some of us were very active during consuming this tea . However no one lost a single LB ! Not to mention , the taste is not that good ... . very simillar to crapy Green tea !
 I did not receive this item . It was damaged , sent back and I did not receive another item . I am very disapointed !!!!
 Company shipping the tea very fast . Fair prices . But the tea itself , just does n't so it for me . Very bland and I see no evidence of any health benefits , namely the weight loss effects . If you want tea that tastes good ... try something else .
 This tea are very weak.Please save your money.Far as weight loss i have lost 3 pounds , but i do n't know if it 's because of the tea.I 've been working out for the past 2 weeks .
 I have been drinking oolong teas for over 40 years , not because of any claimed health benefits , but because I enjoy the flavor - at least most of the time . After seeing how highly this tea was rated I was really disappointed with how it turned out . It has a fairly strong bitter taste , and the flavor is n't pleasant at all . If you open one of the bags you will find the tea has a sawdust consistency , no recognizable leaves at all . If you want a really good oolong at a reasonable price , I recomend the Numi `` Iron Goddess of Mercy '' loose tea .
 Honestly , i do n't know if its good or helped me . I disliked the taste totally . I can not drink it anymore .
 Stale product and the zon has no quality control , i wish my lazzy husband would just send me the darn things from Japan .
 I never received my order and although I have tried to contact both Pier Mall and Amazon -- I have received no reponse .
 I bought this brand because of all of the glowing reviews here , and I 'm not happy about that decision . I wanted a light brown -LRB- not dark , like chocolate -RRB- frosting for my son 's birthday cake . I did n't want to make it chocolate , and , as I said , I did n't want it very dark anyway . So , I bought the Warm Brown.I did a test run of his cake today . I made my frosting and added in a couple of drops of the paste . It was basically pink . Well , brownish-pink , but way too pink . I thought that maybe I needed more to get closer to the color on the sticker that is on the cap . So , I added some more . Still too pink . So I added still more . By the time I had finished , it was slightly more brown , but still had way too much of a pink undertone for what I was looking for . And it really was n't close to the colored sticker on the bottle.I 'm pretty disappointed . Perhaps it is just this brown color that is the problem and that the others are great . But , the Wilton colors I have so far have met my expectations much better than this . I am glad that I did a trial run on the birthday cake . I think that I will have to go for chocolate frosting after all , using cocoa to get the color I want .
 This will certainly change the color of your food , but when used in a straightforward butter-cream mix in sparing quantity , it bubbled a nasty looking oily brown residue to the surface of the cream and the residue just sat there looking nasty . Will never use this product again .
 I ordered this on December 26th . It is now January 8th , it should have been here yesterday . I 'm not understanding why it takes so long to ship from South Carolina to Pennsylvania . I ordered this to make my daughters elmo cake for her 2nd birthday , it 's not going to make it on time . I love amazon , but I will never order from this seller again .
 the gel is really annoying i should have got the liquid one because this one takes too long to blend into the food , it eventually does thought it it does work but doesnt blend perfectly
 I love AmeriColor , but instead of receiving the soft gel paste in brown I received AmeriColor Airbrush food color in brown . Not the same thing .
 I 'm sorry but there is no way that something that smells to high heaven and is fried and then canned is `` gourmet '' food or even `` food ''
 I ordered this 7lb bag of candy for my husband -LRB- his favorite ! -RRB- because it was the only one listed as the `` variety '' in an assortment of Amaretto , French Vanilla and Irish Creme flavors . The picture was even different than it is now , showing different colored wrappings on the candies to indicate that it was an assortment of flavors . However , when it arrived , it was a 7lb bag of the same gold original butter toffee flavor , not the assortment I wanted . I could have ordered the 2lb bag if I wanted all the same candy ! Do n't buy this if you 're expecting an assortment because it 's not .
 I ordered two bags and did n't find out until they arrived and I opened one bag , that Brach 's changed the size of this candy . Each piece is smaller than in the past . Apparently , they made a change in 2008 but I did n't realize until now because my past orders were filled with candy that had been made prior to the change .
 Very waxy taste . All Chuao chocolate seems to have this very waxy texture that sticks to your teeth . Not pleasant . The chocolate flavor was very bland and not satisfying . Lindt 's version is much much better .
 As much as I like this candy I have to challenge the photo above -LRB- unless they 've changed it since this review -RRB- . The product photo clearly shows 7 distinct colors/flavors -LRB- blue , green , yellow , red , white , purple , orange -RRB- and does n't match what I received . The 3lbs I received included only 4 distinct colors/flavors -LRB- blue , green , yellow , red -RRB- . Three flavors were missing entirely -- namely
 This was packaged in a shoddy plastic bag with no ingredient list . It looked like it was hand made in someone 's basement . Because my son has food allergies , I had to throw this product away because I could n't be certain it was safe . Other versions of this candy showed an ingredient list on the bag , and because it is THE LAW to list ingredients , I assumed they would be . And worse , it was not cost beneficial for me to mail back so it was cheaper for me to trash them . Sad all around . Cute idea though !
 I purchased these for my son 's 5th birthday party because they fit his Lego theme perfectly and he was really excited to get them . The blox were so neat however my son has a severe allergy to both milk and egg and the product came with no allergy information or ingredient list . So I figured I would scan the code on the package and go to their website and get the information there , nope no allergy information there either . I bought a product that I ca n't give to my child for his birthday tomorrow because I do n't know if it will kill him or not . I am really amazed that between Amazon , the companies website , and the packaging that none of them have allergy info . Big fail .
 ew , i really hated this candy , but my sister always bought it . this crap always made me feel like i was trying to chew rocks . i swear if it was an harder it could 've porbably broke my teeth .
 VERY disappointed ! These came in a clear plastic bag with NO label . No ingredient list and NO info on where the candy was manufactured . The candy arrived in broken pieces and the bag was full of powder .
 Because Sabra is carried in so many stores in my neighborhood , I bought it for quite awhile - until I found out that it is an Israeli company that supports the Israeli Army in the brutal occupation of the Palestinian people . I switched to Tribe , and have since learned that Tribe is owned by the Israeli company as well . I now make my own hummus-it 's so easy to blend chick peas , tahini , lemon and olive oil together-and realize that these commercial products do n't even taste good . Make your own hummus and make a statement that you wo n't support war crimes ! Take a look at this website
 Interested in healthy eating ? Well , Sabra products are unhealthy for the conscience . After learning how the corporate owner of Sabra -LRB- namely , the Strauss Group -RRB- has supported the rogue Israeli army unit called the Golani Brigade -- which has an established reputation for brutality against Palestinians -- I decided that this product makes me sick .
 So hard they are unable to be eaten . After sampling two and testing to see if others were just as hard , I ended up throwing all of them in the trash . I 'm disappointed that a reputable company would ship an inedible product . I purchased it on sale with free Prime shipping , so I did n't lose much money . I did , however , lose a bit of confidence in amazon.com for making this product available .
 While I did n't expect this to be nearly as good as the real thing ... I did expect it to somewhat resemble potatoes . Someone had to work really hard to make something that tastes this nasty !!! Absolutely awful !!!!
 I 've been watching a lot of British TV on Netflix lately . Show after show mentions Marmite lovingly . I had to know what all the talk was about . It 's possible that the talk is because the British all joke about how bad it tastes . They put this stuff on their toast so , I was expecting jelly or `` marm `` alade . Hokey smokes some cultural sensibilities are different ! We like you , Britain ; glad the Queen has 60 years under her belt and everything . We 're glad Marmite is working out well for you but , Americans apparently left for a reason .
 might have great flavor if i could have gotten beyond the salt . so much for a snack spread . might still work out well as a soup flavoring .
 This stuff is so nasty . I dont see how anyone would want this . I put it on toast and almost threw up . I would rather eat a rat alive than this .
 I bought this product after reading about the benefits of it from `` First Magazine for Women . '' I picked it up at Whole Foods for $ 5.99 and a total waste of money . The magazine touted it as good for weight loss , because the protein would fill you up and it had a lot of B vitamins . The article said it was good spread on toast . Well the taste is very salty and extremely bitter . You could never spread enough on toast to be filling , because of the awful after taste of bitterness . Also , it is so expensive , you would have to buy a couple of jars a week if you did use it on a daily basis . The taste is like eating a combo of a bunch of anchovies and beef jerky . If you have to watch your sodium , you do not want this . I will not be buying it again .
 you may as well do the research on how dangerous MSG is for humans prior to buying this , because that 's exactly what yeast extract is
 For 30 + years we -LRB- our families -RRB- looked forward to the Claxton Fruit cakes during the Holidays . Last year we bought several and even wrote the company about the poor quality -LRB- no response back -RRB- . Decided to try again this year , bought one today , it looked fresh . Worse than last year !! Dry , burnt tasting nuts , no flavor ... total waste of money !! I am a retired food mgf . and it sure shows when you cut costs and forget what built your business or maybe lost the secret recipe . So long Claxton ... it was nice knowing you -LRB- back when -RRB- !
 Ive had Claxtonfruitcakes in the past . This fruitcake was the bottom of the barrel . How old is it ? I bought three one pound cakes . I looked forward to enjoying these as in the past . The one I opened , was dry ... I moistened it with Rum . Still dry , I drenched it with rum and , while the cake got gummy , the fruit stayed hard and dry . There was an abundance of raisins and currents -LRB- all hard -RRB- . Fruits and citron were hard . Nuts hard and dry -LRB- small pieces at that -RRB- ... . Cherries were few ... very few . Slices just crumbled into little wads because the fruit and nuts were so hard the knife would n't slice them neatly . I 'd send everything back , but the postage is n't worth the bother . No more Claxton for me!Fruit Cake Boxed 3 - 1 lb Dark Recipe Claxton Fruitcake . Sandra C.
 This fruit cake was very dry and no taste to it . I have had these in past years , and they were very good . I beleive these cakes were from last year !
 Very small one sided and basically a colored sugar cube . Not ideal to make an impactfull impression on a cake decoration - mayeb more for cupcakes ????
 The Bees were perfect , however there were only 12 on each card as opposed to the 16 advertised - this left us quite short on our project : -LRB-
 I bought 3 5lb bags and the nuts are small and look like they went through a grinder , and mediocre taste.Wish I had n't of got 3 bags.Look else were .
 Quality of the peanuts are okay -LRB- on a quality rating scale of okay , good and fine -RRB- but the size of the peanuts are the smallest I have found in my local grocery chains . I only buy this brand when I am desperate ... so if you are desperate , buy away or if you are a fan of small , okay peanuts then look no more , you have found your peanut utopia.Otherwise , keep on looking ...
 Be very careful of the store `` TheNewMall '' who will charge $ 9.00 for the nuts and $ 37.00 to ship it ! Rip off company !
 These are low quality small nuts . Not very good tasting and small . Alot of the peanuts were also bad and shell cracked . I threw out more than I ate . Do n't waste your money .
 I buy salted peanuts in the shell once a year , for the All-Star game -LRB- baseball -RRB- . I picked up the 1 LB bag at -LRB- wally world -RRB- and it seemed like there were about 50 % acceptable peanuts . The other 50 % were tiny , missing , or tasted bad . I will be looking for another brand next year .
 I 've been buying the generic Jewel Foods brand peanuts the past 9 months to get my daughter to have more protein in her diet . When Hampton came out with the baseball labels , I bought the Cubs since I lived on the North side of Chicago almost 20 years near Wrigley Field , not really a baseball fan but a peanut fan that lived on the North side of Chicago . Anyway , so many of the peanuts were moldy on the outside shell -LRB- threw them out -RRB- , or shriveled and black on the inside -LRB- threw them out -RRB- , or not roasted enough and had that moist bite you do n't want in a salted roasted peanut . Very disappointing I will continue to buy the store generic brand which was much better in consistency , taste , roasted and salted quality . Being a Chicagoan my whole life I did wonder if the Cubs bag got the rejects . Only added to the fact that I wo n't buy these again .
 These peanuts are of low quality . I found myself throwing away more than I ate . About one out of five were even edible . Most are brown or black and if you eat one of those it is the nastiest thing you will ever taste . They are also very inconsistent in size from opening a shell and finding nothing , to getting very small hard brown or black un eatable peanuts . Not Only are they inconsistant in size but taste to , and the good ones you do find are n't that good . Do n't let the big bag full of large good looking peanuts fool you .
 I never thought I would write a review about roasted and salted peanuts.Yes some are better than others . These are just really bad.When you open the OK looking shell you find small hard peanuts.There is also an unidentified strange taste . -LRB- Aftertaste ? -RRB- After opening 6 or 7 and tasting them I threw the entire bag in the trash . -LRB- Well , upon further thought , I just took the bag out of the trash and will try to get a refund from the local store . -RRB- I have lived in various countries around the world and have never had peanuts that were so bad . Seriously.To be clear these exact peanuts , as picture , were bought at a local grocery store . -LRB- 1lb size -RRB-
 my husband and i love guayaki and drink their bagged mate frequently so we decided to try this . the tea was okay , but the gourd molded around the bottom . i followed the directions perfectly , but due to a weak spot in the gourd it molded . so , basically , you 're taking a chance buying this kit . i 'm pretty upset to have spent the money on something that turned out badly .
 This was the second gourd I had acquired after successfully curing and enjoying my first one for a while . This gourd is very attractive and the mate that comes with it is tasty . However , after following the directions for curing , several patches of green mold appeared . I tried to kill these with boiling water as recommended in some mate-related websites , but a weak spot in the bottom of the gourd was apparently cracked by the heat and a leak developed . Amazon gives no refunds on these types of items so as another reviewer mentioned , you 're rolling the dice . On a related note , contrary to what some mate enthusiasts on the Internet may say , it is NOT safe to drink from a moldy gourd . Green mold appearing in your gourd will likely be penicillium , which has the ability to produce mycotoxins .
 I have a gluten reaction to these . Having looked on the celiac boards , I can tell you I 'm not alone . In defense of Bob 's Red Mill , I think that there are people with celiac disease that react to less than 20 ppm , so something could be gluten-free by the proposed FDA rule , and still make some canary-in-the-coal-mine-types sick.In fact , I would like to make it clear that I think Bob 's Red Mill is a good company , and they are telling the truth -- on the days they test their GF mixes , they come out at 20 ppm or less . However , that is still enough to make a lot of celiacs sick.So , if your celiac child or children are still sick , you should suspect this as a source of illness . Lots of supposedly gluten-free stuff is not , in fact , completely gluten-free , and parents just assume kids are cheating.However , I would n't write off Bob 's Red Mill yet -- many gluten free companies have to outsource their cocoa powder , which may not be gluten free , if the supplier is n't completely honest . Bob 's Red Mill could be following gluten free protocols , while their cocoa supplier might not be.I do tend to think it 's the cocoa manufacturer at fault
 Not only did this product test ` positive ' using an Elisa EZ Gluten Test Strip -- but my entire family got sick eating them !!! They DO contain a trace amount of gluten -- which is detrimental to the health of someone suffering from Celiac Disease .
 Have made these brownies a few times , and they are delicious , HOWEVER , I 'm up all night jittery and weird and tummy funky . The taste is tremendous , but I ca n't eat these again as I get so sick . Anybody know what it is ? Is it the cocoa ? It 's the morning after , and my belly still aches , and I 'm exhausted from being up all night , super jittery . I wish I could recommend them for gluten-free , but I get sick off something in them . Bummer !
 I like Bob 's Red Mill products , but these are way , way too rich for my taste . The flavor is a super dark chocolate . I ca n't imagine adding more cocoa chips , as the package recommends . YUCK ! I should also note that I had a stomach ache for over 24 hours . Not sure if I was having a reaction to the rich taste or perhaps the gluten that may be in the chocolate .
 I ordered a 4 package case of Bob 's Red Mill gluten free brownie mix with great anticipation , but when I opened the case all four plastic packages were open . I did not throw them out , but have not yet used any ... a little afraid . The packaging is just not good enough .
 The good thing about the Chipotle flavor is generally that the smoked jalapenos are a bit milder and more flavorful than regular -LRB- raw -RRB- jalapenos . That is NOT the case with this powder . This `` Chili Chipotle Powder '' is HOT HOT HOT , and seriously lacking in flavor.The other thing is that this is an extremely fine grind , so when I sprinkle it into a sauce , enough of it enters the air and I end up inhaling it , and it feels like I 'm burning my nose . YUCK!Stick with a plain old generic `` chili powder '' instead of this .
 The good thing about the Chipotle flavor is generally that the smoked jalapenos are a bit milder and more flavorful than regular -LRB- raw -RRB- jalapenos . That is NOT the case with this powder . This `` Chili Chipotle Powder '' is HOT HOT HOT , and seriously lacking in flavor.The other thing is that this is an extremely fine grind , so when I sprinkle it into a sauce , enough of it enters the air and I end up inhaling it , and it feels like I 'm burning my nose . YUCK!Stick with a plain old generic `` chili powder '' instead of this .
 The good thing about the Chipotle flavor is generally that the smoked jalapenos are a bit milder and more flavorful than regular -LRB- raw -RRB- jalapenos . That is NOT the case with this powder . This `` Chili Chipotle Powder '' is HOT HOT HOT , and seriously lacking in flavor.The other thing is that this is an extremely fine grind , so when I sprinkle it into a sauce , enough of it enters the air and I end up inhaling it , and it feels like I 'm burning my nose . YUCK!Stick with a plain old generic `` chili powder '' instead of this .
 I love using sumac in my salads and the quality of this product is very poor . I think it must have been an expired product because it had no scent to it and to get any flavor I had to use 5 times as much . Will not buy from again .
 I do n't know if this is old or just not good quality but this spice has no taste . It was a waste of money .
 Like several other reviewers I had a bad experience with the gourd leaking . Beware if you 're buying this for a gift . The recipient may not want to tell you about the leaky gourd so you may think `` what a great gift idea '' when it 's actually the worst , esp . if the gourd happened to leak on something that should n't get wet . I also agree with the reviewer who said the bombilla is a poor design . It does allow a LOT of bitter leaves to get up the straw and the yerba mate is n't very tasty either . I 've emailed Guayaki through their website -LRB- guayaki.com -RRB- and complained about my leaky gourd . I asked for a replacement . I 'll try to remember to post an update regarding their reply.UPDATE
 I read about the ritual of yerba mate inHow I Write
 I purchased these nuts as a gift and was disappointed when they arrived in a small brown paper bag , not a nice tin or box as I expected . I would not order again .
 We order these thinking theyre black currants since that 's what they 're called . They are NOT black currants , they are zante currants which are raisins .
 BEWARE !! these are NOT currants -- NOT EVEN CLOSE ... . read the fine print they are raisins , plain and simple . fine print says they are made from GRAPES not CURRANTS .
 I would not object if these had been labeled simply `` currants '' because Zante grapes are called currants in this country -LRB- the U.S. -RRB- . However , Bob 's Red Mill has unfortunately chosen to label these `` black currants '' which generally means Ribes nigrum . Luckily , I read the fine print at the last minute . Zante raisins -LRB- Vitis vinifera -RRB- are fine as raisins go , but they are not the antioxidant powerhouses that real currants are , and they do not have the complex flavor that the rest of the world associates with black currants . Bob 's Red Mill `` black currants '' are probably better than most Zante raisins , but the label is misleading and it misrepresents the product . Bad call , Bob . I expect better from you .
 If you 're looking , as I was , for the type of black currants that researchers have found are higher in antioxidants than grapes and may have powerful health benefits , look elsewhere . It 's not so much that the manufacturer is being dishonest as that `` black currant '' has come to mean `` Zante currant '' in the U.S. . What researchers studied was the Ribes nigrum species ; the common name `` black currant '' here is just going to mislead you into buying small raisins . Ribes nigrum is a berry that grows on bushes , while grapes are unrelated and grow on vines.After buying these and finding they tasted a lot like raisins -LRB- I should have read the earlier reviews -RRB- , I did some research in Wikipedia and on the web and finally found a source of real black currants , which I 've just ordered . Amazon has some products that list Ribes nigrum as an ingredient , but does n't seem to carry the berries , just seed oil , cosmetics , and powders .
 This salt is very very ` salty ' with a somewhat bitter aftertaste.There are better products -LRB- search for South African East Coast sea salt -RRB- . I much prefer Maldon 's , which is hardly gourmet .
 I really enjoy the Hi-chews except in Mango . I was happy to see this offered in grape so imagine my disappointment when I tasted a very , very strong chemical taste in these . I would compare it to nail polish remover . I contacted the seller with my concern but was ignored . Do n't buy the GRAPE !! I had to rate this with 1 star otherwise my review would n't go through , but I take it back .
 I knew this was not going to be as good as real Blue Mountain coffee one can have in Jamaica , but I still had high expectations . This coffee fell short by quite a bit . The aroma was reasonably good , but the taste was just mediocre . Not nearly as good as 100 % Kona . I am not saying it 's bad , just it 's not worth this price to me .
 The delivery was quick , so that 's a plus , but I was dissapointed with the coffee itself . Like other reviewers here , I had my first cup of Blue Mountain coffee in Jamaica , and it was amazing , so I had pretty high expectations . This coffee was just too dry and bland for my taste . The coffee shop where I used to get my coffee in Chicago , My Soul Cafe , recently started selling their blue mountain coffee online , so I will never purchase Reggie 's again . There is definitely better stuff out there , and probably at a better price .
 Drinking Jamaican Blue Mountain coffee in Jamaica is a treat - it 's fantastic coffee . Unfortunately , the stuff you get from Reggie 's Roast must date back to the Paleolithic Era . Good luck finding oils on these beans . There were hints of the Jamaican `` magic '' , but the beans were just too old . Better to buy local , I guess ...
 This stuff is supposed to be primo . Was one of the mildest , least flavorful coffees I 've tasted .
 They taste good at first , but they have the absolute WORST aftertaste ever . I ate the strongest-tasting things I could find , brushed my teeth at least 3 times , and when I woke up the next morning , it was still there . DO NOT BUY THESE .
 After extensive research on grains and nutrition , our family added Amaranth to our staple diet . There 's not a wide range of suppliers for Amaranth and we started purchasing Bob 's Red Mill Amaranth . Well , to be honest , our experience with this product is that it 's been of pretty poor quality . Out of 8 packages we 've bought so far , we 've had to return 3 to the outlet we purchased them from due to the amaranth being mouldy . And I mean `` open the package and you can smell that it 's off right away '' mouldy . In addition , one of the packages did n't smell mouldy but after we 'd cooked it and added it to the baby food we were making , the mouldy smell of the cooked amaranth was very noticeable . Not good , particularly as we 're using the amaranth for making baby food for our toddler and mouldy grain is not really something you want to include in the ankle-biter 's diet.In addition , we found we have to hand pick stones , grit and dirt from each package very very carefully . Seems that they are included as a bonus . -LRB- Note that as the grain itself is very small , the stones , dirt and grit are very small too - but big enough to damage teeth if they slip through the cleaning process - particularly toddler teeth -RRB- . This cleaning and sorting process involves a lot of work , which we would n't mind so much if the amaranth was consistently good quality , but it has n't been.I have to say that while , after our research , we 'd recommend inclusion of amaranth in anyone 's diet , Bob 's Red Mill Amaranth Grain is NOT a product we would recommend . If you have no choice but this , be very careful about cleaning it and hand picking stone , dirt & grit out before you use it , and make sure you check very carefully for evidence of mould both before and after cooking . In addition , I 'd recommend checking with the retailer that they will refund you the purchase price if the product you bought is off . So far , we 've been sucessful in getting our money refunded -LRB- when we had the receipt - we did n't once and we did n't get the money back that time , but that was the first time and after that we were poorer but wiser ... -RRB-
 I found this darker bread to have an off putting slightly sweet taste . I will probably use the remaining packages to make a spice cookie . It 's most like a quick bread , and it does n't toast well . Too bad amazon does n't carry the 'Cause Your Special ' brand of white bread , since it actually taste like the real deal .
 you can get this at most convinience stores for a lot less than 7 dollars . however , it wo n't be 9.5 ounces
 I did not receive the item advertized here . It was not the `` Bar '' pictured in the Amazon ad , but the bar-shaped package of small individual pieces . Its not the same thing at all , and I did not get what I paid for . I could have bought these at Walmart for a lot less . I had my wife give them out at Christmas and did n't realize until several had been opened that I 'd not received what I purchased .
 I regularly drink green tea and usually drink Kirkland 's bagged green tea made by Ito En . This Yamamotoyama tea is very weak and I am confused why there are such positive reviews . I just made tea with three tea bags in about 12 oz of water and I can barely taste the tea . I 've done this a number of times and the result seems to always be the same . I checked the expiration date , and it says my tea is good until 2014 . I 'm not sure what I 'm missing compared to the other reviewers but in my view this is not a good investment and the taste is underwhelming .
 I was disappointed when I took my first sip of this tea . For a moment I wondered if I had forgot to put in a tea bag and I actually removed the lid and looked in my cup . The water was colored but it tasted like plain water . Barely any flavor at all . Not like any tea that I have ever had at a Sushi house . Look elsewhere . The only thing this is good for might be the compost pile !
 this has to be the worst green tea EVER ... . dont believe this tea tastes anything like the hot green tea i get at any sushi bar . dont order this tea if you want that taste ... . i went ahead and ordered the brown rice tea i usually get , its much better .
 Received chocolate in a box that was dirty and dusty . The chocolate itself had some old dust residue on the pieces of chocolate . I opened the chocolate , and guess what ? It had `` white spots '' along the side . -LRB- Please see photo uploaded for this item -RRB- - Those who are familiar with milk chocolate , when it sits for a long time it develops white spots and loses its flavor . This is exactly what happened to the box of chocolate that they sent me . There was no flavor at all coming from this chocolate . It had an expiration date of `` 08/2011 '' but it was clear that this chocolate had been sitting around for a very long time . I asked politely for an exchange , and they kept giving me paste + copy responses saying that they did not do any refunds or exchanges and kept referring me to their return policy . I kept going back and forth and they were just not willing to do anything to accommodate my problem with this chocolate . Their customer service on the phone was horrible , the gentleman was not empathetic at all . They even sent an e-mail stating `` This is how Kinder Bueno is supposed to look , are you sure you 've tried this candy before ? '' SO RUDE !! The main reason I 'm writing this , is because I LOVE Kinder Bueno . When I first had this in Germany , I fell in love ! It was the perfect mix between Kit Kat and Nutella . However this company has really ruined this treat for me.DO NOT PURCHASE FROM PARTHENON FOODS .
 Before you call me blaspheme , keep in mind that this review may save future buyers a lot of headache!I love Kinder chocolates , and have been eating them for almost a decade . Recently I found out that Amazon carries these and decided to order a case - and it turned out to be a big mistake.I order the Kinder Bueno from CHOCOLATO . When the chocolates arrived , I noticed three problems :1 -RRB- The chocolates did not come in the manufacturer 's case , meaning they are all individual packs stuffed in the shipping box , but I 'm okay with that ; 2 -RRB- At least half the chocolates are crumbled/crushed -LRB- yet the box shows no sign of wear -RRB- , implying that the chocolates I received had taken some beatings , still I 'm willing to settle ; 3 -RRB- This is where I got really ticked off
 Now that the new `` improved '' bar is made in NH , USA they seem to think that it has to have soy lecithan and be made for the so called `` American taste '' as in sweeter and smoother . They really ruined a good thing . When the new version appeared at the local store I bought some and did not tell my family that it was a different ingredient list . The comments went like this
 This bar used to have the best chocolate flavor for the money , now it tastes like swiss miss solidified into a bar of wax . The closest I could find to what it used to taste like was some 63 percent Valrhona at double the price .
 Lindt changed the recipe and it 's completely blend , sweeter and leaves a greasy texture in your mouth when it melts . What are these people thinking ? That their customers are dumb or what ??? I 'm so disappointed . This new chocolate sucks and I feel cheated .
 Poor Charlie ... Hard to get the phrase `` New Coke '' out of my head.I always bought Lindt because of their quality and consistency . Very , very Swiss.I have been enjoying this chocolate bar for the past twenty years in Europe and the USA.We just finished our old stash of Lindt Excellence 70 % dark chocolate bars . I went to the store for more and noticed on the outside of the bar the words , `` NEW RECIPE . '' It should say , `` RUINED PRODUCT . `` The bar has what appears to be a lighter color , less snap and definitely less depth and body of cacao . The great flavor is gone . Now the chocolate liquor that used to slowly melt off the back of the tongue , flowing down your throat is replaced by a thick wax that reminds me of Hershey.On the back it says : `` EXCELLENCE 70 % COCOA is characterized by a warm brown hue and a light fragrance of cacao . Experience this new milder recipe the balances smooth dark chocolate flavor with a surprisingly rich and creamy texture . `` MANUFACTURED BY : LINDT & SPRUNGLI -LRB- USA -RRB- INC. , STRATHAM , NH 03885the old bar said : Manufactured by : LINDT & SPRUNGLI SAS -LRB- France -RRB- DISTRIBUTED BY : LINDT & SPRUNGLI -LRB- USA -RRB- INC. , STRATHAM , NH 03885
 The new Lindt 70 % tastes a lot like all the other waxy chocolate bars out there so if you like chewing on crayons you may like it , but if you really like chocolate you wo n't . It 's really a shame they ruined a formerly excellent product .
 The flavor is now bland and boring -LRB- think Hershey Kiss -RRB- , and the `` new and improved '' smooth texture reminds me of plasticizers.I spent probably hundreds of dollars on Lindt 70 % chocolate bars over the years , but as soon as I tasted the new version , I will never by another Lindt product of any kind until they bring back the old one . Looking at all the other reviews , Lindt has made an identical mistake to Coke of releasing a new version and discontinuing the old one.I would n't be surprised if its cheaper to make -LRB- soy emulsifier was n't on the original ingredient list and it tastes like they are using inferior coca -RRB- , but this bar is an insult to the intelligence of every person who 's tried the original .
 Oh why did they mess with the old version ? This tastes nothing like it used to , it 's chewy , it 's too sweet and has a strange mouth feel . Can anyone recommend any other bar that tastes like the previous recipe ? I 'm done with Lindt .
 Lindt 's original recipe was the gold standard of dark chocolate . Mother Temptation 's favorite child . But what is success in today 's world if it can be exchanged for failure ? And failure itself is the success of this new recipe . Lindt soyed the taste to where the experience of flavor is completely overtaken with the question of
 I thought everyone was overeacting . I WAS WRONG !!!!!!!! This is the worst chocolate . Tastes like lard . Please do not waste your money . You can not send it back .
 I 'm not sure I 'm reviewing exactly the same Lindt 70 % bar as shown here , but it 's the best match I could find . Here goes : What 's good
 The old recipe for 70 % Lindt bars was perfect -- it was just the right balance , and my favorite dark chocolate bar at the price point.The new one is flavorless and waxy , tastes like I 'm biting into a brown crayon . I 'd rather eat a Hershey bar . No idea what Lindt is thinking . Their website says they made this change after extensive consumer tests showed folks wanted a `` smoother '' taste with a `` less intense cocoa flavor . '' Who on earth would buy a chocolate bar advertising 70 % cocoa content and expect it not to be intense ?
 The new formula 70 % Lindt chocolate bar is terrible . Nothing at all like the old formula which was one of my favorites . I wrote to Lindt about this and they responded that marketing research found more people preferred the taste of the new formula bar.I wonder if they used the same company that recommended `` new coke '' , that British Airways change their tail design , and that Citibank start issuing their PDF statements on 7x14 paper size!Yes , the average American prefers a Hershey bar to most other chocolate , no surprise there . It 's what we grew up with . But they 're not going to pay $ 2 for one in a fancy dancy euro-style package .
 their New Recipe for 70 % is totally atrocious and horrible.It 's greasy , cheap tasting with soy lecithin `` to aid the chocolate flowing and molding properly '' according the their QA.I do n't buy it because their other bars are just fine without soy . Keep in mind that the lecithin is most likely derived from GM soy.Many people are allergic to soy - they do n't care!Shame on Lindt ! I 'm glad others hate it too , maybe they will get a message.You may just as well buy cheaper brand from the candy machine .
 They will send you 70 % cocoa lindt chocolate but it has a `` new recipe '' . It 's 30 calories more a serving , all sugar , and takes like crappy milk chocolate you 'd get in a cheap easter bunny . Has none of the cocoa bite that it used to . This is kind of sad , since this chocolate used to be the best readily available dark chocolate on the market.If you 're looking for a dark chocolate that 's kind of low in carbs , this is n't it . Save yourself some money and buy a hersey bar .
 The 70 % tastes like cheap Easter bunny chocolate . Green and Black I guess it will have to be . Sad though since the Lindt was very good in France .
 There was a square of this chocolate in a bag of Lindt dark chocolate truffles , a sample I guess . So glad I did n't buy a whole bar of this stuff because it was not very good . Left me wondering `` where 's the chocolate '' ? Not much flavor at all . : P
 Melts and spoils in shipping . Very disappointing in texture and flavor . You 're better off buying this locally at full retail .
 Well , once again a great product has been cheapened in the name of `` American taste '' . I find it hard to believe that anyone would prefer this `` new '' recipe that Lindt is using for its Chocolate sold in the USA . I should of known something was up because I noticed that the Lindt bars were on sale for far too long at the supermarket . That is often a sign of a product being cheapened some time after an acquisition from a conglomerate or private equity company ; Kettle chips come to mind.Those who were previously in charge of marketing and merchandising Lindt bars in the USA had to know that their market was a little more upscale and refined than those who consume a Hershey or a Reeses . I bet some new -LRB- American -RRB- management got involved . That `` market taste test '' someone referred to is mostly BS ; they already knew that Americans in general have unsophisticated child like tastes , that pander to the overly sweet , artificial and creamy . Sweet artificial and creamy pretty much sums up American food with the exception of meats . However in the case of meats sweet artificial sauces and fake smoke flavor abound for `` dipping '' ; Americans love their finger dipping food ! Coming off the diatribe , it is clear that Lindt is now more interested in competing with Hershey for the taste of the `` average joe '' . After all it costs less to produce chocolate for their taste . So the gamble is this ; will they profit more by making a cheaper bar and competing against Hershey for the taste of Joe average or by keeping their quality high and catering to those who know better ? American management is notorious for pursuing the `` quick money '' , and I know this is a pretty audacious assumption but i bet that Lindt hired on a few Americans to run local manufacturing / Marketing and this change is being conducted at their behest . Short term , these American managers look good -LRB- the quick win -RRB- because they lowered their cost basis by decreasing production cost . Long term , American management mostly moved on and Lindt is now a cheapened brand that just barely survives -LRB- in the USA -RRB- competing with the likes of Hershey . We shall see , but I will not buy another Lindt product while Stateside.Can anyone advise of an alternative European dark chocolate bar -LRB- 70-90 % -RRB- that is reasonably priced and available in the States . My favorite bar , Neuhaus is very expensive and limited in terms of availability .
 What a surprise when I only received 3 bars total ! The seller blamed it on Amazon putting in the wrong information . The ad was marked as sold out for a few days . Yesterday I was checking and the same ad was back on . When I contacted the seller they again blamed Amazon . They were again offering a pack of 12 for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . Today they have changed it to a pack of 12 for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . I will be keeping a close eye on them and hope you do too ! An honest seller would have checked their listing and honored their ad . They are saying that Amazon confused thier listing with other sellers of this same product . They are the only ones selling Lindt Excellence Dark Chocolate 70-Percent Cocoa Bars , 3.5-Ounce Bars -LRB- Park of 12 -RRB- . How could Amazon have gotten this confused ! The seller should always check their listing .
 I totally agree with all of the other 1 star reviewers here . This used to be my favorite bar , but now it has almost no flavor and indeed does have a waxy texture .
 This is not the `` normal '' buckwheat . This stuff is green . Its either not roasted enough or not ripe -LRB- ? -RRB- . Buckwheat kasha with milk is one of my favorite foods . I 've enjoyed it since I was like 2 years old . These guys have no idea what they are selling . Probably have n't tried it either . DO NOT BUY !
 If you are Russian and looking for good buckwheat kasha - do n't buy that one , it 's totally different thing . It smells like medicine and tastes weird , not like regular simple buckwheat . If you are the person who decided to try a buckwheat first time - do n't buy that one , you will be disappointed and never know what a tasty meal it should be .
 i got real disappointed when i saw how unripe the thing is . Supposed to be dark brown , and that stuff is light green !!!!! smells funny too , like glue . american version of buckwheat , presumably
 I am from Ukraine , so I grew up on buckwheat , and I know how `` Kasha '' is supposed to taste and look like . This is not it . Once you cook it , this Kasha looks like goo , not like Russian Kasha is supposed to be - very flaky , with each piece of wheat separated . It tastes pretty bad too , like it got burnt or something . No matter how much butter or salt you put in , it still tastes bad . The only reason I bought this product because it was organic and I did not want to buy it on Russian website -LRB- was afraid of them stealing my credit card -RRB- , but now I have to , because THIS is not good .
 I have a lot of fine , wavy , dark hair , and this product did n't seem to do much for me . I was hoping this product would subtly darken my hair and also nourish it and make it softer . This product did seem to remove some of the red undertones in my hair , but did n't make it thicker or softer . This product is mainly mineral oil with dye and a bit of amla mixed in . For my hair , I prefer natural coconut oil or olive oil , so now if I wish to darken my hair I mix pure amla with either of those oils and get great results .
 Dabur Amla Hair Oil 300mlI do NOT recommend this product at all . It smells AWFUL and I did n't notice any difference in the feeling or behavior of my hair after leaving it on overnight and then conditioning the next day . I 'm not even sure that it 's all that authentic because the ingredients on the bottle do n't list any that are compelling.Since trying this item , I have switched to Extra Virgin Olive Oil from my kitchen cabinet , used the same protocol for treating my hair and have noticed a softer quality in my hair as a result.Don ' t waste the time or money ordering this product . Go to an Indian market and choose from more authentic products .
 I used this once . It works . My hair is stronger , slightly darker and softer . My concern is what is in this product ? What types of chemicals or pesticides were sprayed on the herbs ? How pure is the oil ? The product does not have an herbal scent but rather a chemical smell . What is in this ? I worry because the scalp absorbs products readily and these things end up in your bloodstream ... that includes any hair dye and shampoos you use . The ingredients are especially important here because we are supposed to leave this on overnight thus giving the scalp a lot of exposure to some unknown ingredients . Keep in mind that the chemicals and pesticides that were banned in the US years ago are shipped to third world nations and frequently re-imported into this country via these types of products . I do n't know what is in this and it may be great but I am concerned about the smell ... it is not a natural scent .
 This stuff really stinks . Made me sick for days after using it once . End up throwing the rest away . Do not waste your money on this
 This oil was something else a decade or so ago . It was also pricier . When I recently bought it at a local Indian grocer , I was surprised the price had dropped significantly . Hair oils in India are traditionally coconut oil mixed with other essential herbs , extracts etc - which is what I assumed Dabur 's would be too . What a disappointment to find this only but an unhelpful formula of 1 . Canola oil 2 . Paraffinum Liquidum -LRB- a fancy name for Mineral oil -RRB- 3 . Palm Glycerides -LRB- Solids as byproducts from hydrogenating Palm oil -RRB- ... search the internet for contra-indications for these and it should steer you far away ... Goes to show , bigger brands are not necessarily better -LRB- DABUR is huge in India -RRB- Unfortunately my purchase was not from Amazon and I ended up tossing it - so no refund.I would highly recommend pure coconut oil
 I was using Dabur Amla Hair oil for many years and realized that it is mineral oil -LRB- Paraffinum Liquidum -RRB- and it is petroleum product and NOT a organic oil . It has Zero percent -LRB- 0 % -RRB- hair penetration . I have started using and trying different oils including coconut oil , and Til -LRB- Sesame -RRB- oil . I loved both - Coconut and Til oil from different company including any local Ayurvedic company in/from India which has herbs into it.Coconut and Til oil has more than 90 % hair penetration after overnight use and I am telling this after I searched and reviewed some studies done on hair products , especially , oil . Dabur do have other hair oils product -LRB- e.g. Vatika -RRB- which has coconut oil and so if you pleased then can use that . But local Ayurvedic are far better than big brand for hair oil.Hope that help you a bit . Thanks .
 This hair oil had a very offending odor ... so much so that it made me sick to my stomach ... I threw the whole bottle away !!!
 HIDEOUSIT SEEPS THROUGH THE AIRINTO THE NOSETHE MOST HORRID SMELLIN THE WORLDYUKCA N'T EVEN WASH IT OFF
 I did n't realize that it had so much artificial color in it and mineral oil . These are things I try to stay away from . However , I have used the product for about a week now . I plan to throw it out . I really have n't seen any difference other than my scalp itching like crazy and green residue everywhere . I am disappointed that it is not an all natural product .
 I like giving proper feedback for the crappy products some companies created in order to make more money while cheating their customers out of the promise they put on the label on their product.Don ' t be disillusioned , the product boasts wild blueberry as real fruit in this product . Boy , I was so delighted when I opened it up and saw REAL wild blueberries -LRB- I spent many summers when growing up with grandma and grandpa in a village in Europe surrounded by wild mushrooms , nuts and berries -RRB- and know the taste of real fruit , especially wild small variety . The first time I sank my teaspoon in the product I took one heaping and saved the rest for another day . Another day I took 2 teaspoons of the product and saved the rest for my third day . When the third day came and I had my organic cottage cheese waiting to be mixed with wild blueberries I was deeply disappointed that right after 3 top superficial teaspoon layers of real berries , I saw JAM or marmalade , the stuff is like butter with no real fruit anymore . Now , I do not know how the company can put `` 100 % wild blueberry fruit '' on the bottle , sprinkle the top with real fruit , and jam the rest of the bottle with jam that has no fruit ! When you boil real berries to make fruit , the berries DO NOT disappear and transform into jam , the berries should be there!The label on the bottle says
 This Japanese peanut is not even close to be as good as the Brazilian Japanese style . It is a little sweet for my taste and a bit hard , too .
 Have you ever had canned corned beef hash ? Ever open it right up and just taste it right out of the can ? This tastes like that ... . Unheated , canned corned beef hash ... . Without the hash part .
 IT TASTED BAD HOW CAN I RETURN IT ONLY USED ONE OF THE PKGS . IF I CA N'T RETURN IT I WO N'T BUY IN BULK AGAINSO PLEASE CALL ME
 Thought this well known brand name of soups would be at least be acceptable for lunch since many workers , such as myself , have all of ten minutes to eat during their ten hour workdays.Beef is hard tiny squares , vegetables are almost mush , stock is weak and is over flavored with a herb that seems to have been charred before addition .
 I am a long-time fan of butter toffee peanuts . Nowadays , the only place I can find them is at WinnCo in their food bin section . I LOVE the flavor of their peanuts but am skeptical to buy food in bins . As an avid Amazon shopper , I discovered these peanuts and thought I 'd give them a try . The package arrived within the estimated date and in great condition . However , the flavor was blah . The toffee coating was horrible - no taste at all . For the price , I expected them to taste at least as good as WinnCo but no such luck . Wo n't be buying these again .
 I was test driving them as a possible fruit of the month choice for 2007 . Their club is over 100.00 more than Harry and David , but I thought perhaps they were just that much better . I was wrong . I could have bought this flavorless fruit from any local grocery store . Do n't be lured by the talk of boxes with water-colored artwork . I 've seen better on the free calendar that my Pharmacist gives me .
 The photo in the description shows and abundance of fruit but when the fruit arrived it only contained 6 pieces . I was embarrassed because I sent it as a gift ...
 I had a gift certificate and I ordered these fruits as a gift for family . From the description and picture given , it seemed like a nice idea . WhenI received the fruit I was surprised that it only contained 6 pieces . I scrutinized the listing to see if I had made a mistake ... nope , the picture had shown at least 12 pieces of fruit and nothing in the description mentioned anything different.I called the company asking them about this and even they admitted that the listing was deceptive . They sent me another gift package to correct the mistake.The fruit itself was good but really are n't anything to brag about . It 's just good fruit . I do n't ussually get any better quality fruit at the store , but for the price of this package I can certainly over look that fact .
 The Fruit Company has sold me a bill of goods and then let me down . While trying to decide what year-long fruit of the month club to send my parents , their customer service reps will promise anything , but do n't live up to the what they say . The organic fruit has been costly and disappointing . I asked about substitutions -LRB- parents on Lipitor and can not have grapefruit -RRB- for meds or personal preferences and I 'm told , `` No problem '' . But after I 've charged the yearly gift to my VISA and paid , the Fruit Company continues to give my parents either the wrong monthly delivery or give them a hard time about switching . The watercolor boxes are not something you would want to save and re-use . They 're cardboard with so-so graphics . Nothing special here . I should have gone with Harry and David .
 We received five or six shipments of fruit and it was a joke ! The pineapples were tiny and bruised , the blueberries molded to mush , the cherries dry and tasteless , and the peaches bruised and rotten . It is unthinkable that a company be allowed to take people 's money for the products that they send . It is a complete RIP OFF ! The Fruit Company offers a 100 % guarantee but all they sent was ANOTHER box of peaches !!! The purchaser should have been entitled to a full refund because this gift was an insult to us and an embarrassment for the buyer . I wish that I could attach a photo of what we received . You would be shocked !
 Stikko Wafer Sticks , Chocolate Flavor , 11.64-Ounce Pack -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB- If you are on Weight Watchers and love chocolate , you will love this product as much as we do . In one serving you get 4 of the chocolate wafer sticks -LRB- tube 3/8 's x 7 '' -RRB- with chocolate filling , all for 2 WEIGHT WATCHERS POINTS . Yes , that 's two -LRB- 2 -RRB- points ! It is a terrific snack or after dinner dessert ! Almost impossible to find retail , we discovered it as a fluke in a Smart & Final store in San Diego . They discontinued it so We moved to the Internet and to our delight , discovered it here.We love the Stikko product and the price is terrific . ' I ordered TWO Cases of 12 11.64 ounce cans containing 44 chocolate sticks in each can.however nowhere on the box is anything written such as `` FRAGILE '' , `` HANDLE WITH CARE '' , `` DO NOT THROW '' , etc. . Since it ships UPS -LRB- Brown -RRB- - and unfortunately in the absence of warning labels UPS does throw boxes . Between 30 % and 50 % of the chocolate stick in each can broken often in more than one place . it is n't very fun or enjoyable to eat crumbs instead of sticks and I was given a full refund until they received a new supply and have the boxes marked Fragile.My advice is to purchase the product via the phone , or call Amazon immediately after Ordering , and insist on having the boxes labeled `` FRAGILE , HANDLE WITH CARE '' , and check the contents before accepting the shipped product.Enjoy !!! But be careful !!
 I bought a 12-pack of Redi-Burger about three months ago after reading the previous reviews . I have tried numerous Loma Linda , Worthington , Morningstar Farms , Boca , etc protein or meat substitute products over the past 30 years , but this is without doubt the worst of them.I ordered this product for shelf storage during the winter months since my freezer space is limited and thought it would be convenient to occasionally open a can to slice for burgers , or chop up for use in tacos , chili , casseroles , etc. . I expected the quality would be similar to other Worthington and Loma Linda canned products . I have tried to use this product in these various ways for several months and it 's just horrible and ca n't be disguised even in other dishes . I 'm going to donate the remaining cans to local meals program . The problem is the taste and texture . It tastes burned right out of the can , and has a sandy/gritty or mealy texture that does n't help . After much consideration , I would describe the taste as a concentrated , burned hamburger bun that caught some of the aroma or seasonings of a hamburger or veggie burger along the way.I love Worthington and Loma Linda 's other products and would quickly recommend them such as the canned veggie sausage links , Tender Bites , Burger , the frozen Morningstar Farms and Boca burgers , sausage and crumbles , etc. . Redi-Burger though is so bad that it could make a vegetarian reconsider eating meat .
 There is no smoke or burger taste at all in this . This was a big let down . There is an overwhelming bean taste . Reminds me of Hot dog chili without the chili powder . The texture is the same as chili . Not solid enough to cut and fry . I tried . So the only use for this is chili or no meat sauce.If you want a burger or burger sub , then do not buy.Should call it redi ground .
 It would be nice if they would offer an option without Partially Hydrogenated Oils , Artificial Flavors , and Perservatives . They have nothing to do with the flavor and there are many healthier alternatives .
 I purchased a large canister of Big Train Mocha Cappuccino , at Costco , because I wanted an alternative to overpriced Starbucks frappachinos and because the label said `` No Trans-fat '' ! The stuff was pretty good , but things come and go at Costco , so I looked here on Amazon and was surprised to find lots of different Big Train products available , but all loaded with trans-fat , among other undesirable things . You go to the company website and you will find , if you look , that they sell `` naturals '' products , which are listed as not having trans-fat and using natural ingredients . So , why are they selling this stuff on Amazon ? Also , the price at Costco was pretty reasonable . These packets are over $ 1 each -LRB- 25 serving packets for $ 28 + shipping -RRB- . At that price , you might as well buy Starbucks on sale or off sale , already in bottles and already to drink . Are these packets riding on sales of their naturals ? Who is writing all these 5 star ads ? Company hacks ?
 Too difficult to use this huge box ! Does n't fit on the shelf easily , and awkward to use - tossed the box , and used Tupperware . We wo n't bother with this size again ...
 This is not a good price whatsoever . Sam 's Club sells the Cheerios two pack weighing in at 40.7 ounces for $ 5.78 total !
 This is only the equivalent to two boxes of Cheerios . It is NOT bulk , which is what I assumed , given the price . I should have read the quantity data more carefully . Do n't make the same mistake !
 I was hoping for big , juicy asian pears . I was very dissapointed . The packing was a beautiful decorated box that I use for other storage .
 I really wanted a decaf product so did n't have a lot of options . This powder essentially makes a chocolate flavored blended drink , even when I use cold decaf coffee or espresso as the `` base '' , the chocolate is what you taste . When I think of an iced coffee drink , I think of coffee with a hint of chocolate -LRB- mocha -RRB- not the other way around.As other reviewers point out , the 150 calories is for half the packet and no milk added.I will try a different brand next time . I 'm still on the hunt for a mix that creates the same flavor I 've experienced once in a great while at a coffee shop . Or like the iced blended at a west coast chain -LRB- CB&TL ;-RRB- that is overpriced to have shipped -LRB- and I think is available sugar free -RRB- !
 I bought this because I read some reviews that said it was a good coffee alternative . For me , it is not . Unfortunately , the order came with multiple boxes . I kept one box JUST to remind me that I NEVER want to make the mistake of buying this again .
 A friend told me dandelion tea is good for digestion , as reports the product description . I tried it a few times hoping it the flavor would grow on me . However , it tastes so horrible that I 'd have a hard time drinking it even if it cured cancer . And now I 'm stuck with 6 boxes of it ...
 I understand this has many , many health benefits . However , I really dislike the true dandelion taste it has . I would like to continue it for the health benefits , but I need to find something to add to cut that bitter dandelion taste . I drink a lot of different herbal and flavoured teas , but this is not something I could drink on a regular basis . I find it very unpleasant tasting . We all taste things differently , and this taste is not for me .
 Personal preference ... too sweet . Tastes like General Foods International Coffees . Price is great if you like that , though . And makes up very easy .
 I was introduced to mate in Argentina and I drink it often . This yerba mate is OK but it is not of the quality of the yerba mate imported from Argentina , Brazil , or Praguay .
 Initial shipment with this tea was of good quality , but after that I got the tea with bad smell and taste . I checked an expiration date . It 's been over 3 years already -LRB- June 12/2006 -RRB- . Amazon has returned my money but stated that they would not guarantee the quality of this product and would not replace it -LRB- ??? -RRB- .
 I just attempted to use this product for baking a couple of days ago and was so very dissappointed . I have used a few different brands of Date Sugar and have never had a clumping problem . I believe most of the companies who produce date sugar have to cut some oat flour into it so it does n't just form one sticky lump . This is how Bob 's Red Mill Date Sugar is ... one big 24-oz block of sticky lump . I had to pound and pound on the mound of date sugar and attempt to whittle away at it with a knife . I thought I had pulverized it enough to bake with it and boy was I wrong . When I poured the batter into loaf pans , it had big red clumps of date sugar poking out of the batter . I picked out what lumps were visible but when I cut into the finished product , it had patches throughout that were sticky and felt like the bread was not done . I could tell these patches were from the clumps of date sugar . I was so very sad I bought this product .
 I just did n't use up this product . The sugar came as a solid hunk and I had to grate it in order to use it . Made a sticky mess all over my kitchen counter . Came four packs to the package and I still have three .
 I was not pleased with the taste of this jerky . It was nothing more than another cheap , dry , ultra tough , and poor tasting jerky that is n't even very spicy . It 's also loaded with MSG if that 's a concern for you . I bought a whole box and wound up throwing away the last two packages since they sat around opened for so long as we just could n't force ourselves to eat anymore of it . This just is n't good jerky .
 Yogi Tea has done yerba mate a disservice with this product . The rich , earthy flavor of the mate is simply drowned out beneath the same chai spices -LRB- i.e. , cardamom , cinnamon , clove , ginger , and black pepper -RRB- that Yogi Tea uses in most of its other blends . If you love the taste of yerba mate , look elsewhere .
 No thank you there are a few other seasonings out there that taste much much better.Sorry just not for me .
 No wonder they do n't include the ingredients in the ad . MSG has been shown to cause health problems and is entirely unnecessary from a health and taste standpoint . I never would have bought this product if I had known . Foolishly I ate some and had heartburn . I immediately tossed it , feeling really ripped off for my money . Come now , Amazon -- should n't you make it mandatory to include a full rundown on ingredients on products such as this ? Think about it .
 A friend cooked up some burgers using Cavender 's . I commented that the burgers tasted great , and they really did . Then at 3:30 am I broke out in some of the worst hives I have ever had . I had thought I might have an MSG allergy , now I am positive . Thank goodness for a massive dose benedryl or it may have killed me .
 DOES NOT LOOK LIKE PICTURE , AND DOES NOT INCLUDE THE SAME ITEMS PICTURED . DO NOT BUY THIS AS A GIFT , AS RECIPIENT WILL BE DISAPPOINTED .
 Received the basket quickly but was very disappointed with the product . The basket I received is much smaller then the one pictured and is missing many of the items pictured . Not worth the $ 40 I spent .
 I was very disappointed with this item . With a famous name like Ghiradelli I would have thought it would be of better quality . It was very ealily returned through Amazon , as they make it easy with a printable return label . I purchase something in it 's place again through Amazon . Thank you Sandy S
 I WOULD NEVER RECCOMEND THIS TO ANYONE . . I OREDERED ON DEC 16 AND IT ARRIVED ON DEC 29TH . IT DOESNT EVEN LOOK ANYTHING LIKE THE BEAUTIFUL BASKET THAT IS DISPLAYED AND THERE ARE MANY THINGS MISSING / . NOT ONLY WAS I SO EMBARASED THAT I COULD NOT GIVE MY NEIGHBOR HER PRESENT FOR CHRISTMAS , NOW I HAVE THIS PUNY THING TO GIVE , WHICH IS NOT WORTH $ 40 ... IM GON NA TRY TO GET MY $ $ $ BACK ... THIS IS THE LAST TIME I EVER ORDER FROM THIS COMPANY AGAIN . !!!!
 I was disappointed at this item when it arrived . It 's really a very small gift basket and not worth $ 40.00 -LRB- maybe $ 25.00 -RRB- . I expected more - I 'd recommend avoiding this .
 I totally thought this would be much bigger than it is , came in a little bitty box and I though no way that ca n't be it , I opened it and my gosh . It 's 1/5th the size they make it it look like . It has 1 chocolate bar , 2 small bags of candy , one very small box of candy and 2 hot chocolates . Not anything what the pic . Or description says I was really bummed out about it because of what I was LEd to believe it would look like . I could 've saved myself a lot moneyand disappointment by making my own Griradelly basket ... never again WILL I TRUST ONLINE PICS AND DECRIPTIONS EVER !!
 ughh !!! i regret buying this gift basket.it is not what the picture shows.and it is over price!i should have bought the goduva chocolate set rather than this !!!
 I ordered two of the Grand baskets and although they arrived within a few days , one of the baskets was completey destroyed ! I e-mailed the company to see if they could reship a new basket before Christmas which was now about a week away . When the new basket arrived it was about 1/4 the size of the first and had very little selection . Needless to say I will not recomend this company or buy from them ever again .
 I usually do n't even write reviews , but I felt I had to comment this time . I ordered this basked to donate to a fundraiser for injured soldiers . My friend 's girlfriend was running the fundraiser , and I was completely embarrassed at the state of this basket when it arrived . It was just a bunch of items thrown into a really cheesy basket , a little Scotch tape , and then thrown into a box with a bunch of foam peanuts ! When it was opened , there was stuff all over in the box . I felt so bad . I was sure I was getting a good basket to donate , and if it were n't for the fact that the items themselves were of a decent quality , this review would be 1 star . When it comes to a gift basket , presentation is almost as important as the contents . Otherwise I could have just purchased a bunch of candy bars and been done with it !
 The case with 25.7 oz contained black elements in the powder . I 'm not sure what it is , but after mixing with water , at the bottom of the milk bottle , there were several black elements.I did NOT notice the same problem with other size -LRB- 13 oz -RRB- . I have contacted enfamil and they told me to send it to them . We 'll see what they say ... One of the enfamil agent asked me , `` Why did you buy it from amazon ? '' , my response ... `` uh ... because it was cheaper ... ! '' .
 I purchased this formula as a gift for my sister . After what seemed like a very lengthy delivery period the formula still had not arrived . I have made two attempts to contact the seller and have not heard back ... I am beginning to think that the Bayou Mom store is a SCAM , and will be reaching out to Amazon for assistance .
 the product is fine , but whomever tries to ship this must be also milking the cows then putting the milk out in the sun waiting for the milk to become powder ... -LRB- and it must be raining -RRB- ... the stuff just never seems to come . do n't order here . you 'll waste tons of money buying it by the can at the coop and your drug store while you wait forever for it to come ... but all the waiting might be a good thing ... you might realize like I have that is really quite a good thing and the right thing to do to shop local . where have all the independent drug stores gone anyway ??!!!
 This item showed as `` available '' when I ordered and after 20 days still no sign of receiving anytime in the near future . Does n't really matter if I 'm getting a good price on the formula if I DO N'T ACTUALLY RECEIVE THE FORMULA ! This vendor 's supply chain management is completely inadequate judging by the other complaints . My baby will be eating steak and potatoes at college by the time I receive this item ...
 I made my order almost a month ago and it has n't arrived yet . 1-2 weeks for delivery is WRONG !!! Maybe they are being cautious because of the particles the previous reviewer mentioned ...
 Ordered in February 19 , 2006 , now still not ship out yet.order status shows `` Delivery estimate
 Weeks of waiting for an `` available '' product . As the last two reviews noted , why save a dollar for something that does n't arrive ? Bezos , this is n't a CD -- you need to deliver on time .
 This really is n't such a great deal ... the price is almost exactly the same as buying it can by can . I ordered a case because I have twins , and we 're going through formula so quickly . I am disappointed with the shipping time . When I ordered this item it showed as available , and now they 're saying they ca n't ship till June . That 's three months from now !!! I 'm sorry , but this is just unacceptable !
 I ordered this on May 12th . It was available . Now the estimated shipping is June 9 - June 27th . Will someone at Amazon please contact me a tell me what is going on ! This is very unlike Amazon to treat their customers like this !
 This is a great formula if you baby takes to it . The pricing on Amazon is indeed the best one I 've found online , but you can get the same amount of formula -LRB- 6 of these cans almost exactly equals 4 of the warehouse size -RRB- at Costco or Sam 's Club for $ 116 plus sales tax . Less if you have manufacturer 's checks . If you really need home delivery , or do n't want to pay for a warehouse membership , this is a good option , but otherwise , pass on this .
 image shows nutramigen lipil , but the product is enfamil lipil.these are two different products.i had to return the order .
 Not knowing better , I thought my baby had acid reflux . He was on this formula for 5 months , was spitting up non-stop , very large amounts . Then we used Premium for 3 weeks as this one was not available in store , and when we switched back , the vomiting started again . I also -LRB- later , unfortunately -RRB- read in `` Baby Bond '' by Dr. Palmer that latest studies show that the DHA+ARA do n't absorb well and this is rather a marketing scheme - applies to all such formulas , not just Enfamil Lipil .
 Being labeled &#34; habanero &#34; and said to be from &#34; hell , &#34; I figured this has to pack some killer heat . But what a disappointment . It 's a bit hot if you pour a lot of this on , but no hotter than any other chili pepper seasoning . The flavor of habanero is moderate , but I bought it to make my mouth sizzle . It comes in a nice tin -LRB- similar to black pepper tins at the supermarket -RRB- and has good labeling.Another negative is that it 's clumping inside the tin - when I shake it I hear a big clump banging back and forth . I 'm not sure of its freshness - perhaps its been sitting in storage for years .
 I was expecting more of a red savina powder . When I popped the lid it might as well have been straight chili powder . Its probably fine if thats what you want but its definitley not what I thought it was going to be .
 I 've read the reviews and I agree that Yuban is absolutely the best coffee but at $ 100 for 12 cans comes to over $ 8 a can . That 's $ 3 more a can than I pay at my local store . I do n't understand the high price ?
 I have never tasted this coffee . But when people brew it in my house , it makes my house smell like farts . It might taste really good , but I ca n't get over the fart smell . You 've been warned .
 I think I had to click at least one star for a rating , but I 'd give this stuff Zero if that was possible . Seriously . I 'm almost 50 and my favorite treats have always been Beef Jerky . Amazon sent me an offer that I could n't refuse - `` buy so much worth of Slim Jim products '' and I would not only get an instant rebate but free shipping . So I did it ! At my age , Slim Jims are fairly tasty as an every-once-in-a-while treat and go well with beer and cola . They 're a bit fatty so I do n't indulge on a daily basis ... That being said , I had to meet the minimum requirements to receive the aforementioned incentives , and I did n't want 50 or 60 bucks worth of Slim Jims . So I added their Beef Jerky to the order because I LOVE beef jerky and it 's hard to screw it up . This CRUD -LRB- and I 'd use much more derogatory terms if allowed ! -RRB- tastes HORRIBLE . PERIOD . I 've offered it to buddies and they spit it out . LITERALLY . It is terrible - a waste of money . The other half of my order were Slim Jims - I 'm happy with them.I am NOT anti Slim-Jim Co. - ConAgra Foods . The Slim Jims are exactly what I expected ! I had never had their Jerky , thought it 'd be at least decent , and was amazed that the stuff could be this BAD . I often make my own jerky , and if I set out to make the worst tasting stuff in the world , I could n't beat this junk.Sorry for the bad review .
 After having our six week old adopted son placed with us we immediately noticed a foul odor from him and connected the odor with the formula that came with him . Every time we had a feeding or a bowel movement the whole house was gagging . Not only that but my baby had very runny stools . He had infant reflux . I took him off this and put him in the `` Gentle '' formula Walmart brand and liquid Zantac . He did SO much better . Honest , I ca n't see how something that smells so bad and chemically could be good for anything . Not to mention the high cost of this stuff ! Yuck .
 We have a baby that has a lot of gas and acid reflux so we tried this out . I was surprised at the smell and taste of it before i even fed it to my baby because it has a pungent smell and a gag inducing taste . Well , i thought maybe it would be different for the baby ... . it was n't . We tried it a couple times and she just would n't drink it . We are going to try mixing in a little at a time with the regular formula to see if we can `` work it in '' slowly but initially id say this stuff was too much of a change in taste for our baby to see any results relatively quickly .
 My order was not shipped due to the heat of the summer . I ordered thinking they would pack it with dry ice or some other method of keeping it from melting . I suppose the Amish people do n't have access to dry ice . Anyway , I will reorder when the temps drop to a level of normalcy again .
 I bought this product because my husband has been raving about a butterfinger coffee that he used to drink while in school . I have been searching for a good substitute and I found this particular brand on Amazon . Unfortunately , it did not live up to our expectations . It did n't taste like butterfingers and the smell was definitely not there.In all fairness , we are not big coffee drinkers but will indulge in a good cup of java anytime.In the meantime ... we are still looking for Butterfinger .
 Yikes ! What was I thinking when I ordered 12 cans of this stuff ? The food pantry may be getting some.It tastes like ... well , I ca n't use the words I 'd like to.Let 's just say that it has no character at all ... no distinct taste ... if yu blinded yourself and then drank the coffee , I do n't know if you 'd even know it was coffee!I use just more than the amount suggessted ; . . ; ... does n't help .
 $ 13 for 4oz , FOUR OUNCES ??? I do n't think so . No jerky is worth over $ 3 an ounce . I like to stay around $ 1 an ounce if possible . I suggest Wild Ride Sweet n Spicy or Black pepper flavor
 Firstly , I 've used this product with both my younger sons and have never had any problems with it . We started it on the advice of our pediatrician to use as a supplement because he suspected my son had acid reflux and it worked as a charm!Secondly , I find that the smaller containers are better since you are meant to finish it within I think a week after opening , which means that you are better off with the smaller container , depending on how much your child eats obviously , but even price-wise it 's smarter.Thirdly , and I know this may not apply to everyone , but it is Kosher and DAIRY FREE -LRB- Parve -RRB- , which is VERY VERY VERY hard to find in formula , which pretty much makes this an only choice for many special need kids , or even many who are n't special needs but need formula that is n't dairy.And finally , I am surprized that -LSB- ... -RSB- prices are actually higher than all the local groceries , -LSB- ... -RSB- , etc. . I hope they bring their prices down so that all of us can happily buy it from them in the future .
 I am so disappointed . I ordered Hazalnut flavor and received another flavor . I have no way of reaching anyone . I feel I have been ripped off . I need help . someone please help me . My money is gone . who can I blame ?
 First off I would like to say that I am a huge fan of hot sauce in all different heat ranges . This sauce claims to have a one million scolville unit heat range , which is completely false advertising . I tastes like a generic tobasco sauce that you might find at a 99 cent store . The heat is similar to tobasco sauce as whell . If you like vineger based sauces you might like it , but it 's not worth the price , plus shiping if you ask me . I probably would have given it a better rating if they had n't lied about the heat . It 's just nothing special , the sauce actually started turning black in my fridge , and I 've on had it for a couple weeks . The taste got worse too , I have no clue why . I 'll close by saying if your looking for a good tasting hot sauce with some real heat look elsewhere .
 The order NEVER arrived , and the phone numbers do not work . They do n't answer e-mail . They s * ck !
 We purchased a 12 pack of Slim Jim Beef jerky . Several of the packages tasted adequate but my children disposed of one package after complaing about the smell and taste -LRB- I did not see it -RRB- . Today , I opened a sealed package in the dark as we were watching TV and also noticed strange taste . When I examined the package in the light , I found that it was covered with mold . If you have already purchased this product , I would advise you to examine it carefully and if not , avoid this product.I am concerned that this product is being distributed and could cause illness . The `` best used by '' date of the items we purchased is 14 Jan 09 , # 2172 and 7205PKA . Again I would advise consumers to avoid Slim Jim Beef Jerky .
 Does n't taste much like teriyaki . Hard as a rock and loaded with salt . Maybe I just got 12 bad pouches , but I will be looking elsewhere for jerky in the future .
 If you like Lipton chicken noodle soup , or a close facsimile , enjoy this hot garbage that the fine people of Alessi Imported dish out and claim is `` Italian '' . This would be true if `` Italian '' meant salty bile . Thanks for wasting my time and money .
 Maybe this company has very poor quality control where some batches are wonderful and others are just olive oil with a whiff of truffle but our 2 bottles had no truffle flavor at all . Very disappointed . I will buy other brands next time .
 Just so that you know what you are buying - the ingredients on the back are clearly shown to be olive oil and `` truffle aroma '' . As another reviewer said - this is olive oil and chemicals . It 's very disappointing to have paid this much for a wee little bottle -LRB- and it is wee ! -RRB- of olive oil and chemicals .
 I 'm flabbergasted by the glowing reviews that `` truffle oil '' is receiving on Amazon ! Those of you espousing a desire to drizzle this stuff on your food might be sorely disappointed to learn that the truffle flavor in those tiny $ 17 bottles of `` truffle oil '' are made in a laboratory . There 's not a molecule of actual truffle in them . It 's a sinful shame that 's perpetuated despite being outed a few years ago in an enlightening New York Times article called `` Hocus-Pocus , and a Beaker of Truffles . '' Read it and weep
 I 've had several brands of truffle oil , and think that this one is probably one of the worst . Poor quality oil , very bland , hardly any aroma at all . Wo n't be buying this one again ...
 I used to use white truffle as I figured it was a great way to up my cooking game and make myself a `` fancy chef . '' That was before I figured out how to actually cook . For some background
 This tea does not work at all . I bought it considering the fact that it contains Valerian Root , which is the tea that aids sleep . Completely disappointed . Did not help me sleep at all after 2 weeks of taking it each night . It did n't even make me a little bit drowsy . If you want a good night 's sleep without taking sleeping pills , take Valerian Root Tea . If your nearby food store does not have it -LRB- Whole Foods - been waiting for 3-4 months -RRB- , then just get it online . Amazon has some really great prices . And yes , Valerian Root Tea Smells like straight up poop , but one bag knocked me out after 30 minutes and I suffer from MAJOR insomnia . Hope this helps . Do not get this tea !
 Taste like cough syrup ! It 's kind of sugary but has a very plastic and unnatural taste , and a slightly bittersweet after-taste . Wait , no , it 's not exactly sweet . It 's just slightly bitter . And leaves a very , very strange , chemical-like , unnatural sensation on your tongue ... Yup , taste like cough syrup !
 This is the polar opposite of Sleepytime tea . I had one cup last night , and I laid in bed and did n't fall asleep till well after midnight , and then kept waking up every few minutes after that . Worst sleep I have gotten in my entire life ! I 'm going back to Sleepytime tea . At least that stuff works .
 I bought 5 different varieties of Yogi tea and find that this blend is the most tolerable of the Yogi teas I have had so far . I do n't care for the stevia at all , there is a taste that really turns me off and I believe it is the stevia but ... they use so many ingredients in their teas that it is hard to pinpoint the actual villian . We use stevia at home but it seems that stevia in processed products takes on a weirder flavour - to me anyways . I do not find that this tea relaxes me either but something in it feels like a stimulant . I will go back to my valerian , stinky but simple , clean and relaxing .
 I 'm sorry to give this a poor review , but tea has to taste good in order for me to drink it . I often drink a large variety of bedtime teas and have never tasted any tea this awful . I ca n't speak for how well it works because I could n't drink the whole cup even though I attempted to force myself . Yogi makes some good teas , but this I just could n't stomach .
 I 've been trying various bedtime tea 's & this one tastes horrible !! The first cup I tried I thought it was because i 'd ate something just before drinking it & mabie that affected the taste , but I made myself another cup this evening at least 2 hrs . after eating & it was all I could do to finish it . I wo n't be drinking anymore Yogi tea , that 's for sure !
 This tea tastes terrible . I was very disappointed . I would not recommend it to anyone . I am a tea drinker and always love the natural flavor of the tea and the soothing feeling you get after you drink it . This tea tastes more or less like over the counter cold medicine .
 I have loved this tea for years . Now I find that the blend has changed
 It does cause you to have more bowel movements.But causes stomach cramps after 7 days and blood in stool.Do not recommend you drink this more than few days.Anybody want to buy some sealed boxes , only used the first one ?
 The taste is horrible and it make my tongue tingle . I could n't drink the cup without it making my stomach hurt . I 've given it several tries and just ca n't stomach it . Now I 'm stuck with 6 boxes !
 There is no doubt that this tea does it 's job , but the smell of it is awful . I normally do n't have any problems eating or drinking mildly offensive things , but I have such an aversion to the smell of this tea . It has a top note of moldy , dank earth with a base note of acrid peppers gone bad . The box says that it contains `` delicious sasparilla '' . I do n't taste anything like sasparilla or rootbeer in it at all . If you can bear the smell and aftertaste then go for it .
 I ordered because of the great price ... BUT yuck the stock is stale . Tastes like old iced ted left in the fridge toooo long.Not my first yogi tea flavor and not my first box of detox , so know it is not supposed to taste like this . Worst part that is the one I ordered the most of : -RCB- Others seem fine so far : -RCB-
 I 've tried other Detox teas and this has a weak flavor and color . Not impressed , will not purchase again .
 When I read the reviews , before I purchased the tea , there was someone who stated-don ' t take if you have high blood pressure . I have a Thyroid issue , which brought on a high blood pressure issue . Both are under control with medication . I decided I 'd try it anyway . I 've been on it for 2 weeks , & unfortunately I have to stop drinking it . I was drinking 2 cups a day . I was starting to feel jittery-not a good feeling . After doing some research , the Licorice Root was the reason . Other than that , I liked the tea . It 's not easy to find a detox tea without Licorice Root in it , unless you make your own . I did notice that Yogi 's Berry Detox Tea does n't have Licorice Root in it , so I will be trying that . So , please , if you have a Thyroid issue & or high blood pressure , do n't drink this tea .
 This product used to be excellent . Recently its quality has gone way down and they changed the box ... it makes no sense why they 'd change their best tea like that .
 I took 3 sips of these tea , and I nearly gagged . I think it tastes spicy , like nutmeg . I ca n't stand the taste or smell of nutmeg , so I ca n't drink this tea . Just my two cents .
 I do n't recommend drinking this tea quickly , or while on medication . I was on antibiotics and a decongestant and was starting to feel better . Then , when I drank this tea -LRB- one cup in 30 minutes -RRB- , I felt worse and nauseated . I do n't know if it 's the tea itself , or a reaction with the other things in my body , but I 'm going to steer clear of this tea .
 But if you have high blood pressure , skip it !! Even small amounts of black licorice root can raise your blood pressure to unhealthy levels . The licorice in the tea is only there to add sweetness .
 In terms of taste , it is not the one I want to re-order . I ca n't tell if it really can boost one 's immune system though !
 I guess it 's a matter of tastebuds but unless this healed me for good I would n't drink another sip if I was paid to drink it . Okay - there might be a price that would make me drink it everyday but only one cup and the price is pretty high :--RRB- I 've tried several yogi teas and this one as well as the others are just absolutely horrible . If I do n't like something or I have an allergic reaction -LRB- which I frequently have from foods or preservatives -RRB- I usually pass it on to my mother or sister so the money is n't wasted but this , I threw away , every last package . Another good reason for Amazon to sell food in smaller quantities . YUCK !
 I used to love this tea . I would drink it every morning but than the stores I would buy it from stopped selling it , so I decided to buy a case of it on amazon . I do n't know what changed , but it is absolutely awful now . It has none of the flavors in it that I use to love so much ... and I 'll unfortunately probably never buy it again
 They sell Expired productsOne is OK.One is Light without caffeineOne is Expired at 11 , 2010One is expired at 03 , 2011How come they sell expired products like this ? Amazon need to investigate and close the shopDon ` buy and Do n't waste your money.But the most import do n't put your Health in Danger by consuming Expired products
 You would probably love this tea if you like your tea to taste like vegetables , but I do n't believe tea tea should taste this way . It made me think of boiling string beans in water and then drinking the water . I just drank another brand of green tea . The taste was pretty decent . Same thing with Yogi 's green tea with Echinacea . I do n't know what 's wrong with this stuff . I 'm curious how Yogi 's Pure Green Tea tastes .
 This tea does have a good blend of caffine and herbs which wake you up , but seriously ... It is disgusting ... It smells terrible -LRB- and I love the smell of tea -RRB- and tastes just as bad ...
 Was really looking forward to trying this tea and expected to love it . I brewed it and was unsure as to the aroma and strong coloration . Sipped it once and never went back for more . My husband did the same thing . The taste is terrible . Threw the whole thing out . Yuck !
 I heard good things about the seasoning on the radion but when I tried it , I wanted to throw it out , the flavor was unpleasant . I like a lot of different foods from different countries so I did not expect to dislike it .
 I tried this tea because I had amazing bottled kombucha while travelling . It was an OK tasting tea - but nothing like the kombucha . Upon further research I learned about what kombucha actually is -LRB- regular tea fermented by an ancient bacteria/yeast culture -RRB- and now I ferment my own using the probiotic culture found here : Kombucha Kamp Genuine KOMBUCHA CULTURE -LRB- 1 Lrg SCOBY + 1 Cup Strong STARTER LIQUID - Makes 1 Gallon -RRB- Yogi makes the BEST flavors but I am dissapointed and dismayed at the dishonesty in calling this a kombucha tea . Putting bits of dead kombucha bacteria and yeast in a tea bag and pouring hot water over it simply can not make actual kombucha tea.Real kombucha becomes naturally carbonated by the living probiotics . It is like soda pop with no chemicals and easily takes on whatever flavors you can think up . If you are actually looking for kombucha tea , this stuff is not it . It will not have the probiotics , and high concentrations of beneficial acids and vitamins that real kombucha does .
 I have always loved Yogi Teas and have many flavors in my cupboard as I write this . I have never tried the Green Tea Kombucha flavor and would normally not write a review on an untried product , but think it 's important to set the record straight for anyone who purchases this product with the intent of gaining the benefits derived from kombucha . The beneficial bacteria , yeasts and enzymes that make kombucha so healthful can only do so if they are alive . Heat kills them , so pouring boiling water on a tea bag is going to obliterate those benefits . If you are drinking this tea for the taste or the other beneficial ingredients , then it probably does n't matter to you . However , it is extremely disappointing that Yogi Teas is using deceptive marketing to influence consumers of their tea in this way . If you want to derive the therapeutic benefits of kombucha , it is necessary to either brew it yourself using a kombucha `` mushroom '' or buy the raw bottled version in the store .
 This tea had a fruity flavor that I did not like . I just wanted green-tea with no added flavors ; This had a fruity flavor added .
 Green tea . Kombuch is supposedly good for you but this product tastes worse than dirty socks water . I was not impressed , but at least I tried . Then I got a recipe and got the stuff and mde it from scratch , and it was a little sweet but drinkable .
 When I first bought this product I fell in love , and when I stumbled across this great value of the kombucha tea by Yogi I thought it was a really good deal . Well , two week after I purchased the product ; I opened the box , and the first thing I see is Kombucha DECAF ! No wonder it was cheaper than the other prices . The original kombucha has 30 mg of caffeine , and this one has 5 mg . Okay , so it 's decaf so what ? I brewed one . I did not like it . It does not taste like the original kombucha . Plus I can not return this product ; therefore , this product gets one star . I am so upset and I will buy from another site .
 After reading that some people have issues with Kombucha tea , I Googled it and read some more . I recommend that others do the same before drinking it . I am sure that Yogi Tea produces their Kombucha in a careful environment , but it can cause health problems . It also does not appear to be appropriate for people with Candida despite some claims . It contains alcohol , sugars , fungi , yeast and molds , and a study showed that it did not improve symptoms of people with Candida . I 've been drinking it almost daily and have been having unexplained stomach aches lately and will try eliminating this tea to see if it helps , now that I know more . Again , read up on Kombucha and make your own informed decision .
 Sorry , it was terrible ! I actually threw it all out . I could n't even give it away !
 The ingredients listed under `` Ingredients '' are completely different from those listed in the product description . What gives ?
 This should be renamed Fennel tea . Because that 's all I could taste . Yes , it is the first ingredient and I probably should have acknowledged that more , but its different than chewing on fennel seeds at the end of an Indian meal . It is Fennel . Strange and sweetened by licorice -LRB- which also has a pronounced taste -RRB- . As a fasting tea , I came to see it as
 I love Yogi teas -LRB- green tea kombucha , chais , peach detox -RRB- . I was excited for Healthy fasting in concept , and the first cup was n't TOO bad . I had another the next day and the taste really did not grow on me at all . It 's sickly sweet in the worst way . It 's okay when I hold my nose , but then I breath again and just want to scrub the taste from my mouth and throat . However , I guess it works since I lose my appetite .
 First I have to say that I love Yogi tea . I love the messages on the tea bags and some flavors are remarkable ! This one , however , is horrible . I guess if you love licorice root you will like it , but I do not . I tolerate the licorice flavor in the CALM Yogi tea because it really calms me before bed and makes me feel like I am floating on a cloud , but it still manages to taste good whereas this one does not.Please do buy Yogi tea and get the Green Tea Slim Life instead - terrific taste , which tastes like green tea with berries in it - a good flavor and not an artificial flavor to it . This Fasting tea has a bitter after taste , which is all licorice root . Stay clear of this flavor but do buy Yogi Tea . I feel transformed by the messages on the tea bags , as it is ; so profound!Wise quotes from Yogi Tea by Yogi Bhajan `` The universe is the stage on which you dance , guided by your heart . '' `` The purpose of life is to enjoy every moment . '' `` Delight the world with compassion , kindness and grace . '' `` Laugh because that is your purpose in life . `` Happiness is every human beings birthright . '' `` Be happy so long as breath is in you . '' `` Real happiness lies in that which never comes nor goes , but simply is . '' `` Travel light , live light , spread the light , be the light . '' `` Practice kindness , mercy and forgiveness . '' `` Bliss can not be disturbed by gain or loss . '' `` Compassion has no limit . Kindness has no enemy . '' `` There is no love without compassion . '' `` Appreciate yourself and honor your soul . '' `` Love your soul . '' `` Grace brings trust , appreciation , love and compassion . '' `` Be proud of who you are . '' `` There is nothing more precious than the self . '' `` Love is where compassion prevails and kindness rules . '' `` An attitude of gratitude brings opportunities . '' `` Recognize that the other is you . '' `` Life is a flow of love ; your participation is requested . '' `` Where there is love there is no question . '' `` Your greatest strength is love . '' `` The best way to live is to be , simply be . '' `` When you know that all is light , you are enlightened . '' `` Your head must bow to your heart . '' `` Your greatness is not what you have , it 's what you give . '' `` Fall in love , stay in love , and it will decide everything . '' `` All that is needed is surrender and gratitude . '' `` To be calm is the highest achievement of the self . '' `` May this day bring you peace , tranquility and harmony . '' `` Old age needs wisdom and grace . '' `` Understanding is found through compassion . '' `` Love , compassion and kindness are anchors in life . '' `` Inspiring others towards happiness brings you happiness . ''
 I could not get past the sweet flavor in this tea . It leaves a brutal aftertaste . I normally enjoy Yogi tea and drink it on a daily basis , but this one just did n't work .
 I would have to agree with the other 2 rating . There is a sweet smell and taste I can not pinpoint and truly do not care for it . Maybe its the lemon grass not sure but can not tolerate it AT ALL .
 I ordered three different kinds of Yogi tea based on the great reviews -- lemon ginger , stomach ease , and green tea super antioxident . Unfortunately , they all taste exactly the same -- like licorice . If you like licorice flavor , you 'll like this tea . If you 're looking for something that actually tastes like lemon and ginger , look elsewhere .
 I am a daily herbal tea drinker . I prefer green teas , but also love red bush teas . I used to drink fruit teas and even longer ago , I drank black teas before going caffine-free . I never thought I would not like a tea . Well , this is the first one that makes me cringe and I wish to never drink it again . Unfortunately , I bought 6 boxes here at amazon with many individually wrapped bags , and I do n't want to throw my money away , so I will drink all 6 boxes -LRB- I did leave one at a family member 's house , just to be rid of a whole box -RRB- . I bought one box of the Yogi Blueberry Slim tea at the store -LRB- one box only to test it first -RRB- and it 's quite good . As the title of my review states , this tea tastes like perfumed soap , so I ca n't recommend this super anti-oxidant flavor . I do love the little tags attached to the bags carrying wise sayings : -RRB-
 The box looked tempting and I thought what the heck , but man do I regret buying this expensive crap in your mouth tea . I couldnt put my finger on what the horrible taste was until I actually read the ingredients . If you look at the ingredients you will see that it includes irish moss as large component of the mix . Stay away , it tastes as if you are licking the bottom of a tree stump in a mossy overgrown forest and then swallowing a mouthful of bark . These 5 and 4 star ratings are very suspect and I believe they are generated by employees of Yogi corporation .
 I 've tried many of the Yogi teas , and I really do n't like the taste of this one . I recommend the Rejuvination tea - it is a green tea that also fights free radicals and aging , but it has a much smoother taste .
 I bought Yogi tea after reading all the good reviews it got on Amazon . Boy , was I disappointed!It 's very very hard to drink . I forced it down my throat and it took a lot from meto hold it down . I had the puke sensation for a long time after drinking it . Now I know , why it works for weightloss . After drinking this , you do n't feel like eating or drinking anything . I also noticed that this tea has all kinds of -LRB- organic -RRB- ingredients , onlythat it is missing is Tea ! Go figure!So far I 've used 3 tea bags , the rest is going to my trash bin . What a waste of money .
 I like lemon and ginger , but it is not good when you mix both of them . I added honey in it when drunk this tea .
 I ordered three different kinds of Yogi tea based on the great reviews -- lemon ginger , stomach ease , and green tea super antioxident . Unfortunately , they all taste exactly the same -- like licorice . If you like licorice flavor , you 'll like this tea . If you 're looking for something that actually tastes like lemon and ginger , look elsewhere .
 I am very fond of Yogi Egyptian Licorice tea and when visiting my sister could n't find it at the grocery store so I picked up the Lemon Ginger which has some of the same ingredients including black pepper . I tried it 3 times but just ca n't drink it . It tastes like someone ground pepper in my tea .
 A couple years ago I drank this every day . It was rich with cardomom flavor . When I recently reordered I found that like everything else in this sorry world , the quality of the tea had deteriorated drastically . It is bland and flat compared with the spicey richness of flavor in the past . I wrote to complain ; they replied they used the same `` recipe . '' It 's the ingredients and the process that count -- not the recipe ! I may have to make it myself .
 misleading info on the product , price quoted for 5 lbs , however when follow the link it is for 1lb bag
 can not believe how over priced this coffee is there are several other on-line sellers and i located this first in store and at nearly half the asking price with no shipping charges the product is acceptable but the price is very difficult to swallow would never buy from this seller because of cost not poor product
 I 'm really not a picky person , but this stuff is horrible . It tastes awful , even when I add honey . My stomach does n't like it either , I 'm always burping & I get a nasty aftertaste . Within maybe an hour of drinking it my stomach will start to hurt and I feel a little nauseous . I recommend buying one box in store to test out before buying in bulk no matter what the other reviews say .
 I love yogi tea , pretty much every flavor I have tried . This tea tastes good but I have had no detox effects with this one . I 've used the berry detox and that one really works well so I 'm not sure why this tea is not the same . If you dont care about the detox part , the flavor is very pleasant and mild .
 bought this because of the ` Peach ' in the name of the product . Should have been labeled ` Cinnamon ' as that is the only flavor that comes out . There is ` NO ' discernible Peach flavor . very disappointed.Yogi Peach DeTox , Herbal Tea Supplement , 16-Count Tea Bags -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB-
 I like the other Yogi brands but this one not so much . It 's ok but not so great .
 First off , I 'm not super picky about teas and I do n't normally write bad reviews but I had to write a review for this tea . I regret buying this product . It tastes like those cheap teas they serve at a Chinese restaurant . I ca n't believe the company would make such inferior product . I wish they would refund my money back .
 Good green tea has a subtle , fresh , `` green '' flavor that 's hard to describe . It 's fresh and light , and some describe it as `` grassy . '' This tea is OK , but it has an undertone that is a little off for me . Maybe because it 's decaf . I 've tried several brands of green decaf , and none are good . Maybe green tea just does n't lend itself to decaffeinating . I rated this one two stars because I did n't hate it , as one star denotes , but did n't like it much either . I 'm partial to regular -LRB- caffeinated -RRB- Japanese green teas , and the genuine ones are the best .
 It tastes awful , I would mix it with herbal peppermint and other flavors and I could still taste it . Having said that I brew tea pretty strong . . Every time I would drink it I would get really nauseous , even if I had just eaten . It may just be me , but I wont buy it again , it is the only tea to do that.Anyway it did make my skin glow , and I love yogi tea products . . Just not this one it was n't worth the upset stomach .
 Not all details are given on the Amazon web site . It says no trans fat , however , it fails to say the amount of total fat which is VERY high .
 misleading info on the product , price quoted for 5 lbs , however when follow the link it is for 1lb bag
 I 'm sorry ... I tried really hard to like this tea but in the end it tasted like licking a shoe . Unless you add a whole lot of sugar to it it is very difficult to choke down . There are a multitude of better tasting herbal teas out there , this particular combination is really , really bad .
 Did I get a bad batch ? People here seemed to rate it so highly ? Very bland taste for me . Strangely enough , whatever aroma is there almost more of chamomile or peppermint than actual tea . Yes I tried a few different times -- steeping longer , less water , different temperatures . Does a better job at replicating the color of tea than the flavor . Do n't know what else to say .
 I tried the new Nesquik that was just released and it was reformulated with less sugar and other changes . The flavor is nothing like the old stuff . I have been drinking Nestle Quik for over 30 years and I am sad to say that they ruined a great product .
 I tried the low sugar product and the sugar free too . These are terrible ! I have been a Quik drinker for 50 years . It is my comfort drink on cold nights . I will not buy this new product , but I can not find the original product either . I guess Hershey 's syrup is my next choice . Do n't waste you money on the new mix . Come get mine ; I wo n't use it !
 I bought a box of this tea at my local Whole Foods . If you have never tried this tea , I recommend buying one box , like I did , rather than buying it in bulk here on Amazon . I am not pregnant , but I heard this tea had good benefits for all women of reproductive age -LRB- I 'm in my late 20 's -RRB- . So I made a large cup of this tea and went on with my day . Within two hours of ingesting the tea , I had MAJOR uterine cramps . Now , I guess this might be what they euphemistically refer to as `` strengthening the female system '' . I can not imagine drinking this when I was 6 weeks pregnant , as it seems to basically cause contractions in me after one cup . I guess it will be useful at the end of the third trimester , especially if I 'm past term . But for every day use , I do n't like it . It 's like having period cramps every day . Ugh .
 I purchased this tea from Swanson vitamins along with another brand . . `` Traditional Medicinals '' . I tried TM first . I never add sugar , honey etc. in my teas i drink it according to my husband `` John Wayne style `` The tea tasted ok . I did n't have to add an additional tea bag to taste the flavor . . it also smelled really good.Then i tried Yogi ... there was absolutely no taste and I did n't smell the flavor like i did with TM.I added 2 tea bags in about 6 ounces of water and still nothing . It was just like drinking plain hot water with a brown tint.Now as far as what health benefits i have experienced from drinking either brand . . I think it 's too early for me to tell .
 This is a very tasty tea , but you should be very careful if you are pregnant . I decided to check the ingredients before drinking it . As it turns out , there is some debate regarding the very first ingredient , raspberry leaf . It is unclear whether this is safe early in a pregnancy , or whether it should only be used at the end ... when trying to induce labor . Rather than take any chances , I threw the stuff out!I think the manufacturer should warn people not to consume this during early pregnancy , or at least advise of the risks . The advertising is irresponsible , in my view . No more Yogi products for me .
 This tea is marketed to pregnant women as safe . At least two of the ingredients -LRB- raspberry leaf and fennel seed -LRB- aka Anise -RRB- -RRB- are definite no-no 's for pregnant women . They both can cause uterine contractions which could lead to miscarriage or premature labor . This tea tastes great , and if you just want a nice herbal tea to drink that may promote -LRB- non-pregnant -RRB- women 's health , this is a great option , but beware if you are pregnant . I 'm not sure why this company would ever market this as safe for pregnancy - a simple google search or talk with a doctor will tell you to stay away from those ingredients if you are pregnant !
 Knowing I 'd save a lot of money buying these chocolates online , I instantly went to Amazon to see if they sold it.The first time I ordered Rochers from Amazon , it was during summer . When they arrived , the Rochers were all melted with chocolate dropping out of the foil wrappers . After throwing them in the freezer for a day to let them harden , the foil had been mixed into the chocolate . . I either had to break off all the hazelnut chocolate , or eat the Rocher with bits of foil in it.The second time I purchased them for Valentine 's Day . The package looked fine . . but when I bit into the first one , it was very stale tasting . The inside fudge was crumbling apart , and the wafer was real flexible , like what happens to an ice cream cone after a few minutes of dripping ice cream has been absorbed into it.Even if the price is cheaper online , these two bad experiences have made me stay away from buying any food product online .
 I switched from Organic Mother 's Milk and used to pumped every morning after feeding . I was able to get over 3 oz . After switched , I could only hardly get 1 oz . I am switching back to Organic Mother 's Milk .
 i prefer traditional medicinals mothers milk tea . i think this yogi tea has a weird after-taste . but , it did do its job
 Did nothing for my milk supply , even though I had 8 cups of tea a day.Tastes pleasant enough -LRB- thankfully , it tastes more like lavender to me than fennel -RRB- , but even though I like tea in general and drink a variety of it every day , it 's not pleasant enough for me to drink just for enjoyment . Only if I have to - provided it helps me with the supply . It does n't * . I did a `` subscribe and save '' for 1 time a month for this tea , and Amazon sent the second gigantic box to me 18 days after the first one . Now I am stuck with two boxes of tea that does n't help me and is n't yummy enough to drink every day just for fun . * I purchased fenugreek and blessed thistle in capsules and they helped a lot .
 I have consumed two boxes of this and my milk supply has dramatically decreased ! I am trying to isolate any other potential variables and will try to stick with it -LRB- since I have 4 boxes left ! -RRB- but I am disappointed . Also , this has Anise in it so it you like black licorice you should enjoy the taste . I however strongly dislike black licorice and have a very difficult time drinking it . If my supply increases later I will come back and change this review otherwise this has been a waste of money and a bad tasting experiment . *** Update , my review stayed . I will be throwing the last couple of boxes away . Not work my time or money . Too bad .
 I usually drink the Mothers Milk tea but thought I would give the Yogi tea a try . It did nothing for my supply and it tastes horrible . I got through 2 boxes and could n't finish the last four . I have a strong stomach and can usually tolerate anything . The Mothers Milk tea at least makes a difference in my supply .
 Ok , so I admit , I 've noticed that all teas promising to increase my milk supply taste nasty . So I do n't think it 's the teas fault . I think it 's just the natural herbs that increase lactation do n't taste good to me . I also ca n't notice a difference when I take it and when I do n't . And when I do take it , I try to drink 3 cups of this stuff a day . Gross .
 I bought this for my wife to help her nurse ; I had high hopes for this product , but it fell short in several areas . First , the taste of the tea is awful . The Fennel seeds are way too overpowering . There 's a reason that common teas do not include `` fennel '' as a flavor enhancer ; it has an overly strong and odd smell . Yogi has made no concession to balance out the flavor , in fact , it tastes like they just put fennel seeds in the tea bags.Which brings me to my next issue , Yogi is trying to achieve `` aqueous extraction '' with this tea . Aqueous extraction works well with leaves , but does NOT work well with unground seeds . Seeds have extra natural protections which will not allow for the best extraction of nutrients using hot water alone ; this is why coffee beans need to be ground during preparation . The Fennel/Fenugreek/Anise seeds in the tea bags are simply `` broken up '' , not ground . With this product , Yogi has accomplished the equivalent of putting ungrounded coffee beans in a tea bag and calling it coffee . The Fennel , Fenugreek , and Anise in this product are not leaves , they are seeds ; for it to work in any sort of effective way , the seeds would have to be completely ground , not just broken.Besides the poor execution in delivery of the nutrients , I was concerned to see that the product had lavender in it . Which , I do n't think is all that safe for babies to be even indirectly ingesting.I can give Yogi credit for acknowledging the wonderful natural properties of Fenugreek . But , I 'd advise buyers to take it through different means . My wife usesGNC Herbal Plus Whole Herb Fenugreek Herbal Supplement 100 Capsulesand has been elated at the increase in her production .
 I purchased Yogi because it was cheaper than Traditional Medicinals Mother 's Milk . However , this brand for some reason did not help to increase my supply at all , even with drinking 4 cups a day . However , Traditional Medicinals seemed to increase my supply significantly . I would recommend only purchasing a case if you really know that this tea will work for you .
 I drank this tea and within an hour needed to go to an after hours urgent care center ! I have had numerous herbal teas in my life , and really I get to this one and have an allergic reaction ? Definately not happy now that I ordered the six pack and only went through one cup and a sip of another cup before I started to have issues . .
 Never received the salsa and the vendor never responded to my email . Amazon reimbursed me thanks to their A thru Z guarantee . This vendor should be removed from the site .
 It 's a neet gift idea for the person that has everything but after the last box arrived I realized that I paid a lot of money for salsa that is just Ok . I 'm not sure where the Gourmet part comes in . I 've had better from the Market .
 Have not ordered this item , but after doing the math ... $ 10 per jar of salsa ?? gim me a break . there is NO salsa in the WORLD worth that amount of money . especially when we produce and can about 50 mason jars of salsa a year for about $ 30 -LRB- or less -RRB- . Learn how to can , people ! It 's something you will use the rest of your life !
 Call me a traditionalist , but I prefer the original , jam-filled Pop Tarts with none of the overly sweet frosting on top . As a child , I liked it right out of the toaster and would take it with me on the way to school . This portable variation seems to me like a misstep from the outset . The moment I ripped open the flimsy packaging , the Go-Tart bar crumbled out of my hand and onto the floor . Apparently the manufacturers at Kellogg 's decided to use the same bread-like consistency they use for their standard Pop-Tarts on this bar . Especially with the shipping aspect introduced by Amazon , I think this is a mistake since I assume the whole idea behind this iteration of the snack is the portability aspect.On top of the bar is the same execrable , sprinkle-laden white frosting I avoided once it was introduced as an enhancement so many years ago . Without the ability of toasting the bar , I find little point to the frosting except as a purposeless sugar-rush . Consequently , I can not agree with its description as a `` ready-to-eat bar '' . One bar , a little over an ounce , is 140 calories , thirty of which are fat . Even though there are more fattening bars you could eat , it still has an excessive-sounding 140 mg of sodium . I only tried the `` Frosted Strawberry '' variation because it was part of a free promotional package I received from Amazon to promote their new non-perishable grocery line . I think I 'll just stick with a granola bar if I get the kind of munchies this bar is targeted to satisfy .
 I searched every store in this area for the GoTarts before deciding to purchase them online . I was pleased with the timeliness and free shipping I received . I , however , was very dissatisfied when I opened the case of GoTarts only to realize that they had an expiration date within 30 days of my receiving them . I hope they last past that due date as my family will not be able to consume them all prior to the expiration date . I will not be ordering food from this site again in fear of this happening again .
 This was edible and did not make me vomit or anything so I can give it 2 stars . It says to put Hot -LRB- Not boiling -RRB- water in and let it sit for a couple minutes . I did this and the rice never absorbed all the water , so it was a bit crunchy and kind of gross , plus since the rice did n't absorb all the water it was more like a soup or a stew .
 GAH ! This stuff is terrible . You get what you pay for - cheap , boxed , microwaveable rice ... and it tastes just like cheap , boxed rice that has been cooked in the microwave .
 These were inexpensive and delivered promptly . Do n't buy 'em , though , unless you know for a fact you already like this brand/flavor . No amount of seasoning , butter , or even intoxicants are likely to make these edible .
 If you love ramen noodles like I do , but have a difficult time finding tapioca ramen , then this may be the choice for you . For me , it is still too pricey , escpecially when I can get eight bags of beef , oriental , chicken , or even spicy ramen at the local grocery store for a dollar . Also , the bag looks to be a little crunched . However , if the shipping price is low enough , you may be able to buy a bag with your Burger King Amazon gift card .
 I ordered these because every other flavor of Mentos is dye-free and my daughter is allergic to every artificial food color so Mentos are one of the few candies she can have . Of course in the product description no ingredients are listed for this product . These have artificial food colors unlike the other Mentos products and a horrible after-taste .
 This was a total rip off . I returned this item . It is much cheaper in the local store . The sauce itself is great .
 Why would I pay almost three times as much for the product plus shipping when I can purchase in the store for $ 12.99 for a 6 pack or directly from Fiji for half the price ?!???!? Could this be a misprint ?
 you can buy this at Trader Joes for $ 1.00 a bottle ; this joker is asking $ 2.50 per bottle .
 This product is no better than any other bottled water brands name or simple tap water . First of all , Glaceau is distilled MUNICIPAL water . Second of all , buying this product for the sole reason that it is distilled water is n't very advantageous to your health or is a waste of money . Distilled water does more harm than good . Drinking distilled water for a long period will remove necessary electrolytes from your body such as sodium , potassium , chloride , and several trace elements that are absolutely necessary for your health . These deficiencies can cause irregular heartbeat and high blood pressure . So what if it contains electrolytes . The average person is not doing very strenuous activities that requires them to drinks with added electrolytes because he/she is profusely sweating out electrolytes onto skin . Water has naturally occurring electrolytes . Also , fruits and vegetable are good sources of electrolytes .
 I did n't care for this flavor of Hamburger Helper . Must of been the way they tried to imitate the ` Italian ' flavor . It just had a weird flavor about it . I would n't buy this kind again
 The only reason this product had any flavor at all was because I added pepper to it . Other than that , it lacks any flavor and does not resemble stroganoff in any way . It would get no stars if there were an option for that .
 So the salt is fine , but the poorly designed `` cylinder '' is not very sturdy and today , while pouring some salt into a soup I was making . . the lid came apart from the canister and poured the whole container into my soup ... obviously ruining it . Buy something else and save yourself the hassle . It also CAME complete clumped up ...
 Please do some comparison shopping . Salt Works sells it for $ 3.25 . And you can find it in stores for much less than this .
 ... then choose this product . I know to expect a really dry , firm texture , but I could barely cut this product . Once I did saw off a piece of it , it was like eating leather ... oily leather . I would n't recommend ...
 the nerds it describes as Wonka Nerds , Apple-Watermelon and Lemonade-Wild Cherry are not the ones in the picture . i wanted the ones in the picture witch are wild cherry and watermellon but thats not what these are . the company that is selling them has the name of the product and the pictures mixed up .
 Yeah , Nerds have always had a great taste , but I do n't understand why the Wonka company continues to use Carmine color in their products . Carmine color , which is listed in the ingredients above , is made from the ground up bodies of the cochineal insect . So until Wonka learns that they do n't need to use ground up bugs to color their candy red , I 'm not buying .
 Darn these taste good , but do they * really * have to make them with insects ? Should be avoided by vegans , vegetarians , persons with religious diets that restrict insect consumption , and people with insect allergies .
 The quality of this soup is just okay , some of the chicken pieces have some fat bits on them -LRB- gross -RRB- . They should use trimmed white meat only . I found the same level of quality in the Heathly Choice Chicken Rice soup , so this one is at least slightly better because it uses wild rice , not white rice . Worse though - - is that I ordered my last package of these soups on March 7 and just received them today on March 28th . That 's 3 weeks transit time - just ridiculous . They used the post office instead of UPS , the post office -LRB- in my area at least -RRB- is nearly incompetent . I will never order this soup again knowing that they ship it via the post office . The Healthy Choice Veg . soup they ship UPS , so I 'll stick with that ... I get it in 3 days - that 's the way it should be .
 Cake was VERY dry and had no `` uniqueness '' about it . I think a standard Meijer cake would have been better . Probably best to visit the Sacher inn in Austria .
 My girlfriend bought me these , she has a sweet tooth and loves kid 's candy.I told her never buy me these again if she loves me . Enough chemicals in it for a nuclear explosion.It 's also fish tank gravel texture.I would not recommend this candy to my worst enemy .
 The tea was a bit too bold for me . It is probably for a more seasoned tea drinker than myself .
 I usually do n't review food products I purchase on here , but this stuff prompted me to do so . The texture of these is really disgusting . I tried making several boxes both in a pot and microwave and both ways made me literally gag . The noodles are cheap rice noodles , and the taste is something akin to salty peanut brittle . I have since tried a similar product by Annie Chun , which you can also purchase on Amazon and was far happier with the fresh noodles and ingredients in that product .
 This may be the worse thing I 've ever tasted in my life . It was awful for the taste buds and even worse for me . 1 box has 50 % sat fat . I am staying away from any Taste of Thai food .
 I followed the directions exactly and got stiff , dry noodles and a gummy tasting sauce . I wo n't buy again . Really wish I could return the other 5 boxes !
 I usually eat out , trying to save some time and money I decided to take advantage of a special offer . I have not received the rest of the food I ordered but I did get this and give it a try . I reluctantly tried it a second time and confirmed my thoughts
 I like the coconut ginger flavor of these Thai noodles , but the peanut flavor is way too sweet for my taste . I was hoping it would be spicy-peanutty . This is like a peanut butter and honey sandwich - only on noodles instead of bread . I 'm glad there are other flavors !
 I like asian noodles and I love Thai foods , but maybe it 's personal taste , I did not like this . When I tried first box -LRB- out of 6 -RRB- I could not finish . Months later when I was hungry , I tried the second box , and it was the same . I always order Pad Thai at Thai restaurant and I know how it tastes .
 I think not ! I followed the directions perfectly , even cooking the noodles longer than required , and I was left with chewy rice noodles and a salty , weird sauce . I will never buy this again . Thai is best done in the restaurants I guess .
 This tea was so weak and tasteless I wound up using two bags per cup and steeping it longer just to eke some flavor out of it . Waste of money .
 None of the sticks were broke which was good and yes the colors are vivid but they have no flavor . They all practically taste the same . There were no different yummy flavors , they all just taste like sugar . Im very disappointed because i had rock candy before and the flavor was amazing . Better with every lick . This rock candy doesnt compare . i lick and chew waiting for the flavor but you can hardly taste them . What 's the point if there is n't any flavor ??? These rock candy sticks arent any good .
 To quote my 10 year old daughter when she dove into what she considers her favorite food . `` Mom this tastes like NOTHING . `` This was abysmal . I thought we were taking a short cut . My mistake . Having made pad thai from scratch , I was shocked at how little it tasted like our favorite dish.The sauce had so much sugar in it , that out of the package it tasted more like sweet chilli sauce . As another reviewer said , there was n't enough of it and the noodles in the finished dish tasted dry and bland ... not good . The only thing I could equate it to was trying to use ketchup as a substitute for Marinara sauce . We will never bother with that again .
 I love pad thai . I bought this sauce hoping to recreate my favorite dish from a local thai restaurant.Conlusion ? It just isnt the same . Reading the ingredients , this is definetly not `` authenic '' . Palm Sugar , Tamarind , Soy Sauce , Shallot , Pickled Radish , Garlic , Soybean Oil , Salt , Chili.Its too sweet for me . I just dont really like it . This sauce uses ALOT of tamarind , you can see the chunks in it . I 'm pretty sure that my local Thai restaurant does not use tamarind , their sauce is not as dark brown . -LRB- Maybe thats the Americanized Pad Thai ? -RRB- I found a Pad Thai sauce recipe online and I think I will use instead of this sauce .2 1/2 Tbs . brown sugar1 Tbs . lime juice2 1/2 Tbs . Thai Kitchen Premium Fish Sauce1 Tbs . rice vinegar1 tsp . paprika -LRB- optional -RRB-
 Nasty . We 've been trying to find something like the plum sauce that comes with egg rolls . This is n't it .
 I bought this for a quick lunch at work . I would not suggest you purchase this product . It got one star because it had to . It is terrible . My dog would not even try it after he sniffed it and he eats everything ...
 Very flimsy tiny noodles -LRB- circa 1/4 '' long -RRB- that disintegrate almost immediately upon application of water . Extremely salty . Not recognizable as spaghetti or bolognaise . Far inferior to lunch cups made by Knorr and `` natural '' brands offered on Amazon -LRB- such as Spice Hunter -RRB- . Poor packaging does not stand up to any rough handling . Save your money !
 These look delicious and when you first chew , they are delicious . But it did not take long before I started feeling nauseated and ill . There is also a terrible aftertaste that lingers for a while . Be careful .
 Protein bars are usually not the best tasting products on the planet , but this cookies and creme flavor is just horrible ! It sticks around in your mouth for an hour and just does n't settle well . Wo n't be buying again . .
 Normally I would have rated this product high as a high-protein bar with a good flavor . However , the manufacturer has loaded the bar with artificial flavor and artificial colors -LRB- yellow 5 & 6 , red 3 , blue 1 -RRB- . Therefore I do not recommend it as a diet or health product .
 I had high hopes for these bars ... I am a huge chocolate wafer fan ! I am familiar with protein/energy bars and knew going into it that there would more than likely be a hint of that chalky protein bar flavor ... but it hit me like a brick wall with the first bite . Luckily my husband has tastebuds that are muted to flavor , so he has slowly been able to work through this box of protein bars so we were n't just throwing money away ... but wow . Just overall very disappointing . I went by reviews before deciding to purchase these , and most reviews were awesome ... so I can only assume that these are just one of those bars that is hit and miss . Some are going to love it , others are going to hate it . Unfortunately , I am in the latter group for this one . -LRB- And as a side-note , I should n't even call this a protein bar since it only contains 13g protein -- my all time favorite protein bar contains 20g . Granted , 13g is still a lot ... but if you can choke this down , surely you can choke down a 20g bar with more flavor . In the future I will stick with my tried and true Chocolate Mint Builder 's bars . -RRB-
 I ordered triple chocolate crunch bars and received cookies and cream , which are too sweet . I 've been eating them , but I do n't like them .
 The berry flavor was okay on first bite , but then the after taste hit . Could n't eat but maybe half of bar . Not sure what I will do with the rest now .
 The ingredients lists hydrogenated oil as one of the ingredients `` partially hydrogenated soybean oil '' . If there is one thing which you have avoid eating , then it is Hydrogenated oil - it is one of the primary cause of Heart disease and Cancer - the # 1 and # 2 killers.It also contains sucralose which is an artificial sweetener -LRB- sucralose is relatively safe , but it is best avoided -RRB- So , please avoid these cookies !
 my personal experince was that my blood pressure drop so much that end you calling in sick and going to urgent care . and this happened to my girl friend only she stay home and got a major headache.it only happened with Calm not with anyother product of -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Misleading description of product . Wrong picture -LRB- fiber -RRB- ? I saw others listed as `` 30-count -LRB- 6 boxes -RRB- for under $ 22.00 . '' I really thought I would be getting more than one box for $ 14.00 . I thought wrong . This is why I feel like I got ripped-off . The Splenda Store has these for $ 3.95 a box .
 The store stopped stocking this , so I bought online , over 1/2 of the pouchesin each box are useless because instead of getting powder , it 's hard as a rock in each pouch , so you ca n't get the product out .
 I do n't think this is tasty . I prefer my coffee black but thought this sounded like a good idea . If I want a change I prefer a sugar free syrup like salted caramel .
 I wish I had tried these B4 purchasing an entire case . These were awful ! I threw the rest of them out . There were so tough to chew , it hurt my teeth ! I buy many of this type of product -LRB- trying to find alternatives to `` granola bars '' -RRB- ... this is the worst one I 've ever tried .
 I wanted to make a black and white cake so I got this at a store near me . As soon as I got home I sprayed a tiny bit on my hand and licked it . It smelled and tasted horrible . I threw it out within minutes of coming home from the store . I own quite a few Wilton products but would advise against getting the black spray .
 I looked everwhere to change my daughter 's birthday cake frosting black when the frosting was white . This product sprays on and says it will give it a black color . I followed the instructions perfectly and it gave it a grayish color only if you sprayed a bunch on . The smell was awful and it looked awful . Realizing it was n't going to work I stopped and tried to scrape it off . The entire cake absorbed the flavor - it was horrible and the cake ended up in the garbage .
 DO NOT BUY THIS ! Thought this was a great idea . sounded quick and a fun way to add color to cakes . It did give color to the cake but the smell was horrible . Smellslike hair spray . Not something I want to eat or let my children eat .
 I think sometimes your just SOL when it comes to pregnancies searing heartburn . I had hopes that it would work but it did n't .
 I ordered two boxes of these , but what I received was the ` NEW ' Health Valley Raspberry Granola Bar that has different ingredients . The new bars have MILK in them , the ones pictured here do not . The ingredients that Amazon lists are not the same as the product I received . My son is allergic to dairy so I do n't buy products with milk in them . If Amazon had the correct picture and ingredient list I would never had bought them . I am so irritated by this especially since I just had a problem with potato chips that Amazon sent which were past the expiration date .
 These tasted so bad I had to spit my bite into the garbage . It tastes like alcohol , wonder if my pack was just rancid ?
 The chocolate in these bars is good . However , the chewy texture does n't scream ` granola ' to me . Also , there is a gross apple or fruity aftertaste .
 I really wanted my kids to like this , But unfortunately they do n't , it would not soak the milk so it stayed crunchy , and its bigger and bulkier than Cheerios -LRB- which was the cereal I was trying to replace -RRB- , I still think its very good quality -LRB- Organic and Non-GMO -RRB- , I will offer it to my kids as a dry snack they might like it better , or try to cook it in milk to make a sort of porridge out of it and maybe include it in my baking .
 Do not waste $ 40 on this , i really like Natures Path cereal , but this is nasty . Its soo hard it almost breaks your teeth , it takes a while for it to soften up with milk and tastes bland and hard.My kids hated it and so did i. Its the worst cereal i ` ve had & from them . But try their other products , their mesa sunrise with raisons are lovely and so is there cornflakes sweetened with fruit juice .
 My wife and two year old like this cereal , however I find them to be extremely crunchy and unpleasant to eat . I prefer the Purely O 's , just wish they came in an eco pack .
 Read the ingredients list before purchasing $ 50 worth of cereal that is NOT GLUTEN FREE . It contains whole wheat meal . I have no idea why Amazon has this categorized as gluten free .
 Remember `` Raw Bits '' , that cereal sponsor for the `` Prairie Home Companion '' ? The one made from `` oat hulls and wheat shafts '' ? By George I think I 've found it ! YES !!! This is the number one most crunchy thing on the planet , which is edible . I 've not broken a tooth yet , but my ears still ring from eating it . And I tried to like it . At first I thought I liked it . Later I thought I hated it . Then I decided that I was missing the point ; `` Raw Bits '' is not about flavor , it 's about commitment , it 's about doing the right thing , it 's about put up and shut up . Think about your Norwegian Bachelor Farmer ancestors , for gosh sakes ! Do you suppose that they whined about their cereal not `` tasting good enough '' ? Of course not!Eating Heritage O 's / Raw Bits gives shy people the courage to get up and do what needs to be done ! -LRB- Now could someone please help me find those tasty and expeditious `` Powder Milk Biscuits '' ? -RRB-
 I really wanted to love this product but the taste is so bland and boring that I thought I was eating cardboard . Buy this for someone who really has no taste buds but wants to eat healthy ! Sorry you guys . -RRB- - :
 I got these hoping they 'd be a healthy alternative and low cost option for our family 's breakfast . Unfortunately , my son has balked at this super-crunchy , wheaty-tasting cereal and , frankly , my husband is n't that big a fan either . They taste very `` raw '' -LRB- ca n't think of a better word for it -RRB- and , no matter how long you soak them in milk , they never seem to soften even slightly . These may be pluses for some people , but if you 're looking for an organic Cheerio replacement , as I was , you 'd be better off with `` Barbara 's Bakery Organic Breakfast O 's Cereal '' -LRB- also sold on Amazon , though priced higher per oz . -RRB- .
 The Heritage O 's are way too hard . Although my dogs like them -LRB- all 12 of them -RRB- , I 'm going to stick with the Heritage Flakes . They do n't get soggy either and my teeth are much safer .
 Bought them for my daughter who is allergic to wheat and dairy . They taste like ground up old shoes that have been baked too long ...
 This mix is not at all like the restaurant . I have been hoping to find a way to have Panang Curry at home , and this is not it . It is missing some key ingredient ????
 When added to coconut milk/fish sauce it just makes it tastes like spicy coconut milk . The flavor it adds is minimal . It would make it disgustingly spicy for a sweet dish if I put enough of it in to actually make it taste like panang.Ingredients
 I bought this panang curry paste because I LOVE Thai panang curry and hoped to be able to make it at home . I followed the directions and added it to coconut milk . There was almost NO flavor , and it was very spicy . The spicy-ness I can handle , but the lack of flavor was rreally disappointing . I even added more garlic to it once , another time I added some red curry paste , etc and it was still completely bland . I generally love products from this brand , but I would n't recommend this one at all .
 I got this as a retirement gift for one of my friends . The picture and description made it seem like it was a super steal . When I picked up the box off my front porch I knew it was going to be disappointing . It was so light and small . I 'm actually too embarrassed to give it as a give . It 's not work $ 30 .
 This product looks like it has a pretty tea cup with it . And it had a smooshed picture of it.Worst thing is Mother 's day is tomorrow so I can not return it ! You would be much better for the money to buy some teas for gift set.I would return these -LRB- i ordered 2 for my mom and my stepmom -RRB- , but then I will have nothing for them.the picture on the item is not accurate , that is a teacup -LRB- not the cheap cardboard one ... -RRB- DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS !!!
 This granola and also the tropical fruit one , are both way too sweet . I usually eat sweet home farm low fat granola , and some people find that one too sweet also , I agree sweet home farm has a little too much sugar , but this one , is even hard to eat , I usually eat my granola with very little milk -LRB- 1/4 of a cup for two servings -RRB- , this one the only way that I can eat is with unsweetened soy milk ... and a lot of it , with all other brands that I tried I can use regular milk .
 I love this stuff ... I eat about a bag a week of it . Healthy and nutritious ... Quinoa is a gluten-free complete protein . OVERPRICED , though . I get it at Whole Foods for $ 6.99 . $ 7.99 at New Seasons -LRB- Portland , OR -RRB- but they offer a 15 % discount for a case , which makes it $ 6.79 a bag as opposed to $ 7.15 per bag , case price , on Amazon.Not a huge difference , but what burns me is that Amazon says the regular price is $ 55.80 a case , which is $ 9.30 a bag -- 30 % above RETAIL!A while back they were selling this for a discounted price you would expect on Amazon ... something like $ 25 a case . That was a great deal . I should have bought a truckload then .
 Can be found at a brick and morter store for much less . I usually find it on Amazon for less . But , this time , Amazon lets me down . Plus , the first time i posted this message , it was censored , i suspect because i listed the store where you could purchase it for less .
 This product comes up in a Gluten Free search , but it contains WHEAT and is therefore NOT gluten free .
 Been purchasing this item from Amazon for many years . It used to be $ 23.00 for six packages of 39 oz . Now I pay $ 43.00 for 32 oz . It seems time to switch my morning favorite .
 The main ingredient , organic kamut wheat flour , is not whole-grain flour . The brown rice flour also is not made of whole-grain rice . Both of those grains are refined carbohydrates . The product 's few whole grains may be healthful , but any healthful benefits of this product are further nullified by the addition of refined sugar and two extra sweeteners . I rated the product one star because no lower rating option is provided .
 People must be fool to buy this when you can get the same thing at the asian market , chinese food stores or indian stores for only one dollar , are they seller the jar or the tamarin . be careful .
 I am a school teacher in Oakland , Ca and ordered this product to share with my students who had just finished reading a selection Re
 caused horrable wheezing had to rush my son to the dr. twice . He can only have organic snacks ... this isnt totally organic after all ... caused supset stomack as well
 We 've tried these bars several times in a few different flavors and they are always cross contaminated with dairy . I think the chocolate actually contains milk so that may be the source of the problem . My kid 's allergic so it 's pretty easy to tell when a new food is causing a problem.They 're delicious and the times we 've tried them they are never stale or too hard to chew -LRB- like the other natural crispy rice bar that is actually dairy free -RRB- . Wish they did n't have a cross contamination problem .
 These taste good , but are a bit too sweet . The sweetness level reminds me of Rice Krispie treats . Keep in mind they have 7 g of sugar and just 1 g of protein . There really is n't much nutrition in these bars ... 110 virtually empty calories .
 I also had ordered these bars and had my order cancelled . They sent an e-mail stating that this item was on back order and should ship within 7-10 days . Then a couple days later , they decided to cancel my order . It was LIE !!! They never had stuff on backorder . They just did n't want to sell it at the low price . The email indicated that I could search for it again and buy it if I wanted . Conveniently , the price jumped to over $ 18 for the 6 boxes .
 I also had ordered these bars and had my ordered cancelled . They had the money pending out of my bank account , and had sent an e-mail stating that this item was on back order and should ship within 7-10 days . Then , a couple days later , they decided they had listed the wrong price so they cancelled their orders . They should not have sent out an e-mail stating they were backordering when that was a lie -LRB- they obviously have no problem today having it in stock -RRB- . I will not order from this company again ...
 I oredered when the price was 4.99 . But they cancelled my order without reason and any explanation.The price was 4.99 few days ago and Now They changed for 18.46 . First e-mail `` They were back ordered '' ... and Second e-mail `` they will ship one month later `` and finally they e-mail me that `` your order has been canceled . Your credit card was not charged for this order . If you 're still interested in this item , please search for it again on Amazon.com . `` Obviously , They have stocks -LRB- They sell -RRB- ... . And what is the reason ? No trust !
 I ordered these bars and was sent info from vitaminshoppe that they were backordered and would be sent out later than originally posted . I later received an email from Amazon that my order was cancelled yet the item shows it in stock . I believe that the item was posted at a too low price and Amazon or Vitamin shoppe could n't keep up with the volume of orders . Very disappointed .
 When I purchased this item the ingredients on amazon did NOT say that it was made with soy oil . My son is alergic to wheat , milk , soy , peanut and eggs . I was so happy when I found this because it was affordable and -LRB- I thought -RRB- he could actually eat it . When it came I was really upset to find that it 's made with soy , not canola like it states . Amazon should fix the discription . I ended up bringing the bars into my classroom and giving them away .
 The soup is tasteless and very condense , I could n't finish even 1 bowl after the first few spoons .
 With all the natural , organic ingredients , I ca n't see how they came up with such a bland , unpalatable product . Not sweet enough , and a bitter aftertaste as well . Maybe it 's just me , but I would not recommend this particular flavor to anyone .
 These just taste weird . I do n't know how to describe it . I knew they would n't be like `` regular '' rice krispy bars , but these feel weird with a clear sticky type of glaze & have a very odd rice & peanut butter taste . They also have an aftertaste . My toddler ate half of one , but has n't asked for one since .
 Gluten free for sure , And like most gluten free items you dont quite know what to expect for the taste , knowing it wont taste like the regular `` flour '' version . All I can say is that I have a sturdy stomach , and enjoy almost any flavor . But these , well these I dont know what to say . They were bland but had a distinct taste , while not bad I would call it odd . These were not for me , and as many other reviewers have stated , not these . I cancelled my subscription to these and went and grabbed a glass of water .
 My kids and I like the other flavors and would highly suggest , but this one is not a hit .
 Great , I bought the 6 pack of these things , not realizing how awful they taste !! The reviews gave me the impression they 'd be good , but trust me , these are nasty !! They are not sweet enough , and have a weird after taste . Sort of like a peanut shell aftertaste or something . Not very pleasant . Not a lot of chewy-ness to these either , just big pieces of rice and very little chewy texture . The berry variety of these seem to have great reviews , stick with those ones if you HAVE to try the Crispy Rice Bars !!!!
 My son was very clear . `` Do not buy these again '' . Neither of my boys 2 & 7 enjoyed these bars . Our box tasted stale , but I am not sure if that is the normal taste -LRB- or not -RRB- and I will not buy another box to see . Obviously these are not for everybody even though other reviews give them raves . Now my husband and I will eat them -LRB- when we run out of anything better in the snack bowl -RRB- .
 I have purchased these before in the stores & always tasted great . Nice Peanut butter flavor . . These had a weird taste medicineyand were stale . . out of 36 i only had one , Wasnt sure if I would get my $ $ $ back so I gave them to the homeless.I purchasedother things from the vender that were ok but this was gross !!!!!
 This onion powder when mixed with a small amount of water contains many small black specks that under magnification look like animal waste . None of the other onion powder I have looks like this . I will try to contact the mfgr but meanwhile , will not use or recommend . It could cause disease .
 I was really not impressed with this . It does n't have much flavor to it , onion or otherwise . It has a tendency to clump , so if I 'm adding it to a soup or something I end up with little onion powder balls throughout . I 've never had that problem before . It just does n't taste right .
 Not impressed with the flavor.There are others with much better flavor.The grind is very very small.It may be okay for soups and stews but too powdery for sprinkling onto anything solid like a rub.In fact the directions says to mix with the broth of what you plan on adding it to first.I will probably use what I have for a brining solution for pork and chicken , along with salt and sugar .
 This is for one -LRB- 1 -RRB- yes 1 bottle of this nice product . I am very familiar with this product and knew I would like the actual product . When I reviewed possible sellers and saw this price I thought this must be for a case of the product based on the price . When I was unable to find any quantity in the description , I assumed -LRB- I understand I take some responsibility -RRB- based on the noted -LRB- $ 0.06 / oz -RRB- beside the price after a little basic math I would receive approximately 360 ounces . Instead I received one 17 ounce bottle !! Again using my basic math skills , I was able to calculate the approximate per ounce value to be closer to $ 1.27 / oz . a far cry from the .06 / oz noted in the description . Of course based on the `` list price '' of $ 58.52 it would be $ 3.44 / oz -LRB- thankfully i did not pay list -RRB- . I have learned a lesson to make sure I verify the actual quantity . Thankfully this was not a terribly expensive lesson and makes me smile as I eat my chicken wing knowing the sauce cost more than then chicken I 'm putting it on . I just consider it `` gourmet '' wings and it makes me feel better .
 I bought these bars to keep me from eating things that are worse for me . The price was outstanding ... The bars were a little stale . Some boxes more than others . I will tolerate almost anything that wo n't kill me ... so I ate them anyway . But it was definitely noticeable that they were n't fresh as the morning dew .
 Why did they have to add coconut to these snack bars ? They would have been great without the coconut . And now I find out I ca n't return them , and I 'm stuck with them . If you want them , let me know - I 'll trade you for some decent granola bars .
 Product not the same contents as have been purchasing in local co-op for the last two years .
 It is WAY too expensive here . I buy this oatmeal brand at the health food store for 2.50 each .6 of them would only be 15 dollars . The product itself is great . Very tasty .
 I am trying to eat better and this cereal was recommended to me . After I purchased it , I opened it up and ate a few puffs dry . Not too bad . However , as soon as I added milk to the mix , the cereal took on a very slimy texture . I choked the bowl down as fast as I could before it became even nastier . I would not recommend this product at all . There 's got to be something better out there .
 WHILE RICE IS A FOOD STAPLE THAT , IF STORED PROPERLY , CAN STAY NUTRITIOUS AND SAFE FOR CENTURIES , THIS WAS NOT A LEGAL TRANSACTION ON THE PART OF THE MANUFACTURER , AS THEY CROSSED OFF -LRB- OR AMAZON CROSSED OFF !!! -RRB- AJANUARY 2007 EXPIRATION DATE !!!!!!!!!!!! BEWARE !!!!!!!! FORTUNATELY , I TRIED THE PRODUCT , AFTER CAREFUL INSPECTION , AND THE VACUUM SEALED BAGS SAVED THE FRESHNESS AND WERE NOT TAINTED WITH INSECTS , ETC. - THE FLAVOR WAS GRATIFYING - THUS 2 STARS ...
 Ordered 12-pack organic rice puffs from amazon.com a week ago and received the shipment timely , but am extremely disappointed to find that only 3 of the packs were poofed and air-tight . The remaining 9 were all kind of flat indicating that the packs might have tiny holes and hence the contents will not be fresh and crispy . Was having high hopes on this product and wanted to give it to my 4-yr old as an alternative to the sugary cereals . One can understand if a pack in the supermarket is not airtight as it might have got damaged during the process of stacking , etc. . But when a product is coming in the manufacturer 's own packaging , I can not think of any other explanation but that these not-airtight packs were deliberately put into the box as it was as internet shipment and the customer can not pick and choose as in a supermarket . Extremely disappointed . What 's the use of ordering bulk ? I might as well go to the supermarket and get fresh packs . Had the majority of the packs been airtight , I might have give it a 5 star .
 This was my own fault for not reading the small print but just to save someone else my fate - these are the smallest of boxes not the movie-size boxes ! I can get this product in the movie-size for $ 1.00 locally . This small box cost me almost doouble that . Lesson learned .
 I agree with the other reviewer , these cookies taste odd and that 's an understatement . I bought them for my granddaughter and am so glad that I decided to snitch one before giving them to her . I expected a lightly sweetened cracker , but what I got was an odd plastic-chemical taste that was horrible . Ugh , now I need a real cookie to get the taste out of my mouth , lol .
 Ordered in early December for a Christmas present . The recipiant asked me where I had ordered the chocolates for they claim that the chocolates were old -LRB- maybe from last year ? -RRB- Very disappointing since it was given as a gift
 It 's artificial flavoring ! I was better off using coconut oil instead of butter -- one of the ingredients is propylene glycol ! what royal junk !
 This brownie mix is too sweet it 's so rich and chocolaty that it 's sickning when they say chocolate extreme they mean it , i wouldnt wan na get it again .
 I have been to this page three times and put item in my cart.I never get a checkout option . I do n't understand but I am through and will orderthis product elsewhere . What a deal this is !
 Not satisfied . The foil wrapping was off on more than half the bag , and when you touched them more of the foil wrapping came off .
 After reading five reviews that were all positive , I bought these for wedding favors for our Las Vegas reception . What a disaster !!! We had to quality-check every one . One out of every six were either missing part of the foils or the foil fell off ! Some of the chocolates that were missing foils were cracked . And the foil quality was poor on some of the chocolates -LRB- appears smudged on printing -RRB- . These are priced well , but I would pay the extra dollars to get a better quality product as these were terrible . Definitely not good for a wedding -LRB- we ended up having to buy other favors to put in our boxes as there was n't enough `` good '' product after all the defective chocolates had been removed -RRB- !
 :
 My grandmother wanted me to order her some old candy bars she remembered from her childhood that were in a catalog she received called The Vermont Store . Found these were cheaper on amazon so I offered to help and ordered a case of 36 -LRB- to give some away to grandkids and such for easter -RRB- Well upon arrival I was very interested in trying these , I have to say , I think they are awful . Does n't even remind me of chocolate , I tried each flavor and the horrible chocolate was so bad I could ' t even tell the difference between each flavor . I literally spit it all out after biting into them , and I do not consider myself picky in any way . I would stay away from these if you have never had them before .
 This was the first candy bar I remember as a child and was excited to find it . I loved it then . This product is discolored and tastes bad . I have 36 bars of inedible candy .
 These arrived and , when I opened one , I found that it was crushed and the chocolate was discolored -LRB- white and darker brown in various places -RRB- . I opened a second one to see if the first was an isolated case -- the second one was n't crushed , but it , too , was discolored in two places . The taste was very bad , as well . Will not order candy via Amazon again . Very disappointed
 I -LRB- sadly -RRB- received these as a `` gift '' from a relative and was severely disgusted at the quality of what I would hardly consider chocolate , let alone food . Trash this on the spot .
 This base has a fair flavor for making faux chicken soup , etc. . However it is a bit sweet . I am still searching for a better base though , something a little more * homemade * tasting ... i find myself holding back on how much of this base i really need to make my recipe and adding more spices of my own because the sweetness level fights the taste that i am after . I have to say it is better than most , but still not quite perfect . They need to tweek the recipe just a bit .
 Not only did it get to me after several weeks but the amount was so much smaller than anticipated as the jar was 3/4 filled . I can go to the most expensive gourmet food purveyor in Los Angeles and get better quality salt from Il de Re for far less money . Also , there are far better quality Il de Re versions of this salt . It is not white and flaky as it should be but grey with large crystals . Poor quality , slow to send , expensive . Never again
 Watch out for the new `` better '' taste . They added 5 more grams of sugar . It 's no longer a healthy cereal .
 At the suggestion of my doctor , I have been eating Kellogg 's Special K Protein Plus cereal for breakfast every day for several years now . A few days ago I opened a new box and discovered they have made changes in this product . What a shock . I absolutely hate the new product . I do not like the taste , I do not like the color , I do not like the slimy texture in milk . I loved the old Special K Protein Plus . I liked the taste . I Liked the color . I liked the texture . I looked forward to it every day . It was a great way to begin my day . Now I am in misery . It 's as if my best friend is no longer here.And I looked at the nutrition information and see that they have reduced the fiber from 5 grams to 3 grams per serving , a reduction of 40 percent . And they increased the sugar from 2 grams to 7 grams per serving , an increase in dangerous empty calories by 250 % . I do not need more sugar in my life.And the front of the box states `` satisfies hunger longer -- see side panel for details . I looked at the side panel and it says `` Special K Protein products are designed to promote a reduced feeling of hunger by increasing daily intake of protein and fiber '' . So they added this statement to the new box while at the same time they reduced fiber by 40 % . And they also reduced the amount of protein in the box by about 10 % because they changed the serving size . The old box had 13.2 servings and the new box only 11.96 servings . Fool me once . Shame on you . Fool me twice . Shame on me . I will not be eating Kellogg 's products anymore .
 I did n't expect this cereal to taste very good , so I was n't surprised when it did n't . If you want that extra kick of protein , I suggest mixing it half and half with a better tasting cereal . The protein did leave me feeling more full throughout the morning , but I took no pleasure in eating it . To make matters worse , the flakes are very thick and large , which makes them even harder to swallow . If you 're going to make a bad tasting flake cereal , please have the courtesy to make the flakes smaller so they do n't scrape my throat while I 'm gagging on them . For some people , the ends justify the means . If you are one of these people , go ahead and buy it . I like a little more flavor in the morning , so I do n't think I 'll be buying it again .
 Updated review September 2012 ... This reformulated product is longer appropriate for low carb diets . I called Kellogg to complain and got sympathy as the agent said she is diabetic but I have heard nothing since although she did take my email and snail mail address -- not even a coupon ! Do n't buy this cereal !
 I am forcing myself to eat it . It is like cardboard with cinnamon graham cracker flavoring . If you want high protein , save your milk and use it for a whey protein shake .
 I have a feeling that the bad reviews out here are from people who are impossible to please . No , this is not the greatest tasting cereal ever but it blows away anything else on the market claiming to be low carb . A low carb cereal is sort of an oxymoron anyway . After 30 long years , I finally found the key to losing weight and it was a low carb lifestyle . Do yourself a favor and do a little research on carbs and how they affect your body ... it 's rather alarming and why doctors and dietitians do n't make you aware of this is even more alarming . I have eaten this cereal everyday for the last 3 years and I look forward to it every morning . If your store does not carry this item , just ask . It 's a Kellogg 's product and they can get it.Update
 Unfortunately , this cereal is almost tasteless and what 's even worse is that it gets soggy far too quickly . Now I 'm stuck with over 3 and 1/2 boxes of cereal that I just have no desire to eat . Yuck ! Big waste of money .
 I 'm not a fan of High Protein Low Fat foods but I thought I 'd give this a try since regular special K and the other special K flavors were all so good . I ca n't eat this stuff , I even tried mixing it with other special K flavors ... and in the end I still wince when I have to eat this Protein Plus stuff . It 's no wonder it 's 10X more healthy than the regular stuff . It has this odd flavor to it that leaves a nasty feeling in my mouth . I really do n't know what other reviewers are talking about and I ca n't imagine trying to eat the other worse cereals they 're talking about . Unless you 're a health nut , this stuff might be hard to swallow .
 This was a great cereal but the shameful Kellogg 's has done a `` bait and switch . '' This is now a high carb/high sugar cereal with the same name . I guess their bean-counters are calling the shots now , and not the nutritionists.About four weeks ago I sent Kellogg 's an email to their customer office requesting that they contact me regarding this cereal and I am still waiting for a response.Will Kellogg is rolling over in his grave .
 If you 're looking to buy this item online it 's probably because you love it and ca n't find it anywhere else . So , I wo n't try to change your mind but let me just say that as a health-conscious , natural food nut , this cereal seemed worth a try , especially since I love the regular special K , but I found it to be tasteless and roughly the texture of chopped particle board.For someone on a low-carb diet , I 'm sure this probably beats some other low carb cereals , but I could n't tolerate it without an extra 1/2 tsp . sugar in the bowl . I tried giving it to hubby , without telling him I hated it , just to see if I could get rid of the box , but he wo n't eat it either .
 Tastes like a mixture of sea water and old stale coffee grounds . Gave it to a friend and he did n't like it either . Ended up trashing it .
 I 'm flabbergasted by the glowing reviews that `` truffle oil '' is receiving on Amazon ! Those of you espousing a desire to drizzle this stuff on your food might be sorely disappointed to learn that the truffle flavor in those tiny $ -LSB- ... -RSB- bottles of `` truffle oil '' are made in a laboratory . There 's not a molecule of actual truffle in them . It 's a sinful shame that 's perpetuated despite being outed a few years ago in an enlightening New York Times article called `` Hocus-Pocus , and a Beaker of Truffles . '' Read it and weep
 They charged me $ 10.00 for shipping and handling . I figured , okay , it is in a temperature secure package and they rush it because it is perishable , but no , it came in a regular box , and it was sent out before a holiday weekend , so it spent extra time floating around . Once it arrived it was not ` individualy wrapped ' , but two large bags in one box . The main ingredient if vegetable shortening and the flavor and texture is about the same as frosting off the baking shelves at my grocery store . Waste of time and money , but if you are n't picky the flavor is okay .
 These `` natural truffles '' are a real travesty of chocolate . Absolutely disgusting . Want to know why the package does n't display the word `` chocolate '' anywhere ? Because they 're not legally allowed to . These `` truffles '' do not fit the Food and Drug Administration 's legal definition of chocolate . I 'm not joking . These things are composed entirely of palm oil with a light dusting of cocoa powder . Cocoa powder , aka `` cocoa solids '' , do not contain cocoa butter as does chocolate liquor , and do not satisfy the definition of chocolate . These are a substandard imitation of true chocolate , which is readily apparent in their similarity in consistency to Crisco . The reason they are made with palm oil is because it is significantly cheaper than cocoa butter . It 's a cheapness you can taste , definitely . Believe me , I am no connoisseur of chocolate , and no purist by any means . They 're just plain bad . Hell , a Hershey 's bar is less fake than these .
 The main ingredient in chocolate is not shortening , but it is in these.They have a vary poor chocolate flavor , and an even worse texture -LRB- tastes like eating grease -RRB- . if you want real chocolate truffles look to other makers .
 the truffles were melted into one solid block of chocolate . they also had a very artificial taste . overall not a good purchase .
 I tried cocoa dusted chocolate truffles once and they were magnificent . I do n't remember the brand , but I was hoping these would be just as good . Unfortunately , these are really mediocre . There is no luscious chocolate flavor -- very bland . Even my 12 year old who loves chocolate said these were `` just okay '' . I 'll have to continue my search for delicious chocolate truffles elsewhere .
 After opening one of the packages I found all the truffle pieces melted together.I was going to give them as a Valentines gift and I 'm sure glad I decided to have them instead.What do I do now?Rhys Talbot
 one of the packages has already melted when i receive it -LRB- another one is ok.really upset about this .
 These chocolates may be fabulous -- I hope so , as I sent them as a gift . I thought that the shipping charges on my order looked high , but I was in a hurry so I ordered a bunch of gifts , including this one , without examining too closely . Anyway , the shipping charge for this product alone was over $ 11 !! The same price as the product itself . I am giving 1 star because I think this is TACKY to make the product cost double what you think it will by tacking on a such a ridiculous `` shipping and handling '' charge . Beware !
 I ordered these truffles , and it showed up in one giant melted heap of chocolate ! The chocolate was good , however - I used it to make fondue ! Careful with the shipping , though . Maybe 1-2 say delivery would be best .
 My order came as 1 large blob . The wrappers were mix into a 2.2 pound chocolate turd . It looked like they had been melted and become solid several times . If it did n't go through this remelting process , I assume it would taste better .
 This is my first Amazon review - ever . I feel THAT compelled to keep you from buying this product - I bought these `` Truffles imported from France '' for a Champagne Tasting next month , and gratefully , I tried the product and they were simply disgusting - Please know that I love chocolate , am not picky , someone described them as `` waxy '' - they should be taken off the market - THAT bad . Stay away .
 Ate one Truffette and it tasted terrible , ate a second to make sure that the first was n't a fluke , and the second tasted even worse . They have the sickening taste of moldy bitter sweet chocolate used in making chocolate fudge . They are not sweet nor tasty in any sense of the word . They leave a bad taste in my mouth and an unpleasant feeling in my stomache . I will never again pay any attention to the reviews on Amazon . How anyone could report that this awfull concoction is good or great is far beyond me . I may have received a bad lot , but I doubt it . Obviously , a number of reviewers of this product who rated it four or five stars would rate cow dung as delicious . Buy a fifty cent candy bar at your local food store instead of purchasing this awful concoction , at least they taste sweet and do n't leave you rushing to the frig for something to kill the taste of Chocmod Truffettes .
 The chocolates are already melted when I got the package . . and the product looks old . . Have only 3months to be expired . -LRB- the expirated date is after 3 months ... -RRB-
 I love real truffles made of real chocolate , i bought 2 packs of these truffles in Costco , i was so dissapointed when i tried them , you wont enjoy it at all , its like eating butter , its awful , i love real french truffles , Cemoi truffles are the best you can find in usa!dont waste your money , you will throw them away !
 Product arrived as a congealed mass . Not a single truffle survived intact during shipping ... unmitigated disaster ! Do n't waste your time and money!The Lindt bar chocolate that I ordered separately arrived at the same time but in pristine condition .
 After having had truffles that were made in and from France , we ordered these believing they would be similar . They were not . The label is deceptive at worst , misleading at best .
 After reading good reviews , I ordered the truffles during the holiday season . I am a chocolate lover and I was highly disappointed with the truffles . The taste as well as texture was not up to the mark . You 'll be better off spending your money else where .
 I do n't mean to be disrespectful to the other reviewers - and we are all wired a bit differently , I know , especially the taste buds - but these truffles are substandard and quite nearly inedible.You people are simply not chocolate connoisseurs or , simply put , you have never had `` proper '' truffles . How could ANYONE imagine that these are the best chocolates they have ever eaten ? It staggers the mind.Do yourselves a favor and try some real , well-made truffles - you will be surprised . These are NOT it - even though these are made in France - that was the reason I bought them ! The person for whom I purchased these candies said `` these things are a triumph of quantity over quality . '' How true , how true.How can one champion a truffle that lists as its very first ingredient PALM OIL - followed by SUGAR and Reduced Fat Cocoa Powder and then WHEY ? Palm Oil , Sugar and Whey do not , in this case , contribute to a quality product . These things taste as if a third-grader whipped them up - they are leaden , oily , and , yes , A TRIUMPH OF QUANTITY OVER QUALITY . Triste !
 I am sorry to say I recv 'd a box of these as a Christmas gift . They were simply awful and I tossd away . However , what saved the day was that my husband and I buy at `` TJ 's '' Trader Joe and you can buy a truffle similar to this -- box looks kinda the same BUT ITS NOT !! texture taste and shelf life -LRB- they get eaten quick -RRB- are wonderful !! packaged as a lot -LRB- not individually -RRB- in a cellophane bag then the cardboard packaging-is fine . We serve them now at all our dinner parties and just for nibbles . . Go to TJ 's .
 I learned after the fact that the same product was 2.98 cheaper at a wholesale club and the $ 9.98 was a rip-off . I will never order from this company again and I hope Amazon takes them off their vendor list .
 These same chocolates can be purchased at a wholesale store for less then half of the price , before you add in the crazy shipping charge . I found that out after I had placed my order here , unfortunately . And when they did arrive , they were completely melted , because the delivery person left them out on the porch . As far as flavor goes , most people that tried them thought they were bitter .
 You get what you pay for . These are not very good at all . If you 've had good truffles , you will find these very disappointing . Costco was selling these two pound packages for $ 10 or was it two for $ 10 ? I do n't recall but I got two . I took the one I had n't opened and returned it and through the mostly uneaten package away . I should have checked the ingredients first . Good chocolates or any candy for that matter will never have vegetable oil as the main ingredient .
 Last night I spoke with Jane Newman and she told me that the truffles I sent as a Christmas gift were moldy . How awful ! I did n't ask her whether or not she contacted the company . I apologized profusely and was terribly embarrassed . I wo n't be ordering anything from that company again .
 Melted in transit . Need I say more ... . and its been very cold here ... 20-40 degrees .
 If you are willing to pay $ 22 for the box , then buy it . I 've had them before and they do taste good , but not $ 22 good .
 Well I can tell you this chocolate when purchased from a store , where it is refrigerated is awesome . . !! However , when purchasing it over the internet and having it shipped to your residence . . that 's another thing . First off UPS ca n't find their way even with GPS . . so I did n't receive my 4.4 lbs of candy until a week after it had arrived at the wrong address . . When I opened it , it was 4.4 lbs of solid chocolate in two individual bags.USE extreme caution when ordering this stuff over the internet !!!!!!!!!!!
 I thought these were the same as I purchased at Christmas time from Costco . I purchased these for Valentine 's Day and they are just awful - they taste like cocoa covered lard . Do n't care what the price is - I 'd rather have a delicious taste like the ones from Costco -LRB- they do n't have them anymore -RRB- . I do n't know how anybody can say these taste delicious !! They have no taste at all .
 I bought based on all the positive reviews . The first couple of truffles I thought tasted pretty good but after the 3rd or 4th , I rapidly lost my appetite for it . The rest of my family lost interest after one or two as well and no wants to eat anymore so I chucked the rest in the trash . Was anyone actually able to finish an entire box ??? Yuck .
 The truffle package arrived with two severely damaged corners -LRB- bottom -RRB- , and some of the contents are crumbled . I intended to give this as part of a holiday gift , but now can not . The order information says that this item can not be returned because it is a grocery . It would be great if the seller would contact me to facilitate a return , refund or exchange .
 The people saying , `` these are the best chocolate truffles I 've ever tasted '' have obviously never tasted a real chocolate truffle . These things , while they 'll satisfy a sweet tooth , are NOT chocolate . Search the box ; you wo n't see the word `` chocolate '' anywhere . They are made of vegetable oil flavored with some cocoa . Try a Teuscher 's Champagne Truffle , and then tell me if these vegetable oil balls are still `` the best truffle '' . Not even close . Not even in the same universe as a real truffle .
 I 've had good truffles before that looked very similar , but these were disgusting . They tasted waxy and were melted into one lump that I had to break up . It was some of the worst chocolate I 've ever tasted and I had to spit it out .
 it arrived completely obliterated . not really acceptable to gift anymore . oh well , back to brick and mortar stores for me ...
 The chocolate is delicious . But this seller sent melt chocolate to me ! They are melt ! I guess it expires . I did n't find the expiration date on the box .
 This is not real chocolate , there is no coco butter inside at all . You get what you paid!This is not real chocolate , there is no coco butter inside at all . You get what you paid !
 We were given these as a gift , and as a chocoholic I ate a few and thought they were good . However , I woke up a few hours later with an upset stomach and threw up . I now realize that they are just too rich and the cocoa powder makes them very acidic or bitter , so I can never eat more than one or two now . No other chocolate or food has done that to me before .
 The only thing special is that they really melt in the mouth , but just this . Ordinary flavor . Could not finish even half bag.Try Leonidas or Godiva instead .
 I 'm only giving these ` truffles ' a one star rating because there is no ZERO star rating ... I am a lover of chocolates of all kinds , I am always looking for a tastier candy experience , which is why I tried these . If you judge by the majority of reviews , you 'd think these are pretty darned good - but I ate one . Only one . I threw the entire pack in the trash - all 2 + pounds of it . I have never done that before , but these were just gross . They were all melted together into a brick , and the taste , once I got one free , was just , well ... disgusting . I read the ingredients , and then I knew why I hated them - the number ONE ingredient in these ` chocolates ' is vegetable oil . And Palm oil , at that . I HATE palm oil ! It tastes greasy and unpleasant , even when it is NOT the primary ingredient in a snack . PLEASE save your money and buy Ferrer-Roche -LRB- sp -RRB- or Godiva , or even Linden - all of those are yummy , if overpriced , tasty treats . I would n't even give these to people I did n't like , let alone my own family . Save your money , just because they are ` French ' , it does n't make them good - take it from me , I say ` C'est tres YUK ! '' Yuk-a-doodle-do !
 I tried these a few years ago ... they tasted great ... . and then i got extremely sick ... i do n't know what it was . . i hear it has a lot of hydrogenated oil . I eat extremely healthy . I never eat oily foods . may be that 's it . who knows .
 To me these were like a cross between a fruit rollup and all bran cereal . They were dry and chunky and not very tasty . I 'm sure if you are into healthy foods and think solely of the health benefits versus something more tasty , then these may not be too bad . I bought them for my children to eat as snacks , they about gagged them up . I think perhaps I will try to find something with a little less fiber and a little more taste .
 When at our Washington DC home , I found great curry sauces and other Indian Simmering sauces at Trader Joe 's . This was OK if you ca n't find a store near you with Indian condiments and cooking things . I find it hard to wait for anything edible thru the mail !
 This brand of demi glace has no flavor and is very watery even when cooked down . A good demi glace should have lots of flavor with a syrupy consistency . A spoonful should even go along way . This one fails .
 I looked through the catalog for Liberty Orchards a long time . I was looking for the apple candies . I had tasted my first that day . I thought I was ordering a tin as pictured with four different flavored bites , but when I got my order for $ 23 or more , it was a tiny 10 oz . bag . Why in the world would you not picture the bag of candies for this item , instead of the whole tin . I had studied the book for a long time , and thought I was getting a good deal . No good deal there , and I am disappointed . I am the idiot . I 'm buying my stuff in the stores from now on .
 I 'm flabbergasted by the glowing reviews that `` truffle oil '' is receiving on Amazon ! Those of you espousing a desire to drizzle this stuff on your food might be sorely disappointed to learn that the truffle flavor in those tiny $ -LSB- ... -RSB- bottles of `` truffle oil '' are made in a laboratory . There 's not a molecule of actual truffle in them . It 's a sinful shame that 's perpetuated despite being outed a few years ago in an enlightening New York Times article called `` Hocus-Pocus , and a Beaker of Truffles . '' Read it and weep
 Length :
 The bars arrived from ` Indian Foods ' in Houston today . They are all melted and hardened into lumps ! I know its hot in Houston in the summer but to send out a product like this does not do Amazon 's reputation any good at all . I DO NOT recommend buying this product from Amazon if the supplier can not supply a decent product . I will attempt to be reimbursed by Amazon for this product.Went back to Amazon who referred me to the seller . Money refunded with good will and personal recommendation to not buy during hot weather . Good advice and , since I want my Lion Bars , will reorder when the weather cools . The supplier seems a very decent and ethical person with whom I 'll be doing business in the future . .
 Candy bars arrived with an expiration date of Feb. 2011 - almost a year out of date . Not eligible for return per Amazon , had to throw in the garbage .
 I have always enjoyed the Lion bar but will not risk buying again as they are stale . Would not recommend purchase .
 This chocolate bar tastes average at best . My memory is that the Lion bar had a better flavor -LRB- stronger chocolate taste , higher quality , etc. -RRB- the last time I purchased it in England . Perhaps the recipe has changed , but , when I looked at the ingredients on the label , I could n't read them , as they were written in Polish . This product is seemingly not imported from Ireland as stated in the Amazon item description -- or , if so , it was imported from Ireland to Poland , from whence it came . Either which way , a confectionery disappointment .
 When I got these , I was very excited to try them , but when I opened up the individual bars , they had that white powdered over look of old chocolate , figured OK , maybe I can open the rest and find a good one . WRONG . They were all this way , which sucks , because now I still have to hear my friend from the UK talk about them and I have no clue what they taste like . Needless to say , I 'm throwing them out .
 These bagels are very sticky in the mouth , while being very , very plain . They have almost no taste , and are difficult to chew .
 I am not sure how I would have liked the Lindt Chocolates because I never got them . What I did recieve was the Ferror Rochelle chocolates . I sent them on as a Christmast present anyway because there was no time to re-order .
 I used to purchase this product at local stores -LRB- TJMaxx , Marshall 's -RRB- but I could not find it there anymore . Looked online and purchased some through Amazon.When purchased before , the spices seemed fresher with more taste and aroma - these were very nondescript - I would call them stale . The expiration dates are a ways out , so I do n't understand the reason for the staleness . Maybe I got a bad lot.Also , it took a few weeks to receive the product . Not sure why this was , since the product was in stock when purchased .
 I benchmarked many truffle oils before ordering this one . I ordered it because it is organic , and the only ingredients listed are Olive Oil and Black Truffles . When my order arrived , I noted that there was no indication on the labeling that the product was organic . Also , the ingredient was listed on the label as `` black truffle aroma '' . Black truffle aroma is a manufactured product , not natural , and is chemically induced by bubbling chemical gases in the oil . There are no truffles used in manufacture . I am not an expert on what is `` organic '' , but bubbling chemicals into an oil to induce an artificial flavor does not seem `` organic '' to me . Buyer beware !
 These little things are great for the peanut butter / Hershey 's kiss cookies . But there is no way im gon na pay $ 41 for a bag . No thanks ill use the big ones .
 I purchased this gum , hoping it would be a wonderfuland long lasting grape flavor but neither proved to be true .
 i was recently diagnosed w / gestational diabetes ... thus began my quest for a yummy protein bar ... this is n't it . i 'm giving it 2 stars because my blood sugar levels were within the desired range after having it as a snack . i 'm going to try the other flavors , but this one definitely is not one i 'd like to have again .
 I just ate a Think Thin bar and I am in a lot of pain . I thought I had food poisoning but when I called the company that makes this product they informed me that some people get sick due to the sweetener in the product . So , I did some research and the biggest con for the sweetener Maltitol , used in this bar , is bloating , gas and diarrhea . Its too bad because it taste great but not worth the pain . Be sure you can stomach the bar before you eat it .
 Purchased approximately 24 of these bars in different flavors -LRB- the chocolate fudge being my personal favorite , though the brownie crunch is also tasty -RRB- . The texture is a bit chewy but the flavor is good ... for a protein bar . Not necessarily on par with the average sugar-filled candy bar of course . The carb/sugar/protein content is on par with most higher end Gluten Free protein bars I 've discovered -LRB- including Quest Bars and NoGii -RRB- . All things considered - flavor , consistency , and quality , I 'd likely give these 4 stars . The issue , however , is that after eating about 6 bars with no issues , I began having gluten reactions to the next three I attempted to eat . Needless to say , no matter how much protein you consume , your workouts are not going to go well if you 're horribly sick.I have written to the company to complain , but can not afford to take this risk , especially with other comparable bars available . I caution anyone with Celiac Disease to try these at your own risk , they say GLUTEN FREE on the label , but something was not or a batch became contaminated . I 've been a diagnosed Celiac for over 10 years and I -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- know the reaction all too well and this bar sparked it.Although I wanted to support this bar for it 's high protein content and GF label , I will not buy Think Thin bars again for this reason . I 've moved to Quest Protein Bars for now as I 've never had any gluten or allergic reactions to those -LRB- and they tend to taste better if you like an almond/caramel type flavor -RRB- Quest Bar 2.12 oz . Low Carb , Gluten Free , High Fiber Protein Bars -LRB- Box of 12 Bars -RRB- - though you 'd likely want to buy these from the actual site as they are much cheaper there.Otherwise , if you have no food allergies or specific dietary constraints , these might work for you ... good luck !
 I did not buy this bar -LRB- in the Creamy Peanut Butter flavor -RRB- from Amazon , but bought one at the grocery store to try it , lured in by the high protein content and the fact that the bar is gluten-free . Unfortunately , I thought it tasted terrible - with a chalky , somewhat grainy texture , as well . I would certainly go with a Balance , Luna , Clif or Pure Protein bar before purchasing another one of these . I also have the White Chocolate variety - will hope for better taste with this one .
 I returned this item because it contains palm oil . Bad for the body and VERY bad for our planet .
 I buy several of the Think Thin bar flavors - tried this one and found , to my dismay , that it has a pronouonced coconut flavor , which is okay if you like coconut . Flavor is darker , but muddier , and ingredients list a fractionated palm kernel oil , which is not in the other bars I buy . Would not purchase it again .
 i was recently diagnosed w / gestational diabetes ... thus began my quest for a yummy protein bar ... this is n't it . i 'm giving it 2 stars because my blood sugar levels were within the desired range after having it as a snack . i 'm going to try the other flavors , but this one definitely is not one i 'd like to have again .
 I buy several of the Think Thin bar flavors - tried this one and found , to my dismay , that it has a pronouonced coconut flavor , which is okay if you like coconut . Flavor is darker , but muddier , and ingredients list a fractionated palm kernel oil , which is not in the other bars I buy . Would not purchase it again .
 i was recently diagnosed w / gestational diabetes ... thus began my quest for a yummy protein bar ... this is n't it . i 'm giving it 2 stars because my blood sugar levels were within the desired range after having it as a snack . i 'm going to try the other flavors , but this one definitely is not one i 'd like to have again .
 I returned this item because it contains palm oil . Bad for the body and VERY bad for our planet .
 Purchased approximately 24 of these bars in different flavors -LRB- the chocolate fudge being my personal favorite , though the brownie crunch is also tasty -RRB- . The texture is a bit chewy but the flavor is good ... for a protein bar . Not necessarily on par with the average sugar-filled candy bar of course . The carb/sugar/protein content is on par with most higher end Gluten Free protein bars I 've discovered -LRB- including Quest Bars and NoGii -RRB- . All things considered - flavor , consistency , and quality , I 'd likely give these 4 stars . The issue , however , is that after eating about 6 bars with no issues , I began having gluten reactions to the next three I attempted to eat . Needless to say , no matter how much protein you consume , your workouts are not going to go well if you 're horribly sick.I have written to the company to complain , but can not afford to take this risk , especially with other comparable bars available . I caution anyone with Celiac Disease to try these at your own risk , they say GLUTEN FREE on the label , but something was not or a batch became contaminated . I 've been a diagnosed Celiac for over 10 years and I -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- know the reaction all too well and this bar sparked it.Although I wanted to support this bar for it 's high protein content and GF label , I will not buy Think Thin bars again for this reason . I 've moved to Quest Protein Bars for now as I 've never had any gluten or allergic reactions to those -LRB- and they tend to taste better if you like an almond/caramel type flavor -RRB- Quest Bar 2.12 oz . Low Carb , Gluten Free , High Fiber Protein Bars -LRB- Box of 12 Bars -RRB- - though you 'd likely want to buy these from the actual site as they are much cheaper there.Otherwise , if you have no food allergies or specific dietary constraints , these might work for you ... good luck !
 I did not buy this bar -LRB- in the Creamy Peanut Butter flavor -RRB- from Amazon , but bought one at the grocery store to try it , lured in by the high protein content and the fact that the bar is gluten-free . Unfortunately , I thought it tasted terrible - with a chalky , somewhat grainy texture , as well . I would certainly go with a Balance , Luna , Clif or Pure Protein bar before purchasing another one of these . I also have the White Chocolate variety - will hope for better taste with this one .
 i was recently diagnosed w / gestational diabetes ... thus began my quest for a yummy protein bar ... this is n't it . i 'm giving it 2 stars because my blood sugar levels were within the desired range after having it as a snack . i 'm going to try the other flavors , but this one definitely is not one i 'd like to have again .
 I just ate a Think Thin bar and I am in a lot of pain . I thought I had food poisoning but when I called the company that makes this product they informed me that some people get sick due to the sweetener in the product . So , I did some research and the biggest con for the sweetener Maltitol , used in this bar , is bloating , gas and diarrhea . Its too bad because it taste great but not worth the pain . Be sure you can stomach the bar before you eat it .
 When I found the product on Amazon it was Origional Bottle and origional Label from many years ago , and across the page the new label `` Perfect Pinch '' as you show it . I clicked on the old origional and believed that , that was what I would receive . It was not what I received and I was very saddened to have been deceived . . I received the `` Perfect Pinch '' which I had seen in stores and tried . It is not even close to the same . The `` McCormick Perfect Pinch Origional Chicken Seasoning '' is not perfect ... much more sage than the origional , totally different taste.The origional was , `` McCormicks Fried Chicken or Chicken Fried Seasoning '' . It was pulled off the market , but came back claiming to be the origional but the name had changed from `` McCormicks Fried Chicken Seasoning '' , to just `` McCormicks Chicken Seasoning '' , but it was okay . Now this `` Perfect Pinch '' is all wrong . The origional was a perfect seasoningThis is a perfect example of `` If It Ai n't Broke Do n't Fix It '' . I truly regret this has happened when for 15 / 20 yrs or for as long as the origional was out there , I would buy every bottle on the shelf . My entire family and numerous friends lived by it ... If you get one thing perfect ... you 'd think you 'd have the sense to leave that `` One Thing Alone '' . Trust me , it was a top seller . . I 've searched every store front from The Mexican border to Canada , and East Coast to West Coast trying to find the origional . . `` BIG MISTAKE MCCORMICK '' ! TLFLP
 We have been searching for The ORIGINAL McCormick Chicken Seasoning forever it seems . This is NOT it !! The taste is not the same.The aroma is not the same-even though it says `` original '' . Very disappointed .
 We bought this Kikkoman Plum Sauce from our Grocery Store . It was for a hung roasted whole duck from the local Asian Market . This duck was as good as Duck I 've had in Hong Kong . We made our own pancakes/crepes Hong Kong style . We cut Fresh green spring onions.We tasted this sauce before ruining our duck . The sauce was absolutely the worst . Bad flavor , bad smell . Not real Plum Sauce , it 's mostly bad Soy Sauce . We returned it . Bad stuff .
 Buy this from the supermarket or drug store for $ 3 - $ 4 , which is way cheaper than $ 9.49 being charged for this item . I thought there were multiple bags in the pack but its only one bag : -LRB-
 I hate getting ripped of . .8.99 for one bag of Carmels is a rip when you can buy them for 1.89 at WALMART all day long . . i was led to believe i was buying muliple bags . . and then they want to charge me 6 dollars to return the bag . . bull . . i will eat them just keep leaving remarks like this
 The look of the bag is deceiving because when you taste the caramel , the favor is only there for few seconds before turning into impossibly edible lump of a matter . Kraft needs to redo the formula to make the taste to last longer .
 These looked wonderful and were a birthday present for a close friend . When they came the foil was all stuck to the candy . We tried to unwrap a couple and it made a bigger mess with the paper sticking terribly to the candy . In the end we were able to taste the tiniest piece which just made us more disappointed and angry since it was delicious . We would never order these again or do business with this company . And living in Florida was not the problem since we paid BIG prices for the candy and shipping , it was not hot and the package was literally put in our hands from the truck , so it did n't sit outside . Big Big disappointment .
 Does n't taste like rum , not even a little bit
 When originally produced in England these we 're the best chips I had ever tasted but unfortunately since they were bought out by the US conglomerate they now taste plain nasty . Hard rather than crispy , are much thinner than they used to be and lacking any flavour , a real shame .
 after opening numerous bags I found that none of the chips had any flavoring on them . completely plain and gross . how does this even happen ?
 I 've bought these at the local supermarket and enjoyed them although they are so salty that a few leave my tongue and roof of my mouth burning . Keeps you from eating too many ! Occasionally I get really stale items from Amazon.com and this was one . Unedible . Beware of the quality of food items on this website that are on special as they can be very close to due dates or in this case , not expired but stale and unedible just the same .
 Got these Kettle Chips Sea Salt & Vinegar -LRB- 15 5oz bags -RRB- and was not impressed . Tasted kind of flat . I was eating some out of the bag , when I looked down into the bag and noticed a hole in the bag about the size of a sesame seed . Then I started looking at all the unopened bags and MANY of them had this type same hole . Some bags had multiple holes . One bag had a hole the size of a dime at the bottom of the bag like a rodent had got to it . The box they shipped in had NO holes so they we 're packed this way . So much for quality control and who ever let these ship should be fired . Needless to say I 'll never be eating anymore Kettle products and expect a full refund from Kettle or Amazon.M . Martin
 Kettle Brand chips used to be so good ... oily , crunchy , flavorful . I suspect the company has been bought out and the recipe has been changed for the worse . Now they 're no better than any other big name brand chip . Try the Good Health Kettle Style Olive Oil chips instead . They are as good as the Kettle Brand once was . R.I.P. , Kettle Brand chips . : -LRB-
 ... you can absolutely forget about these . Confirmed by other reviewers , these chips are now total garbage . Like chewing on styrofoam packaging `` peanuts '' . Positively awful , no hyperbole or exaggeration . I 'll NEVER buy anything from Kettle brand ever again ! From a reportedly once great `` premium '' brand , literally any mass market chip I 've ever tried tastes better than these . Stale and rancid tasting , and virtually no salty taste whatsoever . Completely awful !
 These chips are nasty . I thought someone had spilled a drink in the bag , no the chips were just soaked with grease . Nasty !!
 I really love Kettle brand chips , but these are rather disappointing . There is very little sour cream or onion flavor .
 I agree with the other review , these chips are not for a sore mouth or tender gums . The chips are very hard and the taste is delightful if you enjoy the salt/vinegar combo . Unfortunately , every bag I received in that case was over cooked ! They were very dark and only a few golden brown chips in each bag . They definitely need to improve that !
 I Was sent 3 week past `` Fresh by date '' stock . Chips are noticeably not fresh in taste . Wo n't order again.EDIT
 and THAT is the problem . I order these by the case of 12 - and when they are good , which is over half the time they are the BEST kettle chip , THE BEST ! and then I get a case of the worse - the potatos are mealy and old so I just throw them out and order again , expensive BUT when they are made with good fresh potatos they are the best - the last case is what prompted me to write this - the potatos were weird - like they were almost sour as in going bad - and I even wrote the company that makes them - SO if you want the BEST kettle chip there is try these and if the ones you get are NOT the best try again!I , myself am done ordering because it is creeping me out that they are using soured potatos and either not noticing or not caring .
 The Spicy Thai chips used to be the best tasting chips on the market . However , Kettle Foods has changed the ingredients used , with ginger being the most important that is now missing . Notice that they removed `` ginger with attitude '' from the bag . Sadly , the changing of the ingredients has ruined the chips for me . They are n't that good anymore and the spice level is virtually non-existent . Here are the original and new ingredient listings : Original IngredientsSelect Potatoes , Safflower and/or Sunflower Oil , Honey Powder -LRB- Evaporated Cane Syrup , Honey -RRB- Salt , Garlic Powder , Jalapeno Pepper , Ground ginger , Onion Powder , Habanero Pepper , Dried Parsley , Citric Acid , Cilantro Extract , Ginger Oil , Cayenne Pepper , White Pepper , Lime Oil.New IngredientsPotatoes , safflower and/or sunflower oil , sugar , dried cane syrup , salt , maltodextrin , yeast extract , spices , garlic powder , onion powder , dried parsley , jalapeno powder , citric acid , natural flavors , lime extractI 'm assuming they changed the ingredients in order to cut costs for their new owner , Blue Diamond . They might want to get rid of `` Great Taste Naturally '' from their bags as I do n't consider maltodextrin to be very natural.Great job Kettle ! Way to ruin a great thing !
 It was a great value and I like the package size but not vinegary enough for me . Wo n't order this brand again . Great chips otherwise .
 I once loved these chips and they were the only chips i would buy . I discovered them when I was in England back in 2000 and quickly became a fan . About a year ago I picked up a bag that was on sale at my local supermarket . I was finding it odd that they were on sale so much but took advantage of it . After opening the bag I found the chips were not even close to the Kettle chips I was used to . They were all uniform whitish yellow in color , flavor was way off , the lovely extra crisp brown chips were gone completely and I was very disappointed . So I e-mailed Kettle with the following
 Used to eat the Spicy Thai flavor all the time . MSG makes my body unhappy and this was one of the few flavored chips that was MSG free . Now they have changed the whole recipe and how they make them . Instead of being real food on the ingredients like it used to be its mostly processed chemical garbage , a bunch more salt and MSG stuffed in under the label `` yeast extract '' . They removed the NO MSG from the label so they know very well what they did.The worst part though is that they taste horrible . Instead of crisp , oily and full of character ... say as if they were cooked in like ... a kettle or something they instead have the color and uniformity of baked lays . The Spicy Thai flavor now tastes like sour cream and onion or ranch that has gone rancid.What a shame , no more kettle chips for me . It seems they are slowly moving one flavor at a time to this new cheap ingredient list and manufacturing method . Dont be fooled into paying a premium price for these chips as they are not a premium product anymore .
 The chips were great ... for the first few bags . However , after the first bag or two , I noticed that the remaining bags were damaged . There were holes in each bag and black , sticky stains on the outside . Other reviewers who bought around the same time that I did are now claiming that they found rodent holes in their bags of chips.The chips came in a sealed Kettle box , so it 's hard to say who screwed up . But someone somewhere screwed up . These chips were a health hazard before the holes in the bag . Now ? It 's like a game of roulette .
 After waiting a ridiculous amount of time for my case of 15 5oz bags to arrive , upon opening the box noticed that every bag had been chewed open by a mouse . Do n't know if it is still in the box , but it is outside on the porch . When my son gets home , I 'm going to have pictures taken and email to Amazon . The outside Amazon box was intact , so it had to be either from the Kettle Chips people or the Amazon warehouse , do n't know which . I will never buy these again from Amazon . I can not tell you how disgusted I am with this purchase . It makes me sick to think about it!I included pictures at the top of the page . Poor little mousie must have high cholesterol now.Update
 Unless you like salt vinegar chips as salty as eating actual pinches of salt and drinking actual vinegar , i doubt you will like these chips . These are the saltiest & sourest chips I have ever had , and the only reason stops me from throwing these away is because I paid for 2 full boxes and dont like to waste food . The brown chips are especially bad , besides being salty and sour , they also taste overcooked and burnt . Unless you are the rare kind that can take this kind of extreme taste , you will not like these chips.I actually have a high tolerance for sour taste , so I can down a bag of chips with a bit of difficulty . But normal people , please do not try this at home .
 I bought this brand as a trial since I am tired of the Pingos.It claims that it is natural . I have no argument on this . But the point is that more than 50 % in the bag is over-fried and in brown color . I really suffer eating the over-fried chips . I open some other bags and it looks like the same . So I just throw away all of them . I do n't know if I was with bad luck or every bag they are selling is the same . But for sure I will never buy this brand any more .
 I ORDERED KETTLE CHIPS IN THE FOLLOWING FLAVVORSSALT & FRESH GROUND PEPPERTUSCAN 3 CHEESEN.Y . CHEDDAR AND HERSTHEY ALL TASTED THE SAME TO ME . IF THERE IS A VARIETY PACK SUGGEST U ORDER BEFORE ORDERING LARGE SIZE.I WISH I COULD RETURN THE UNOPENED BAGS .
 I purchased these because of the low salt , and they were indeed low in salt . However , many , many of the chips in the bag were literally dripping in oil . I have never encountered this problem with other potato chip brands . It was very unappetizing , and who wants all that oil ? I will never buy these again , and I would not recommend them to others .
 These chips taste like they have been dusted with baby powder . Also they come in some kind of funky polyvinyl bag that you ca n't open with your bare hands and probably has a landfill halflife of 20,000 years . Buy Miss Vicky 's instead .
 If you are looking for STRONG S/V flavor these definitely are n't for you . Very mild in comparison to many others . I live in TX and I can tell you I 've tried ALL S/V chips I can get ahold of . The best of the best are HEB -LRB- storebrand -RRB- and World Market . Bob 's and Zapp 's Are n't bad . From a chip standpoint they have typically great kettle crunch , but if you 're looking for S/V flavor these have `` just a touch . ''
 I do n't know if it was the case of chips we received or what , but everyone we allowed to sample the chips -LRB- in a buffet style setting -RRB- agreed that these were slightly on the salty side.One person jokingly stated that these would be terrific for melting ice and snow , due to the amount of salt in these.We had ordered these with the expectations that these would be similar to the Lay 's Kettle Mesquite Potato Chips , but these Kettle brands outback bbq chips are the exact opposite.Sorry folks , we just had better expectations from these chips but they a little on the on the salty side.We are still looking forward to Amazon finally getting the Lay 's Kettle Mesquite Potato Chips in stock.These got a 2 star , because the bbq powder they had used on these were flavorful enough to be unique .
 These chips are greasy and taste burnt-there is grease in the bottom of the bag and the chips are saturated with it -LRB- especially at the bottom of the bag . Even if they are trans fat free , they need to be a lot less greasy .
 I like Kettle chips but was really disappointed with this order because they were over cooked . I bought a bigger sized bag from Costco and the chips were all cooked perfectly . So I do n't know why these were different.Will never buy these chips from here again .
 While I admit that the oversalted chip is addictive , I really think this one has gone too far . Skin literally peeled off my lips and inside my mouth after eating these . I am surprised that they are still on the market .
 These were nasty , they were so greasy and too rich for my blood , plus they lacked major flavor , no spicy jalapeno flavor at all . I was so dissapointed in these chips , I am always hearing great things about these chips but I am telling you , yuck yuck yuck . Give me pain chips any day . Maybe there is a better kettle chip brand out there but I am staying clear from these chips . I wish I could give these zero stars if I could .
 Being a salt-free product is why I purchased this , but the chips are quite greasy .
 Do n't waste your money on any of the Kettle brand potato chips . I bought a case of these , and a case of the cheddar and sour cream . Both cases ended up in the garbage can .
 DEfintely not as tasty as the Madhouse Munchies which are my family 's favorite . Kettle 's are dark/burnt , more broken bits , taste greasy-oily and not the light crunch . Oh well .
 I love sour food but this one I ca n't bear . Too strong sour taste ... and even when you open the bag , the sour smell is too strong . I do n't like it .
 Unless you really really really like vinegar - AVOID ! Those chips should have been called `` Vinegar and Sea Salt '' - not `` Sea Salt and Vinegar '' .
 I was really looking forward to trying these chips since I love cheese but I was SUPER DISAPPOINTED ! I am a big fan of Kettle Chips but these tasted somewhat stale and almost plain ! They are supposed to have a cheddar taste but you can not taste any of that ... it 's annoying . I do not recommend this flavor . . salt and vinegar and buffalo bleu are my favorite .
 These are perhaps the worst chips that have ever gone into my mouth.For my entire life Sour Cream & Onion -LRB- and in this case '' & Chive '' -RRB- chips were my favorite . Recently Kettle brand Honey Dijon Mustard took that slot . So when I found out they had sour cream & onion I just had to try them.As soon as I opened the bag the chips smelled of powdered milk . And indeed each chip is coated with a powdered sour cream that is just awful . It tastes like rancid milk . Not just sour , but like sour cream that when rancid . The powdery texture is also extremely unappealing . I basically hated these chips . I would not recommend these chips to anyone unless they had a particular affinity for a powdery , chalky texture on a chip , with a rancid -LRB- and onion flavor -RRB- and I have a hard time believing that person exists.I plan on contacting Kettle and sharing my thoughts with them . Hopefully they 'll reassess the seasoning on these otherwise wonderful kettle style chips .
 Kettle chips now look , feel and taste like Lays . These chips used to be my favorite when it was crinkle cut and hefty . Now , no longer my favorite .
 There is nothing too good or too bad about these chips . If you like plain potato chips , you 'd like these . They are thicker than most brands , fresh out of box , very crunchy and not too salty -LRB- for me -RRB- . One bag has a lot , I generally can not finish it by myself . Part of the reason is that they are too oily -LRB- some chips almost look transparent , if you know what I mean -RRB- . The taste of oil is a bit too overwhelming for me . If you are used to more spicy chips you may not like these since they do not have any spice , except salt , as the name says . I do n't think I 'll buy these again . The `` best by '' date on my bags are March 2011 and I ordered them at the end of October .
 Terrible ! I can not believe this , I received this item and EVERY SINGLE BAG WAS OPENED BUT 4 !!!! I 'm stationed in Afghanistan and this was gon na be a snack for my team while going out on missions . I was so embarrassed when the bags were opened and spilt out all in the box , gross ! And the box is filled with grease stains . Idk if it was from the airplane ride all the way here , but the box should have been more insulated and bubble wrap should have been used instead of paper . I 'm very unhappy with stale crusty chips out the bag and us soldiers can not enjoy now .
 Kettle Branch Potato Chips New York Cheddar
 For those of you who , like me , had to order the Kettle Spicy Thai chips from Amazon because they are so hard to find locally , you will probably be aggrieved to know that the recipe has changed . They are just like regular potatoe chips . I paid for them but now my husband gets to eat them because he did n't like the spicy thai , but these are fine for him.Yuck !!!
 NEVER buy this from this vendor . It was outdated , the can was bent , and I was horribly disapointed . SIMPY BEAUTIFUL was simply awful . Please do n't make the same mistake that I did .
 Although I LOVE Jelly Belly 's I was very disappointed -LRB- and tired -RRB- of the cherry , cinnamon , and occasional watermelon thrown in . I would be a monthly buyer of belly flops if they could be more mixed .
 I ordered 3 bags so I could get a good assortment . WRONG All 3 bags were the same , sticked together like a brick . No joke ! it took 11/2 weeks to reach me . Grandchildren were upset since they did n't get theirs . They were too sticky and messy . Spent almost $ 30 on this . Will not order in the hot months again . But my son loved them . LOL sticked together , sticky and all . What can I say he loves Jelly Bellies anyway he can get them . Unless it 's butter popcorn and coffee flavorers . All in all I was disappointed in the quality of the goods when I received them .
 I ordered two bags and they were the same . There was not much of a variety . I would think that you would mix them up better and give a large number of different ones . I will not buy them again until you can prove it is worth my hard earned money .
 We received a 2 pound bag and 80 % was chocolate pudding beans ,10 % was coffee and Very few other flavors . I expected more of a variey since jelly belly 's has HUNDREDS of flavors . Unfortunatly our family does not care for chocolate pudding or coffee flavored beans , so this was a waste of time and money for us . I do n't think we will be ordering this again .
 Very disappointing to keep receiving emails with this stuff and not being able to order in Canada
 I love Jelly Bellys , I am certifiable addict . I originally thought Belly Flops were a terrific value , I ordered 2 bags and with shipping the total was almost $ 22 . I was at Costco the other day and happened to stumble upon a plastic tub of Jelly Bellys which were not defect and their total price for 4 pounds , the same equivalence as 2 two-pound bags of flops , was about $ 15 . I 'd recommend getting them at Costco if thats possible -- more variety , better taste , and you do n't have to pay for shipping , or wait . It 's a win win !
 The mix of jelly beans is terrible , there are only 3 flavors per 2 pound bag -LRB- and they do not go well together at all ! -RRB- It was a complete waste ; I will never order this again !
 I ordered 8 bages - yes 8 bags a couple of months ago and they were all the same ... i really wanted variety ... I was disappointed . I am a huge belly flop fan so I was beyond excited when I learned I could order them online ... now I am too scared to order more if there is no variety ... : -LRB-
 I ordered 3 belly flop bags about 2 months ago , and all I received were 3 bags that contained the same 4-5 flavors , two of which I hated -LRB- black licorice and coconut -RRB- . I was really disappointed ! You say that you promise you 'll give an `` excellent variety of mixes '' if we order more than one bag , but that definitely was NOT the case for me .
 I have seen bags and bags of the `` flops '' you can get at the factory so I ordered a bag thinking that I would be getting close to the smaething . NO , mostly all one color not the varity I expected . I feel they ship out the ones that wo n't visually sell at the factory in their gift shop . I was very disappointed as I had to through the bag out because they were inedible . I wo n't buy again through the mail .
 Not worth buying they were too stuck together and all were mostly the same flavors . You are better off to buy the real ones
 Unlike most of the other low reviewers , I got a pretty good variety of intact jelly bellies . Inside the sealed bag , however , were four live ants crawling all over the candy . Yuck . I inspected the bag for holes and could n't find any , so I think the problem was there pre-shipping .
 I ordered and received 2 bags of belly flops thinking that I would get a good variety . I was so disappointed !! I got 2 bags of an identical mixture - 60 % cappucino , 35 % french vanilla and the other 5 % was sour grape . It was a waste of money and would n't be interested in ordering Belly Flops again . The advertisement for Belly Flops suggest you 'll get a good variety , however , the opposite is true .
 I got a bag full of coffee and chocolate beans . Very few other flavors . 1.5 pounds is a little too much of coffee jelly bellys and most of the rest was chocolate or some other coffee flavor OR sour jelly bellys . I wo n't be ordering this again .
 I got a bad selection . Around 70 % was coffee or cappucino and pear . I hate THOSE FLAVORS :-LRB- WO N'T BUY AGAIN .
 for belly flops at $ 8.00 / bag ... . you 've got to be kidding ... they should be 1.00 / bag ... remember ... they are trying to get rid of these . They are defective and not made of gold . and then after reading the comments where you order 2 bags and get the same exact thing ... that 's bad .
 my experience was the same as Kind of Bummed 's . there were just a few flavors , none of which i liked . i begged for a bag that had certain flavors ... hoping . not one was in there . gave them away . guess you have to be there . no shipping problems tho .
 I know that you 're taking a chance - after all they are flops but I think they 're are overpriced .
 We all love your beans but when I ordered 3 bags of flops around Easter they were all the same with only four flavors and the flavors were n't good . Too bad I was going to order more
 I ordered thinking I would get the normal assortment of Jelly Bellys , just mishapen . It seems that only a handful of flavors have regular accidents and get discarded to the Belly Flop pile . I received about 5 flavors in the entire 2lb bag . They 're still good , but not exactly what I expected . I would just as soon buy the normal 2.2 lb bag of assorted flavors for twice the price and receive all the flavors .
 We got a bag of brown , squished Jelly Bellies . Maybe . As the bag only contains Brown Flops , no one here will eat them , comparing them to other more bovine flops .
 Belly Flops are supposed to be misshapen Jelly Bellys , but just as good , as they come from exactly the same production line as `` perfect '' Jelly Bellies . The quality of the flops does n't seem to be an issue , just the quality of the assortment . The manufacturer does n't seem , in my opinion , to put much effort in creating a good assortment of flavors , they just bag whatever flops are produced at the time . My two bags of mostly root beer and coffee had only about 200 beans of another flavor . I do n't like root beer at all , and only slightly like coffee , so about a pound of each bag went in the trash . This means I paid about $ 16/pound for what I actually ate . Sometimes you get what you pay for , not what 's advertised . What I 'd really like to see is Jelly Belly offer quantities of Jelly Bellies and/or Belly Flops in single flavors you could pick . I 'd place my order for 5 pounds of licorice now . James salt water taffy does this , why not Jelly belly ?
 I have enjoyed your product for many a year but why send these e mails to people about ordering online knowing full well that they ca n't . Waste of my time and yours . If you dont send to NZ then remove us from the selection of countries in the account set up . You guys have n't thought this through have you . Nice beans but not worth the hassel . Im never buying your product again .
 I get emails tempting me to buy jellybeans which I love , but you dont ship them to England !
 AN EXCEEDING ; LY TASTY TREAT AT ANY PRICE , A REAL VALUE IN BULK `` FLOPS '' ; PRESIDENT REAGAN HAD THE PERFECT CHOICE JELLY BELLIES ON HIS DESK IN THE OVAL OFFICE .
 Was sorry to find out that I am not able to order and we are neighbours .
 I eat Jelly Bellys all the time . Why ca n't we order these in Canada ?? This hardly seems fair to send out these emails to us when they are n't available to us at all . Totally totally not fair !! Please hurry and make them available to all of us who recieve your emails !!!
 I got two bags and they were exactly the same . They say they will try to give you different bags but that was n't the case . If you are going to buy it just get one .
 I was expecting a variety of jelly bellies and bought 2 bags thinking that would give even greater variety . There were only a few flavors and both bags were the same . They were not flavors I like or would ever buy.If you like every flavor of Jelly belly the same , this may work for you . Otherwise , you get what you pay for !
 I understood the selection would be random but I was not prepared for 99 percent dark beans . I love Jelly Belly but the flops are something I will pass on .
 Simply too many coffee flavored belly flops -- unless you like coffee flavor . Wo n't purchase again . Other flavors good and it was fun to eat unusually shaped jelly beans
 My family and I love Felix Lingonberries . We thought we could get this large container and share it with others in the family . The first one shipped to us the bottom of the tub was split and it was leaking in the box . I let Amazon know that we could n't use the lingonberries since I felt they were contaminated in shipping . They sent another container and this box was actually dripping . Until Amazon figures out how to ship this tub without it breaking I would hold off on these . Great product , Lousy packing !!
 Can was broken in shipment , it was protected with one layer of bubblewrap in the big box with few pieces of loose wrinkled brown paper .11 pound can bounced inside the box and cover broke loose.It took me 2 calls to arrange the replacement , then replacement was cancelled because item became `` out of stock '' , and I had to call again today to get the refund for original order because Amazon had no record why there was a second order for Lingonberries . It is really strange because after contacting them I received confirmation e-mails each time . I am giving up on this item , it is not worth the trouble .
 Very disappointed that we did not receive this product as it was damaged in shipping .
 The product is good -- I have had three orders so far . The problem is with the manufacturer 's credibility . One box was much lighter when I picked it up even though it was closed when I examined it . It was about 200g instead of 500g with sugar cubes freely moving on a bottom of the box . I have no idea what happened and it is impossible to report it to Amazon -- missing links , circular instruction , no phone numbers , no customer support links . The buttons on most pages , even on Returns page are `` Continue Shopping '' .
 I started buying these about 6 years ago , the price was always around $ 4 a box . Now they want over $ 6 !! My most recent order was early in 2011 , and it will be my LAST . There are plenty of other Demerara sugar brands out there selling for far less . Save your hard earned money and buy one of those brands . Paying $ 2 more per box just to have square cubes is insane in this economy .
 These looked wonderful and were a birthday present for a close friend . When they came the foil was all stuck to the candy . We tried to unwrap a couple and it made a bigger mess with the paper sticking terribly to the candy . In the end we were able to taste the tiniest piece which just made us more disappointed and angry since it was delicious . We would never order these again or do business with this company . And living in Florida was not the problem since we paid BIG prices for the candy and shipping , it was not hot and the package was literally put in our hands from the truck , so it did n't sit outside . Big Big disappointment .
 Long story short - these are very tasty . We have purchased a number of flavors from this brand , this is my favorite.BUT ... as noted by another reviewer - these contain MSG in the form of `` Yeast Extract '' . It has become a popular means of hiding MSG lately by calling it different things , as a person who now finds himself having to use more caution in what I consume I find the whole process of hiding in plain site very bothersome.Also , the bag is not very large , but half of it is air . This may well help in shipping , but when paying a premium price for ` organic ' it just seems more deceptive .
 I guess there 's no telling what will tickle the palate . I 'm a huge Tabasco fan , and I love unconventional snacks . But these do n't taste to me even remotely like the wonderful sauce they 're made from ; I did n't find them to have much of a kick at all . Practically bland , in fact . Even with my strong aversion to wasting food , I had to throw out or give away most of the case . Do yourself a favor and find a bag of these locally before taking a chance on 12 .
 `` Yeast Extract '' is listed as an ingredient . Sounds harmless , right ? Specifically , these chips contain autolyzed yeast extract , which is , on a chemical level , monosodium glutamate . It 's just derived from a different source , but it has all the same toxic properties . Kettle still advertises their products as containing `` No MSG '' while they acknowledge that their chips are not safe for people with MSG sensitivities .
 I was so excited thinking they had my favorite discontinued Kettle flavor , but was disappointed when I opened the box and found this substitution . I am keeping them but would not have ordered 15 bags of this flavor . It is a very good bbq chip but I could get this flavor at the grocery store . Why oh why do my favorite food items always get discontinued ??? The one star is for the substitution . The country bbq is a 4 start chip , but not the chip I longed for .
 I did not like these potatoe chips . It 's hot , and sweet , with an overwhelming taste of garlic . It 's also a bit salty .
 chocolate is last year 's candy obviouslydiscolored and yuckwhat a hassle
 the chocolate arrives fast enough , regretably this is the only thing good about this purchase.condition is bad . pieces are smallish and many look chipped and rough , probably due to the transportation process . some are wrapped in cheap looking red and green foils . they also taste a bit stale . i do n't know how long they have stayed in the warehouse.taste is disappointing . predominate taste is sugar -- with a gritty texture , not the smooth , rich taste expected of a luxury chocolate.two thumbs down . not worth the money at all .
 Another reviewer summed it up nicely
 I have purchased this box once for myself and I was not impressed . I purchased it because I only eat dark chocolate . I was sad to find that a third of the chocolate is plain squares of dark chocolate . They include a little manual showing pictures and descriptions of all of their chocolates and I was dissapointed to find that there were dark chocolates in the godiva line that were not included in the box . I found this especially upsetting because there were at least 5 or 6 spaces in the box where they could have replaced the plain chocolate pieces for these fancier dark chocolate pieces that were n't included.I have also received this as a Valentine 's Day gift from my husband . He purchased it at Macy 's and he was really embaressed when i opened it and all the pieces had a white film over them . We each tried a piece and they had that cracker like consistency and they would n't dissolve easily . They were obviously ruined by heat or they were just old . We tried to find a date on the box but Godiva does n't date their candy . AND WHY NOT ?? That is just careless . We went back to Macy 's and got a refund . Luckily , there was a See 's at the mall too , so we saved about $ 20 and just went there where I could pick out the few candies I like there.I have been a fan of Godiva for many years , but the quality is inconsistent and their ingredient list is anything but natural . I will just stick to local chocolate candy makers .
 I 'm not sure what my expectations were going in , but this would n't have lived up to them . It tastes like a cross between styrofoam and the marshmallows found in Lucky Charms cereal.I was looking for something to take along on 5-day mountain climbing trips , but I think I 'll stick to the old standards from here on out.Might be okay as a one-time novelty for pre-teen kids , but it is n't something you 'd want for a serious after-meal snack on a semi-regular basis .
 If you like Lucky Charms cereal , this 'll float your boat . The freeze-dried ice cream has the same consistency , particularly in terms of crunchiness . The dessert will get stuck throughout your teeth , allowing you to horrify your friends and save some flavor for later.You only get a single ice cream sandwich in a bag , which makes the whole thing seem overpriced and over-packaged .
 My son loves these but ... . the product description for this says `` great price '' and that these cost double at the local science centers . This is very misleading since if it were true then the package would not contain only 1 single .7 oz package which is only two dollars and change at our local science center and the highest you will ever see is three plus dollars . The price here is DOUBLE the science center price so they have it upside down . My dad ordered this for my son thinking it was 3-packs probably having misread the `` 3 year expiration date '' plus seeing that they said it was half the price that you pay at the science centers -LRB- UNTRUE -RRB- . This is ONE pack only . At least the one we received and nothing here says any different . Buy it at your local center . And forget making a comment that the review should be about the product and not the price as they put pricing claims in the product description making it part of the product and specifically misleading .
 I was so excited to get this product but was very disappointed in the flavor . It just does n't take natural . I guess it 's a better alternative to being bored when you 're trying to get your water down .
 I have bought stevia before -LRB- granted not flavored except liquid -RRB- but in the other brands I opened the packet and the powder came out like sugar . This is NEW and all hardened and i can not even get it out . Total waste . Never again . -LRB- The tiny bit I can get out tastes good but it 's all hardened and wasted : -LRB-
 I got the olives and put in the refidgerator with the other bag I had bought of Calmata pitted Olives . When I went to open them a week later I noticed they were grayish color and I took the bag out and they were in fact rotten . I failed to contact Amazon as I am constant Amazon buyer and felt I would give them a break . However I would NOT NOT NOT recommend these . My rating is unacceptable !!!!!!
 They tasted bad straight out of the bag and then they got worse -LRB- if possible -RRB- almost immediatly . They also arrived crushed and broken . I had to throw them away . Try one of the other kinds , every other type was very good .
 We 're terribly disappointed . This was the second time we ordered this product - the first 5lb bag was incredible - we snarfed them all down . The olives were firm and full of flavor , had a nice greek olive scent . The second one was terrible - they tasted rancid and smelled terrible . We ended up throwing them all away - we were afraid we 'd get sick . We will not be ordering again - very disappointed that the product was not even edible .
 I was hosting a large party and decided to get this bulk package from Amazon - both for cooking and for serving as apps . These were ok , but nothing special . The mix had mostly green olives , quite a few olives were mashed . They were a little salty for my taste , so I soaked the batch which I was serving as an app in clear water to release some of their salt . I probably wo n't be ordering these again - I did n't care for the taste and they are n't an especially good value
 For $ 700 I could have bought all the MacDonald 's coffee I want , yet I went with this swill . Gross to the last drop .
 I did n't like this too much . It was a bit too spicy and leaves a bad smell in the house after cooking it . I would have given it three stars though if not for the smell .
 I really rate this item at less than zero , but was forced to give it one star . It tasted awful and had a slimy texture . At least I only had to buy one container .
 I was very disappointed . It has a definite after taste . I was surprised at the small container size . After tasting I was glad it was small . Would I order it again ? Yuck !!
 I thought it was a box of candy , not just one bag . The cost was highway robbery ! Very disappointed . It cost $ 1 in the store . I paid almost $ 8
 How can this company condone selling these little bags of cotton candy for $ 7.02 !!! I was extremely upset when my order came in . I was getting the exact same bags at the local grocery store for $ 1.97 ; unfortunately they only had it for Halloween .
 The `` burnt onion '' taste in these breadsticks is too overbearing , but does n't add any positive spicy notes .
 Yuck ! My hubby ordered for Sub N Save thinking it might save us a trip to Sam 's Club , but they taste awful . Like formaldehyde , and my mouth and throat are burning afterward . Not cool . They seem fresh , but the chemical taste is overpowering . What a waste .
 This product got such rave reviews but I was not impressed at all . It definitely was not what I expected , the flavor was bland . I prefer the stella dora breadsticks and will not be ordering these again .
 I did n't like these breadsticks . I should 've bought the plain ones . I love garlic but do n't like these one bit . They were all broken up in the bag in tiny pieces too .
 This is an out right lie . This is not ` imported German chocolate ' . Once you buy the product and read where it 's made , it says `` Made in POLAND '' . `` Kinder '' is a German chocolate but if it is not made there , the chocolate is worthless . It is the milk and the coccao from Switzerland , France , Belgium & Germany that makes their chocolates the finest in the world.Be honest to your customers . Say it 's made in Poland.Buyer beware . Also if you 're looking at the `` MILKA '' chocolates.They claim it 's from Switzerland ... a lie again . It 's Polish junk . It tasted like wax . If I want wax tasting chocolate ... I 'll go and buy the much cheeper and domestic Hershey 's . Chocolate lovers ... go buy LINDT . It 's truly excellent , and made in Switzerland .
 Everything great thing that has been said about these liners is probably true -- except for the LARGE part . I received my case of liners the day before I had to make 60 large cupcakes and was I ever surprised when I saw that they are only little more than an inch tall ! So , here I am scrambling to find something else to use at the last minute and wo n't be able to do so without driving 75 miles each way . Then , what to do with 1,440 cupcake liners I do n't want ? Ca n't return them .
 WARNING - UNRETURNABLE , STANDARD SIZE , NOT `` LARGE '' ... In no way , shape , or form , are these LARGE baking cups . I read the 2.5 inch and dutifully measured the bottom circumference of my large muffin pans ... , which were exactly 2.5 inches across the bottom . Imagine my surprise when these arrived and they were your standard size , been making them since I was a kid , cupcake liner . Then , what fun ! I find out that I ca n't return them to get the right size . I now have a lifetime supply of cupcake liners that I will never use , and I have to make 1200 LARGE brownie muffins in less than two days .
 Watch out people , the amount they claim they charge for shipping is almost 1/3 what they try to nail you for at the check out . I 've already filed a complaint with Amazon about this as I did n't catch the bait and switch pricing lie until after I had placed my order . Lucky for me Amazon canceled the order.Don ' t get cheated !
 Dec.20-submitted order . Dec.21-received confirmation . Paid $ 23.99 two day mailing charge for delivery by Dec.23-24 -LRB- * as stated * -RRB- to Washington State . As of Dec. 26 ... it STILL had NOT arrived !!!
 I am a picky cheddar cheese lover . Take this review as you will . This came with four cheeses
 These cute little coffee candies are the size and shape of coffee beans . There the resemblance ends . They are dust colored ; the coffee taste is weak and vague . If you want an espresso taste , suck elsewhere .
 Been sampling a lot of different balsamic vinegars lately and did n't care much for this one at all . It has a bitter , unpleasant tone . Definitely would not purchase this one again .
 THIS IS THE FIRST COFFEE I DRANK OUT OF MY MACHINR . I WAS NOT IMPRESSED . LIKE THE COMPANY BUT THIS IS A BLAH FLAVOR WITH NO WOW TO IT . THE NANTUKET BLEND IS A GOOD CUP OF JOE IF U WANT TO TRY GREEN MOUNTAIN . PERSONALLY I LIKE TIMOTHY 'S .
 ok-i 've tried & liked many Green Mountain coffees , but this is n't one of them . It should be labeled `` VERY light '' -LRB- aka ... extremely -LRB- ! -RRB- weak -RRB- . Even using the small water size cup , we found it bland.won ' t be a repeat customer of this one.Note
 This blend is very weak even on the smallest cup size . Tastes more like tea to me .
 We have found Green Mountain 's BREAKFAST BLEND to be VERY BLAND . Timothy 's BREAKFAST BLEND is an EXCELLENT alternative .
 Just started drinking coffee after 36 years and I feel so strongly about how uninteresting and weak this stuff is that I feel compelled to give my 2 cents.It seems even though I 'm a newbie I like it strong and black . I like the Donut Shop . At work I like coffee that coats the teeth a bit . I know , gross.There 's just nothing going on here . Little taste . Little aroma . If you make a small cup it 's a bit better . In short , if you genuinely like black coffee that tastes like coffee do n't get this.If you like it weak , or as others have said you just need a base for a fluffy drink -LRB- which is cool -RRB- then I guess this would work .
 I do n't know what this product 's propellant is but it left my ! edible ! work smelling as strong as butane or acetone . Honestly , a HazMat situation .
 I buy several of the Think Thin bar flavors - tried this one and found , to my dismay , that it has a pronouonced coconut flavor , which is okay if you like coconut . Flavor is darker , but muddier , and ingredients list a fractionated palm kernel oil , which is not in the other bars I buy . Would not purchase it again .
 i was recently diagnosed w / gestational diabetes ... thus began my quest for a yummy protein bar ... this is n't it . i 'm giving it 2 stars because my blood sugar levels were within the desired range after having it as a snack . i 'm going to try the other flavors , but this one definitely is not one i 'd like to have again .
 I returned this item because it contains palm oil . Bad for the body and VERY bad for our planet .
 Purchased approximately 24 of these bars in different flavors -LRB- the chocolate fudge being my personal favorite , though the brownie crunch is also tasty -RRB- . The texture is a bit chewy but the flavor is good ... for a protein bar . Not necessarily on par with the average sugar-filled candy bar of course . The carb/sugar/protein content is on par with most higher end Gluten Free protein bars I 've discovered -LRB- including Quest Bars and NoGii -RRB- . All things considered - flavor , consistency , and quality , I 'd likely give these 4 stars . The issue , however , is that after eating about 6 bars with no issues , I began having gluten reactions to the next three I attempted to eat . Needless to say , no matter how much protein you consume , your workouts are not going to go well if you 're horribly sick.I have written to the company to complain , but can not afford to take this risk , especially with other comparable bars available . I caution anyone with Celiac Disease to try these at your own risk , they say GLUTEN FREE on the label , but something was not or a batch became contaminated . I 've been a diagnosed Celiac for over 10 years and I -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- know the reaction all too well and this bar sparked it.Although I wanted to support this bar for it 's high protein content and GF label , I will not buy Think Thin bars again for this reason . I 've moved to Quest Protein Bars for now as I 've never had any gluten or allergic reactions to those -LRB- and they tend to taste better if you like an almond/caramel type flavor -RRB- Quest Bar 2.12 oz . Low Carb , Gluten Free , High Fiber Protein Bars -LRB- Box of 12 Bars -RRB- - though you 'd likely want to buy these from the actual site as they are much cheaper there.Otherwise , if you have no food allergies or specific dietary constraints , these might work for you ... good luck !
 I did not buy this bar -LRB- in the Creamy Peanut Butter flavor -RRB- from Amazon , but bought one at the grocery store to try it , lured in by the high protein content and the fact that the bar is gluten-free . Unfortunately , I thought it tasted terrible - with a chalky , somewhat grainy texture , as well . I would certainly go with a Balance , Luna , Clif or Pure Protein bar before purchasing another one of these . I also have the White Chocolate variety - will hope for better taste with this one .
 i was recently diagnosed w / gestational diabetes ... thus began my quest for a yummy protein bar ... this is n't it . i 'm giving it 2 stars because my blood sugar levels were within the desired range after having it as a snack . i 'm going to try the other flavors , but this one definitely is not one i 'd like to have again .
 I just ate a Think Thin bar and I am in a lot of pain . I thought I had food poisoning but when I called the company that makes this product they informed me that some people get sick due to the sweetener in the product . So , I did some research and the biggest con for the sweetener Maltitol , used in this bar , is bloating , gas and diarrhea . Its too bad because it taste great but not worth the pain . Be sure you can stomach the bar before you eat it .
 I do n't know what it is about these cookies , but , they are NOT good at all . They 're sort of bland , taste a little off , and can not be doctored in any way to fix the problem . They taste nothing like the ones you can get online or in the mall . I ended up giving them away to family members in gift boxes to get rid of them . I will never ever purchase these again . The strange flavor was NOTHING like a white chocolate and macadamia nut cookie should taste like .
 Unfortunately , zero stars not possible on here . I agree with the reviewer who said `` yuck '' -LRB- though I would n't put it as straightforwardly rude as that -RRB- . When I saw these Mrs. Fields White Chunk Macadamia cookies on here and saw some people thought they were good I just HAD to say something -LRB- and , check my record - I usually do n't post reviews ! -RRB- ! I bought 2boxes of these Mrs. Fields White Chunk Macadamia because I love Mrs. Fields - I adore her other cookies/wanted so much to love these ! However , the first bite of this White Chunk Macadamia cookie ruined that . The 1st box I bought from a local CVS store . They are totally bland and have virtually no flavor - even the white chocolate did n't have any flavor although the chunks were plentiful . Which is kinda unbelievable - as , white chocolate is supposed to make it even more flavorful -LRB- for example - Hershey 's white chocolate bars and kisses taste , extremely flavorful/like chocolate -RRB- . VERY DISAPPOINTED in this flavor of Mrs. Fields . Since I love Mrs Fields Cookies -LRB- and , obviously , giving her the benefit of the doubt -RRB-
 While I thank you for returning payment so quckly . . I still would like to have the pictured plant if you realy have it in stock . . If you do and will confirm the fact , I will reorder . The plant has slender long leaves and grows horzontally Base is wood stem polyscias FruticosaPlease resond even f you do not have and I will look elsewhereThank you in advance Alma Chomsky
 i thought bonsai would be something exotic . dont waste your money on this particular one . doesnt look any fancier than a plant growing on the side of the road .
 The plant came here all yellowing , hopeing I can bring it back to health . I am very good with all types of plants but this one arrived unhealthy
 This plant is so picky in how your care for it - cant have any air drafts around , have to water just right and have just right partial shade spot . . I killed mine , too finicky .
 It says add cumin , cinnamon , cardamom , clove . . etc. . I need something easy ... looks like this one needs all other spices that have to be bought separately
 Disappointed !! It taste like sour cream with coco powderI luv MILKA products and chocolates BUT this stuff really taste bad !
 I order this product based on other people 's reviews but very disappointed on it . Nobody in the family likes it .
 I grew up in alaska and have smoked alot of salmon this is terrible and not dry smoked at all it was like mush out of the package and a disgrace to smoked salmon
 Something is very wrong with this smoked salmon.It is so salty . It smells and tastes fishy . You simply can not eat it ; the flavor is so bad.Though it is wild Alaskan salmon , and nothing artificial or chemical is used , it tastes completely chemical.The smoke flavor is overpowering , and it tastes fake . It 's not but it tastes that way.I 've had smoked salmon from Alaska and many other places , and this , I 'm sorry to say , the worst.We can not eat it . We did contact customer service and they did refund our money , but theytold us how wonderful their product was -- they are unaware of what is going on .
 This cake came out of the oven smelling and looking great . I let it cool on a cooling rack for 20 minutes before removing it from the pan and it shrunk considerably ! The cake had a totally wonky appearance after it shrank , no longer a proper circle and the top was slightly uneven and a large crack formed in the top . I ended up cutting the edges off to make it a true circle and piled on the ganache to even out the top and fill the crack . After that it looked ok , but the cake was very dense -LRB- make sure you 've got plenty of milk -RRB- and lacked a very strong chocolatey flavor . The ganache frosting was good , but that seemed to be the best thing about the cake . I wo n't buy this again .
 I made this for Christmas dessert . It smelled wonderful when I made it and baked very well . The ganache was easy to make , but ... . it lacked any flavor . The cake and the ganache was very bland and tasteless . Could not eat it . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY . What a disappointment .
 I got these mid march of 2012 and the expectation date on them was jan 9 ! They took almost 2 months to arrive and when they did they were all broken ! I ended up throwing them away because they tasted old ! Nowhere did they mention the candy was old !!! Eeeewww !!
 Ugh . I love Cadbury Flake bars but these were stale and disgustingly old . Chocolate had bloomed and I was unable to eat the lot . Bah humbug .
 The product was great , but after being shipped it had broken into tiny bits , so the texture which is key to the product was lost .
 Looked forward to trying this popcorn . NOT IMPRESSED . I guess everyone has a different idea about what great popcorn is . And it 's expensive , 5 packs for $ 10 . We do n't have one of those Whirly Pop pans like they always advertise . Used a large pot instead . Had to add more salt and oil . It was ok -- just not great . I will stick to making great popcorn right on my stove and much cheaper . I just use a heavy 3qt saucepan , add popcorn , salt , oil and butter all right in the pan . Much better than any of these store bought kits .
 I was highly disappointed in the popcorn . I have the whirlypop maker and could n't wait to get this popcorn to have the theatre popcorn taste.The first time the popping liquid was runny and the second time it was solid . Each time it did n't work as the directions said it would and when it does finally start to pop it burns ... . HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED - sorry I bought 3-5 packs
 I did not purchase mine from Amazon , but I did base my purchase on reviews I had seen on both Amazon & another site , which were all glowing . So I thought it was fair to give another point of view . I love popcorn more than any other food . This is possibly the worst popcorn I have ever had.Normally , I use canola or peanut oil , fresh locally grown corn , & sea salt . It is absolutely delicious with very few hulls or unpopped kernels . It is much better -LRB- & better for you -RRB- than microwave or any other popping method using oil.This stuff was stale , & had way too much sodium . The coconut oil mixture was disgusting . The taste was so bad that I threw the rest of it away after a few handfuls . I had split the original batch in half , & gave 1/2 to my neighbor , who usually will eat anything . Even she thought it was poor quality . Now I 'm stuck with 2 boxes of this junk.I gave it 1 star because every kernel did pop , and the cooking time was quick . But I 'm going back to , & sticking with , my old method . I think it must be the locally grown corn -LRB- FRESH ! -RRB- that spoiled me .
 had no flavor and was dry tasting , I threw the rest out because I knew it would be a hassle to try to get a refund
 My popcorn-loving daughter gave this neutral to slightly negative reviews . Just not flavorful as advertised . Perhaps she 's just too used to microwave popcorn flavors , so it may not be the popcorn . The right popper will make the difference .
 I 'm a self-proclaimed popcorn junkie , so when I saw this `` Real Theater '' popcorn , I knew it would be the perfect compliment to my Whirley-Pop . Not so , unfortunately . Yes , the product is well packaged and easy to pop . And yes , almost 100 % of the kernels do pop . Sadly , this ease of use and good popping characteristics do n't add up to great tasting popcorn . It 's hard to articulate what is `` bad '' about this popcorn , and perhaps it comes down to personal preference.For one , the aroma of this popcorn is simply not pleasing . It certainly does smell when it 's cooking , but I would n't associate the smell with movie theater popcorn . It 's a sort of sickly , sweet smell that sticks to the back of your throat . It 's also a smell that lingers in your house for hours after cooking this popcorn.The finished product is n't much better . The popped corn is very yellow , I suppose to give the impression of `` real '' butter . The taste , however , is not what I 'd call butter . The best way I could put it would be `` artificial '' and `` thick '' . `` Thick '' , as in , a thick taste that sticks in your mouth and leaves a funky aftertaste . The end result is a chemically , over-processed taste . Now , granted , I do n't frequent `` real theaters '' but about once every decade , so it 's possible this is what passes as popcorn these days . Personally , I think you can achieve much better results with your Whirley-Pop using one of the many * real * popping corns available on this site , and then adding your own * real * butter , to your taste .
 I recently tried the five pack Wabash `` Real theater popcorn . '' When cooking , there is a very off smelling aroma emanating from my popper.So ? I tried Paragon popcorn oil in place of the Wabash product and had no more `` smelly '' issues . Neither product offers much in the way of actual product content . Hydrogenated or non-hydrogenated coco oil ? The latter better than the former ... both not so good , anyway.If you pop corn once in a while with Paragon + flavacol , you will not go wrong . I would n't consume this combo very often , like maybe once or twice a month ? ... by the same token , just like eating fat laden prime rib , potato chips , hotdogs , all the good stuff , is bad for your cholesterol lol.Sadly all the snacks and fast foods we enjoy ... sucks.C ` est la vie .
 Not worth the price . Barely enough for one person , and the cost -LRB- including shipping -RRB- was more than at the local supermarket . Good , but not worth the price .
 I debated ordering these for months , then finally threw caution to the wind -- I mean , I am not a food snob in the least and usually enjoy boxed meals like this . Unfortunately , it was a BIG MISTAKE . This stuff was horrible .1 . The initial look ? Disgusting . -LRB- See photo . -RRB- But I forged on because looks are n't everything .2 . There were actual pieces of basil in the mix -LRB- see photo -RRB- but they were dark green/brown and barely distinguishable .3 . The smell was n't terribly enticing , either .4 . The noodles -- which they say take just 3 minutes -- do n't . I trusted that and they were still hard and not fun to eat . I could hear my TMJ-jaw cracking with each bite .5 . The finished dish was n't terribly appealing-looking , either .6 . It said 1-2 servings but it was barely one . Maybe if you put three cups of chicken and veggies in it ... but then the servings go up to 3-4 . Ha .7 . It was SPICY . Nose-running and lip-burning spicy , in fact . And not even a tasty spicy.I knew as I was eating it that the remaining five boxes are either being donated to the food pantry or going in the trash -LRB- Amazon does n't take grocery returns -RRB- . I ca n't see the addition of chicken and/or veggies helping out this stuff in any way at all . To the reviewer who said this is exactly like the Basil Chicken he gets in a Thai restaurant ? Oh my , I feel bad if this is what he gets in a restaurant , and I 'd suggest he find a new place.So please , if you think you REALLY want to try this stuff , please please please try a single box from the grocery store first -- like I should have done and was originally going to do .
 Red Chile -LRB- not green -RRB- are in the sauce and the amount exceeds other spices by a wide margin - can not even taste the other namesake ingredients such as garlic and basil due to quantity of red chile - would not recommend .
 If you want this item , be ready to wait . I have n't received it within 3 weeks and it still has not shipped . I am about to cancel my order .
 Dont you hate the way these companies discreetly add in an animal product into an otherwise unseemingly vegan product ...
 This is a great tea - I 've had it before and it was wonderful and complex - but the box I received from Amazon through their vendor must have been very old because the tea bags had hardly any flavor . I had to use more than one bag to make a decent cup of tea . And yes , the water was hot enough , and yes , I steeped it long enough . There was no expiration date on the box though there is a place for one . Even using two bags , it was practically flavorless . At more than a $ 1 a bag , that is ridiculous . Buy this delicious tea directly from Kusmi.com or if you are fortunate to have a Kusmi store in your area and leave these for the bin .
 The product is basically tasteless . It took a very very long time to arrive . I do n't think I will be ordering any food items from Amazon again .
 I have always been happy with Green Mountain Coffee . However the last 2 times I have ordered Hazelnut Cream Decaf I do n't get what I ordered . I get boxes of Hazelnut Decaf instead . I needed the coffee so I did n't waste time to return it so I do n't know how Amazon would have handled the return . Hopefully they will get on the ball with this and send correct coffee !!
 Impossible to enjoy . The cinnamon stick pieces taste horrible and their texture overwhelms the other ingredients .
 From the label : Carbohydrates
 Pretty good and inexpensive steak sauce.Effective marinades have to have a significant acid content , typically vinegar in order to tenderize/break down the meat . This mix doesnt qualify , and you can leave your steak floating in this stuff for 3 days and it will taste the same off the grill as if you had let it soak for 3 minutes . 2 Forks
 I 'm desperate for a goldfish / cheezit replacement and this is n't it ! The taste is just OK , but the appearance really is a turn-off . My husband said these crackers look like dog food . My kids would n't even try them . I really WANTED to love these !
 My order arrived late and the cookies were not fresh . They were very stale . I regret placing the order and definitely will not order from them again . I do n't recommend purchasing these cookies . Find them where you live locally .
 The description of this item is utterly misleading . The Web page lists the shipping weight at 1 lb , yet what one receives for $ 21 is 7 ounces of cookies . This is misrepresentation and a ripoff . The merchant did not respond to my complaint .
 ok so i love curry a ton and the curry itself is amazing outside of looking like green baby puke . Its just its not worth the price to order it online .
 $ 3.29 + $ 5.51 shipping ? making it $ 8.80 for a product you can buy in a store for $ 3.50 ? why doesnt the seller sell by the box with a decent shipping rate and it would be worth purchasing .
 Reminds me of the `` Fruit Bars '' from my childhood that first came out around the time `` Fruit Roll Ups '' did . They seem to have some kind of strong odor to them , but if you can get past that they do n't taste so bad .
 I love dried fruit snacks , and these looked great from the product description.Maybe , I got a batch of poor quality items , but they are just horrible . They are difficult to open and plastic from the packaging sometimes sticks to the product . Even if open the individual packages with a scissors , they are difficult . I had two cases with different expiration dates , and both are the same way.The product itself is edible , but very dry , a bit sticky and plastic-like . The flavor is unimpressive . I ate about a dozen of them ; but I doubt I will ever finish the 2 cases I purchased . I wonder if the food bank will take them . I wish I could edit my review down to 1-star . PS
 Since these seemed pretty healthy , I ordered them to have when fresh fruit was not available . Unfortunately , they just can not compare to grocery fruit snacks on taste -LRB- I usually get the Target fruit snacks -RRB- , although , I admit I expected this as they have no added sugar . Several other people who tried them were also less than impressed . So , I will go through these , eventually , but will not purchase again.I wish Amazon had some way of sampling the grocery items before you buy two cases of them .
 I ca n't say I 'd recommend this coffee . If not for the convenience , I would n't ever have rebought it , but now I 've found a better choice for regular coffee in the Tassimo - either Starbucks Breakfast Blend , or Jacobs Kronung . Both beat this coffee hands down in flavor . The Jacobs does n't make as much coffee though.This coffee tastes like vending machine coffee at a highway rest stop - the kind from a machine that has n't been tended to recently . Thin and yucky . Sorry , Gevalia fans . They make a good espresso , though , and the latte and cappuccino choices are much better.Pass on this one if you 're not sure and try one of the others .
 I ca n't believe the ripoff Gevalia is getting away with in this country . Yes , as a coffee it 's OK , certainly better than most coffees sold in the U.S. . But then most Americans do n't know what good coffee is.My objection is the price . Gevalia sells in markets in Sweden for between 19 and 29 Swedish Crowns , that is , between $ 2.32 and $ 3.65 for a half/kilo package , a bit more than a pound . It 's the Folgers of Sweden , an average coffee at best . Idiot Americans are willing to pay 6 times the going rate out of sheer lunacy.My wife and I have a second home in Sweden and drink Gevalia there , but it 's cheap coffee . If you want your Gevalia but do n't like getting ripped off just go to Ikea where it 's sold at a reasonable price .
 These people are complete morons.PLEASE do n't even bother joining up to their membership because they are idiots . First of all , I had a HUGE problem joining because they could n't match my state and zip code , which is legitimate , and second , the 2 people that answered the phone were foreign and I could n't understand a word they said and they could n't understand me . Second , I cancelled my shipments and they charged my card anyway , which resulted in an overdraft fee , and then the next month they charged me AGAIN.I am now on the phone waiting over 10 minutes to talk to a supervisor ... and what galls me is that their coffee is not even good .
 DO N'T JOIN THIS ! GO BUY THE SWEDISH COFFEE AT IKEA , IT 'S JUST AS GOOD ! The ` perk ' package when you join is a rip-off , we ended up giving it away . The coffee is in 8 oz . packages , which makes it the third most expensive coffee in the world . Trader Joe 's is just as good , or spend the money and order Jamacian Blue Mountain . Yesterday I received a box that I did n't order of their `` Heritage Blend with Tin '' , and discovered there was a $ 36 . plus dollar charge on my credit card . When I calle , -LRB- the Phillipines because Gevalia no longer has Americans on their phones -RRB- the woman , that I could barely understand , told me they had sent me a postcard 2 weeks ago , which I never got , informing me that it was ` an order as a Club member ' , and unless I cancelled the order they were sending it anyway . TOTALLY ILLEGAL IN THE U.S. , and when I loudly informed her that was a Federal Offense in addition to credit card and mail fraud , she cancelled my membership and sent a refund to my credit card . We 'll see ... but I WILL follow up and file charges against this company . What was once Good Swedish coffe has turned into a terrible , greedy company . Whoever created the coffee should be ashamed that it has turned into this . PLEASE DO N'T BUY ... IT 'S NOT EVEN GOOD ! VERY ACID !!
 After trying several packages of the Signature Blend all with different product codes , I found these T-Discs to be defective . Most of the grounds ended up in the bottom of my cup and the rest spewed all over my coffeemaker ! I notified Gevalia over a month ago and they have not offered any explanation or solution to this problem . I have not had this problem with any other brand of T-disc or other Gevalia blends . It is extremely frustrating considering I am paying extra for the Gevalia name . I would recommend Maxwell House or Seattle 's Best being far superior in the T-Discs with no grounds in the bottom of your cup .
 If these were easier to find locally I would never buy these on-line due to high cost of shipping .
 I ordered the Tassimo Coffee Maker and coffee discs for my daughter . I received the coffee in a timely manner , but I have yet to recieve the coffee maker ... very dissapointed with this service ...
 Some of gevalia 's coffee is good . But their customer service is the worst and most unreasonable I 've ever dealt with . I was having coffee delivered 20 years ago with automatic payment through my bank . I changed my bank and forgot to change Gevalia to the new bank so one shipment came without me paying on time . Instead of calling or notifying there was a problem they cancelled all service , even though I paid them immediately on finding out what the problem was - why I was n't getting coffee . Then a few months ago I thought I 'd give them a try again . They blocked all my efforts to sign up without an explanation so I called - waited 20 minutes to get a person on the phone - who then finally said they 'd `` let me '' start delivery again . I got 2 deliveries then all of a sudden my deliveries were `` suspended '' without explanation . I contacted them and they said they could n't deliver to me because of the non-payment -LRB- which I paid -RRB- 20 years earlier !! That 's after I paid for 2 deliveries . I explained I had already worked that out - look at your records . They said basically - too bad . I have a credit score > 800 . I can buy a $ 600,000 house w/o problems - yet I ca n't get this ridiculous company to continue deliveries to me . They disgust me .
 Do n't be dissappointed in your machine if this is the first T-disc flavor you 've tried . It 's not your Tassimo , it 's the coffee blend . I used to subscribe to Gevalia 's delivery service so I 've tried a lot of their automatic drip coffees , incl Signature Blend . I 'm very dissapointed in the Tassimo disc version . I gave it 2 stars just for smoothness , but otherwise this is a lackluster brew . Not much richness , body , or flavor other than generic `` coffee '' . The `` crema '' version is not much more than pretty window dressing on a pretty boring cup . My husband , who is far less picky about coffee than I am , agreed . Do yourself a favor & try the other coffees available for the Tassimo , incl on their website . The Gevalia Espresso is good , so are the Maxwell House Latte & Capuccino .
 The Gevalia coffees are a little weak for my taste , so I switched to all Starbucks House Blend and Africa Kitamu .
 I got these bars at a local organic grocery store and they were great , but the box I bought here was n't nearly as good . It seemed like I got the bottom of the barrel of some almond shavings and barely any cherry . Basically a boring dark chocolate bar ... and they are expensive . I wrote to the company to help them with feedback and they did n't reply for a week and they expect me to mail the bars back . I will if I get time , but that is a hassle .
 Chose this one because of the creamy cheese vs the powdered cheese even though it was more expensive . I put it on Subscribe and Save because I was certain the family would be wanting it all the time and it would save me time and effort making it from scratch all the time . Received it yesterday afternoon and made it last night for the family as a surprise side dish . It was awful . I do n't know if I got a bad batch but the smell of the creamy cheese when I began mixing it with the hot pasta was so foul and nasty I had to open the kitchen windows to clear the stench out of the house . Mind you we 're in MA with over 6 ' of snow right now piled everywhere and filling every nook and cranny available and minus temps and wind chills so believe me , I would n't have opened the windows and propped the back door open to get rid of the smell if it was n't absolutely necessary.I remember having this as a kid , both powdered and creamy cheese but I sure do n't recall it having a smell like this . It ruined all our appetites . Because the smell lingered throughout the house , we ended up leaving the house for a while and going out to eat after riding in the open air to clear our nostils . Terrible experience . I was thinking of keeping the remainder of the first order and making it when no one else is home to give to the 5 dogs , but on second thought , if it is a bad batch , I certainly do n't want to feed it to my 4-legged babies . Out in the trash it goes and the S&S ; order canceled.Must admit I 'm disappointed . I was hoping to be able to cheat now and then with mac and cheese I did n't have to make from scratch but if this is the alternative , I 'll stick to my homemade recipe each and every time .
 Forget the cheese sauce ... the only way to use this product is to leave off the last step ... they instruct you after cooking the product then to add the thick gooey cheese sauce which just ruins it ... I purchased a case of these ... so before I cook them I add spices or herbs of choice and then after cooking I top with melted butter ... I save the sauce packet for nachos . .
 Velveeta Au Gratin potatoes will surely change the way you think about little slimy potato chips . The poor quality of this food-type item makes me lose a little faith in this civilization and in the relationship between human animals and a free market economy .
 I ate Kraft chicken noodle dinner on a regular basis in college and beyond , especially adding some real chicken -LRB- diced leftovers -RRB- and finely chopped veggies . Then I found out about MSG and how really , very bad it is for you . I stopped eating this and all prepared foods with MSG and autolyzed proteins . Kraft chicken noodle dinner tastes great , but this is one habit that you should n't form if you have n't already started .
 These noodles were very good , but my boxes had bugs in them - small , black , about half a size of a small ant . Packaging is bad - noodles are not sealed , they 're just plain in the box , coated in seasoning and all . Any bug can get into this box and feast on tasty noodles . I ca n't imagine why they made the choice not to put them at least in a sealed plastic bag inside the package . Plain noodles are ok , they 're completely dry , but this product was seasoned . For this reason I 'd never buy them again . Bugs took good 2 months to get rid of , extremely annoying in a completely bug-free home . Now I understand why all seasoned noodles come in plastic packaging . I had to throw out all remaining noodles .
 I appreciate a few things about this milk , but the off-putting flavor of it overrides the benefits . The first thing I noticed upon opening the can was the strong `` evaporated milk '' odor that you smell when you 're using evap . milk from a cow . It 's an unpleasant odor no matter the source . When I reconstituted the goat milk according to the directions -LRB- 1 can milk to one can water -RRB- it tasted absolutely DREADFUL like a mouth full of thick , salty grossness . I tried diluting it with approximately 3 more cans of water , which seemed to cut the awful saltiness . What 's left is a slight `` barnyard '' taste/smell with a little salt on the side . I imagine it might be alright if it 's mixed in something , but it 's certainly no substitute for the flavor of cow 's milk . I would only use this product for cooking if I absolutely had to .
 This tastes like sour grass . I ordered it by mistake -- the powdered milk is delicious , wonderful , but the evaporated milk , even amended , watered , mixed with fresh goat 's milk , is astringent , and hard .
 I tried this product and it had the most horrible taste . I really thought it would taste nice . This is the first time I have ever tasted Goat milk though . Very strong taste . My advice is buy one can and see if you like it first . I have extra goat milk that I or my family will not drink . I plan to use it in making homemade soap so that I get some use from it .
 I had goat milk from a carton and it is way better.In a car horrid .
 I have been ordering this at a lower price and now they increase the price . I wo n't be ordering through here anymore , it is cheaper to go to the store .
 Our regular powdered goats milk was out of stock so I took a gamble on the evaporated milk for my daughter . She is allergic to cows milk and can only drink goats milk . I was going to use it for her to drink in her bottle . I mixed the milk with equal parts water and put it in her bottle . She absolutely hated the taste !! I tried adding liquid goats milk to the bottle , but she still did not take it . I do not recommend evaporated milk for drinking . The taste is not the same and actually made my daughter sick .
 I love to feed my kids with goat milk . But to buy it fresh from the farm is so expensive , so this is a great substitute . I started my kids on this when I stopped nursing and they 've loved it ever since . They eat it in their cereal and drink it straight from the cup . I think goat 's milk is the next best thing to breast milk !
 Do n't buy these , they are awful . The vanilla meringues are wonderful , crisp and delicious . These are sour and moldy tasting , and the texture is mushy . The lime just makes them sour and there is no hint of coconut taste . Buy the vanilla ones instead .
 I used to eat these a long time ago . Then I learned about the dangers of high fructose corn syrup . Let 's hope one day everybody will learn about the dangerous ingredients in so many packaged foods . And this is what they call `` healthy '' ?
 I think a name like `` Nature Valley '' is misleading , considering there are several unnatural ingredients in these granola bars -LRB- like high fructose corn syrup -RRB- . They taste fine , they sustain - but they 're not healthy or natural .
 Ok , so ingredients # 2 , # 4 , # 5 , # 6 , and # 7 are all some type of sweetener . And we think these are a `` healthy '' snack ? It 's really not that hard . People , please wake up !
 My dog was hot . I gave him the bun to eat , hoping that it would cool him down . He seemed to be panting as much after eating the bun as he did before . I would have to say that the `` hot dog bun '' did not do a good job helping my dog keep cool . In the future , I will stick with giving my dog water .
 ... then this is the popcorn for you . It stinks , in every sense of the word . It smells like feet . It does n't taste bad though , but it also does n't taste like cheese . I would definitely stick with regular butter popcorn , same taste , no bad smell .
 I just tried this popcorn and it has absolutely no cheese flavor what so ever ! It just tastes like regular butter flavor.The one reviewer below said it tastes just like the fancy tin containers of cheese popcorn , but this is not true.Don ' t waste your precious hard earned money on this product if you are looking for good cheese flavor on your popcorn.I 'll have to try another brand I guess.Thanks
 My three kids liked eating the old fashioned kind . Now that they changed it my kids wo n't touch it anymore , and when I tried it I have to say it was the most awful taste ever . Sorry but I wo n't be buying this anymore unless they bring it back the way it was before . There was no need to change it let me just put it that way . Healthy or not if people do n't like it they wo n't eat it . If that is to hard to understand than your just going to lose alot of money . With three kids we used to buy this all the time but not anymore . I also noticed the price inched up a bit as well on this .
 Way overpriced . I received a VERY SMALL amount - only 4oz . I will not be ordering this product from this company again .
 Wish I would have known these contain trans fats , Although its only 1 gram I would have reconsidered this purchase had the nutrition facts been noted on amazon .
 If you really want berries in your muffins , go elsewhere ! It 's hard to see from the small picture on amazon , but this `` triple berry '' mix has only `` imitation berries '' -- i.e. collections of chemicals/food coloring to make them look like blueberries , blackberries , and raspberries . Yuck ! If you really want `` triple berry '' muffins , try a plain blueberry muffin mix with REAL blueberries and add your own fresh blackberries and raspberries . Now THAT 'S yummy!P.S . Guess I sounded overly snotty as I have only 1 helpful review out of 5 ! Ca n't figure out why the other 4 people did n't find the review useful -- if I were thinking of buying something called a `` triple berry muffin mix '' I would want to know if it really had any berries in it . This mix does n't ! Now come on , is n't that helpful to know ? : - -RRB-
 I was disappointed in the packing of this product . The product came in a case of 12 . I planned to share them with two other people . Six of the boxes has small tears in the same location and could not be used . I gave the other six to my friends and did not keep any for myself.We all know the product is good because this cake is a traditional birthday cake for their family . We were so excited to find them on Amazon since they are no longer carried in our local grocery stores .
 Very disappointed . We love this cake and can only find the mixes when we visit family in Iowa . We were so excited to see we could order on-line . However , we ordered on 6/2/08 and when cake mixes arrived a few days later they had a `` Best When Used By Date '' of 06/06/08 !!!! Imagine having to use 12 mixes in one day ! I hope they keep for a little while . The first one we baked came out fine , so we 'll see how the others do .
 This Angel Food cake mix is americanized to the extreme , full of chemicals and way too much sugar . Use Duncan Hinze mix if you can find it , it has half the sugar .
 i 'm a professional cake decorator and wanted to see how this tasted , frosted and if it could give a smooth texture , but it ca n't . The texture is like marshmallow fluff , so it 's almost impossible to have a very neat and clean look to it.On the bright side , it 's definitely convenient and easy to make -LRB- just add boiling water -RRB- and is great for simple home baked cakes.I would n't recommend this for anyone looking to make professional looking cakes though . Home made is better : -RRB-
 IT IS VERY DISTURBING WHEN YOU PULL THIS UP UNDER THE GLUTEN FREE SELECTIONS !!! THIS ITEM IS `` NOT '' GLUTEN FREE !!!!
 The item description says this should contain four pieces , but I received ONE tiny .53 ounce piece of chocolate in a big box ! I should have read the description better because I thought this was for the large bars , not the little pieces -LRB- my mistake -RRB- . I would n't have paid this price -- I could have bought a whole bag at BJs for what I paid for the one piece plus shipping . I have contacted the seller regarding only receiving one , not four pieces , and will revise this if I receive the rest .
 This is not an indoor bonsai tree . Tree was advertised as indoors , it came with welcome information on receiving your new OUTDOOR tree . It wont last on my desk , as planned . The poor thing is starting to lose all it 's leaves . Very disappointed in the description . It 's an adorable tree , I guess I 'll put it outdoors and see how it goes .
 Plant showed up about a week after ordering and was covered in a white fungus or mold . . I do n't know what to do about it and I do n't want to put it near my other plants . I bought it from 9greenbox and I contacted them but am waiting to hear back from them . . The tree does not look like the photo at all and is in a pot that seems way too small for the tree . The tree seems rather weak looking in terms of health and beauty . . I was looking forward to it and was hoping I would get the brussels tree from brussels because the last bonsai I had bought was actually from them and was a great plant . . Do not buy from this seller if you are looking to get the brussels tree . .
 It was cold when the plant was delivered , do n't know how long it sat outside or on the truck , but must have gotten frozen during transport , leaves shriveled and dropped and now the plant looks dead . I will hold on to it for a while to see if it revives .
 My bonsai came with spider mites and slugs . The soil was regular potting soil , not free draining . Some of the wiring was left on the tree . Additionally , 75 % of the leaves were defoliated . Do n't buy ...
 Here 's a list of everything that 's wrong with my tree * infested with fungus gnat larvae * yellowing leaf 's * wiring marks on the trunk * not 8 to 9 inches * delivered in 5 days not two day shipment * might have root rotAll I hope is that my poor little tree will make it.you would think I would want to return my tree but I do n't want to give up on it yet : -RRB- Brussel 's CT9005CE Chinese Elm Bonsai
 I sent this to my mother , and it showed up dead , she threw it out , so I ca n't even return it . DONT BUY THIS ON ANY CIRCUMSTANCES !!!!
 Wish I could tell you the plant was beautiful , but it did n't arrive before Christmas as promised . Delivery date was 12-23-2010 . I ordered it 12-18-2010 . It 's Christmas day and my mother-in-law called to see if I got her present . Of course she said she did n't receive anything from us .
 i was pleased with the plant itself - - BUT the vase was in a thousand little pcs ! would cost to much to send back - I replanted , but not looking as good
 I followed all the instructions labeled on the tree and it still died within a week . Do n't buy ! Do n't let the cheap price fool you .
 Wondering if it will liven up in spring . If not it was a total waste of money . The pot it was shipped in does not hold water . Water leaks out all over table until I realized . So far , not happy
 I just recieved my Bonsai tree , it looks more like a dead stick jamed into a crappy little container . When I opened the package the tree did n't have a single leaf on it and appears to be completly dead . Do n't waste your money !
 I bought three of these to give as xmas presents . They all arrived with brown leaves falling off daily as I hoped the shock would ware off in the week before xmas . More leaves just brown and fall off daily . What a waste off money . Off I go to buy three new gifts .
 While I am not an expert in Bonsai , it appears that neither was the person who was growing this tree . The tree that I received had very little if any resemblance with the tree that is shown in the photo . I would be careful before buying bonsai tree 's online unless you are seeing the actual tree that you are going to get . This tree was just a chop job of trimming and there were a few scars on the trunk where wire had been left on too long and too tightly during the training process . I would invite others to think twice before buying this tree .
 Hey , I 've had this tree for about a month and at first all the leaves started to turn yellow , then they started to fall off . It was BEAUTIFUL when it got here and then it immediately started dying . There are still a few leaves which look alive , but all of the leaves are brittle and if you touch them they fall from the branch . I think its dead , and I do n't think its my fault . I 'm not a `` green thumb '' but I have plenty of plants , including a jade bonsai which i got from a friends cutting and grew all by myself -LRB- so I thought this one which was prepotted and pregrown would be no problem -RRB- . Although this is my first bonsai , its definitely not my first plant , and its not like I did n't go into this totally unprepared , I read all about it and followed all the directions . Indoors . It gets a whole days worth of moderate sun . I water it enough to lightly soak the soil every day ten days . The first time I did it , I watered it more than that , and I was afraid that 's what hurt it -LRB- but its not like I watered it a LOT , the soil was just very damp - besides it has such a good drainage system I did n't think overwatering would be as much of a problem -RRB- . Anyways , I 'm very disappointed . Maybe it was a bit shocked from the travel but it should have recovered by now ? I 'll update if I can nurse it back to health but winter is coming and I 'm worried for its health and although I still treat it as if it is alive , I 'm pretty sure its dead .
 They are very pretty - look like real pearls . But they are very hard and I 'm afraid to use them on my cupcakes . Do n't want anyone to break a tooth on these ! Seller was prompt , and the photo is exact .
 I received this tree two days ago and noticed the pot was smashed inside the box . The soil was all over the bottom of the box as well . If just a little more time was taken to protect the bot then this would not have happened . I took the tree out of the old pot and also noticed that the wire used to hold the tree in place was digging into the tree really bad . This worries me as it was in the trunk about 1/4 '' . I will be pushing for my money back AND I am not returning this junk .
 when the item was received the pot was cracked in two places , rather then return it and hope the next one was OK , I patched it and plan to re-pot it !! I was not happy over the shipment being broken , but the plant is beautiful !!
 The tree and pot which arrived were not the ones pictured . Also , the trunk has several indentions and rust spots from where improper wire was left on the trunk too long . I expected better .
 The tree in the picture is full , colorful , and well healthy . The tree you receive will likely be none of these things . It will be alive , and may someday be like the one in your picture . However , the one in the picture is a $ 40 dollar tree , the one you receive is a $ 15 garage sale tree .
 Bought this as a requested gift . Kind of sick looking when I got it , but the receipant was thrilled with it .
 Unfortunately they do not use much pearl powdery stuff on these . They are uneven with some having tails , the luster is flat and on most there is nothing but an ugly yellowish sugar ball showing through . I could have done better elsewhere and next time I will .
 These pearls are not at all as pictured . There is hardly any luster to them and they are not ivory , they are too yellow . Just as others have reviewed , they are definitely not worth the money . I contacted them for a refund and they completely refused to do anything , next time I will buy elsewhere .
 It was ok , had to redust them , didnt have too much color or shine to them . . Would n't recommend buying these again .
 they are MUCH lighter in person almost like they had sat in the sun for along time , a dirty pale pink color.notat all like they looked on the website and so hard that I would be afraid of breaking a tooth on them !
 I bought this from Amazon -LRB- not the seller depicted currently -RRB- . The plant looked great on arrival , but it died with 15 days , despite trying very hard and following all instructions . I wonder if shipping in a box -LRB- and depriving light , etc for 2-4 days -RRB- causes such damage .
 Yes it came packed very nicely like the other reviews say , it even got here earlier than I expected.What I was upset about is really how ugly this tree is . I was n't expecting something as perfectly manicured as what is shown in the picture but I definitely was n't expecting the Hackjob that arrived on my doorstep . It looked like it someone had just lopped off about a foot in order for it to fit in the box ... I just got it an hour ago and I 'm seriously debating returning it because I do n't know if I have it in my to make this look like anything other than a diseased , half-dead stick with some leaves glued on.The trunk is very straight which is nice , and even with the free shipping it still arrived with moist soil . The pot is also very nice . The reason for a 2 star instead of a 1 or less .
 Picture a straight stick , lopped off at the top , with a few bare branches a few tiny bits of green , and you have this `` bonsai '' plant . Very well packed , but pathetic when unpacked , the only resemblance to the photos on the Amazon page would be the pot , which is identical . We received this as sympathy gift after death in family . Hard to imagine a more absurd item . Noted this to the sender , who apparently complained and got a second sent , very similar to the first . Deceptive photo , this item needs a strong disclaimer against use as a gift .
 Good size but the most primitive pruning.I would have preferred that they had n't pruned it at all and just left it for me to do . Really bad job for a bonsai .
 The tree was well packaged and came quickly , but was dead . I would have liked some written instructions about the tree rather than a recommendation to call the seller . I was also not sure whether the tree was dormant and was perhaps supposed to look the way it does -LRB- in December . -RRB- I 'm still hoping it may revive , so I 'm hanging on to it . It was intended as a gift to celebrate a marriage , but I could n't give a dead looking tree in that circumstance .
 The tree is very ugly ... was not cut in away to look like a little tree . . the tree is huge which is nice but has a very very ugly top . . looks like some one potted a bush . . Cheap to buy but nothing like a bonsai . Looks like my 4 year old made this . Sad this was a present . : -LRB-
 Soooooo upset by this order . Ordered this as a christmas gift for my brother-in-law who LOVES the redwoods . When it arrived , it was deader than dead . It was the saddest looking stump I have ever seen in my life . Charlie Brown 's Christmas Tree looks lush and full by comparison . Never have I been so upset by a purchase through Amazon .
 I recieved this product from lou 's bonsai and it was such a disapointment . First off when opening the box the pot was in pieces . I can understand that this happens , but the plant was in horrible condition . It looked like nothing in the picture . I understand that this was not the same tree but it was apparent that the grower just lopped off the top of the tree and grew it like a plant . It looks horrible . My roommate was against me displaying it in our living room because of the crappy look it has . I was so disapointed I am an avid collector of bonsai trees and it will take years for this bush to look like a tree again . I contacted lou who told me he was going to reship but that never happened . DO NOT BUY FROM LOU 'S BONSAI . They totally ruined everything about this transaction
 The tree was well packaged and came watered . I will say it was younger then what the picture showed . * updatI unpacked it and put in indirect sunlight and watered as suggested . All was going well but three weeks later it was dead.Tree traveled from across the country and I am not sure how long it was in the box as it was a gift . But I will say I am not sure this was a factor.Amazon wise I have one good tree still going and one dead tree ... * update * Well now . I did n't dispose of the tree and found a new limb sprout . Will update as I try to recover this tree .
 Tree is totally brown and appears dead ... trimmed quite funky . I can only hope it may sprout something in the spring .
 horrific ! It looked like they had just found a twig and loped off the top ! And that was just for starters . It was sent in the middle of winter -LRB- a Christmas gift from my mom and dad I might add -RRB- But it was still had n't droped it 's leaves . It was poorly potted , like they were going for a root over rock style with out the rock.the top was cut off and it had 2 leading shoots . Needeles to say it it held on to it 's needles all winter and never really went through a dormant peroied . It finaly droped it 's dry as bones leaves near the end of winter but then spring came and it strugled and tried to bud out but failed and is dead very dead ... I checked . This was the worst attempt at a bonsai I have ever seen , for this type of tree I could not think of a worse specimen then the one this company -LRB- and I use the term companay loosly -RRB- sent me . Stay away form this company ! If could give a less then one star rating I would !!!
 The tree itself was n't as pictured , and the pot it arrived in was cracked . The company is working with us , but it 's a slow process .
 I just received my redwood bonsai . I did n't expect it to be in the greatest condition but this was extreme . Not 1 leaf on it ! Sure I can send it back but I would like to speak to someone about it . Will it get leaves ? It 's always a hassle sending items back .
 just like the review that i had read , came with the base wrapped securely , but that wont make up for the top being chopped off or the fact that almost all the branches were dead & the one leaf on it fell off before I could set it on my table . I am so disappointed . I dont know who to contact about this scrawny little tree
 This bonzai arrived without a single needle on it , with an atrocious pruning job . I am definitely returning this tree .
 not sure what to say just yet . the tree was n't what i had expected it looked like they put a stick in the pot hacked it a little and sent it on its way . after 4 days the leaves all turned brown and limp . i am hopeing it is just a phase but i will wait it out and see . i have ordered many trees on amazon and all were great i just hope this one turns aroun
 I had read other reviews and knew what to expect about the candy coming in a plain plastic bag . That was fine but the bag was then placed in a too large box with no padding and during shipment the bag busted . I had to go to the trouble of returning the candy and it was wasted when all it would have taken was for the company to place it in a smaller box or have added some padding material .
 Disappointed . Even though it says bulk , you 'd think CANDY would be wrapped up and sealed . It comes in a messy , too large of a plastic bag in a hand tied knot , not knowing if it was scooped in or if someone 's hand was all over CANDY that you 're supposed to consume . The plastic bag itself came a little greasy looking and plus , the picture shows all the candies being part of what you 're buying . There were no pink or hardly any blue candies which happen to be the best ones . It came in a USPS envelope , smushed , and taped poorly . I 'm surprised Amazon would even allow it . There is absolutely no way I 'll be using these candies for anything . It 's gross .
 I recieved this item and was not pleased at all ... the picture shows that you recieve all of these runts ... but when i got mine ... they did not include the pink and blue ones which everyone knows are the best ... Could be way more specific next time ! NOT PLEASED AT ALL !
 When I got the Runts in the mail , I thought I would get the Runts in the original package from the maker , but it was only a regular bag full of candy . So I was very disappointed how the candy came in the mail . I do n't know if the seller had used their hand or something to scoop them candy into the bag or what .
 My bald cyprus tree forest order arrived dead and bare . It was a group of 9 dead sticks . I am in the process of returning for refund .
 How can anyone still feed this to children ? I can not believe that , given the medical research evidence about the dangers of artificial colors and flavors -LRB- of which Wacky Mac and the other Fould 's prodcuts have several -RRB- , anyone would give this to children . If you want a Kosher mac & cheese , make it from scratch -LRB- it is sooo easy -RRB- or buy this one instead , which is far healthier
 I received this product without any information on who to contact if anything was wrong . The pot was completely cracked & it appears as if 2 of the trees are close to dying . The plant is currently dormant for the winter , so who knows what will happen in the spring , however I know the pot wo n't be fixed ! I 'm disappointed with the lack of customer service & the product for the price I paid .
 Unfortunately , most of the rice cakes in the carton were broken . Taste was good , but crumbly rice cakes left much to be desired .
 Delivery of Product
 I am very disappointed in this item . The tree upon arrival was unhealthy with spotty leaves . The pot is not as pictured . Although I have followed instructions exactly as given , the tree died in a matter of weeks . Very sad . : -LRB-
 Despite the fact that I followed the on-screen instructions on how to care for the plant , it 's half dead after a couple weeks . Most of the leaves are dry and curled under . VERY DISAPPOINTING !!!
 Bought tree in November 2007 . Came in without leaves , looked dormanr because of winter . It is spring now -LRB- April 16 , 2008 -RRB- , tree was not dormant , IT WAS DEAD . Amazon refuses to do anything about this tree . They have collected my $ 28.99 and sold me a dead tree . Rating should be a negative 5 stars .
 Brussel 's Japanese Red Maple Outdoor Bonsai TreeAcer Palmatun Arakawa , as my tree is labeled , is Not A red Japanese maple , per sayRough bark maple . Desirable for bonsai because of it 's bark which develops a very interesting character with age . Grows well in a pot , or larger in the ground . Green leaves in summer turn a wonderful fall color of varying shades of red.Arakawa is grown for the bark rather than the foliage ; after two or three years , it starts to get thick and corky . The summer leaf color is green ; fall color is goldRough-Barked Cultivars used for bonsaiThese varieties have an aged , rough textured bark , even at a relatively young age -LRB- 5-10 years -RRB- . Though there are a small number of Acer palmatum with this characteristic , the most vigorous and well suited to bonsai cultivation is the ` Arakawa ' . This has light green leaves that turn yellow in Autumn.Although it grows vigorously when young , ` Arakawa ' then slows down to quite slow growth , with an eventual height of 25 ' . Its mature slow growth and attractive habit , along with its rough bark , make it a favorite for bonsai . In the landscape , it is hardy and does well in difficult conditions . It 's bright green in spring and summer . In fall , there are varying shades of red , with bright scarlet predominating . ` Arakawa ' is synonymous with ` Nishiki sho ' . The rough bark does not become evident for a few years , and continues to get more prominent with age . Also known as Rough Bark Maple .
 My Japanese Red maple was n't a bonsai . it was about 3 times larger than what the picture indicates . I received my tree almost completely dead with no healthy leaves . When i tried to get a replacement I was sent an even larger tree that was just as dead . There is no way to file a claim with amazon for this seller and I ca n't leave feedback either . Stay away from this seller !
 This item arrived looking half dead with no leaves or blooms . I followed the instructions but the bonsai never had a chance . This was a total waste of money and unfortunately I bought two different bonsai 's as gifts and they both did not live . I would NEVER recommend purchasing this product . If I could have rated this less than one star I would have done so !
 The maple tree came beautiful packed and arrived quickly . I was quit impressed with the packing . The tree does not in any way look like the picture . Even though it 's not what I ordered and what I really expected , I named the tree `` The Ugly Duckling . '' She is beautiful in my eyes , but in no way is the picture identical to what I received . I have purchased others from Brussels and was satisfied . Not this time .
 Received the Japanese maple today and it is in rough shape . The tree itself has several broken branches and also many spots on the leaves . In addition it is just not an attractive tree . Its quite tall , but also quite narrow and has only a few branches on it , none of which are very large . The trunk is far to large consistering the lack of branches , I do n't quite understand what happened with the tree , but I 'm not happy , hoping for a refund or different tree .
 It came on Thursday and I gave it as gift . The next morning , it was dead . Every leaf was curled up . We do n't know what happened .
 I purchased this as a gift to a friend , however , she did not get this , instead she got a dried outdoor gingko with no leaves what so ever . I am trying to return this item . Very disappointing .
 This is distinctly different than Gran Riserva ! While this is good balsamic vinegar , it is not great . We had previously purchased Fattoria Estense 's Gran Riserva in the short squat bottle -LRB- same # of oz -RRB- and it was amazing . This vinegar is much sharper and thinner . It does not have the thick sweet quality of the Gran Riserva . The Gran Riserva you could easily serve on ice cream - this , no .
 and there were absolutely NO instructions included specifically for the Ginkgo Bonsai - most importantly when and how to prune , how large it will get , etc. . None of these questions can be found in books either . Currently , it is 28 '' tall which I consider rather tall for a bonsai I 've had for less than 1 month but I do n't know what to expect . The pot is pretty .
 The very 1st thing I noticed about this product was how nasty it tasted ! I 've tried stevia by numerous manufacturers -LRB- PLUS , I read the excellent reviews ! -RRB- and this is hands-down the worst!When I finally read the actual ingredients -LRB- I had assumed it was stevia -RRB- and discovered that the very 1st ingredient was n't stevia . . but RICE MALTODENTRIN , I was shocked AND angry ! I have a liver disorder and can not pump crap like maltodextrin into my liver ! Hence , the use of stevia , an all natural product . BEWARE IF YOU HAVE DIABETES and think this is a safe sugar substitute . It 's NOT ! Below is a quote from a website -LRB- the link follows -RRB- ... and there are plenty of others with warnings for maltodextrin for those who are looking for an safe sugar substitute.PLUS ... I do n't care what anyone says . If you think this is the best stevia product ever -LRB- and many actually do ! -RRB- then you have n't tried the right stevia manufacturer . NOW is n't one of them.I ordered this shoe in the correct size but they were huge . i am returning them & hoping that the smaller size will work . they match the dress perfect & are adorable ... `` It 's the combination that may cause spikes in insulin because maltodextrin is a carbohydrate with a high glycemic index , similar to table sugar and should be used in moderation if you have diabetes or hypoglycemia . You must consider the carbohydrate content of products sweetened with added maltodextrin to maintain healthy blood sugar levels . `` Read more :[ ... -RSB-
 I usually love NOW products use them for supplements all the time . I was disappointed with the stevia packets . The after taste was terrible -- tasted bitter instead of sweet . I 've been using stevia packets for years and never had a brand that tasted so horrible . I looked at the label and found that it had rice maltodextrin in it . So , I 'm assuming that 's the cause for the after taste . Read your labels before bying . Maltodextrin is n't the healthiest thing to put in your body either and chances are if you 're using a stevia product , you 're trying to stay away from white sugar and artificial sweeteners . So , buyer beware .
 I 've loved using NuStevia for 5 years.I tried using this stevia instead . It 's wo n't dissolve in HOT coffe.It takes 9 packets of this brand instead of 2 packets of other brands.Customer service refuses to pay for me to ship this back to them.Do not waste your money on this diluted , non-disolving stevia . It 's cheaper to buy a more concentrated brand that will disolve in coffee .
 I 'm usually impressed with this brand 's stevia products , but not with these individually packed ones . These do n't taste sweet in the slightest ; tastes more like paper ! Also , the ones I got were packed in a white wrapper , not blue like the picture shows .
 It does n't melt in liquid , I have to use more to get the sweetness I like , DO NOT like Rice Maltodextrin in my Stevia and last but not least , each packet has 1 carb ! I am returning my order to Amazon . I have been using Stevia for approximately 3 years and have tried different brands .
 and then got a refund saying the company does not carry this item any longer ... what a disappointment ... take this listing off ...
 While this was an economical way to purchase a ` Large Serving Size ' -LRB- not available in stores -RRB- I was disappointed with the condition the box arrived in and the poor packing of the product . Instead of the bags being lined up and covered with a protective cellophane wrap , they were tossed into the mailing box without any protective wrapping . Individual bags were all crushed . Chips were not as fresh as they are when purchasing them directly from the store .
 I wo n't buy seeds from this company again . Several of the seeds did n't sprout . It was quite disappointing . Another company I bought seeds from showed me what it should be like -- definitely not this company . I gave it two stars because the packaging is nice and the potential is a good thing . I like the thought of this mix . It just did n't work for me .
 The price was good for this item . However , after opening the box of 24 , 4 of the envelopes were sealed but empty of contents . So now the price wase n't so good . Guess I 'll not be buying large quanties again .
 Good Seasons Salad Dressing & Recipe Mix , Fat Free Italian , 1.05-Ounce Packets -LRB- Pack of 24 -RRB- I tried this pack as I normally use Good Seasons Italian Salad Dressing Mix -LRB- non fat free -RRB- . It just does not have the same good flavor . I will go back to the Non Fat Free .
 This has to be the world 's smallest box of chocolates , and its not even the 220g that is advertised . It is less than 200g . Very disappointing
 I had this tree sent to my daughter for her birthday , but it arrived in poor condition and only got worse . We fared no better with a second attempt ... we were very disappointed , to say the least . But , Amazon was very cooperative about our return .
 So far , this Crepe Myrtle has not shown one flower , nor the potential for any flowers , and , in fact it did not look good when I got it , about 30 days ago . I will provide an update if it starts looking healthier and beautiful like the picture . Product did arrive quickly . Also , the greenery is not near as full as the picture shown .
 This item arrived looking half dead with no leaves or blooms . I followed the instructions but the bonsai never had a chance . This was a total waste of money and unfortunately I bought two different bonsai 's as gifts and they both did not live . I would NEVER recommend purchasing this product .
 This is the second bonzai tree that I received and just like the 1st one , this one does not look like it 's going to make it for very long . I thought maybe it was something I did or did n't do but regardless ... No plant should be that difficult to maintain considering it started to look very dried out and droopy come day two . The soil was very hard & dry and packed way too tight into the pot that it made watering the plant nearly impossible .
 the dwarft crepe mrytle bonsai never flowered but did grow but left outside as specified in instructions it now has lost most leaves and probably will not make it thru the winter .
 It does n't look healthy when I got it , but I thought I should give it a chance . But now , all the leave are gone.I am not sure if it will show a sign of life or I just wasted my money.The other two bonsai are doing well . Still wondering why this flowering plant which looks so beautiful in the picture , might become a disappointment - I hope not ...
 On March 21 , 2011 , I purchased a Brussel 's DT9049DCM Crepe Myrtle Bonsai tree through Amazon . The tree received in a dormant state -LRB- No leaves or signs of growth -RRB- . In mid April 2010 I became concerned about the lack of growth -LRB- Only about six leaves -RRB- on the entire tree and all those leaves on a coupe branches only . I telephoned Brussel 's to determine if tree was late to thrive or what . I received a return call from Brussel 's Bonsia Master who stated that it was normal that their trees was just now starting to grow and to give it two to four weeks and call him back with the status . Upon request I e-mailed them six protographs of the tree . After a couple weeks all signs of life on the tree were gone . An additional six photographs were sent and with the exchange of several emails where they indicated they would replace the item . On May 17 , 2001 , I received an email indicating you purchase the item from Amazon so go through them for a replacement or you can buy a new one directly from them . Now I have never returned an item through Amazon , but to say I am very disappointed in this matter is an understatement . Is there any assistance Amazon can provide in this matter ?????? Try and find a phone number to call Amazon . I sent an email through their system without any response . Buyer beware , if you want to be treated like a second class system buy from Brussel 's through Amazon . After the purchase of eleven trees through Brussels and about seven of them through Brussel 's has lost a CUSTOMEr . As well if I ca n't get any response through Amazon they have lost a CUSTOMER as well !!!!!!!!
 Brussel 's DT9049DCM Crepe Myrtle BonsaiI was totally disappointed with this product ! Unfortunately , I did n't read the reviews before I ordered it , which taught me a lesson . The picture showed beautiful , purple flowers ... when mine arrived , it barely had any leaves , let alone flowers ! Also , the instructions that came with the `` plant '' said it was for outdoors , & there was nothing about that in the description . Amazon was wonderful about giving me a refund , but I think they probably had a lot of practice giving refunds for this one ! I also learned not to order plants through the mail . I would not recomend this product .
 I ordered this Crepe Myrtle Bonsi for a very dear sister-in-law who just turned 70 . She loves bonsai and I LOVED the photo and all the info I read on this particular bonsai . I knew she would love this new hobby and probably order more and more as well as share the idea of a new hobby with her friends . We live so f ar away from each other I wanted her to have something unusual to enjoy . The plant arrived with absolutely NOTHING on it not a leaf , or flower . What a sad plant , she sent a tx pik of it . She has hopes that it will somehow come around and turn into the lovely plant you pictured . My husband and I order very frequently from Amazon and for many years have just never had any complaint but this is just really a terrible HAPPY BIRTHDAY to a very sweet and dear lady .
 The plant was delivered without any leaves , just naked breaches and does not look like it is going to make it to the summer . I will update in a couple of months if it makes it .
 The pot that the tree was in was broken , and I just did not have the time during the Christmas sesaon to try and return it and then have you send me another one .
 When this arrived it looked a little beat up but I thought maybe the little tree would rally with some water and light . I had gotten it as a birthday gift for my mother . Before I could present the bonsai to her four days later it had died . Very disappointing .
 I had planned to present this flowering bonsai to the doctors and hospital staff who preformed and cared for me during a major surgery . When it arrived it was a wilted , brown and broken mess . Totally unpresentable . It appeared to me and to my wife -LRB- a master gardener -RRB- that the plant possibly had been subjected to freezing temperatures along with some rough handling . With dead blooms and brownish tone -LRB- lacking the rich green in the leaves -RRB- its future is very uncertain . I have a digital image of the plant as it looked upon arrival before it was to be transfered to the hospital and is available if a way to send . This is certainly not the quality I have come to expect of an Amazon product . Richard Wilson , Ph.D. .
 I purchased this as a birthday gift for my 83 year old mother-in-law . I thought it would be a fun , different gift . It was definately different - the plant was dead within a week . She did n't tell me until a few weeks later . . she did n't want to hurt my feelings . I was extremely disappointed when she told me about the plant .
 My girlfriend purchased this for me for valentines day . The plant arrived in good health and was packeged with precision . That however is not my issue . The tree if you can call it that does not look like a `` bonsai '' at all really . It has a very thin trunk , poor root structure , no nabari , and poor branch development . I also could find no data on `` Fringe Flower '' in my 7 bonsai books that I own . I would advise purchasing a Chinese Elm or Black Pine . I would not recommend to a friend .
 Although the item came in on time and decent enough . This is an outside bonsai . This is not an inside bonsai . Very disappointed .
 Was disappointed to find out that this tree that I purchased as a gift for someone has died after continuous care of 2-3 months .
 You have shown the person as the reciepient of my order as also the person for billing purposes this should not be so.The order will be and should be for my account and the billing , please explainDennis Tickle
 I got it as a valentines present from my husband a couple of days back , it looked withered when it reached , i thought it will become fine when nurtured and i followed all the instructions with watering and temperatue and sunlight , but looks like it is dying.some of the leaves are falling and there are no flowers the buds are also dying , i watered it as was mentioned 3 times a week but looks like it is not gon na survive , does anyone has a suggestion how to survive such a plant ... I am really sad .
 WHEN IT GOT TO MY HOME IT WAS FROZEN A FEW DAYS LATER IT DIED . I WAS VERY UPSET IT WAS A PRESENT , I think they should send me my money back .
 All 3 of the bonsai tree 's I purchased died within a couple weeks of being delivered . They looked bad when they arrived but I thought it was just from getting moved around in the box . They lost a lot of leaves the first couple days and then were completely dead within 2 weeks . IT was a huge disappointment as we spent a lot of money on these trees and now have nothing to show for it .
 Do not buy products from Sheryl Shop , I bought a bonsai for Mother 's Day they sent a broken/dead tree , with more than 80 % of branches broken , totally dry , in the worst conditions , it was garbage , the packing also was really bad without any signs as such as FRAGILE , this side up or down anything . I call Lous who told and promised me that he was sending a new one in good conditions and i will receive it on Tuesday , I have been waiting for it since Friday 11 and calling almost everyday with the same answer I will receive a new one , tomorrow is going to be 7 days waiting , the last time we talk he gave me a tracking number from UPS , it was created a day after and never sent nothing , UPS did not receive anything , IS A FRAUD !!!!! , they send garbage and you pay for that !!! My complain is
 After ordering as a mother 's day gift -LRB- in stock with estimated arrival before the holiday -RRB- , I get an email 2 days AFTER mothers day stating the item is not available and should arrive before mid-JULY !!!!! Beyond furious , THANKS FOR A RUINED MOTHER 'S DAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Hello , The bonsai pot was broken when it arrived , the bonsai was fine though . I like to get a replacement pot so I can place the bonsai in the right place.Thanks , Mana Weigand
 Very watery base to tasteless clam sauce . I complained to General Foods -LRB- Progresso -RRB- and received two coupons to use toward their products . I bought 12 cans of this stuff !!
 I own an Illy x6 and it came with a sampler of illy ese pods . When those ran out I researched online and ordered these pods . First of all the pod is not tightly packed and has a looseness which makes the fit in the holder improper . As a result sometimes the illy machine keeps on going and overflows the normal quantity which an espresso cup would hold.Secondly the flavor body and aroma are diffuse and not good for espresso . If you are making a cappuccino you will likely not taste much difference . I do not recommend Lavazza for espresso on an illy machine .
 This `` Espresso '' coffee is too weak . Tastes like regular American coffee . This is not the taste you are looking for when you buy espresso . I use it with my Delonghi espresso machine , foam is good but taste is bad.I will try another brand in the future .
 I expected better from Lavazza having been introduced to it in Rome last year . In perspective , I usually grind my espresso beans -LRB- Brazil Sweet Blue is my favorite -RRB- immediately before brewing and I always buy beans that have been roasted no more than 1 week ago . This obviously skew my taste toward fresh product and these pods are definitely not that . Convenient , though .
 Easy serve espresso pods , or ESE pods are supposed to be a consistent size , weight and tamp . But as a machine manufacturer I can tell you first hand that the coffee brewers intentionally modify the ESE spec to make their pods more likely to work well in their machine . -LRB- and not so well in a competitor 's -RRB- You see , in Italy , the coffee biz is like the cell biz here . Buy a contract for two years of monthly pods and we will throw a machine in for free . They do n't want you using that machine with OPP -LRB- other people 's pods -RRB- . So they take a perfectly good standard and tweak it so it is no longer a standard . In the case of these pods , they are way too loosely packed to work in any of my pod only machines . Water flows so fast it barely changes colors . Oh well , I 've only got 149 left . Ughhh .
 Lavazza coffee is great - no problem with that , but these pods are an absolute waste of $ . I thought the pods would offer some convenience when in a rush to make espresso in the morning when heading out to work . Wrong move . They work poorly - I tried them in three different high quality machines , all with the same results . Poor , uneven flow with not enough substance to give a smooth shot with good creme . Frustrated , I decided to just open up the pods and put the good stuff in a can for proper use ... that 's when I discovered just how big a rip-off these are . Buying Lavazza in the can is about $ 7.00 for an 8.8 oz . can on average - I bought 150 pods for about $ 55 and when I emptied out about half of these into a can I got just that - 1 can . $ 27.50 per can . Hmmm ... that means I just paid $ 20 + for their packaging . Stupid me . Convenience be damned , I 'll just buy canned coffee and work for my cup in the morning .
 Progresso has changed hands a couple of times . I remember when Progress Clam sauce was great ! It used to come in bottles with GREAT ingredients . THEN , they came out with a canned version with terrible ingredients but STILL made the superior sauce in the bottle . They now did away with the superior bottled sauce and only sell this canned version . The bottled clam sauce still had the great indredients and no chemicals like MSG etc.Their present canned variety is horrible . The old one had ALL Olive Oil , not just a little added so that they can say it on the label . The old version did NOT have MSG and all the other chemicals that this one has . Brand Loyalty is a bad thing to fall into.This is NOT the Progresso Clam sauce of old . It sucks !
 Yes , you heard what I said . Ever since General Mills took over this Company , The flavor and quality went down hill . Leave it to American Business types , to take over good companies , and dilute their quality just to make a buck . Horray , for the wealthy .
 So disappointed with this product . Bought it online because I thought it would taste high end homemade . It is going out to the troops in Afghanistan and I wanted them to have a taste of home for the holidays . Unfortunately , I found I could 've saved money and just bought Crunch N ' Munch . This product has a bunch of un-popped kernels per bag ; not randomly -LRB- which would also be bad -RRB- but at least 3 to 4 kernels per bag . I thought they would put their product through more rigorous standards of quality , but i see that is not a concern with this vendor .
 $ 20 for 12 taco shells ? you can buy 20 tacos at taco bell for that price -LRB- including tax in most locales -RRB-
 Mae West supposedly said that too much of a good thing is not enough.Well , we bought a case of packages of Bugles via Amazon 's `` repeat '' shopper plan -LRB- which I like -RRB- . Probably I should have bought 1 or 2 bags at Wal-Mart and not tried to save money . A few of these snacks are OK , but they gradually lose their appeal if you are a committed snacker . The taste is a little strong , or sour , or dry , or something not memorable -LRB- like Mae West -RRB- . We bought the case last fall and still have 1 or 2 bags ...
 I wanted to love these . But they were so salty that it was impossible to enjoy them . Were Bugles this salty years ago or did they increase the salt in them ?
 There are two main problems I see with this product ... number one , squeeze bottles of any kind are just terrible for mayo and salad dressing . Number two , miracle whip 's formula has changed over the years to remove most of the fat from it . I 've stopped buying miracle whip and buy the off brand ` salad dressing ' for this reason , they still have full fat formulas . Just a heads up . Full fat stuff works much better for stuff like pea salads and the like . Much richer flavor .
 I love mayonnaise - the bland types . However , I -LRB- like some others -RRB- continue to hate the tangy , skunky flavor of Miracle Whip . If Miracle Whip were the only mayo on earth , I would never eat mayo again .
 Miracle Whip , 18-Ounce Bottles -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB- is one sweet , obnoxious product I have ever encountered . From what I hear people either loves it or hates it . I am in the latter category . Even if I was on a deserted island and this product was the only one available to accompany be that a fish freshly caught , a salad made of the abundant vegetation this island would offer , a loaf of bread that unexpectedly drifted towards the shore in a waterproof container , Miracle Whip is a resounding NO . And now the commercials try to make it look like the rebel of mayos , the one who did not played by the rules . Way too sweet to be anything other than a disastrous addition to any course served in my table . 1 Star since 0 is not available .
 I ordered a product called Kraft Hot & Spicy Mayo . A product I have been using for almost 5 years . I am very familiar with the title of the product and its labeling . They screen image I was showed during the order process was of the correct product . What I was sent was plain mayonnaise , and was incorrect . When I complained about it , I was told `` sorry YOU ordered the wrong item . '' No other venue to correct this was offered , and I am stuck with a case of a perishable food item which I can not use in my business . I am obviously unhappy with Amazon and the seller .
 not worth the price , I had to add my own product so it looked like it was worth $ 30 for a gift .
 This snack is WAY TOO SWEET ! I do n't taste anything salty at all . Would not buy again . The kids did n't even like it .
 I used these as rewards & I needed a large amount of them . The `` subscribe & save '' price was comparable to the sale price in the store , so I opted to have them shipped to me rather than make the trip to the store . All would have been well except that more than half of the 12 boxes had only 4 fruit rolls instead of the labelled 6 . NOT A GOOD DEAL ANYMORE ! I 've cancelled my subscription & will likely not `` subscribe & save '' with any additional products .
 Somebody handed me one of these at a picnic , and it looked interesting -- basically , it was like eating jam that had been left on a plate and dried into a concentrated and gelatinous lump of -- well ... . So I looked at the box the next time I went to the store.Here 's what it 's a lump of : -- Grapes From Concentrate , THAT 'S OKAY WITH ME -- Sugar , ALSO OKAY WITHIN LIMITS -- Maltodextrin , ANOTHER SUGAR -- Corn Syrup , ANOTHER SUGAR -- THE MOST UNHEALTHY OF ALL THE SUGARS -- SO UNHEALTHY THAT THE USA IS THE ONLY -- THE ONLY -- THE ONLY -- FIRST WORLD COUNTRY LEFT THAT HAS NOT BANNED IT 'S USE IN FOOD . -- Pears From Concentrate , OKAY -- 1 MORE ACTUAL FRUIT -- Partially Hydrogenated Cottonseed Oil , BASICALLY 1 STEP FROM PLASTIC , AND CONSIDERED AS BAD OR WORSE FOR PUBLIC HEALTH THAN TOBACCO -- Carrageenan , COLOR -- Citric Acid , PRESERVATIVE -- Acetylated Mono and Diglycerides , WHO KNOWS -- Sodium Citrate , ANOTHER PRESERVATIVE -- Malic Acid , ANOTHER PRESERVATIVE -- Xanthan Gum , HELP KEEP THE PLASTIC FROM BECOMING BRITTLE -- Vitamin C -LRB- Ascorbic Acid -RRB- , CA N'T ARGUE WITH THAT -- AND ALSO A PRESERVATIVE -- Locust Bean Gum , AGAIN , MOISTURIZER FOR THE PLASTIC -- Natural & Artificial Flavor , ARTIFICIAL FLAVOR ? ARE N'T WE TIRED OF THIS BY NOW ? -- Potassium Citrate , SOUNDS LIKE POTASSIUM AND CITRUS FRUIT -- BUT IT 'S NOT -- Color -LRB- Yellow 5 , Red 40 , Blue 1 -RRB- COLOR , COLOR , AND MORE COLOR -- IS N'T FRUIT PRETTY COLORFUL ALL BY ITSELF?So fruit -- which is already colorful and already sweet , is puree 'd with enough sugar to kill ants , then dosed up with preservatives so it has a half-life of 200 years -- AND they throw in partially hydrogenated fats -LRB- which are so bad for your that they have been banned in several states and countries around the world -- and will be banned by the rest before it 's over -RRB- -- and what have you got ? Something nobody in their right mind would eat and call `` fruit '' . This is not fruit -- it 's candy . And as candy -- it 's not even good candy . Why not go for a piece of real fruit followed by a bit of REAL 60-75 % chocolate made with REAL sugar . Chocolate has the highest concentration of anti-oxidents on the planet -- so many that it has a naturally ultra-long shelf life with no zero - none - nada - not-a-bit of preservative or partially hydrogenated anything.I 'm sorry , but I 've just about reached the end of my patience with these monolithic companies that market empty calories laced with poison under innocent sounding names and cute , brightly colored boxes with cartoon animals on them.And do n't be fooled by anything that says `` Zero Grams of Trans Fat '' -- if it has partially hydrogenated oils in the ingredients list -- then they 're splitting hairs with the labeling laws . Partially hydrogenated oil IS Trans Fat.If they make the portion size small enough that 1 portion has less than .5 grams of partially hydrogenated fat -LRB- even if the portion size is only 4 grams of the food -RRB- -- then they are within the law to lie to you and advertise their product as having 0-grams of trans fat ! Can you believe it ? Whatever happened to the spirit of the law?Money happened.If a portion size is 4-grams , and each 4-grams of a 180-gram box contains .4 - grams of partially hydrogenated fat -- that means the box could contain as much as 18-grams of TRANS FAT . It 's a con . It 's a lie . It 's trying to pass a lie that falls within the letter of the law off as the truth . I 've actually read boxes where the serving size was 2 crackers -- little tiny crackers -- that together weighed less than 9 grams . That 's less than 1/3 of an ounce . Who is that supposed to be a serving for ? Barbie?And if you buy these things and feed them to your children -- then you 're buying the lie because it 's easy , pretty , well marketed , sweet -LRB- no kidding -RRB- and without a shadow of thought or conscience .
 Well , I 'm not certain how these `` Fruit by the Roll '' thingies got into the house . I would never buy them . Perhaps they 're something left over from our last Halloween Day give-aways . In any case , neither my wife nor I will eat them , and I 'm hesitant to give them to the baby . They 're neither good fruit nor are they good candy . They taste about as much like fruit as Kool-Aid does . I tried one and it stuck tightly to my teeth . Great , just what I need , some sugary stuff stuck to my teeth . I 'm going to make certain all are out of the house this Halloween , but maybe I should n't do that to the neighborhood kids . Perhaps I should just throw them out.Gary Peterson
 I just now received my order from UPS . I was home when it was deliveded and when I opened the box I discovered that everything was all melted into one clump from the heat . All 12 packages are now worthless !!! This is not a good food product to be sending through the mail during hot summer months !!!
 Loved picking these packs up from travel centers while on the road and was delighted to find them available on Amazon for such a great price . Sadly the yogurt raisins had all melted and clumped together with everything else ... the peanut brittle was also melted partially . Huge clumps in each bag instead of trail mix ... what a mess . It was n't even summer/hot weather -LRB- hear anyway -RRB- . Buyer beware .
 There was no chocolate . There were twelve bags in the order . There were no pieces of any kind of chocolate in any of the bags . There were raisins , but no chocolate . Obviously these bags were factory seconds . For shame Amazon . Let the customer know they 're getting the product that did n't pass quality control .
 Where should I start ?? The one truly good thing I can say is that I 've been a customer of Amazon for several years , and as always their shipping was prompt and accurate , I do not in any way hold Amazon accountable for my dissatisfaction with this product . That being said , I ordered this for my parents to give as a gift to someone else . When it arrived , I was appalled !! First of all , this being the HOLIDAY season , I was shocked that this was wrapped with a light green and gold bow with BLACK ribbon , looking more like a Halloween or fall gift ! Even worse was the fact that the keepsake box looked NOTHING like what was advertised . You can see that it is supposed to be a cream colored leather box , but that is not what arrived ... what arrived was a black and gray fabric box with a black leather lid , and very cheaply made . There is no covering -LRB- material or otherwise on the inside -RRB- just green cardboard , and the same for the bottom . After taking inventory of the items listed to be in the box , yes , they were all there.Perhaps worse than the quality of the box , the wrapping , and the fact that the keepsake box is not as advertised is what occurred when I called customer service at Art of Appreciation . I politely explained that I was unhappy with the box , and that it was nothing like the picture . The customer service lady stated that sometimes they had to substitute if they ran out . -LRB- Note that nowhere does it say in the description
 So disappointed with this product . Bought it online because I thought it would taste high end homemade . It is going out to the troops in Afghanistan and I wanted them to have a taste of home for the holidays . Unfortunately , I found I could 've saved money and just bought Crunch N ' Munch . This product has a bunch of un-popped kernels per bag ; not randomly -LRB- which would also be bad -RRB- but at least 3 to 4 kernels per bag . I thought they would put their product through more rigorous standards of quality , but i see that is not a concern with this vendor .
 The chips sounded so good with sun dried tomatoes and balsamic vinegar but the first taste was almost to hot to bear . Since I do not like spicy things and do not think that the bag stated it would be hot it was quite a shock.Because it was a large box it was really too much trouble to send it back plus the postage would be high so I lost them all.If you like spicy food you might try these but otherwise stay away .
 I purchased what I thought was the Munchies Snack Mix pictured and was disappointed when I received the Quacker Snack Mix -LRB- Baked Cheddar -RRB- . This item did not contain anything I thought I was in the picture displayed . If I had n't opened and given some to co-workers I would have returned for a refund . Please do not picture different items than what you are actually offering as this is deceitfulQuaker Snack Mix , Baked Cheddar , 1.75-Ounce Bags -LRB- Pack of 60 -RRB- .
 I have reviewed this company 's products before , but for some reason , I have been asked to do it again . I hate to bad mouth any product , but on more than one ocassion I have had bad nuts from this company . I can not recommend them , and the last batch was returned as not edible . Try Superior nut company 's macadamias for a good product .
 Like eating mushy , decomposing cow tongue . There 's really no other way to describe this.But the self-heating element is pretty cool , and works well ... if you have something worthwhile to eat .
 I was stunned to see how much it cost . I got the exact same one from a Chinese grocery store and it was $ 1.99 . This seller is crazily greedy . With the delivery fee , he/she charges about $ 20 .
 The flavor for this mushroom soy sauce is very good . What the ad does n't tell you however , is that the sauce contains MSG . If you are allergic to MSG ... do n't buy it !
 This item is kosher , stores easily , was cheap , can be heated with any microwave according to kosher law , and is a cute concept.Unfortunately that is where the praise ends . The dish is SALTY , the potatoes are tiny , the meat taste like dog food and while never trying it myself , this product reminds me of `` D Ration army food `` Bottom Line ... pack a bagel and cream cheese and save your cholesterol . .
 They tout that this is the next level energy drink . It is basically caffeine and sugar . That is it ! Where is the next level ? In the hip world of energy drinks , you have to stand out with those sorts of phrases , but this drink offers very little to stand behind the words . It does taste good , but other than that , it is lame . Low caffeine , small 8oz can , very few vitamins and/or herbs .
 I bought this because of the positive reviews and fact most say it taste like Red Bull , but do n't their words sway you like I did . This stuff was awful - NOTHING like Red Bull . Very sour and sugary . I also noticed it expired a week ago .
 This particular product really does n't taste very good . A person can choke it down , once in a while , but it is good enough for when you just ca n't be bothered to cook anything else , or when your only piece of cooking equipment is an unkosher microwave , and you need a kosher meal .
 These were the absolutely worst biscuits I have ever made -LRB- flavor-wise -RRB- . I never write reviews but wanted to help someone save their money . A much better gluten free biscuit mix is the 1 2 3 Southern Glory brand . Light and delicious . Even as dumplings the Bob 's Mill biscuits were terrible .
 I just made a batch of these biscuits , the dough worked fairly well , I did n't have the recommended pastry cutter , but made do with cutting in the butter . My issues with this mix
 I could not produce an edible pancake with this mix . No amount of following directions or tweaking the added ingredients worked . I 'm so sorry I did n't read the other reviews before ordering.My husband has had some success using it as a breading for fried food . So if , like me , you are stuck with 6 bags of it , this might be an option .
 This is the first time I bought any product like this and it will be the last . I made a batch of biscuits and they did n't even raise . If I want to use this product without losing my money I will mix it with something else . I have usually been very happy with anything I bought from Amazon but this product has been a big disappointment .
 This mix produces biscuits that are heavy , gritty , and unpleasant tasting . We 've ways eaten uncooked wheat flour biscuit dough . By comparison , this dough has a distinct spit-in-the-trash flavor . I 'm giving credit for the unimpressive taste to the garbanzo bean flour - just my personal opinion . If you try this mix , have plenty of gravy on hand for smothering . I ca n't say we hated it , but we definitely did n't like it . I doubt I 'll ever buy it again nor would I recommend it .
 If i try this again I will be doubling the milk and butter . If you go by the directions the biscuits just sit in the pan and turn brown , no rising or fluffiness .
 I often buy Bob 's Red Mill ... however , this mix is not good at all . I do n't know what happened or who approved this , but the biscuits turned out like rocks . They were dry and hard and that was even when warm . They were worse when they cooled . They also had a nasty after-taste . I hate to say it , but I ended up throwing out the batch I made and throwing out the mix after them.If someone from Bob 's Red Mill reads these reviews ... please revamp this mix and I will be happy to try it again !
 I am new to buying gluten free products.I bought another brand it turned out good . -LRB- Namaste -RRB- I bought this product and tryed making bread and cinniamon bread with it . WHile fixing it I tryed some of the dough and it made me feel sick to my stomach . -LRB- and the taste wasnt appealing -RRB- I thought ok maybe its just because its not cooked . After it was done I ate some of it not to bad had a strong nut taste to it . But within an 1/2hour I wasnt feeling very good . Like when I tryed the raw dough . I dont think Im going to buy this one again . Thankfully I got this from our health food store and I dont have anymore hanging around.I will just try to make sure Garbanzo bean flour is not in my future purchases .
 I really like the sandwich bread mix and the chocolate cake mix made by Bob 's Red Mill so I was really excited to try making biscuits . Unfortunately , this mix is really salty and did not rise well . Could not even swallow the first bite . Maybe , I did something wrong but it was so bad that I have n't had the urge to try it again .
 This is the worst tasting stuff ever . I will never buy it again . The biscuits do n't even taste like biscuits . I have heard that gf biscuit is much better .
 and I was very disappointed . I 'm the GF one in the family , newly diagnosed , and just one finger in the batter let me know that this was not going to be good . I could n't even get myself to try the finished product . My husband and son gave it a go , but the smell alone almost turned my husband away . Pancakes usually get eaten up around here ... even with syrup , one was a chore to get down .
 These are some of the worse biscuits I 've ever tasted . They were very gritty and very heavy . I tried making them several times -LRB- altering the recipe to try to get added lightness -RRB- and nothing really resolved the problem , especially the grittiness . I have used many different Bob 's Red Mill products and have loved all of them except this one . I have used several other GF products from other producers , and , this takes the cake for the worst . This is especially sad since Bob 's usually has such great products .
 I have been eating this stuff since the '70s or shall I say HAD been . They now only have the New and Improved Recipe which is terrible ! I thought it went bad -- then I see on the box , new and improved . Who approved this . Anyone remember New Coke -- well , I see this happening again only with Quaker , Inc. . I will no longer buy this stuff until they go back to the old recipe .
 Just FYI , these are not gluten free . Under the allergy warning it says that they are processed in a facility that also processes wheat . In addition , they are not returnable , so be careful . I 'm now stuck with 4 20oz packages . Ebay here I come .
 I love Bob 's Red Mill products , but we have a boy who is seriously allergic to cashews . This product is manufactured on equipment that also processes tree nuts -LRB- including cashews -- I called the company . -RRB- That 's not readily apparent on the package , however , and it is too darned bad that this great company has yet to wake up to the continuing rise in the numbers of kids with food allergies . I hope that they someday take the organic and natural wagon one step further . Great product , but not worth the dire risk to my son .
 Initialy I rated this product five stars -LRB- but read the rest of the review -RRB- . -LRB- Moreover , I then gave it three stars , but , regrettably , even that was too much , as I eventually discovered . -RRB- I just got the second shipment of this stuff -- it seems great -LRB- so far
 The sunflower seeds themselves are very fresh , and I further ensure this remains the case the same way I keep all of my nuts & seeds fresh - by keeping most of them frozen in a vacuum-sealed bag , and then for day-to-day consumption , I keep a relatively small quantity in a snap-lock type of container in my fridge.So why the 1-star review ? The problem with these sunflower seeds is that interspersed with them are the occasional very tiny -LRB- essentially invisible as I have yet to actually see one despite looking very carefully -RRB- fleck of plastic . I do n't particularly enjoy eating plastic in any form as I doubt it 's ever good for you , but it 's made even worse when you consider that I like to fresh-roast my nuts and seeds immediately before using them , and melting / melted plastic smells and tastes absolutely awful , not to mention that the fumes and heated plastic are probably significantly worse for you yet . I 'm debating what to do with the rest of the seeds , since I consider them essentially unusable as-is and I have n't yet figured out a possible way of filtering them that works reliably ...
 I agree with a reviewer - these sunflower seeds are mixed with very hard bits that could break teeth , and these bits are visually hard to tell from the seeds , but your teeth will for sure tell you when they 've got one . It 's outright dangerous for people of any age , even if there are `` just '' a few in each bag . The seeds themselves are fresh and tasty , but not worth taking the risk . These packages should not be allowed to put on the shelf until this problem is resolved .
 this is the first time that I have had a less than favorable review-the sunflower kernals were not fresh , tasted rancid.I wo n't purchase this item again .
 I was excited when I saw bob 's productsv in my local super markets - ` but all the products are packaged on production lines that use nuts . Not good for those with nut allergies
 One of the two caps was broken on one of the bottles along it unable to reseal once I open it .
 I shelled out the $ 6 price for a bag of these at Safeway and they were tasty . So I bought the pack of six from Amazon , but they taste stale and overly dry . Bleh .
 Was supposed to be gluten free and it was not when I searched for gluten free this came up but it is n't .
 I 'm sure this product is wonderful except I typed in gluten free and when this came up I ordered it . And of course it is n't returnable ... I realize this is at least half my fault . But Amazon can you please fix this !
 It does n't taste like white chocolate . I wanted something like Starbucks so I could make my own white mocha and it is more clear and sweet instead of chocolatey . .
 I found this sauce to be underwhelming in flavor , all sweetness with a less than lovely aftertaste . I tried smaller and smaller amounts in my espresso and could never get a comparable result to using the ghiradelli chips . Also , the companion pump did n't keep it 's prime and had to be pumped several times to be reprimed every day and so the amount released was inconsistent which made it difficult to `` measure '' easily . -LRB- 1 pump , 1/2 pump , etc -RRB- One ounce in an espresso was VERY strong and not pleasant , and a half ounce is just sweet without a white mocha flavor .
 I found this sauce to be underwhelming in flavor , all sweetness with a less than lovely aftertaste . I tried smaller and smaller amounts in my espresso and could never get a comparable result to using the ghiradelli chips . Also , the companion pump did n't keep it 's prime and had to be pumped several times to be reprimed every day and so the amount released was inconsistent which made it difficult to `` measure '' easily . -LRB- 1 pump , 1/2 pump , etc -RRB- One ounce in an espresso was VERY strong and not pleasant , and a half ounce is just sweet without a white mocha flavor .
 Tried the Turducken this year . I was very disappointed . The bird does n't stay together like the photos you see . After it 's cooked , you do n't know to slice or scoop out the bird . There was very little turkey meat on the outside and the inside had more rice than duck or sausage . Plus , it was dry . There were no juices when I cooked it . Luckily , we also cooked a traditional turkey which fed everyone . After all said and done , after $ 110 , the Turducken was stuffing . I will never buy again .
 I bought this for our Christmas dinner . BIG mistake . What we received was a very small , and extremely overpriced turkey stuffed with little pieces of what may have been duck and/or chicken ... and a lot of nasty-tasting stuffing . The proportions were NOTHING like what is pictured.Unfortunately , due to the nature of the product -LRB- frozen , stuffed -RRB- and the time it is traditionally served -LRB- Thanksgiving and Christmas dinner -RRB- you do n't find out it is crap until it comes out of the oven ... and by then you are stuck with it , because most of the stores are already closed.Despite the small amount of meat , it easily fed seven people , with ample left-overs ... mainly because nobody finished what was on their plates , let alone went back for seconds.On a positive note , our dog loved the stuff and happily ate what everyone scooped into her bowl .
 Last year I had another Tur-duc-ken and it was great . This year our market brought these in and I will never buy one again . The instructions state to cook 3 hours and 40 minutes frozen . It took over 2 hours more than that -LRB- which I could have lived with -RRB- and when we took it out it was so dry on the outside and still raw in the middle . Trust me my market has heard several complaints this year.T from PA
 We loved Zatarains pre-mixed jambalaya with sausage that you just warmed up and it was ready to eat . Absolutely delicious . This product has absolutely no resemblance in taste to that product whatsoever . It does n't even hold a resemblance of taste to jambalaya in general . I made the mistake of buying a dozen boxes and they are all in the trash now . NEVER buy a Zatarains product again .
 Bought this product from our local Publix where it 's often buy 1 get 1 free.We ate it a couple of times and I must saw we did like the taste.One day I tore open the packaging when my son started crying . I went to him and left the packaging on the counter . I came back a minute later and my countertop was crawling with tiny little bugs that could have been mistaken for spices if they were n't moving ! I emptied the back in a zip-loc and it was full of these little bugs crawling around . If I would of put the packaging directly in the water i 'm sure the bugs would have died instantly in the water.I was completely disgusted and called the company . The woman on the line was completely unfazed saying it seemed that my product was contaminated and that these things happen ! Happen to who ?!! She continued to say she could send me free boxes or some coupons if I would provide my address.I informed her that the last thing I want is an other box of this stuff in my house and hung up.DO NOT BUY !
 Look at Juicy Juice GRAPE Juice . It has a nice PURPLE label . It says GRAPE JUICE . READ the ingredients.The # 1 ingredient is NOT grape juice . It 's APPLE JUICE . The same with their `` orange '' juice . It 's NOT orange juice at all with its pretty orange label . It 's APPLE JUICE . Watch your ingredients .
 I bought some juicy juice from Target recently . It had `` Product of China '' on the package . I wo n't take the risk of giving Juicy Juice to my children let alone given all the recent problems coming out of China involving poisened pet food , toothpaste , etc. . Why take the risk ? People from China living in the U.S. would rather not eat or drink anything from China . Take it from me - I am Chinese and all of my Chinese friends say the same thing .
 ... SUBTITLE
 This is the sort of bar that you would find in the grocery store . Nature Valley is a General Mills product . Very average , and you would n't expect much from it . The second ingredient -LRB- to whole grain oats -RRB- is high maltose corn syrup . Not an optimal ingredient , as we are learning . The other ingredients are eh , so so . They taste fine , a bit sweet , but edible . There are 3 grams of protein in each bar , 140 calories , and each bar weighs 1.2 ounces . That is about 4 bites worth for most adults , probably average for these kinds of `` grocery store '' bars . On the plus side , if you are need something that does n't melt ; chocolate coatings , etc. this would work for you .
 I would love to review this product . However , it was shipped and never left the warehouse . It 's been two weeks -- still sitting there .
 Well , it 's filling , and fairly low-calorie at 140 for the bar . I had high hopes for this bar , given the promise of fruit and nuts , which is reinforced by the packaging that prominently features pictures of raisins , almonds , peanuts and cranberries . Opening the package is the first of the disappointments . The primary ingredient is oats , followed closely by corn syrup . Tiny specks of cranberry , raisin and almond , with a few peanut chunks . The flavor is very sweet with a bitter aftertaste . This is not a product I would recommend or choose to purchase .
 Too sweet to my taste , the picture shows a lot more fruits and nuts that the bar actually has .
 Shame on Nature Valley for trying to pull the wool over our eyes ! If you were a fan of these bars when they first came out , then be warned . The recipe has changed and the bars are much different and NOT for the better . Not only are they much smaller , they also contain far fewer nuts/fruit and the bar itself now has an airier consistency like the Rice Krispie 's treat.How do I know all this ? I bought these bars on a regular basis from Costco and still had some leftover bars from the first batch and I was able to compare them side by side . These were always my favorite hiking snack and now they are n't much better than every other bar out there . I think Nature Valley will quickly regret its decision once they realize that their are a lot of unhappy customers . I 'd gladly pay a little extra if it meant keeping the bars the way they were.If you do n't believe me then by all means buy them and judge for yourself .
 I had my hopes for this bar . The box reads `` Fruit & Nut - Almond , Raisin , Peanut , and Cranberry '' , but after taking my first bite , I was surprised by the actual ingredients . The first two ingredients in the nutritional information are Oats and High Maltose Corn Syrup . This is not a fruit and nut bar . It is a grain bar with some fruit and nuts sprinkled in . There are far better products , including ones with almonds and fruits as the main ingredients , and with honey sticking the ingredients together instead of a boat load of corn syrup . I am completely dissatisfied and amazon does n't offer returns on this product so save yourself some money and buy a better bar .
 I 'm a fairly fit guy but was so addicted to the original `` made with LandoLakes '' forumla that I ran 2 miles before every bag . Now that they 've replaced the natural butter with artificial tar , I do n't need to run because I end up vomiting . Do n't be fooled and do n't buy this popcorn . They changed the formula and the new stuff leaves a thick film on the roof of your mouth that takes steel wool to remove . Shame on this company for trusting the half-wits who decided fake butter was better than real . We 're not dumb . We know the difference . Your popcorn went from the best stuff on the market to the biggest joke in my lower intestine .
 My last purchase of this popcorn had powdered salt vs. grain salt . It was a little more saltier and the artificial butter taste changed the enjoyment and quality . I recently purchased a large box . I hope this batch is not like the `` new '' formula . If it is , I wo n't be buying any more .
 I was disappointed at the flavor and smell of this product . It lacks the characteristics that the fresh root has and therefore is not a good substitute for fresh galangal .
 I BOUGHT YOUR SNACK BAGS 1.5 OZ BAGS AND THEY DO N'T POP CORRECTLY 1/2 THE KERNALS DO N'T POP AND THE REST BURN . OUR MICROWAVE IS FINE OTHER BRANDS POP JUST FINE . I HOPE THIS WILL HELP YOU TO FIX THIS PROBLEM , SO PEOPLE WILL CONTINUE TO BUY YOUR PRODUCTS . SINCERELY TODD BAKER
 The box no longer says made with real Land O'Lakes butter and evidently it no longer is . The taste is off . Evidently Diamond Foods -LRB- present owner of Pop Secret , General Mills would n't have made such a foolish decision -RRB- has no taste for quality . This used to be the a premier pop corn.Now its just a kernel of what it once was .
 I was disappointed to learn that General Mills sold this product to Diamond Foods -LRB- the nut company -RRB- in early 2009 . Since then , Pop Secret Homestyle has become unrecognizable . The kernels are larger than they used to be and they have so many husks that it chokes you to swallow it . Not to mention the fact that you need to keep toothpicks and dental floss nearby ! Oh , and make sure you have something to drink handy while eating it because of the choking issue . It it really unpleasant ! They also did something to the flavor . I suspect that they no longer use real butter because now it has no flavor at all . It is just salty and greasy.I used to have trouble keeping Pop Secret in my house because it would be devoured as soon as I bought it . Now I have had 4 boxes sitting in my pantry for months that nobody will touch . I do n't believe I have ever before experienced such a drastic and disappointing change in a product that I used to love so much . Guess I 'll have to switch to Orville now .
 I used to love the Homestyle Pop Secret . They have changed the recipe , and it no longer tastes the same . It is not buttery now , it is just salty and greasy.They used to say contains Land o Lakes butter , now it says salt and buttery taste . Not as good .
 I would never buy this product again . The hulls equal the amount of popcorn . It would be much better without all of the extraneous stuff . This product should probably come with a bonus pack of dental floss or maybe a discounted coupon for a water pick .
 The reason I purchased this product is for the `` No Sugar Added '' clause . I am annoyed with all the sugar that is added in almost everything . Every kids cocoa drink has too much sugar added . After I tasted my first drink , it felt too sweet and had an after taste . The taste of an artificial sweetener . After checking the ingredients , I noticed it contains `` Sucralose '' . According to Wikipedia , Sucralose is 600 sweeter than table sugar ! What 's the point of buying something that has no sugar added but adding something that 's tons of times sweeter ? I am not going after the calorie factor . So does Nesquick add 600 times less amount of Sucralose than sugar to get the same sweetness ? I do n't think so.Another major problem is that Amazon 's ingredients section does NOT mention Sucralose . It mentions Aspartame which , according to Wikipedia , it 's 100-150 times sweeter than sugar , which means much less sweeter than Sucralose . So did Nesquick change their ingredients and Amazon did not update their ingredients list ?
 The shipping was very slow and the raccoons came In the house and tore open the packages and ate It all , I did Not even know raccoons like Chocolate .
 The item itself was fine . What was not fine was the fact that this case was to have 12 boxes in it and my box only had 10 - so I got jipped out of 2 boxes . Since Amazon wo n't take this item back - I am just stuck paying for 12 items when I only received 10 . So , think twice before ordering this item from Amazon !!!
 the product came part liquid , but a little gentle stirring made it whole again . My main problem was the expiration date it was December 31,2012 . I recieved the item on December 3rd . I could not give it as a christmas gift because of this date . Remember also that this product has a long shelf life , so this devon cream may have been standing around quite a long time . I would not take a chance buying food from this company .
 I love to make homemade scones and serve them with Devon Cream and strawberry preserves . I was excited to receive my shipment of 4 bottles of Double Devon Cream , but upon opening the box I discovered the cream had become liquid in transit . I refrigerated immediately , but the product never regained the correct consistency . I feel like I threw away $ 27.00 ! Have ordered the same product from other vendors without this result , so I 'm not sure what the problem was . Perhaps better packaging is needed when shipping to warm-weather locations like Southern Alabama ...
 It is a great product , however , who would spend more than 15 dollars on a 5-lb of rice ? This is a total rip-off of the consumers who love this great product . Go to your local asian grocery -LRB- if there is none , drive 20 miles -RRB- and get it for less than 5 dollars !
 bought this bag of rice and it arrived open , spilling rice inside the packaging box and subsequently into my apartment . i was being lazy in ordering rice online but now i 've learned my lesson .
 First let me say I am a huge fan of endangered species chocolate . This is my first time however trying this particular mixture . I love orange and chocolate as a combination but this one definitely falls short . Unfortunately from what I can gather and the type of bitterness it is I am guessing they add too much of the pith while creating the orange oil . It has a smooth delightful start but the more you eat the more pronounced the bitter taste becomes . I am disappointed by the purchase and will not order this type again .
 Ever since the packaging changed on these sardines , they 've become worse and worse . The packaging of these sardines is terrible . The can used to open like other cans , with a pull-loop in the center end of a can . Worked perfectly . But the bozos at Season 's corporate headquarters decided to mess with a perfectly fine product . The idiots moved the pull-loop opening to the corner of the can , so that when you apply pressure , laws of physics guarantee you will spill the oil and create a mess . This brings me to my next subject
 The sardines are very good . However Season consistently ` shorts ' the product . The can is about 2/3 sardines and 1/3 oil.Bad value .
 The MOST moist , delicious , & sustainably caught sardines are , by and far , the Wild Planet Brand!I tried both the `` Season '' and `` Crown Prince '' brands and the difference in flavor and quality was light years away from the Wild Planet brand.I live in New England and can only find WILD PLANET brand in my local Stop and Shop.It 's amazing that we have 3 `` Whole Foods '' Markets in my state and not one carries the Wild Planet brand ! They are only carry what I believe to be the inferior quality brands that I mentioned.I 'm sure that the Hoffman and Manischewitz families that own Crown Prince and Season brands would n't mind having the Wild Planet brand alongside their own , since they feel theirs are such great quality , right?Who knows , they just might learn something about having high standards from the lovely bunch of people that own Wild Planet in California.To top it off , all Wild Planet products are in BPA free cans ... what more can you ask for ?
 Sardines with skin are toooooo fishy to enjoy and the skin makes them basically inedible . I can only eat sardines with skin removed . I could not even eat one sardine out of the one opened tin . I was assured before ordering the sardines that they would arrive without skins but , alas , they arrived with skins intact . I sent the entire order back and requested a full refund . A bad experience .
 Just found these at my local health food store and thought i 'd give it a try . They taste okay , but they had a strong taste . Maybe it was the rasins . The box states it also comes in Apple . I m looking for those now . The nurtients in this bars are really healthy .
 Well I give up . I odered the bulk package -LRB- 12 boxes -RRB- of this product , which is pretty good by the way , but recieved instead 1 box . I e-mailed Amazon to complain and received a reply almost immediately apologizing for the inconveniece and informing me that a new shipment was beign sent ot me immediately at no additional charge . So guess what arrived . You guessed it , one box of ceareal bars . This vendor obviously has issues with math . And while the bars are good , they are not a bargain at $ 4.25 per bar . I might e-mail Amazon again . I figure 8 more e-mails and I am even
 I was disappointed at the flavor and smell of this product . It lacks the characteristics that the fresh plant has and therefore is not a good substitute .
 Your service is the best . My package arrived promptly , and very well packaged -- it was glass -- very important . And the product is exactly as advertized -- I 'd just got back from Paris and fell in love with their French mayonaise -- looked for it online -- found it on your site , sent for it , and it 's perfect . Thank you . Kelly Lange
 I ordered 60 undecorated Christmas cookies for a children 's decorating party . Scott sent me two emails assuring me that the product would be delivered on the 19th , no worries . Freshness , no worries . I received the cookies today , a week early , 12 of the 60 were broken , and all 60 cookies were bundled in saran wrap , and two of those bundles were open where the saran wrap had come apart . Stale cookies , broken , and a week early . All this for $ 92 . What a foolish decision on my part to believe Scott and his `` assurances '' . I would NEVER recommend Scott 's company or their products . Terrible !
 I must admit that I did not taste the cookies , so they may have been fantastic . However , I purchased this item for a gift and when it arrived in a plain white pastry box sealed with Saran wrap ... I was disappointed from the start . When I peeked inside to see if the cookies were individually wrapped , dry crumbs leaked out of the sides from the unwrapped cookies on the interior . I wo n't purchase this product or any other from this seller again .
 I was n't thrilled because I had to pick out tiny bits of gravel . The flax seeds themselves were fine , top quality . If it were n't for the gravel bits -LRB- that get through the sieve w/the seeds , I guess ? -RRB- , this would get 5 stars .
 Jules Destrooper , Cookie Thins Almond 100G , 3.5-OunceThis proved to be an all time ripoff . I was expecting a broken case of cookies . I received 1 box of cookies worth $ 3 - paid $ 9.95 for the cookies , plus $ 6.30 for shipping . $ 16.25 for a $ 3 value . Never again will I shop Amazon . Richard Rossi
 Most of the cookies -LRB- almond thins -RRB- arrived as crumbs . There was no protective padding inside the outer shipping box , so the rough handling by the USPS reduced the delicate cookies to little more than crumbs .
 I ordered 60 undecorated Christmas cookies for a children 's decorating party . Scott sent me two emails assuring me that the product would be delivered on the 19th , no worries . Freshness , no worries . I received the cookies today , a week early , 12 of the 60 were broken , and all 60 cookies were bundled in saran wrap , and two of those bundles were open where the saran wrap had come apart . Stale cookies , broken , and a week early . All this for $ 92 . What a foolish decision on my part to believe Scott and his `` assurances '' . I would NEVER recommend Scott 's company or their products . Terrible !
 I must admit that I did not taste the cookies , so they may have been fantastic . However , I purchased this item for a gift and when it arrived in a plain white pastry box sealed with Saran wrap ... I was disappointed from the start . When I peeked inside to see if the cookies were individually wrapped , dry crumbs leaked out of the sides from the unwrapped cookies on the interior . I wo n't purchase this product or any other from this seller again .
 I love Libby 's pumpkin and use it for many recipes . Glad the shortage seems to be over . I just bought 6 cans of this -LRB- 15 oz -RRB- at local supermarket for $ 1.79 each . Quite a difference !
 Just threw away 3 loaves of pumpkin bread that were gritty with sand . I checked on the internet and found others with the same complaint . What a waste !
 We purchased a 15oz can of Libby 's Pumpkin from the grocery store right before Thanksgiving -LRB- 2012 -RRB- to use in a Pumpkin Pie . The pie tasted fine , but every bite was full of sandy grit -LRB- the grit was hard like broken up glass -RRB- . We do n't enjoy eating sand and had to throw away the pie . I see that we 're not the only ones that are complaining about this . We 've never had this issue with pumpkin mix before . What an embarrassment it would have been if we had served it to guests .
 Do n't order this just because you need canned pumpkin sometime other than Autumn . I bought this exact product in March at a regular grocery store . I have seen it at multiple stores since , including Walmart . It 's only a dollar or two .
 The jar of Polar Fuji apples I purchased , while aesthetically pleasing , was of low quality . The product was consumed 6/7/2007 and had a `` best if consumed by '' date of 11/23/2008 . The taste was reminiscent of the low-budget fruit cocktail we used to get in grade school in the midwest . The Fuji apples had the texture , consistency and mouth feel of unripe pears , and had little or no `` fresh apple '' flavor . Mostly , everything tasted just like the syrup , which sure as daylights was n't `` Fuji apple juice '' or I 'm Johnny Appleseed.Why would anyone eat canned apples anyway when relatively fresh apples are available throughout the United States ? All I got out of this purchase was a little decorator jar with fake handles.I may plant an apple seed in it .
 This is really really hard ! I use it for baking and for topping treats like cakes , yogurt etc. . This does n't work well at all !
 I ususally love these . But these were too dry to really enjoy . I 'll just buy them in the store from now on .
 I purchased this product to see if it would help with my morning sickness . It is way too strong for my taste . I liked the texture ; it 's like any other dried fruit . It was just too spicy for me , and I normally like spicy candy . Claey 's Sandied Ginger , which I purchased at the same time , is more for me . Less strong , but still the ginger taste and smell .
 The same size of this product 3.5 oz . is sold at World Market for $ 2.45 . This is overpriced and I 'll look for it at T J Maxx .
 This is not for me at all . I got it because I was told ginger is great for heartburn . This set my mouth on fire . I 'd prefer something sweet .
 I bought this based on the reviews and the fact that I like The Ginger People chewy ginger . I bough 25 bags of this ginger and it 's not spicy at all :-LRB- It 's a bit sugary with a hint of ginger . Waste of money for me . Perhaps I got a bad batch ...
 You see the picture of this ? Well , what I got were tiny dried up odds and ends . I do n't know if this is normal for this product , but I expected them to be like the picture . It had way too much sugar , probably because the pieces were so small . They were not nice and square , they were much smaller and mostly triangle , and nugget shaped . I bought them mainly to use with some red onions and cook them with steak . But it would probably be too sweet , as small and sugary as they are.UPDATE
 I did not care for the taste . The crystallized ginger from SweetGormet.com was far better in flavor , color and texture .
 My husband and are huge Indian food fans . These were watery and not so good . You could make some on your own so much better . Try GITS products that are also sold by amazon.com Unfortunately amazon is no longer selling them by the 10-pkg . box , so they are a lot more expensive tha they used to be . But GITS is a much better product .
 The bag arrived in very good condition.The one star reason : I was very disappointed that the bag of cracked wheat was not the coarse kind but was like very fine flour . It is the coarse kind that gives bread the nutty texture we so love in our family . I do n't think it was advertised clearly enough for me to catch the difference but it 's been awhile since I ordered it so I could have forgotten .
 The coffee was not bad but not excellent . I have had other coffees from Nicaragua and they were earthy and sharp . This was more like Folgers . I would recommend Nicaraguan coffee , but may be a different roaster .
 `` All good things must come to an end '' and the end of the great Season sardines is now . Previous years ' Season sardines were too good . Season -LRB- Manischewitz Co. -RRB- no longer gets these sardines from Norway . Now they supply low grade sardines from Scotland canners . Last year , these were the best northern sardines available ; now they are inedible . Amazon 's web page is in error ... the package now says `` PRODUCT OF SCOTLAND '' . They also switched to a much lower grade oil , `` pure '' instead of `` extra virgin '' . It does n't even taste like olive oil . The fish have a poor texture and worse flavor . I could n't finish one can . Other sardine brands have switched from Norwegian to Scottish suppliers to reduce cost before . These are among the lowest quality commodity sardines available . Anything in your local store has better flavor and texture . These Season sardines are rubbery and seem under-done . Please understand
 The DHA in this product comes from fish oil which is not listed on the amazon site ingredients , but is listed on the package . The product is also non-returnable .
 Please try to avoid , we were disappointedwith the way of packing and qualitythink buying in walmart/cvs is far better
 Dissapointed with ingredient list . Because this is marked Organic i would expect ingredient list to be `` prunes '' , but it includes tuna oil . Wo n't be buying . Enough said .
 Includes tune oil , gelatin and vitamins . I would expect organic pea pure to include just peas , but this is not the case . Enough said . Deleting my subscription .
 If organic truly matters to you the fact that tuna oil is added to this puree is truly offensive . The mercury levels in tuna are high enough that pregnant and nursing women are advised to avoid certain amounts , yet it is okay to add to a babies food ? And it is not specified as derived from organic or wild caught tuna . This carries absolutely no logic and just goes to show what happens when a major food company attempts organic . Garbage , complete and total garbage .
